São Paulo , Brazil  CNN  A Miss Bum-Bum runner-up , Andressa Urach , now admits her obsession with beauty -- and cosmetic surgery -- almost killed her . Urach , 27 , launched her career as a model and reality TV star with a face and body sculpted in the operating room . "  I 've had more than 10 surgeries , " she told CNN . "  My nose , my cheekbones , my jaw . I injected my lips numerous times , changed my breasts twice and did liposuction two times . " In 2012 , she got second place in the uniquely Brazilian contest known as Miss Bum-Bum , or Miss Backside . Modeling contracts followed . "  I idolized my body , so it had to be perfect , " she said during the interview in the São Paulo apartment she shares with her 9-year-old son . Her agent brought out the before-and-after pictures . First , snapshots of a thin teenage mom nicknamed "  Beanpole , " smiling and hugging her baby . In the more recent pictures , her body fills out : pouty lips , enormous breasts and her now-famous derriere as well as voluptuous thighs . "  I had plastic surgery like going to the supermarket , " she said . "  I wanted to take out ribs to have a slimmer waist . I wanted to cut off my toes to wear smaller shoes . " Eventually , the medical procedures took their toll . Last November , Urach was rushed to the hospital in septic shock . She spent weeks in intensive care , then in a wheelchair . Hoping for more curvaceous thighs , Urach had taken large quantities of anabolic steroids . Then , she injected her thighs with hydrogel and a plastic known as PMMA . By November , the tissue in her legs was rotting . Pictures taken at the hospital show huge , gaping ulcers . More than two months later , she is still getting her legs drained . We accompanied her on a doctor 's visit . "  Back when Andressa injected the hydrogel , she put in 10 times the amount allowed , " said plastic surgeon Felipe Tozaki . "  It 's injected into the muscle and fat and skin , and it 's difficult to remove . " After the bad publicity , authorities said they would n't renew the license for hydrogel to be used in Brazil . Now Urach is warning against excessive vanity . "  I hope those injuries , those holes can be an example to warn women that there is a huge risk . You have to respect the limits of your body , " she said . Brazil , according to the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery , surpassed the United States in 2013 as the country with the most cosmetic surgical procedures -- 1.45 million . While American women received more breast implants than their Brazilian counterparts , Brazilians got 64,000 buttock augmentations , almost six times more than Americans . Unfortunately , many women take shortcuts or seek doctors who are n't qualified but are willing to try more risky procedures . "  If my doctor had n't been willing to put the 500 milliliters of hydrogel in each leg , I would have gone to four or five doctors , getting a little bit from each one , " Urach said . According to the Federal Council of Medicine , there are 5,500 recognized plastic surgeons in Brazil , but nearly 12,000 doctors perform cosmetic procedures without proper training . The demand for cosmetic procedures spikes in the summer months and especially ahead of Carnival , when many women seek a nip and tuck before they strip down to their glittery bikinis in Carnival parades . Doctor Tozaki said the problem is cultural , but it is also medical , noting that 10 % to 15 % of patients "  have psychiatric issues , " more specifically body dysmorphic disorder . "  They look in the mirror and they 'll always find something wrong , " Tozaki said . "  Like me , " Urach said . After her nightmarish surgeries to remove hydrogel from her thighs , Urach said , she 'll never go under the knife again . But she also would never go back to the way she looked before . "  I like the way I look now , " Urach said . "  It 's good to take measures to improve your looks , just not excessive measures . " Dubai , the world 's plastic surgery hub	2012 Miss Bum-Bum runner-up Andressa Urach had "  more than 10 " cosmetic surgeries After steroid , hydrogel and PMMA injections in her thighs , she suffered septic shock and was hospitalized The lesson she hopes this teaches is , "  You have to respect the limits of your body "
CNN  -- Winter weather complicated travel for many Americans on Wednesday -- and left six dead in weather-related accidents , and even forced one NBA team to take the rare step of postponing a game due to the conditions . Six people , including two young children , have died in weather-related incidents since Tuesday . A 1-year-old and 2-year-old child were killed in a car accident in Arkansas , an official with the state 's department of emergency said . Tommy Jackson also said a man was killed in his home in Saline County by a falling tree . A 53-year-old man in Rayville , Louisiana , was killed when a tree fell on his house , Richland Parish Sheriff Lee Harrell said . Snow totals in parts of Indiana ranged from 6 to 12 inches , CNN affiliate WRTV in Indianapolis reported . About 350 snowplows were clearing roads throughout the city . "  It 's pretty bad . You get a lot of drifting out there . That 's what 's killing us , mainly , " said plow driver David White . The Indiana Pacers said their game against the Chicago Bulls was rescheduled due to severe weather in Indianapolis . No makeup date was announced . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo told residents they should avoid nonessential travel . "  Winter weather has arrived for many parts of the state , so as a precaution we have opened the emergency operation center to coordinate response efforts using all state and local resources , " Cuomo said . "  I also urge New Yorkers to closely watch local news reports for weather updates and adjust their travel plans accordingly . " New York State Police said long sections of Interstate 84 and the Taconic State Parkway were closed for several hours while crews cleared snow . Wind was causing major delays at airports , including Philadelphia International Airport . At one point , it had delays of more than four hours , the longest setbacks in the country , the Federal Aviation Administration said . Several other airports in the Northeast experienced delays of more than two hours on Wednesday . CNN meteorologist Alexandra Steele said wind was the primary problem . "  Many of  the big cities are n't seeing snow accumulation , they 're seeing very heavy rain with the wind , " she said . One gust in New York reached 31 mph , and gusts could become stronger as the night progressed , she said . Airlines cancel hundreds of flights Drivers in Pennsylvania were traversing ice - and snow-covered streets and highways . In Pittsburgh , which was seeing its first major snowfall of the season , travelers battled the elements . One said a trip from her mother 's house that normally could be done in 30 minutes took her three hours . CNN affiliate WTAE reported the speed limit of some sections of the Pennsylvania Turnpike were lowered to 45 mph and big rigs with empty trailers or two trailers were n't allowed on the road . A CNN photojournalist who traveled from Ohio to Washington , D.C. , said one two-mile stretch of the turnpike took 30 minutes to navigate . As many people tried to get home , others were surveying the results of the storms that began in the Midwest and surged east . A white Christmas is rare for Little Rock , Arkansas , but a powerful winter storm took it to a new level : The 9 inches that fell broke a December 25 snowfall record that stood for 86 years . In areas where the storm has passed , officials were assessing the damage . More than 25 storm-related injuries were reported in Mississippi , the state 's emergency management office said . No fatalities were reported . In addition to the injuries , about 70 homes were damaged , most in the southern portion of the state . On Tuesday , Gov. Phil Bryant declared a state of emergency for several battered Mississippi counties , a declaration that helps get support to victims . He said that at least eight counties reported damage and injuries . Arkansas Gov. Mike Beebe declared a statewide disaster . "  Our main priority is focused on recovery , " said John Kilcullen , director of operations for emergency management in Mobile , Alabama . Officials at the National Weather Service gave a preliminary EF2 rating to a tornado that struck downtown Mobile on Christmas Day . Other tornadoes -- one that went though parts of Choctaw County , Alabama , and ones than struck Stone , Lawrence and Jones counties in Mississippi -- also were EF2 's , which have wind speeds  for three-second bursts  between 111 and 135 miles per hour . The weather service said an even stronger EF3-rated tornado struck Pearl River County in Mississippi . CNN 's Devon Sayers , Chuck Johnston , Carma Hassan , Todd Sperry , Jeremy Moorhead , Mariano Castillo , Joe Sutton , and David Close contributed to this report .	NEW : At least six dead from weather-related incidents , including two children NEW : National Weather Service says Mobile tornado was an EF2 Airports , drivers see lengthy delays as snow , wind affect Northeast Little Rock digs out from a Christmas record snowfall
Bath , Maine  CNN  -- Under clear , blue skies , a ship dedicated to fallen Medal of Honor recipient and Navy SEAL Lt. Michael Murphy was christened Saturday by his mother , Maureen , at Bath Iron Works shipyard in Maine . "  I feel not only Michael 's presence , but that ship embodies the spirits of Michael and his teammates , " Murphy 's father , Daniel , told CNN . Following tradition , Murphy 's mother cracked a bottle of champagne against the hull of the USS Michael Murphy . "  Happy Birthday , son ! " Murphy 's mom said on what would have been her son 's 35th birthday . His life was cut short in the mountains of Afghanistan in 2005 . Dr. Josh Appel , an Air Force Reserve flight surgeon , helped retrieve Murphy 's body after a firefight that claimed the lives of 18 other troops , including 2 SEALs from Murphy 's team . Appel called the christening "  a symbolic gesture that brings Michael 's spirit into the ship . " Murphy 's team -- on a mission to go after a Taliban leader -- was ambushed when the troops were outnumbered by Taliban fighters . Murphy was honored for his courage by running into a clearing to call for help despite exposing himself to enemy fire . He was hit with two bullets in his back , but continued to seek help on the call . His final words to his command belied the deadly attack under way : "  Thank you , " he said . "  We can never repay , but must never ever forget , " said Sen. Olympia Snowe , R-Maine , in front of more than 2,000 people at the shipyard . The ship 's dedication comes during a week of honors for Navy SEALs . Members of the elite special ops force killed Osama bin Laden during a 38-minute operation early Monday in Pakistan . "  You 're going to have good days . You 're going to have bad days , " Rear Adm. Garry Bonelli told CNN . "  What we 're trying to do is defend freedom and follow out the president 's orders . That 's what we 're all about . " The destroyer will be moved to a dry dock for several months while workers put the final touches on it . The lettering on the stern of the ship does n't need any more work . It says , "  Michael Murphy , " but among its admirers , it 's already being called "  the Murph . "	USS Michael Murphy named for Medal of Honor recipient Murphy , a Navy SEAL lieutenant , was killed in 2005 in Afghanistan His namesake destroyer was christened by his mother at a shipyard in Maine
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Police have launched an investigation after a young disabled sportsman traveled to Switzerland to commit suicide , UK media report . Daniel James , who played rugby for England under-16s , was paralyzed during match practice last year . Daniel James , 23 , from Sinton Green in western England was paralyzed from the chest down in March 2007 when a rugby scrum collapsed on top of him during match practice , dislocating his spine , the UK 's Press Association has reported . Worcestershire Coroner 's Service , which is conducing an inquest into the circumstances of his death , states on its Web site that James died on September 12 after he "  traveled to Switzerland with a view to ending his own life . He was admitted to a clinic where he died . " The inquest was adjourned on September 19 for reports . West Mercia police say that a man and a woman are helping the force with their enquiries . Assisting someone to commit suicide is illegal in the UK , as it is in most other European countries . What do you think of assisted suicide ? James , who played rugby for England under-16s , was a university student at the time of his injury last year . He is believed to be the youngest person from the UK to have traveled to Switzerland to commit suicide . In a statement Friday , reported by PA , James ' parents said that he had attempted to kill himself several times already . Watch why James opted for suicide " "  His death was an extremely sad loss for his family , friends and all those that care for him but no doubt a welcome relief from the ` prison ' he felt his body had become and the day-to-day fear and loathing of his living existence , as a result of which he took his own life . "  This is the last way that the family wanted Dan 's life to end but he was , as those who know him are aware , an intelligent , strong-willed and some say determined young man , " PA reported James ' parents as saying . "  The family suffered considerably over the last few months and do wish to be left in peace to allow them to grieve appropriately . " James ' parents added that their son , "  an intelligent young man of sound mind , " had never come to terms with his condition and was "  not prepared to live what he felt was a second-class existence " . Adrian Harling , the family solicitor , would not comment on the investigation , PA reported . More than 100 people from the UK who have committed suicide in Switzerland have traveled to the Dignitas Clinic in Forch . It is not known if James attended the clinic . Switzerland , along with Belgium , Luxembourg and the Netherlands , are the only European countries where authorities will not prosecute those who assist with suicide .	Young rugby player , paralyzed after accident , commits suicide in Switzerland Police interview man and woman about the death of Daniel James , 23 It is illegal in UK and much of Europe to assist with suicide Assisted suicide is legal in Switzerland , Netherlands , Belgium , Luxembourg
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- A 12-year-old girl died Monday after she was struck by a warning shot fired as a vehicle accelerated toward an Iraqi police station , said the U.S.-led military coalition . The incident occurred in Hurriya in Nineveh province , according to a news release from Multi-National Corp-Iraq . A vehicle accelerated as it approached the Hurriya police station , where coalition forces and Iraqi police were conducting security operations , it said . "  The coalition forces and Iraqi police waved and yelled for the vehicle to stop , " the news release said . "  After the vehicle failed to stop , coalition forces fired two warning rounds . " The girl , who was standing about 100 meters  about 328 feet  behind the vehicle , was hit by one of the rounds , the release said . Troops attempted to treat her at the scene , but she died while being transported to a hospital . The incident was under investigation , the release said , adding that Col. Gary Volesky , commander of U.S. forces in Nineveh province , "  expresses his condolences to the girl 's family for the unfortunate accident . " The news release did not say what happened to the vehicle .	Shots were fired at vehicle that accelerated toward Hurriya police station 12-year-old was standing behind car and was hit by one round She died while being transported to the hospital
Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain announced Wednesday the withdrawal of their ambassadors from Qatar because Doha had not implemented an agreement among Gulf Arab countries not to interfere in each others ' internal affairs . The three countries , which are all part of the Gulf Cooperation Council  GCC  along with Qatar , announced the unprecedented move in a joint statement . They said GCC members had signed a deal November 23 that included "  a security agreement and a commitment to the principles that ensure non-interference in the internal affairs of any of the GCC countries , either directly or indirectly , and not to support any activity that would threaten the security and stability of any of the GCC countries from organizations or individuals , including support for hostile media . " GCC foreign ministers met in Riyadh Tuesday to try to persuade Qatar to implement the agreement , the statement said . "  Saudi Arabia , UAE and Bahrain hoped that the agreement will be implemented , however , after more than three months after the signing of the agreement , Saudi Arabia , UAE and Bahrain feel that the State of Qatar did not take the necessary actions to put it into practice , " a statement on the Saudi Foreign Ministry Facebook page said . "  Therefore Saudi Arabia , UAE and Bahrain regret to announce that they will take what they deem to be the appropriate steps to protect the security and stability of their nations by withdrawing their ambassadors from Qatar . " Tensions Qatar expressed "  regret and surprise " at the decision and said it would not reciprocate with the same move , a cabinet statement published on the state Qatar News Agency said . It said it would remain committed to "  preserving and protecting the security and stability " of the GCC countries . Tensions between Qatar and the rest of the GCC have increased in recent years . Wednesday 's announcement is the clearest sign yet of a rift between Gulf Arab nations and Qatar , a perceived supporter of Islamist groups such as the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt and elsewhere in the Middle East -- which are viewed with suspicion or outright hostility by some fellow GCC members . Qatar denounced last year 's ouster of Egypt 's Islamist President Mohamed Morsy , who hails from the Brotherhood . The GCC , formed in 1981 , consists of Saudi Arabia , Qatar , Kuwait , Bahrain , the United Arab Emirates and Oman .	Qatar expresses "  regret and surprise " at the decision Saudia Arabia , UAE , Bahrain announced the unprecedented move in joint statement They say Doha has not implemented a security agreement among Gulf Arab countries Tensions between Qatar and other Gulf countries have increased in recent years
CNN  -- World number one Rafael Nadal battled back from a set down to finally topple American Andy Roddick in an epic clash at the ATP World Tour finals . The Spaniard looked out of sorts in the opening set but slowly returned to form as the game progressed to secure a 3-6 7-6 6-4 victory in two hours 30 minutes . After a near five week break from the game due to injury , Nadal was rusty during the opening set and lost his opening service game as Roddick opened up a 3-0 lead . Nadal struggled to recover from his slovenly start and Roddick held his serve to close out the first set 6-3 in just 49 minutes . The second set saw Nadal broken again early on but the Spaniard finally made inroads into Roddick 's booming serve to square the set at 2-2 . After that both players held firm on serve before Nadal took the tie break and his first set at the O2 Arena in London . The deciding set went with serve until the sixth game when a passing winner handed Nadal a precious break . Roddick ensured Nadal would have to serve for the match and he duly obliged to seal a marathon battle . Afterwards Nadal told Sky Sports : "  I started the match nervous , without rhythm . Andy is a very aggressive player and it was very difficult . He can rally from the baseline and from the net , it 's very difficult to pass him . "  The atmosphere here is fantastic , I 'm very happy to win . For me its a very important victory . " Novak Djokovic made an impressive start to his assault on the ATP World Tour Finals title with a straight sets victory over Tomas Berdych . The world number three , who won the season-ending tournament in Shanghai in 2008 , made light work of his Czech opponent , winning 6-3 6-3 in just one hour 28 minutes . The tone was set in the very first game , when Berdych served two double faults and Djokovic sealed an important break . In front of watching soccer legend Diego Maradona -- former player and coach of Argentina -- the Serb pressed home his advantage to wrap up the opening set in 43 minutes . Djokovic then broke in the third game of the second set to kill off his opponent , who made 19 unforced errors in the match . "  I could n't ask for a better start of the tournament , " Djokovic said . "  I was trying to focus on my game and do the things that I planned to do tactically with my coach . I think I did well . "  You have to be really on the top of the game in order to win , because these players who are taking part in this tournament are the best players in the world . There is no easy match -LSB- or -RSB- easy opponent . "	World number one Rafael Nadal beats American Andy Roddick at the ATP World Tour Finals Nadal clinches epic match 3-6 7-6 6-4 to win for the first time at London 's O2 Arena Novak Djokovic beats Tomas Berdych in his opening match World number three from Serbia wins 6-3 6-3 in just 88 minutes in London
Editor 's Note : Alfred Liggins is chief executive officer of Radio One Inc. and chairman of TV One LLC . The companies are aimed at an audience of African-American and urban consumers , and they own 53 radio stations in 16 cities , a cable network and a variety of Web sites . Liggins personally has contributed to Barack Obama 's campaign . Alfred Liggins says the black population in America has grown increasingly diverse . CNN  -- If you think African-Americans will come out in greater numbers than ever before to vote for Barack Obama , you 're probably right . If you think you know how they 'll vote in the almost 500 House , Senate and gubernatorial races , you could be in for a surprise . Although politicians and their advertising gurus often speak to Black America as a collective , homogeneous group , the black population is anything but a monolith . In the past decade , the more than 40 million strong black population in America has become increasingly diverse : economically , socially , technologically and even philosophically . In the final push toward Election Day , as politicians and political hopefuls seek to penetrate this community , they may no longer understand to whom they are speaking . Are they addressing blacks or African-Americans ? Is racial prejudice as important an issue today as affording a college education for their kids or taking care of an aging parent ? iReport.com : Black college cancels class to vote Radio One , the country 's largest broadcasting company primarily targeting African-Americans , recently commissioned a study to uncover Black America today . How do they identify themselves ? What do they care about ? How are they influenced ? What is most important to them ? Interestingly , the study found that 42 percent of those polled actually prefer to be called black  these are more likely to be more affluent  compared with 44 percent who choose to be described as African-American . And yes , it would be misguided to assume that dropping a Martin Luther King Jr. quote into a speech and focusing on America 's history of racial inequality is the sure way to sway black voters when one-third of blacks , particularly younger people , believe that there is actually too much focus on past oppression . And as insulting as it is to assume that all women vote for female candidates , it is equally inaccurate and offensive to say that blacks simply cast their ballots for people of color . Like all Americans , black folks vote on the issues they care about , and today those issues are less likely to be linked to race than they are to the economy , health care , education and a whole spectrum of social issues . As Georgetown University sociology professor Michael Eric Dyson recently said , "  black people do n't vote for candidates just because they are black . If Clarence Thomas ran for president , he would get five black votes . " Given Black America 's extreme diversity today  the study identified 11 specific groups  it is easy to misunderstand who they are and how they can be reached . Yes , discrimination and racial issues are still incredibly important , particularly to middle-age and older blacks . But the younger populations are more concerned about starting their own businesses , paying for their education , taking care of their children and creating a better work/life balance . So how do politicians penetrate the multiple segments of Black America ? In 1992 , when Bill Clinton wooed African-Americans in church , he understood how to effectively reach that population . But that was before social networking sites attracted millions of teenage and young black adults . Now that the digital divide has faded , with roughly the same percentage of blacks online as the general population , ignoring black Web sites and social networking sites would be a big mistake . Although the history of black oppression in America is not the radioactive issue it once was , trust in the community -- whom blacks trust -- is still paramount . Of all institutions , they are least likely to trust credit card companies but also remain seriously wary of the mainstream media and tend to trust black media more than traditional media outlets . It has been almost a century and a half since blacks in America won the right to vote . It makes all the sense in the world that the black community has evolved and diversified over the years , but too often politicians make the mistake of assuming that blacks are still a monolithic group fixated on all of the same issues . Though Barack Obama will be able to count on a massive percentage of the black vote on Election Day , the rest of the ticket will need to dig deeper than the canned speeches dealing with racial injustice of the past to satisfy today 's black voters . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alfred Liggins .	Alfred Liggins : America 's black population has become more diverse 40 million population represents many different social , economic viewpoints , he says Liggins : Discrimination still key issue , but other concerns have emerged Liggins says politicians need to know that past appeals to race are outdated
CNN  -- A top human rights advocacy group on Friday denounced what it claimed were the overnight executions of nine prisoners in Gambia , calling President Yahya Jammeh 's stated intent to clear death row after a decades-long moratorium "  a step back . " The reports of the executions were the first since the Gambian president announced several days ago that he wanted all inmates sentenced to death to be executed by mid-September . The tiny West African nation had last executed a prisoner about 30 years ago . Citing what it deemed "  reliable sources , " Amnesty International reported in a statement that eight men and one woman were taken from their prison cells on Thursday and killed . Three of those allegedly executed had been sentenced for treason , and two of the nine were Senegalese , said the group . "  We strongly denounce the executions of the nine and see this as a step back for the country , " Amnesty spokesman Alex Edwards told CNN on Friday . "  The president should issue a moratorium and cease all executions . " By the end of last year , Gambia had at least 42 people on death row , including two women , according to human rights activists . Three men have since received a death sentence this year , Amnesty said . Jammeh announced the new policy -- though it was n't unclear what prompted him to change the stance -- in a speech on state media Sunday that was rebroadcast Monday . "  All punishments prescribed by law will be maintained in the country to ensure that criminals get what they deserve : that is , that those who kill are killed , " he said . "  By the middle of next month , all the death sentences would have been carried out to the letter . " The nation imposes capital punishment for various crimes , including murder and treason , the latter commonly used to stifle dissent in some African nations . In 2010 , British human rights group Reprieve said Gambia introduced the death penalty for those found with more than 250 grams of cocaine or heroin . It 's unclear whether that law still stands . In 2009 , Jammeh made a similar threat to resume executions , but did not act on it , Amnesty said . Jammeh took power in a military coup in 1994 and was elected president two years later . Gambia 's human rights record has drawn steady criticism since his election , but the president has won supporters by building new hospitals , schools and other infrastructure . CNN 's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	Gambian authorities take 9 inmates from their cells and execute them , Amnesty says President Yahya Jammeh has said death row will be cleared by September An Amnesty spokesman says the executions mark "  a step back " for Gambia
CNN  -- Jordan 's King Abdullah II , one of the first Arab leaders to call for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down , told CNN the attack on Wednesday that killed members of al-Assad 's inner circle is a "  tremendous blow to the regime . " But the king cautioned that he did not think the attack meant al-Assad 's regime was about to crumble immediately . The explosion , which a rebel leader said was detonated by remote control , killed Defense Minister Dawood Rajiha ; Deputy Defense Minister Assef Shawkat -- al-Assad 's brother-in-law ; and Hasan Turkmani , al-Assad 's security adviser and assistant vice president , the state TV reports said . Interior Minister Ibrahim al-Shaar was injured in the blast , state television said , adding that he "  is in good health and that his condition is stable . " "  This was a tremendous blow to the regime but again , Damascus has shown its resilience , so I think maybe we need to keep this in perspective , " Abdullah told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  Although this is a blow , I 'm sure the regime will continue to show fortitude at least in the near future . " The king said the attack shows "  cracks " in the regime , but his larger concern is the growing sectarian violence and whether it may lead to all-out civil war . Getting to know Syria 's first family He said the danger of civil war is increasing , and it is al-Assad 's last chance to try to stop that from happening . "  If it breaks down , if civil order breaks down to the point of no return , it will take years to fix Syria . I have a feeling we 're seeing the signs of that . The only people that can bring us back from that brink is the president and the regime . This is the last chance they have . " The king said the international community is continuing to pursue all options involving a political transition , but that recent events made him concerned about whether they could work . "  I think , as we continue to pursue the political option , the realities on the ground may have overtaken us , " he said . "  Therefore I think the clock is ticking . I think we should continue to give politics its due , but if we have n't already passed that window , I think we 're getting very close to a  civil war  . " Abdullah said he and other leaders are concerned about Syria 's chemical weapons . "  One of the worst-case scenarios , as we are trying to look for political solutions , would be if some of those chemical stockpiles would fall into unfriendly hands , " he said . What we need to know about Syria Jordan 's leader said that the big concern is whether the weapons could fall into the hands of groups like al Qaeda , which he said he believes is operating in parts of Syria . And he said not knowing who exactly is on which side complicates matters , including discussions of arming the rebels . Blitzer asked the king whether he thought it would be acceptable for al-Assad to flee to another country or if he wanted him to be tried for war crimes . "  If Bashar leaving the scene and exiting Syria brings a stop to the violence and creates a political transition -- that 's a lesser of evils , " he said . Abdullah said the international community must consider that , if al-Assad were to leave , questions would arise over who would replace him and how that might affect the restoration of order in Syria . "  It 's not so much the individual , it 's the system , and does the system allow for political transition ? " Abdullah said . "  And that 's where I have my doubts . " Next for Syria : Showdown or stalemate ? Watch The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer weekdays at 4pm to 6pm ET and Saturdays at 6pm ET . For the latest from The Situation Room click here .	King Abdullah II says he does n't expect al-Assad regime to crumble immediately He says only the Syrian president can stop the country from sliding into civil war If civil order breaks down completely , he says , "  it will take years to fix Syria " He raises concerns that Syria 's chemical weapons might fall into terrorist hands
CNN Student News  -- February 23 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • New Zealand • Libya • Bahrain Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : It is Wednesday , February 23rd , and we have a lot of international stories to tell you about today on CNN Student News . My name is Carl Azuz . We 're starting off in New Zealand . First Up : Earthquake in New Zealand AZUZ : The earthquake that jolted the South Pacific country yesterday left one of its biggest cities in ruins . Christchurch , located on New Zealand 's east coast , was badly shaken during lunch hour . It was a 6.3-magnitude quake , followed by strong aftershocks , and it was heartbreaking , according to New Zealand 's prime minister . Dozens are dead . Parts of the city , as we said , are in ruins . Rescuers are streaming in from all over the country and all over the region , rescue being the nation 's top priority at this point . 80 percent of Christchurch is without power and phone lines are down , making communication challenging for many survivors . This quake was actually an aftershock itself , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . New Zealand 's been rattled by a series of earthquakes since last September . This one was the worst , causing what could be New Zealand 's darkest day , according to its leader . Yacht Hijacking AZUZ : What started off as an around-the-world boating trip ended in tragedy on Tuesday . Four Americans were shot and killed by pirates who hijacked their ship in the Indian Ocean last week . The U.S. military says 19 pirates were involved in the hijacking . Four of them were killed . The other 15 , captured . In these photos , you can see the ship , a 58-foot yacht called the Quest , along with its owners , Jean and Scott Adams . The couple , with two friends , changed course during their boating rally . They ended up in a part of the Indian Ocean where a lot of pirate attacks happen . Zain Verjee talked with a security expert to get an idea of how these pirates work . Here 's part of that conversation . BEGIN VIDEO ZAIN VERJEE , CNN INTERNATIONAL ANCHOR : Just walk someone through how pirates hijack ships and , geographically , what do they do and then where do they end up ? TIM HART , MARITIME UNDERWATER SECURITY CONSULTANTS : OK , well , pirates are predominantly based in the area called Puntland , which is this area here . It 's in the the northeast area of Somalia . And realistically , what they 'll do is they 'll base themselves out of the pirate towns using mother ships , but disperse themselves . But they 'll move further out into the Indian Ocean using these mother ships until they can find suitable targets . And some groups will obviously go further north , as we can see . And some will go further down south and stick to the coast of Tanzania or deep into the Indian Ocean . What they 'll do is they 'll move further out , they 'll identify the targets and use these small attack skiffs to try and get on board . Once they 've got on board and they 've seized control of the vessel and the crew , they 'll take the ships back to the anchorages off the coast of Somalia , and they 'll sit there and negotiate with the shipping companies to pay a multi-million dollar ransom . END VIDEO I.D. ME JOHN LISK , CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me ! I 'm a country that borders the Mediterranean Sea . I 'm home to part of the Sahara Desert . You 'll find me in northern Africa , between Tunisia and Egypt . We 're talking about Libya , a country the CIA characterizes as "  an authoritarian state . " Libya Unrest AZUZ : Protesters in Libya have been speaking out against that authoritarian government for more than a week now , and the government has reportedly responded with force . A human rights group says at least 200 people have been killed in violence there . The target of the protests is Libya 's leader , Moammar Gadhafi . He 's been in power more for more than forty years , as we told you yesterday . Protesters are calling on Gadhafi to step down . But during a speech yesterday , he refused . Colonel Gadhafi actually urged Libyans to go out and demonstrate for him . Ben Wedeman filed this report from one of the areas in Libya where Gadhafi 's government is no longer in control . BEGIN VIDEO BEN WEDEMAN , CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : We were able to go to the city of Tobruk in eastern Libya , where we saw that , despite what Colonel Gadhafi is saying , he is not in control of the eastern part of the country . There 's no army , no police on the streets . The anti-Gadhafi protesters have been able to burn down the police station , burn down party headquarters , burn down the intelligence headquarters . They are in open revolt . Some of the protesters telling us they not only want to overthrow the regime of Moammar Gadhafi , they want to see him killed or put on trial in the international court of The Hague . We also heard from some people that they have a plan to cut the export of oil from eastern Libya . Eastern Libya is where much of Libya 's oil comes from . And this , they say , they will do unless the massacres , as they describe them , committed by the Gadhafi regime are put to an end . Otherwise , the situation in the heart of the country seems fairly calm . Gas stations are open and some stores are open . Although clearly , people are not going about their normal lives . One of the big concerns here is that the Libyan Air Force , which has been used against protesters in Tripoli , could be used again in this area to punish the people of eastern Libya for trying to overthrow the regime of Moammar Gadhafi . I 'm Ben Wedeman , CNN , reporting from eastern Libya . END VIDEO Rallies in Bahrain AZUZ : "  No Shia , no Sunni , only Bahraini . " That was the chant from this massive crowd marching through the streets of Bahrain 's capital on Tuesday . Shia and Sunni are two of the main sects of Islam . In the Middle Eastern nation of Bahrain , the majority of the population is Shia , while the rulers are Sunni . Protesters there have been calling for change in their country 's government . And some are saying that those Sunni rulers need to go . The king of Bahrain has met with some of the leaders of the groups that are against him and his government . And he 's been taking steps to reform the country . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Sowa 's social studies class at Memorial Middle School in Albany , Oregon ! Which of these animals is a reptile ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  Sea turtle , B  Frog , C  Salamander or D  Electric eel ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! A sea turtle was the only reptile we listed . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Creative for a Cause AZUZ : Most sea turtles , including the loggerhead species , are endangered . But a group of 8th grade art students got the chance to meet one in person recently . This was part of a class project that started with a field trip and ended with a fundraiser that might help save some of these renowned reptiles . Take a look at this . BEGIN VIDEO SARAH MURRAY , GEORGIA AQUARIUM BIOLOGIST : They 're an intricate part of the chain out there , the wildlife out there . We would just hate to lose this species completely . They 're part of the balance , for sure . Without them , then a piece would be missing . Good morning , guys ! Welcome to the Georgia Aquarium ! Loggerhead sea turtles are endangered . Unfortunately , a lot of their habitats are getting destroyed along the beaches where they like to make nests . KENNETH DAVIS , 8TH GRADER : It was the first time I ever saw a sea turtle in person . When we came there , he was so excited to see us . QUAHMAYLA BROOKS , 8TH GRADER : Sea turtles are actually not only important , but they are really magnificent to look at the way they are in the water . KATY KING , DAVIS MIDDLE SCHOOL ART TEACHER : And what are some of the reasons why they are becoming endangered or why they are endangered ? Ansley , name one . ANSLEY , 8TH GRADE STUDENT : Because we keep on destroying their habitat . SAMANTHA GODWIN , 8TH GRADER : We 're gathering sketches of Murphy over here , and we 're going to make these little clay models that we are going to sell so that we can raise money to actually adopt some sea turtles . DAVIS : I really think it 's going to help make a difference because , not only for us , maybe other schools will say , "  this pretty much is a good idea , we probably should do the same . " You do n't have to be a certain age to help out sea turtles that are endangered . KHAYREE ACKLIN , 8TH GRADER : I really did n't think I would be actually doing a project of something that is important to the world . MURRAY : I think it 's awesome . I mean , having 8th graders take such a stance and an initiative to write letters to Congress and to care about these animals , I think it 's absolutely great . We need all the help we can get . KING : I can teach the kids that we are a voice for change , that we can make people aware . And I think that 's the purpose of an educator , is to make kids know that . MURRAY : They should want them for their children , as well . They should want them around for future generations , to come for their great-great-grandchildren . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , it might seem a little early to be talking about a presidential race . But do n't tell that to these guys . They 're not running for the White House . They 're campaigning to be one of the racing presidents for Major League Baseball 's Washington Nationals . Washington , Jefferson , Lincoln : These monumental mascots are certainly at the head of the class when it comes to presidential pedigree . And after spending a season rounding the bases ... Goodbye AZUZ : ... they 'll be in great shape to make a presidential run . They just better make sure they follow the rules , though , 'cause no one will root for a commander in cheat . Okay , we 're gon na strike up another edition of CNN Student News for you tomorrow . Hope you all have a great day . Talk to you then .	Learn about the devastation caused by a powerful earthquake in New Zealand Contrast the political unrest unfolding in the nations of Libya and Bahrain Discover how some art students plan to use their creativity for a cause Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Washington  CNN  -- Citing a "  deficit of trust " in government by the American people , President Obama 's first State of the Union address urged Congress to erode the influence of special interests and work together to confront the nation 's most pressing problems . In the nationally televised speech Wednesday night to a joint session of Congress , Obama sought to reassure Americans angry and nervous about the pace of economic recovery that his government understands the challenges and would act boldly to meet them . Obama called for a new political climate of "  common sense " approaches that invest in the American people without building "  a mountain of debt . " Highlights of the speech "  We have to recognize that we face more than a deficit of dollars right now . We face a deficit of trust -- deep and corrosive doubts about how Washington works that have been growing for years , " Obama said . Key areas where Obama wants to build that trust include : the economy , education , energy , health care and national security . Democrats applauded the remarks of their party 's leader . "  He outlined a road map that , if followed with bipartisan support in Congress , can reduce our deficit , rebuild our economy and create a new foundation of prosperity for American families and businesses , " said Sen. Tom Harkin , D-Iowa . "  It was a serious speech -- reached out to Republicans , " said Rep. Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , the House majority leader . iReport : Share your views on the speech Republicans , however , were skeptical of Obama 's ability to change the partisan atmosphere in Washington . "  Real bipartisanship requires more than just lip service ; it demands both sides coming together in a real and meaningful way . It 's time for the administration to abandon this big-government agenda and start working in a meaningful way with Republicans to find common-sense solutions to move the country forward , " said Sen. Orrin Hatch , R-Utah . "  I would have liked to have seen him emphasize reaching out to the other side of the aisle and bringing us together , " said Sen. George Voinovich , R-Ohio . Read more reaction to address Analysts , too , were mixed in their reactions to what Obama had to say Wednesday night . CNN political contributor John Avlon said Obama was targeting independents with his remarks , but questioned his success . "  They still hear The Who 's ` Wo n't Get Fooled Again ' in the back of their minds , " Avlon said . Democratic strategist James Carville said Obama made progress . "  He picked up a first down tonight , " Carville said . And a post-speech opinion poll shows a divided public . A CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey indicated that 48 percent of speech watchers had a very positive reaction , with three in 10 saying they had a somewhat positive response and 21 percent with a negative response . See full results of poll The 48 percent who indicated they had a very positive response is down 20 points from the 68 percent of speech watchers who felt the same way a year ago about the president 's February 24 primetime address to a joint session of Congress . "  Wednesday night 's State of the Union audience is more Democratic than the nation as a whole , but speech-watchers were less Democratic this year than they were last year , " said Keating Holland , CNN polling director . "  That may be one reason why the number who gave his speech a ` very positive ' rating is lower this year . But part of the reason also may be that speech-watchers did n't necessarily hear a new agenda and are n't confident that the president can improve health care or lower the deficit . "	Obama says he wants to close "  deficit of trust " with American people Democrats say president hits right areas with speech Republicans say Obama does n't go far enough to reach across aisle
CNN  -- In the immediate aftermath of the Oregon school shooting , Chelsea Cooper turned to social media to express concern for her brother . "  Praying for everyone at Reynolds ! " she posted on Facebook . "  My little brother is still there & I 'm freakin out ! I hate being states away :- So stressful ! . " Her brother , Jared Padgett , 15 , was a freshman at Reynolds High School in Troutdale . Cooper 's fears about her brother were realized , but likely not in the way she imagined . Padgett was the shooter who killed another student and apparently took his own life , police said . Police found the teen 's body in a restroom , law enforcement officials said . His victim , Emilio Hoffman , 14 , was also a freshman . He was shot and killed in a locker room . The motive behind the shooting is under investigation . On social media he claimed to be a fan of heavy metal and weapons , but those who knew Padgett describe him in terms that do n't appear to fit the profile of killer . During seventh and eighth grades , Padgett took part in track and field at Reynolds Middle School . He was also a member of the Junior Reserve Officers ' Training Corps . A former teacher and coach there called him "  a leader . " "  He was a hard worker and wanted to please everyone , " the teacher said through tears . "  He was just a good kid . " The teacher said Padgett idolized his older brother who was serving in the military . Padgett 's Facebook page reveals few clues , but does show that he was a fan of weapons and heavy metal music . His "  likes " that he shared with his Facebook friends included knife and gun manufacturers , as well as makers of body armor . According to his profile , he was a fan of first-person shooter video games , and deathcore , metalcore and Christian metal bands . Before Padgett 's fate was known , his sister 's friends tried to offer words of comfort on Facebook . "  I am praying for him to be okay , " one friend posted . "  They keep saying the shooter is dead but I wan na know who it is !!! I 'm so stressed right now , " Cooper responded . They joked that Jared needed to get a cell phone after the incident was over so they could get in touch with him easier . The chain of comments ended around midday Tuesday , a few hours after the shooting took place . A closer look : How many school shootings since Newtown	Jared Padgett was a member of the JROTC His sister publicly wondered about his well-being on Facebook He was a fan of guns and heavy metal , according to his Facebook page Padgett killed Emilio Hoffman , 14 , before killing himself , police say
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Gerry Adams ' arrest in connection with the 1972 abduction and killing of a mother of 10 by the Irish Republican Army is being praised by the family of the victim . Jean McConville 's daughter , Helen McKendry , told CNN that the arrest was a welcome step in the family 's long struggle to find justice . "  There 's been silence over my mother 's murder for 22 years and then I went public , and then we got her body back in 2003 and gave her a proper burial . Now we have learned Gerry Adams has been arrested in connection with the murder , " McKendry said . "  I can only do like everyone else in my case and hope that he will be brought to a court of law and be charged with my mother 's murder , so my family can get truth and justice for my mother . " Adams has long denied having any role in the death of McConville , a widowed mother of 10 who was reportedly killed by the IRA because the group believed she was a spy for the British army . The Sinn Fein leader continued to be questioned Thursday , a day after he surrendered himself to police , his party said . Martin McGuinness , a Sinn Fein member and the Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland , told reporters in Belfast that the arrest was unnecessary , unjustified and politically motivated . He said he had seen the "  dark side " of Northern Ireland policing "  flex its muscles in the course of the past couple of days " and that the arrest was a " ` deliberate attempt to influence the elections that are due to take place in three weeks ' time . " McGuinness said he was confident that Adams would be able to rejoin election campaigning shortly and would "  continue to lead our party in a very positive way . " ` Take away the fear ' McKendry said she hoped that the progress made in the peace process in recent years would make it more likely that charges could be brought over her mother 's death . "  I do think that there would be people willing to come forward when they take away the fear , and will come forward to help , " she said . "  A lot of the members of the IRA have approached myself and my husband and spoke about what happened and a lot of them did not agree with what happened . A lot of them wanted to see Gerry Adams stand trial for this . " Earlier , her brother , Michael McConville , echoed her words . "  The McConville family is glad to see police are taking our mother 's murder seriously and are doing all they can to bring the people that murdered her to justice , " he said . "  An awful lot of people in the north and south of Ireland are glad to see Gerry Adams being arrested for this . " Adams : I am innocent of abduction , killing In a statement released shortly before the Sinn Fein leader surrendered himself for questioning Wednesday , Adams , 65 , vehemently denied any involvement in the killing . "  I believe that the killing of Jean McConville and the secret burial of her body was wrong and a grievous injustice , " Adams said in the statement posted on his party website . "  Malicious allegations have been made against me . I reject these . " The questioning of Adams was not unexpected . Adams said he told authorities last month that he was willing to meet with investigators . "  While I have never disassociated myself from the IRA and I never will , I am innocent in the abduction , killing or burial of Mrs. McConville , " Adams said . Long associated with the IRA , once considered the armed wing of Sinn Fein , Adams is a prominent Catholic politician who helped broker peace in Northern Ireland . Today , Sinn Fein is Ireland 's second-largest opposition party . The Police Service of Northern Ireland said a 65-year-old man , whom it declined to identify but described as a suspect in the McConville case , remained in custody Thursday . Single gunshot wound Northern Ireland is part of the United Kingdom , and Protestant loyalists wanted to keep it that way . Catholics were fighting to force the British out and reunite the north with the rest of Ireland . Known as the Troubles , the conflict lasted 30 years , ending in 1998 with the Good Friday Agreement that brokered peace . The agreement provided a political framework for power-sharing among the parties . The IRA admitted in 1999 to killing a number of people who have become known as "  The Disappeared " -- those who vanished during the Troubles . Among the victims was McConville , whose remains were found partially buried on a beach in County Louth in 2003 . She died of a single gunshot wound to the back of the head . McConville , 38 , was taken from her home in Belfast in December 1972 , McKendry told CNN in a 2012 interview . "  They came about tea time and they dragged her out of the bathroom and dragged her out , " said McKendry , who was a teenager at the time . "  All I ever wanted was to know the reason why they killed my mother . " The investigation into McConville 's killing was revived by authorities after the release , following a protracted legal battle , of certain interviews given by members of the IRA , who implicated Adams . The recordings were made by Boston College as part of the Belfast Project , which is a collection of interviews conducted with former Northern Irish paramilitary fighters . They provide an oral history of the decades of fighting . How tapes made by U.S. library could solve N. Ireland murder Participants in the project were told their recorded interviews would be kept secret until their deaths . Last year a U.S. court ruled that tapes of deceased interviewees that contained claims about the killing be given by Boston College to police in Northern Ireland . One of those featured in the tapes was Brendan Hughes , a now-deceased former commander of the Irish Republican Army . Gerry Adams arrested for questioning over 1972 IRA slaying Peter Taggart reported from Belfast , Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London and Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	Daughter welcomes Gerry Adams ' arrest , wants to see him brought before a court Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness says Adams ' arrest is politically motivated Adams has vehemently denied any involvement in the widow 's 1972 killing He has described her killing and secret burial as "  wrong and a grievous injustice "
CNN  -- It 's the question Edin Dzeko is constantly asked . "  You ask me again about war ... " sighs the 28-year-old , rolling his eyes and smiling as he enjoys a rare moment of peace outside Bosnia-Herzegovina 's team hotel in the picturesque suburb of Ilidza . Perhaps the line of questioning is understandable given that just a short drive away is Dzeko 's home city of Sarajevo , where the national hero lived throughout the Bosnian War which raged between 1992 and 1995 . The war in Bosnia left tens of thousands dead , and hundreds of thousands displaced . But just as the bullet holes which still riddle this land represent a gruesome past , Dzeko and his teammates have become symbols of a different more optimistic future . For the first time in its short history , Bosnia is off to the World Cup . "  I never thought I would be where I am now , " Dzeko , who played a key role in Manchester City 's 2013-14 English Premier League title triumph , told CNN . Dzeko 's early years were played out against the devastating backdrop of the consequences of a brutal internecine conflict . "  I started to play football when I was about 10 , my father brought me to one school because there were more pitches where we could play . Everything was destroyed after the war . " In previous interviews Dzeko has spoken of how his family home was destroyed and he was forced to live in his grandparents ' house with 15 of his relatives . His mother once inadvertently saved his life , calling him inside seconds before the land he was playing on was hit by bombs . The siege of Sarajevo followed the break-up of the former Yugoslavia , with conflict erupting between the ethnic groups which make up Bosnia -- chiefly Bosnian Muslims , Croats and Serbs . Modern-day Bosnia is an independent state , although still under international administration . "  I was here all the time during the war and I know what it is , but I think we came out stronger , " explains Dzeko . "  We want to show the world that even if you go through some bad periods , you always have to think positive just to go forward . "  Some people had a very hard life , we are still making positives and I think that 's amazing . " Amid the bombs and bullets , Dzeko forged an unlikely path to the top . After signing his first professional contract in Bosnia , the young striker earned a move to Teplice in the Czech Republic before getting his big break with VFL Wolfsburg in the German Bundesliga . He became one of the hottest properties in European football during a prolific spell which saw him score 67 Bundesliga goals in three-and-a-half seasons , with City winning the race for his signature after paying Wolfsburg a reported $ 45 million in January 2011 . While Dzeko carries echoes of the fighting wherever he goes , other members of the Bosnia squad had a different experience . Asmir Begovic and his family left Trebinje , 80 miles south of Sarajevo , and headed to Germany before immigrating to Canada . Aged four when his family relocated , Begovic has no memories of the conflict which engulfed his homeland . "  And it 's probably better so , " the 26-year-old goalkeeper , who plays in England for Stoke City . "  I mean it 's obviously very bad memories , very bad experiences for some of my other family members who have been around and stayed for the war . "  I left when I was a boy , so I really do n't remember much from the past . "  As I 've gotten older I 've educated myself a little on the situation and what happened , drawn on experiences from my family members and friends , who lived through it and it was just a very unpleasant experience as people can imagine . "  For our quality of life as a family , just being able to be safe in a different country meant a lot to us . " Although Begovic 's life abroad has left its mark on his voice -- he speaks perfect English with a slight North American accent -- he insists his upbringing was distinctly Bosnian . "  I 've always been very close to the country , " he says . "  When the opportunity came it was a fantastic thing for myself and my family to do , I could n't wait to put on a Bosnia shirt and I have n't really looked back since . " Neither has Bosnia 's national football team . Since an inauspicious first official international match in November 1995 -- a 2-0 reverse away to Albania -- "  The Dragons " have gone from strength to strength . Bids to qualify for the 2010 World Cup and the 2012 European Championships fell agonizingly short , with Portugal ending the team 's hopes at the playoff stage of both qualification competitions . But , on October 15 , 2013 in the Lithuanian capital city of Vilnius , a goal from striker Vedad Ibisevic sealed a 1-0 win for Safet Susic 's Bosnia and passage to Brazil 2014 . Cue wild celebrations on the streets of Sarajevo , with the team flying home to be greeted by 50,000 ecstatic Bosnian football fans . "  I am proud of this team that we achieved some great things , that we did some things that nobody could do it before us , " said Dzeko . "  When you see 50,000 there waiting for you , then you know you did something good . " "  We 've learned from our past , we 've learned from our failures and I think we 've definitely grown as a team and we 've been able to overcome that final hurdle now , " added Begovic . "  To receive such an ovation and such a reception from our people , being able to celebrate with them is what qualifying and being able to qualify for major tournaments is all about . "  It 's something we have all accomplished together . " Now Rio de Janeiro 's iconic Maracana Stadium awaits . At the arena first built for the 1950 World Cup and lavishly redeveloped for Brazil 's second hosting of the tournament , Bosnia will take its bow against a Lionel Messi-led Argentina . African Cup of Nations winners Nigeria and Iran are the other two teams which make up a tough Group F. "  I 'm very much looking forward to it , " says Begovic , who will be trying to keep out four-time FIFA Ballon d'Or winner Messi . "  That 's what football is all about , being able to work your whole life to get to a World Cup and then playing against one of the biggest football countries in the world in the opening game . "  Obviously we 're massive underdogs , so we 've got nothing to lose in that game , we can go there with an open mind and see how we can beat them . "  It 's going to be a huge challenge , but I believe in the quality of our team and we can cause Argentina problems . " With players like Begovic and Dzeko , not to mention Roma playmaker Miralem Pjanic , Bosnia have players capable of upsetting the odds . And in Dzeko , they also have a leader who is determined to show how far his country has come in the last 20 years . "  I love this country , I love my country , " he said . "  I am very happy that I am born here and I am very happy that I know that I will always , always come back here . "  I think we all just ca n't wait for this World Cup to start . " Interactive : Take the pulse of the 2014 World Cup	Bosnia-Herzegovina will play at the World Cup for the first time in its short history First major tournament the team has played at since gaining independence in 1992 Manchester City striker Edin Dzeko is the biggest star in a team Bosnia will play in Group F , alongside Argentina , Nigeria and Iran
CNN  -- Uruguay hero Fernando Muslera was delighted after his team stunned hosts Argentina in a penalty shootout to reach the semifinals of the Copa America tournament , despite having a player sent off . The goalkeeper saved a spot-kick by striker Carlos Tevez to earn "  La Celeste " a clash with Peru , who beat Colombia 2-0 after extra-time in Cordoba earlier on Saturday . The Uruguayans , who reached the last four at the 2010 World Cup , will be seeking to make the Copa final for the first time since 1999 when they line up in La Plata on Tuesday . The upset victory against close neighbors Argentina came exactly 61 years after Uruguay won the World Cup by stunning Brazil in Rio de Janeiro 's Maracana stadium . Peru shock Colombia to reach last four "  We are very , very happy to make such a big step in the tournament , " Muslera , 25 , told reporters . "  I hope I have just played one of the best matches in my short career . I 'm very happy for all the people in Uruguay . This team deserves this win . "  We were better than Argentina , even playing with 10 men . Then , penalties are just a matter of luck . " His teammate Diego Lugano added : "  We fought more than we played . There is a long way to go yet . We have not achieved anything , but we defeated the most difficult rival . " Has Argentine football reached crisis point ? Uruguay shocked the home crowd in Santa Fe when Diego Perez scored in the fifth minute after goalkeeper Sergio Romero dived to block Martin Caceres ' header from a free-kick by Diego Forlan . Striker Gonzalo Higuain equalized 12 minutes later from a cross by Lionel Messi in a move combining the stars of rival Spanish clubs Real Madrid and Barcelona . Perez went from hero to villain just when he received a second booking six minutes before halftime , but Argentina could not capitalize on the numerical advantage -- which was leveled just before the end of regulation play when midfielder Javier Mascherano was also sent off for a second yellow card . Higuain could have won it in extra-time but hit the post with only Muslera in his way , and the goalkeeper took center stage in the shootout when he saved Argentina 's third attempt from substitute Tevez . Uruguay won it 5-4 with successful spot-kicks from Forlan , Luis Suarez , Andres Scotti , Walter Gargano and Caceres . River Plate 's fate a warning to Latin American giants Messi , Nicolas Burdisso , sub Javier Pastore and Higuain were on target for Argentina , runners-up the last two times in 2003 and 2007 and winners most recently in 1991 and 1993 . Coach Sergio Batista said he had no intention of resigning just five months after taking over team affairs on a permanent basis . "  That 's not on my mind , the pain of defeat is here , but you have to keep working , " he told reporters . "  When my work began ... we were intending to win the Copa America , but our main goal is the World Cup . I do not think it was a failure , we did everything possible to try to win the cup , but we could n't . Failure is a very strong word , we worked to win the competition . " In Sunday 's quarterfinals , defending champions Brazil take on Paraguay in La Plata and Chile play Venezuela in San Juan .	Uruguay to play Peru in semifinals of Copa America after eliminating hosts Argentina Quarterfinal ended 1-1 as both teams had a player sent off , one in each half Goalkeeper Fernando Muslera saves from Carlos Tevez as Uruguay win penalty shootout Peru went through earlier on Saturday , beating Colombia 2-0 after extra-time
CNN  -- Texas on Friday became the latest state to sue BP , Halliburton and others tied to the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill , alleging the parties "  engaged in willful and wanton misconduct " and seeking penalties and damages "  to the fullest extent allowed by law . " The lawsuit was filed in U.S. District Court in Beaumont , more than three years after one of the worst oil spills in American history . Listed defendants include Transocean , Halliburton and Anadarko , in addition to BP America . Texas is not the first state to file such a lawsuit . Florida , for instance , did so last month , joining several other Gulf states . The Texas Attorney General 's office , in a news release Friday , said the state expects "  its case to be consolidated " with others -- all of them intent on recouping "  damages associated with harm caused to the Gulf . " The Texas lawsuit asks for money from BP and other parties for a host of reasons . They include sales and hotel occupancy taxes that the state did n't receive , it contends , because visitors and others did n't go to its Gulf Coast communities due to the spill , as well as "  lost " revenue for state park entrance and concession fees . The lawsuit also asks for civil penalties for every barrel as well as every day that oil was discharged into the Gulf . The disaster began with a rig explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon in the Gulf of Mexico , killing 11 workers . It took nearly three months to stop the gushing oil , which was done by placing a cap on the well nearly a mile beneath the water 's surface . By then , though , the discharge had already caused major environmental damage , not to mention significantly affecting Gulf Coast economies . The spill damaged coral reef formations , according to researchers . Scientists have previously confirmed that a plume of hydrocarbons from the well settled in the deep Gulf . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said about 59,200 barrels of oil a day flowed from the well . In November , Attorney General Eric Holder announced that BP will plead guilty to manslaughter charges stemming from the explosion and the spill . It agreed to pay $ 4.5 billion in government penalties . A month later , a federal judge signed off on BP 's settlement with businesses and people hard hit by the spill . Thousands of businesses and individuals made claims in Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , some coastal counties in eastern Texas and western Florida and adjacent Gulf waters and bays . BP estimated a settlement of about $ 7.8 billion paid from a $ 20 billion trust . With the exception of seafood claims , there is no cap on the amount BP will pay to those who agree to the settlement . But that did n't fully settle the incident , as a number of states continue to press for damages . Texas , for one , does n't specify in its lawsuit how much money it is seeking . Tom Kelley , a spokesman for that state 's attorney general , said there is no estimate as to how much the state is seeking -- or might receive -- adding "  any damage amounts in this case would be determined by a jury verdict or final settlement . " Florida sues BP , Halliburton on spill 's third anniversary CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Texas sues in federal court seeking unspecified damages , penalties from BP and others The lawsuit relates to the months-long 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill The Texas lawsuit claims the defendants "  engaged in willful and wanton misconduct "
CNN  -- If the U.S. election race conjures up images of mud flying through the air for many Japanese , campaigning politicians in the Land of the Rising Sun evoke visions of a more white-gloved affair . Japan 's politics are as Machiavellian as anyone else 's behind closed doors , but their public campaigns are demure compared to the United States -- and many in Tokyo are aghast at the negative campaign tactics used on the road to the White House . Japan has plenty on its mind these days . The country is wrangling with questions about how to rebuild its tsunami-devastated coast , what to do with its idled nuclear reactors , and whether a tax hike will solve its economic woes , so it 's no surprise if people in Tokyo are n't riveted to the lead-up to the U.S. elections . But the U.S. is important to Japan 's economy and to Japan 's increasingly rocky relationship with North Korea , so people are not ignoring it completely -- even if U.S. politics falls somewhere below the ` retirement ' of a young pop idol in the morning shows ' news order . For those not up on their Japanese pop , Atsuko Maeda 's surprise announcement that she was leaving mega-pop idol group AKB48 in March got as much breathless coverage in Tokyo , maybe more , than Rick Santorum garnered in the U.S. press for his decision to exit stage right of the 2012 Republican primaries . In the 2008 Democratic primaries , Japanese observers saw Hillary Clinton as a powerful and intriguing former first lady , but it was Barack Obama 's historic run that got even more attention when a small coastal city that happened to bear his name formed the "  Obama for Obama " support group . Japan watched the group cheer as the Super Tuesday election results came in 2008 . They still make sweet steamed bean buns , called manju , with Barack Obama 's picture on them and have announced plans to erect a statue of him in town . The idea that whoever won the 2008 Democratic nomination would make history was exciting for the Japanese . This time around , most people see the current field of Republican hopefuls as a noisy blur , an only-in-America phenomenon -- or a "  matsuri , " as one woman described it , in reference to Japan 's colorful , oft-chaotic outdoor festivals . The notion that American campaigning is a complicated "  show " was mentioned repeatedly by the people I spoke to , and Twitter is filled with Japanese observers likening U.S. politics to "  watching a movie " . One thing that adds to the unreality of it is the issues at play . While there are right-wing parties in Japan , their focus tends to be a noisy brand of nationalism , rather than the emphasis on religious values embraced by Republican candidates like Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum . The major newspapers have recently carried election primers on the role of Mormonism and evangelical Christianity in the election . One such piece asked : "  What is this ` evangelical Christianity ' we hear about in the U.S. elections ? " Religion simply is n't as loud a voice in Japanese politics as it is in the American election race . Read more : Election postcard from Paris Not that the U.S. has any kind of monopoly on noise . Rules dating back to the 1950s heavily restrict how Japanese politicians can campaign . These laws prevent candidates from taking to Twitter or updating their websites during the 12-day campaign period . In that short time , white-gloved candidates drive around waving from their campaign cars , repeating their names and asking for votes over loudspeakers attached to the car roofs . Japanese candidates park their cars at intersections with heavy foot traffic and make speeches with microphones plugged into portable amps in front of some of the busiest train stations in the world . While small crowds do gather , people generally tolerate the racket only grudgingly . When a British man was arrested last spring for grabbing a microphone from a candidate in front of a train station in a Tokyo suburb and shouting , "  Japanese elections are too noisy , " he found an outpouring of support online from Japanese people who were also quietly fed up with the racket . Many Japanese are intrigued by the idea of the U.S. candidates ' debates . The handyman in my Tokyo flat complex told me the debates are the reason that he thinks the US election process is "  better than Japan 's . " "  The debates are on TV , right ? That gives everyone a chance to listen to the candidates , understand what they believe , and then make up their minds , " he said . "  We do n't have anything like that , so we do n't know as much about who the candidates actually are before we vote . " Those who watch the elections more closely view the debates and the hoopla around them more warily . One Japanese student told me : "  What 's good about the ` show ' side of the debates is that it gets more people to watch . But ultimately you do n't know if you 're getting the candidate 's own views or just hearing what his team of strategists came up with . It 's easy for people to be manipulated by the politicians and the people behind them . " Many Japanese people say that they do n't fully understand the U.S. election system , and I am quick to reassure them that many of us Americans would n't want to be tested on it , either . But they have the sense that the American elections are more direct , and that the U.S. is therefore a more representative democracy . Read more : Election postcard from Cairo Japan has a symbolic emperor and a parliament , and citizens do not directly elect their leader . There are no primaries ; party leaders choose candidates . Since the campaign season is so short , they often look for candidates who will have good name recognition . This is why the less-powerful Upper House of the Diet often hosts a cast of minor celebrities including TV anchors , talk show commentators -- and even a handful of pro-wrestlers . The most colorful of these was Atsushi Onita , who did n't shy from mentioning his signature "  thunder fire powerbomb " move in the Diet . The need for name recognition is one reason why political seats are seemingly passed down within families . The handyman explained , "  When a politician 's son or daughter runs for office , we say , ` Oh , that 's so-and-so 's kid , he 'll do , ' without giving it too much more thought . " He 's clearly not the only one who thinks this way -- a study in 2009 found that a quarter of Diet members and almost half of the LDP legislators at the time were the children of former politicians . Even if the American election itself seems inscrutable to Japanese voters , the result -- a leader who is in office for at least four years -- looks good . Japan has had four prime ministers since Obama won the 2008 election , and the margin for error is thin . The Ph.D. student says , "  Fixed terms in the U.S. mean that even a sloppy start can be redeemed , but in Japan , they dissolve the Diet easily , so they ca n't recover from mistakes . " As Japan slowly rebuilds after the earthquake , calls are growing for a system with a stronger , more directly elected leader and a more efficient system of government . Japan will be looking at what parts of the U.S. system it might want to draw from and what it could improve . And until then , Tokyo will be looking up from its smartphones once in awhile at the American political matsuri .	While Japanese campaigns are more civilized , the Japanese enjoy the more boisterous U.S. election race The Japanese city of Obama formed the "  Obama for Obama " group in 2008 Religion is n't as loud a voice in Japanese politics as it is in America , reports Barron
Interrogators do n't expect to have it easy with Ahmed Abu Khatallah , a Washington law enforcement official told CNN . The suspected mastermind of the 2012 attack on the U.S. mission in Benghazi , Libya , has had time to rehearse his story , the official said . But an expert who has interrogated al Qaeda operatives thinks there 's a good chance Abu Khatallah will crack , if interrogators punch the right buttons . Others have done so before him . "  Some were motivated by the uncertainty of the situations . Others were motivated , as they called it ,  by  fatigue with the jihad life , " former Navy intelligence agent Robert McFadden said . What 's next ? The capture Months of intelligence research went into Abu Khatallah 's capture , Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , said Wednesday night . Then U.S. Special Forces slipped into Libya by sea over the weekend to nab him . With FBI agents by their sides , the Special Forces operatives headed to a villa south of Benghazi , a senior law enforcement official said . There , they set a trap and lured Abu Khatallah . He fell for it , and they delivered him by boat to the USS New York . They also confiscated some "  media " at the villa , which investigators will scrutinize . High seas ' a good place ' Interrogators from the FBI-led High Value Detainee Interrogation Group are on board the ship . Taking Abu Khatallah by sea , rather than by air , is giving them "  maximum time to question him , " U.S. officials said . The high seas are a good place for it to happen , McFadden said . "  It really is quite conducive to good interviews . " "  The main thing is to get the detainee , the subject , to a safe environment with a minimum of distractions . " First they 'll let a doctor check him over to make sure he was n't injured when he was captured . That should go quickly and easily , he said . Khatallah only wrestled with U.S. forces briefly . Not a shot was fired when they captured him . After the medical , it 's time to meet the interrogators . McFadden says they should prioritize information that improves national security , like tips that help disrupt plots . They should also get a roster of terrorist players and the lowdown on how they communicate . Logistical reasons The sea transport is also being done for logistical reasons . The United States would have a hard time finding countries in the region willing to allow the ship to transfer a prisoner snatched in an operation such as this . The Libyan government has decried his capture as a "  kidnapping " that violated its territorial sovereignty . Libyan Justice Minister Salah Marghani said the United States is still a friend of Libya 's , but he called for U.S. officials to loop his government in before carrying out such operations . The Libyan government asked that the United States guarantee the suspect 's safety and rights . Human Rights Watch joined that call Wednesday , asking that Abu Khatallah get access to a lawyer and appear promptly before a judge . They demanded he receive a fair trial . About that trial Once the USS New York has neared U.S. shores , officials will put Abu Khatallah into a helicopter and fly him onto land . The Obama administration has said he will face a federal trial , a position at odds with some of the President 's Republican critics , some of them calling for Abu Khatallah to be incarcerated at the U.S. military detention facility in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Prosecutors have had a lot of success with terror trials in U.S. civilian courts . Aspiring Times Square bomber Faisal Shahzad , the so-called underwear bomber Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , radical cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri and al Qaeda propagandist Sulaiman Abu Ghaith -- all were convicted and sentenced in U.S. courts . And they are but a few examples . By contrast , there have been a mere handful of Guantanamo convictions . Abu Khatallah might tell the court the same story about why he was at the U.S. mission the day a mob attacked it , killing Ambassador Christopher Stevens and IT expert Sean Smith . "  I did n't know where the place was , " he told CNN last year . "  When I heard , we went to examine the situation . When we withdrew and there was shooting with medium guns , and there were RPGs in the air and people panicked , we tried to control traffic . " But U.S. investigators have collected evidence against him for two years , and the accused will be tried on three charges in federal court that include killing while attacking a federal facility and material support of terrorism . A formal indictment is around the corner , U.S. officials said , and it will include some new charges . Opinion : Why U.S. raid in Libya is a sign of hope Opinion : Why Benghazi issue wo n't go away Benghazi attack time line Lawmaker : If CNN can interview Khatallah , why ca n't FBI ?	Terror suspect Ahmed Abu Khatallah is being held on the USS New York Interrogators will get lots of time to squeeze him for fresh terrorism intelligence Former intel official : Investigators should press him for details on plots The high seas are a good place to get him to open up , the former official said
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The U.S. military coalition in Iraq confirmed Tuesday that a business jet -- not a U.S. military aircraft -- was recently forced down in Iran due to an airspace violation . A Falcon business jet is shown in an undated file photo . "  The airplane is now being confirmed as a light transport plane with no Americans onboard , " Multi-National Forces-Iraq said in a statement issued Tuesday . "  From what we have been seeing , it was a Falcon business jet . We have accounted for all our aircraft and none are missing . " The U.S. coalition in Iraq had no information on who owned the aircraft , stressing that it was not a registered American plane . Iran 's semi-official Fars News Agency initially reported that five American military officials were on board the U.S. aircraft . But other Iranian media reports -- quoting Iranian officials -- said the aircraft was Hungarian and no Americans were on the plane . Iranian officials told Iran 's state-run Arabic language channel Al-Alam that the incident happened a week ago and that the plane was carrying humanitarian workers . Fars later changed its Farsi language report , citing other Iranian and Arab media as saying the plane was not an American aircraft Fars also initially reported that aircraft , which it called a "  Falcon fighter , " entered Iranian airspace at a low altitude from Turkey to avoid radar detection , despite repeated warnings by the Islamic Republic Air Force . It said the plane also carried three civilians . Washington is monitoring the reports , but White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said "  as far as we know  they are  totally bogus . " U.S. National Security Council Spokesman Gordon Johndroe also said there is no indication that the reports are accurate . "  We 're looking into the various and conflicting reports coming from the Iranian ` news ' agencies , but do not have any information at this time that would lead us to believe they are correct , " he said . Fars said the aircraft , which was en route to Afghanistan , was forced to land at an Iranian airport that it did not name . Fars reported that the eight people aboard were released "  after daylong interrogations " that revealed the aircraft had "  unintentionally " violated Iran 's airspace . Fars said the aircraft was later allowed to continue on to Afghanistan . Two top U.S. military officials told CNN 's Barbara Starr that no U.S. military aircraft has been forced down . The U.S. military has an F-16 Fighting Falcon , but it is a one-seat jet fighter aircraft that is used by the U.S. Air Force for air-to-air and air-to-ground combat . The Dassault Falcon is a European-made private passenger business jet that resembles a Lear jet . It can seat a crew of two and as many as 10 passengers . It 's used for passenger transport , but also has military uses . CNN 's Saad Abedine in Baghdad , Iraq ; Shirzad Bozorgmehr in Tehran , Iran ; Caroline Faraj in Dubai ; and Mike Mount in Washington contributed to this report	NEW : Iran now says aircraft was forced down a week ago There were no Americans on board the aircraft , U.S. says Iranians say they forced down plane after it violated Iranian airspace Iran had claimed aircraft was a U.S. "  Falcon fighter "
CNN  -- Last week the U.N. 's senior official for extrajudicial executions , Philip Alston , argued in a critical report and remarks delivered in Geneva , Switzerland , that the United States should explain the legal rationale for the CIA 's campaign of drone strikes in northwest Pakistan , which he characterized as "  a vaguely defined license to kill " that has created "  a major accountability vacuum . " Alston is also urging the Obama administration to disclose the number of civilians killed in the drone strikes . That is a controversial matter among the Pakistani public , less than a tenth of whom support the strikes , because of their perceived high civilian death rate . The drones ' latest important victim is Mustafa Abu al-Yazid , an Egyptian founding member of al-Qaeda who served as the group 's number three and was in charge of overseeing the group 's plots , recruitment , fundraising and internal security . While Yazid 's death is doubtless a blow to the terrorist group , al-Qaeda seems to have a stash of number threes waiting in the wings . At least eight men who have held that slot since 2001 have since ended up in jail or dead . Yazid joins three other number threes who have met their fates at the wrong end of Hellfire missiles : Muhammad Atef , Hamza Rabia and Abu Laith al-Libi . Yazid was not the only casualty from the drone strike that killed him : Reports say his wife , three daughters and a grandchild also died in the May attack in the mountainous Pakistani tribal agency of North Waziristan , a reminder that militant leaders are not the only ones to be felled by drones . According to our count , the drones program in Pakistan has reportedly killed at least 976 people since 2004 , of whom approximately two-thirds were described as militants or suspected militants in reliable press accounts , indicating that a third of the victims were not militants . The Obama administration has already authorized 90 drone strikes in and around Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas  FATA  , double the number the Bush administration authorized in its two terms in office . The accuracy of the drone strikes has improved even as the pace of the program has increased over the past two years . In 2008 , the first year the drones program picked up speed in Pakistan , an average of only 43 percent of the fatalities from the strikes were reported to be militants or suspected militants . In 2009 , that figure shot up to 62 percent , and so far in 2010 it stands at 87 percent , suggesting that the nonmilitant death rate from drone strikes has dropped to around 10 percent this year , according to our database . Overall , since Barack Obama took office , his administration 's drone strikes in Pakistan have killed an average of 71 percent militants , compared with the Bush administration 's 55 percent , according to reliable media accounts . The Obama administration drone strikes also seem to be having more success eliminating militant leaders , as at least 13 have been confirmed killed in drone attacks since Obama was inaugurated in January 2009 , compared with 16 during the Bush administration 's five years of authorizing drone strikes in Pakistan . This increase in accuracy targeting both high-level and lower-level al-Qaeda and Taliban members appears to stem from the CIA 's use of smaller missiles and increased cooperation with the United States ' Pakistani counterparts who , despite public protests about violations of their national sovereignty by the drone strikes , have quietly been sharing vital intelligence . An unnamed U.S. official commented , "  You need guys on the ground to tell you who they -LSB- the targets -RSB- are and that is n't coming from some white guy running around the FATA . " After 26 strikes in the Pakistani tribal region of South Waziristan during the first 10 months of 2009 , they halted after the start of Pakistan 's military ground operations there in mid-October 2009 , another indicator of U.S.-Pakistan cooperation about the drones program . As Pakistan gears up for operations in North Waziristan -- the last redoubt for a militant mélange that includes the Haqqani network , various factions of the Afghan and Pakistani Taliban and al-Qaeda -- the United States has fired more drone strikes than ever into this region : 37 of 2010 's 39 reported strikes have hit targets in North Waziristan . So far no drone strikes appear to have targeted Osama bin Laden , who occasionally releases audiotapes taunting the United States as he did a few weeks after the alleged botched Christmas Day attempt by an al Qaeda affiliate to blow up a Northwest Airlines passenger jet over Detroit , but who otherwise has vanished into the wilds of the Afghan-Pakistan border region . And al Qaeda 's number two official , Ayman al-Zawahiri , who was last targeted by a drone strike in January 2006 , has since then proven equally elusive . The criticism of the drone program by the United Nations official Philip Alston seems to have had little impact on the Obama administration , which is plowing ahead with drone strikes in Pakistan 's tribal regions on the grounds that they are "  effective , exact and essential . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors . The New America Foundation drones database is available here .	U.S. drone warfare claims life of al Qaeda 's number 3 leader , the 8th person to hold that position Co-authors say data shows drone strikes getting more accurate , killing fewer civilians They say Obama has stepped up drone war in northwest Pakistan U.N. official has asked U.S. to explain the legal rationale for the drone attacks
San Diego  CNN  -- Now that President Barack Obama has broken his promise to take executive action on immigration , and put off the thorny issue until after the midterm elections -- and I predict , for the remainder of his presidency -- many immigration reform advocates are angry , surprised and disappointed . I 'm none of those things . Here 's my take : When it comes to Obama and immigration , keep your expectations low . Despite what he says , do n't make the mistake of thinking that he actually supports legalizing the undocumented . Finally , whatever he says , do n't assume it 's the truth . When it comes to immigration , Obama has a long trail of half-truths and broken promises . In July 2008 , the presidential candidate told the National Council of La Raza that , if elected , he would make the issue a top priority and address it within the first 100 days . That did n't happen . White House officials then moved the goal line to , well , the first term . That did n't happen either . From 2009 to 2011 , Obama told supporters that he could n't curb deportations because he was "  not a king . " Yet , in 2012 , eager to re-engage Hispanic voters for his reelection , Obama summoned his inner monarch when he unveiled "  Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals , " which gives undocumented young people a temporary reprieve from deportation and work permits . In 2013 , Obama did another about-face and returned to his rhetoric about how he could n't act alone to stop deportations . He also gave half-hearted support to the Senate immigration bill , which would militarize the border and only legalize about half of the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the United States . Now , we 're in another election year , and Obama is back to cynically using the promise of immigration reform to get Latino voters to turn out . He dangles it like a carrot in front of a donkey pulling a cart . Speaking in the Rose Garden on June 30 , Obama bemoaned inaction by the Republican-controlled House and promised to take executive action before the end of summer . Lawmakers urge Obama to work with Congress on immigration Well , summer is over , and Obama is backing out of the deal . Some on the left are finally getting the message that Obama is not their amigo . Cristina Jimenez , the managing director for United We Dream , an advocacy group for undocumented students , told The New York Times : "  The president 's latest broken promise is another slap to the face of the Latino and immigrant community . " For Obama , the question is never what he can do for the immigration issue but what the immigration issue can do for him . It 's no surprise that some on the left have realized that they have to do for themselves . Just a few hours before Obama 's retreat , I was having breakfast in Southern California with one of the leaders of a prominent grassroots immigrant rights organization . He wanted me to connect his group with Republicans who support immigration reform because it might pressure Obama to act . I can do one better . Want to get comprehensive immigration reform ? Elect a Republican president . Congress passes laws , but the president sets priorities . Just like Obama did with health care reform , which is why we call the new law "  Obamacare " and not "  Pelosicare " or "  Reidcare . " Once you see through the political fog on the immigration debate , you realize that Republican presidents are a better bet for delivering reform . Three reasons : First , ignore what politicians say and watch what they do . Democrats campaign as soft on illegal immigrants , but they 're tough on them once in office . Republicans campaign as tough on illegal immigrants , but they 're soft on them once in office . Second , look at history . In 1986 , it was a Republican president , Ronald Reagan , who signed an "  amnesty " bill into law . Twenty years later , it was another Republican , George W. Bush , who boldly kicked off the modern debate over comprehensive immigration reform by proposing legal status for the undocumented . Meanwhile , it was a Democrat , Bill Clinton , who militarized the border with Operation Gatekeeper in 1994 and signed a 1996 immigration law that made it easier to deport people and harder to return . Now we have another Democrat , Barack Obama , who has deported more than 2 million people , roped local police into enforcing immigration law through the program known as Secure Communities and shipped thousands of child refugees back to Central America without due process . Third , understand human nature . Republicans do n't love immigrants . But they love business , and business loves immigrants . Meanwhile , Democrats do n't hate immigrants . But they love unions , and unions hate immigrants . Obama : Waiting will make immigration executive action ` more sustainable ' Still , electing the right leaders is only half the job . The rest of it is holding them accountable . Latinos should be furious at Obama 's betrayal . But they should save some anger for themselves for believing the lies . As for Obama , he continues to insult Latinos with more blame-shifting and double talk . Now he insists that his decision to delay any executive action on immigration was n't based on politics -- except when it was . On Sunday , during an appearance on NBC News ' "  Meet the Press , " Obama told moderator Chuck Todd that contrary to earlier reports , he was not trying to help Democrats in Congress keep their seats in November . Instead , he realized that the recent surge of unaccompanied minors across the US-Mexico border changed the political equation . "  The truth of the matter , " Obama said , "  is that the politics did shift midsummer because of that problem . " To summarize , the president who did n't have enough courage is blaming his ineptitude on child refugees who had an abundance of it . Breaking his promise made the President look dishonest . Admitting that it was about politics made him look weak . But blaming it all on the kids made him look pathetic .	Ruben Navarrette : The delay announced by President Obama is another broken pledge He says promises that immigration reform would be a priority were not serious History shows that GOP presidents , friendly to business , more likely to favor immigration , he says Navarrette : Obama was wrong to blame his inaction on the surge of border kids
Los Angeles  CNN  -- When Melora Rivera heard an intruder kicking the front door of her Venice , California , home Wednesday morning , her reaction was to jump out of bed and onto her roof . "  Once I saw him in the house , I knew that we both could n't be there , " Rivera told CNN TV affiliate KCAL/KCBS . "  I knew that I did n't want to have a confrontation with him of any sort , you know , not knowing what his intention was . " Rivera , dressed only in a flannel shirt , used her cell phone to call police as the intruder also climbed onto the roof . "  The drop is , I would guess , more than 20 feet , " Rivera said . "  So there was no safely jumping off the roof or coming down from the roof at that point . " Police arrived in about two minutes , but they only saw Rivera on the roof , Los Angeles Police spokeswoman Sara Faden said . Officers initially were n't sure she was n't the intruder they were called to stop . "  It was my biggest fear was that he was going to be forced by the cops to come hide in basically the same place I was hiding , " Rivera said . Sandra Bullock came face-to-face with stalker in her home Home intrusions happen every day and everywhere , but this incident is unusual because several of Rivera 's neighbors watching the drama used their cell phones to capture photos and video of the unfolding drama . One especially striking image shows Rivera huddled under an eave with her phone to her ear while the intruder lurks just above . Other photos show police with guns drawn , ready to protect the woman if the intruder attacks . Rivera was finally rescued from the roof with a Los Angeles Fire Department ladder . Police eventually coaxed the intruder down , placing him in handcuffs and charging him with burglary . Officer Faden identified him as Christian Hicks , 29 . Keanu Reeves ' home proves to be a magnet for female intruders CNN 's Dottie Evans contributed to this report .	Melora Rivera was dressed in only a flannel shirt as she fled to her roof Police were n't sure at first that Rivera was n't the intruder A neighbor snapped a dramatic photo of Rivera huddled as the intruder neared A 29-year-old man was captured and charged with burglary
CNN  -- Real Madrid head coach Jose Mourinho claims it was in referee Paradas Romero 's "  nature " to send him to the stands during Wednesday 's 5-1 Copa del Rey win over Real Murcia . Mourinho was protesting a 37th-minute yellow card given to Mali midfielder Mahamadou Diarra when Romero adjudged him to have overstepped the mark and banished him from the touchline . The Portuguese boss -- whose team advanced beyond the last-32 stage of Spain 's premier cup competition for the first time in three years -- highlighted Romero 's past record of handing out yellow cards as the reason behind his dismissal . The former Inter Milan coach stopped short of openly criticizing the match officials , and admitted he would not able to do a better job than Romero . The worst referee decisions in football ? "  I can not say he was a bad referee , " Mourinho told Los Blancos ' official website . "  I would make a terrible referee . " -LSB- But -RSB- just look at this referee 's statistics . It is in his nature . I 'm not saying he is good or bad . I am not one to judge him , but I do usually analyze referee statistics . "  This one has officiated about 50 matches in the Spanish league and has shown more than 250 yellow cards , an average of more than six per match . He booked 10 players in his last match . " However , Spanish press reported that Romero claimed Mourinho abused him after being booked for protesting , forcing him to send the coach to the stands . Should referees be relegated too ? "  In the 37th minute , the manager Jose Mario dos Santos Mourinho Felix was given a yellow card for the following reason : raising his arms in the air , complaining about a decision I made , " Romero reportedly wrote in his after-match summary . "  Once he was given the yellow card , he faced me and said , ` Go to hell . ' " Real 's win was emphatic , as goals from Esteban Granero , Gonzalo Higuain , Cristiano Ronaldo , Karim Benzema and Xabi Alonso ensured they avoided the humiliation of last year when they suffered a 4-1 aggregate loss to third-tier team Alcoron . Mourinho 's men are currently sitting top of the Spanish first division , a point clear of arch-rivals Barcelona after 10 matches . Meanwhile , the first "  Clasico " clash between the two Spanish heavyweights this season will be played on a Monday due to the Catalan elections taking place the day before on November 28 . Barca will host Real with kickoff scheduled for 9 p.m. local time  2000 GMT , 1500 ET  . "  This is due to the 13th round coinciding with the elections for the parliament of Catalonia and the security problems that would create , " read a statement on Real 's website on Thursday .	Jose Mourinho hits back at referee after being sent off during Madrid 's win over Murcia Coach was dismissed by Paradas Romero after protesting official 's decision Mourinho says Romero has a history of handing out yellow cards First "  Clasico " of season between Real and Barcelona moved due to Catalan elections
ANCHORAGE , Alaska  CNN  -- Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin 's boast to have opposed the infamous "  bridge to nowhere " is a staple of the Alaska governor 's stump speech , but her record is more complicated than the one-liner . Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin canceled work on the Gravina Island bridge in 2007 after initially supporting the project . She repeated the line Tuesday in Lebanon , Ohio , telling supporters , "  I told Congress , ` Thanks , but no thanks ' for that bridge to nowhere up in Alaska . If our state wanted a bridge , we were going to build it ourselves . " But Palin originally supported construction of the bridge , which would have linked the city of Ketchikan with its airport on sparsely populated Gravina Island . "  I 'm not going to stand in the way of progress that our congressional delegation -- in the position of strength that they have right now -- they 're making those efforts for the state of Alaska to build up our infrastructure , " Palin said during a debate shortly before her 2006 election as governor . "  I would not get in the way of progress of this project or other projects they 're working so hard on . " Her office canceled work on the span in 2007 after it became a symbol of congressional "  pork-barrel " excess , but kept money that Congress had appropriated for the project , using the funds instead for state transportation projects . Palin has n't faced reporters since Sen. John McCain tapped her as his running mate . A former aide said Palin turned against the $ 223 million Gravina Island bridge when the original price nearly doubled . Watch an ex-aide defend Palin 's position on the bridge " "  It was a different bridge when she was a candidate than the bridge when she became governor , " Meg Stapleton said . Stapleton said Palin "  knows that we can do it for far less , and she knows the state can handle it . " In a statement announcing the cancellation of the Gravina Island project , Palin complained that public opposition to the bridge "  is based on inaccurate portrayals of the projects here . " "  But we need to focus on what we can do , rather than fight over what has happened , " she said in the statement . Campaign aides also have had to explain the fine print on another applause line from Palin 's stump speech -- that she put the luxury jet her predecessor purchased for state travel up for sale on eBay . Although the jet was for sale on the online auction site , it failed to draw sufficient bids and was later sold at a loss through an ordinary aircraft brokerage . Democrats also are trying to exploit a gap between McCain 's famous opposition to congressional earmarks and Palin 's efforts to obtain those appropriations for Alaska during her time as governor and as mayor of the Alaskan town of Wasilla . Palin has sought about $ 450 million in earmarks from the state 's congressional delegation since becoming governor , and about $ 27 million for Wasilla during her second term as mayor from 1998 to 2002 , according to state records and documents from the Washington-based watchdog group Taxpayers for Common Sense . "  All the things that John McCain says -LSB- are -RSB- bad , she lobbied to get , " Sen. Barack Obama , the Democratic presidential candidate , said Monday . "  When it came to the bridge to nowhere , she was for it until everybody started raising a fuss about it . " Obama added , "  You ca n't just make stuff up . You ca n't just recreate yourself , you ca n't just reinvent yourself . The American people are n't stupid . " The bridge was backed by the senior members of Alaska 's congressional delegation -- Rep. Don Young , the former chairman of the House Transportation Committee , and Sen. Ted Stevens . Tom Schatz of Citizens Against Government Waste said Palin gets credit for taking on her fellow Republicans over the issue . "  Anyone who takes on Ted Stevens and Don Young when it comes to transportation is taking on two very powerful interests in Washington , " Schatz said . Young is fighting to hold the seat he has occupied for more than three decades against Lt. Gov. Sean Parnell , a Republican challenger Palin supported against the veteran congressman . Stevens , who also is trying to be re-elected this year , has pleaded not guilty to federal charges of lying on his Senate ethics disclosure forms and is pushing for a trial before November 's election . While Democrats have questioned her campaign claims , some Alaskans see Palin as a modern-day Robin Hood who has returned money to taxpayers . The rising price of oil has bolstered the state 's balance sheets , allowing Alaska to sock away $ 5 billion in savings -- in large part because of an increase in the tax on oil companies that Palin supported . The state 's Permanent Fund is now worth more than $ 35 billion , and Palin approved payments of $ 3,269 to every Alaska resident this year -- a $ 1,200 increase in the annual dividend each resident receives . "  She has helped to balance our budget . She has done a very good job , " Alaskan Kim Brink said . "  She gave , she fought to get us a little bit of extra money in these hard economic times . " Watch a look at Palin 's fiscal priorities " But state spending has increased under her tenure . And while she has used her line-item veto to cut funds for some government programs , her critics in Alaska complain she has the wrong priorities . "  For a drop in the bucket , every single kid in the state could have health insurance , " said state Rep. Les Gara , a Democrat from Anchorage . "  For a drop in the bucket , we do n't have to be one of the worst states in terms of high school graduation rates . " CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Brian Todd and Peter Hamby contributed to this report .	Gov. Sarah Palin repeats claim she opposed Alaska 's "  bridge to nowhere " Though she canceled the project in 2007 , she had previously supported it Ex-aide : Palin opposed bridge after price doubled Democrats point out Palin 's efforts to obtain other congressional earmarks
CNN  -- Injury doubt Novak Djokovic has confirmed his participation , new dad Roger Federer is a maybe , but they will go into the Rome Masters next week in the knowledge their old nemesis Rafael Nadal is finding his feet on clay again after some shock recent defeats . Nadal booked his participation in his 90th ATP Tour final with a 6-4 6-3 win over fellow Spaniard Roberto Bautista Agut at the Madrid Open Saturday -- always in command in the one hour 43 minute clash . Nadal , who is the defending champion at the Masters 1000 event , lost in the quarterfinals at Monte Carlo and Barcelona to David Ferrrer and Nicolas Almagro to show rare vulnerability on his favorite surface . But bidding for his 27th crown in Masters events , the world number one has looked more comfortable and faces Kei Nishikori in Sunday 's final after the Japanese star won a quite extraordinary match against Ferrer . Nishikori , who won the Barcelona title , saw Ferrer save no less than nine match points before converting his 10th in a 7-6 5-7 6-3 victory in a shade under three hours . Second-ranked Djokovic was due to play in Madrid , but pulled out at the last minute due to the right wrist injury which first hit him in Monte Carlo . The Serbian has been training hard ahead of an early return with the French Open looming and took to social media Saturday to indicate he would be back in the Foro Italico next week . "  Rome her I come ! " tweeted Djokovic , who will be in the same side of the draw as Federer , whose wife Mirka gave birth to a second set of twins , sons Leo and Lenny earlier this week . Federer , who has been showing improved form all year , will definitely play at the second grand slam of the season in Paris later this month , but his participation in Rome is still uncertain . "  Roger plans on playing Roland Garros and he will make a decision at the last minute if he will play Rome depending on how everything is going with his family , " his agent Roger Godsick told the official ATP Tour website . Meanwhile in the women 's WTA tournament in Madrid , Maria Sharapova will play Simona Halep of Romania in Sunday 's final . Sharapova , fresh off her Stuttgart success , brushed aside Agnieszka Radwanska to advance to the tile match in Madrid for a second straight year . The Russian built on a fast start and despite a second set rally from Radwanska was a 6-1 6-4 winner . "  It 's great to have these results , over No. 3 in the world today and yesterday beating Li Na , who is No. 2 in the world . These were my goals at the beginning of the season , physically and mentally after a long layoff , " she said . By contrast , the other semifinal was a close and grueling affair , with Halep eventually prevailing 6-7 6-3 6-2 in two hours 36 minutes against former Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova . Halep , bidding for her eighth title since last year 's Madrid tournament , trailed a set and 3-1 before winning eight straight games to take a stranglehold on the match . Halep is already looking forward to the final . "  Of course , tomorrow will be a very tough match . Maria is a great champion . And she 's playing really well here . I will just try to be happy and enjoy being in the final , " she told the WTA Tour website .	Novak Djokovic to return to ATP tour in Rome after injury Rafael Nadal on course to defend Madrid Open title Nadal plays Kei Nishikori in Sunday 's final Maria Sharapova to play Simona Halep in women 's final in Madrid
Paris  CNN  Six survivors of the Paris kosher supermarket siege in January are suing a French media outlet for what they call dangerous live broadcasting during the hostage-taking . According to Paris prosecutor 's spokeswoman Agnes Thibault-Lecuivre , the lawsuit was filed March 27 and a preliminary investigation was opened by the prosecutor 's office Wednesday . The media outlet , CNN affiliate BFMTV , is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages , who were hiding in a cold room during the attack , by broadcasting their location live during the siege . BFM in a statement Friday said one of its journalists "  mentioned only once the presence of a woman hidden inside the Hyper Cacher , on the basis of police sources on the ground . " "  Immediately , the chief editor felt that this information should not be released . It therefore has subsequently never been repeated on air or posted on-screen . BFMTV regrets that the mention of this information could cause concern to the hostages , as well as their relatives , that their lives were in danger , " the statement said . Gunman Amedy Coulibaly , also suspected in the slaying of a police officer , stormed the Hyper Cacher Jewish supermarket on January 9 , killing four people and taking others hostage . He was killed in the police operation to end the siege . A 24-year-old supermarket employee , Malian-born Lassana Bathily , was hailed as a hero afterward when it emerged that he had risked his life to hide 15 customers from Coulibaly in the cold room . The hostage-taking was the culmination of three days of terror in Paris that began with the January 7 shooting of 12 people at the offices of French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo . The two brothers blamed for that attack , Cherif and Said Kouachi , were killed on January 9 after a violent standoff at an industrial site . The terror attacks claimed the lives of 17 people and put France on a heightened state of alert . CNN 's Ariana Williams reported from Paris , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	Six people taken hostage in a kosher market siege say media outlet endangered their lives They hid in a cold room during the attack in Paris by gunman Amedy Coulibaly
CNN  -- Israel 's top general said Iran is led by "  very rational people " and does n't appear poised to build a nuclear bomb that would threaten his nation . Iran "  is going step by step to the place where it will be able to decide whether to manufacture a nuclear bomb , " Chief of Staff Lt. Gen. Benny Gantz told Israel 's Haaretz newspaper in Wednesday editions . "  It has n't yet decided whether to go the extra mile . " The head of Israeli Defense Forces set a different tone than that of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who suggested to CNN on Tuesday that time is running out for Western sanctions on Iran to have a meaningful effect on Tehran 's nuclear program . The sanctions "  are certainly taking a bite out of the Iranian economy , " Netanyahu said in an interview broadcast Tuesday on CNN 's "  OutFront . " But "  they have n't rolled back the Iranian program -- or even stopped it -- by one iota . " "  I hope that changes , but so far , I can tell you , the centrifuges are spinning , " he said . "  They were spinning before the talks began recently with Iran , they were spinning during the talks , they 're spinning as we speak . " See more on the Netanyahu interview Key world powers met with Iran earlier this month about Tehran 's intentions for its nuclear program and announced that the next meeting would take place in late May . Iran maintains it is not planning to build a bomb . Iranian Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , according to Gantz , likely wo n't build a bomb if he believes his facilities are vulnerable to Israeli attack . "  I think the Iranian leadership is composed of very rational people , " Gantz told Haaretz . "  But I agree that such a capability , in the hands of Islamic fundamentalists who at particular moments could make different calculations , is dangerous . " The chief of staff said the military is preparing for all possible scenarios . The United States and European nations have imposed tough economic sanctions on Iran in an effort to pressure it into accepting international demands to restrict its nuclear program . "  If the sanctions are going to work , they better work soon , " Netanyahu said on CNN . Iran insists that its nuclear program is for energy and medical purposes . U.N. and Western leaders suspect it of having military aims , including a possible nuclear weapon . Last month , the International Atomic Energy Agency , the U.N. nuclear watchdog , noted what it called a sharp and troubling increase in Iran 's uranium enrichment capabilities . The talks with Tehran this month involved the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council -- the United States , France , Russia , China , and Britain -- as well as Germany . That group has spearheaded diplomatic efforts to persuade Iran to rein in its nuclear program , but Israel has criticized the initiative as giving too much ground to Tehran and demanded that it stop all enrichment activities . Netanyahu said that if the combination of sanctions , diplomacy and "  other pressures " succeeds in stopping Iran 's nuclear program , "  I will be the happiest person in the world . "	Israel 's top general says Iranian leaders are "  very rational " He said he does n't believe Iran has moved forward on nuclear weapon Sanctions have not rolled back Iran 's nuclear program , Netanyahu says
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro appeared on the island 's state-run television for the second time in less than a week on Friday , using the forum to again blast U.S. arms policy . "  The Yankees want to offer a world without nuclear arms , " he said , adding that the United States wants to substitute conventional arms instead . But a world limited to conventional arms would leave the United States in a position of power , he said . The 83-year-old former Cuban leader cited as an example the power of a Trident submarine to launch "  in two minutes " a missile made of a material stronger than steel that could travel at speeds up to 25,000 kmh  15,000 mph  . Once it hits , "  nothing remains , " he said . "  Everything disappears . " He added , "  These are the conventional arms that remain -- what focus of resistance -LSB- could withstand them -RSB- ? If they use them on strategic locations , nothing remains ! That is the world without nuclear arms that they are offering . " Asked about the possibility of a war against Iran , Castro grabbed a sheaf of newspapers from a pile and read aloud headlines warning of dire regional and global consequences . As he sat beside Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez , Castro took questions from the dozens of people who had crowded into a room at Cuba 's Foreign Ministry in Havana and answered them in the long-winded fashion that is familiar to any Cubans who remember his talks from before an illness sidelined him in 2006 . After largely staying away from the cameras for years , former Cuban President Fidel Castro has made five public appearances in less than a week . The elderly Castro attended a dolphin show at Havana 's aquarium on Thursday , according to the island 's evening newscast and daily state-run newspaper . The state-run newspaper , Granma , showed images of the aging Cuban revolutionary greeting aquarium employees and watching scuba divers interact with dolphins . Photos of the octogenarian at a scientific center were published last Saturday showing his first public appearance since his illness in 2006 forced him to hand the reins of power to his younger brother Raul . Fidel Castro was interviewed on Cuba 's evening television newscast on Monday , when he slammed U.S. foreign policy with North Korea and in the Middle East and warned of a potential nuclear war with Iran . He also appeared Tuesday at an economics institute . Friday 's latest appearance by the former Cuban leader comes on the heels of the first release of political prisoners to Spain . The group of seven dissidents railed against the Castro brothers and the condition of their imprisonment during a news conference in the Spanish capital on Thursday . The group is among 52 political prisoners expected to be released in coming months , in what would be the largest Cuban prisoner release in more than a decade . They represent roughly one-third of all known political prisoners left on the island and are the remainder of a group of 75 dissidents arrested in March 2003 during a crackdown on government opposition under then-president Fidel Castro . CNN 's David Ariosto contributed to this report .	NEW : Fidel Castro accuses U.S. of wanting to replace nukes with super conventional weapons NEW : "  Nothing remains , " he says of such a weapons strike . "  Everything disappears . " NEW : Castro warns against nuclear war in the Middle East His talk follows attendance at a dolphin show
CNN  -- One American defense contract worker was killed and another was lightly injured in a shooting at a gas station in Saudi Arabia 's capital on Tuesday , a U.S. State Department official said . The two were at a gas station in Riyadh when a gunman opened fire on their car , the country 's official news agency reported , citing police in the city . The Saudi Embassy in the United States identified the suspected gunman as Abdulaziz Fahad Abdulaziz Alrashid , 24 , a dual Saudi-American citizen who had worked at the same U.S. defense contractor as the victims . He was recently dismissed from the job "  due to drug related issues , " the Embassy said . Alrashid was reportedly taken into custody following a shootout with security forces , which left him injured . Neither the Americans ' names nor information about a possible motive was immediately released . The injured American was taken to a hospital , the Saudi Press Agency reported . The Americans worked for Vinnell Arabia , a U.S. defense contractor supporting the Saudi Arabia National Guard , and were about a half-mile from a Vinnell base when the shooting happened , the State Department official said . Vinnell Arabia , partly owned by U.S.-based Northup Grumman Corp. , has helped to train Saudi national guard troops since 1975 . It says it has more than 1,250 employees , some of whom are former U.S. troops . More than half of the employees are Saudis , the company says on its website . CNN 's Schams Elwazer contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspected gunman had worked at the same company as the victims NEW : He was recently dismissed "  due to drug related issues , " embassy says The shooting happened in Saudi Arabia 's capital , Riyadh No information on a motive has been immediately released
SRINAGAR , Indian-controlled Kashmir  CNN  -- India 's military on Wednesday accused Pakistani forces of another cease-fire breach in Kashmir . Indian troops in Kashmir go through their drills . This week has seen tensions mount in the region . "  Pakistani troops fired six 82-mm mortar rounds in a span of one hour ... at our positions , " Indian defense spokesman Lt. Col. A. K. Mathur said Wednesday . But the report was denied by Pakistan 's army spokesman , Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas , who said there had been no "  exchange of fire from our side ... of the LoC -LSB- Line of Control -RSB- , " that divides the Kashmir region between India and Pakistan Mathur said no Indian forces were wounded in the incident , and they "  maintained restraint and did n't retaliate . " "  We contacted the Pakistan army on the hotline and told them to stop the firing so that the situation does n't escalate , " the Indian spokesman said . But Abbas said he had no reports from local commanders of any incident "  This has been their -LSB- India 's -RSB- allegation but as far as the local commanders are concerned ... there is no incident from our side of any kind , " Abbas said . The reported incident came after Monday 's border clash in Kashmir , the first major skirmish between South Asia 's nuclear rivals since a 2003 cease-fire . India maintains that Pakistani crossed the LoC and fired on Indian soldiers , prompting a firefight . Pakistan blamed India for sparking the incident by crossing into its territory in Kashmir . Senior Pakistani and Indian military officials met briefly Tuesday to discuss the incident , in which one Indian soldier was killed . Pakistan denied reports that its forces sustained casualties . Indian and Pakistani forces have exchanged periodic gunfire since May , but Monday 's clashes appear to be a serious setback to the ongoing peace process between the two nations . Indian Defense Minister A. K. Antony blames Pakistan for 19 cease-fire violations since January , which Pakistan denies . Kashmir has been at the root of two wars between India and Pakistan , both of which tested nuclear weapons in 1998 . An 18-year separatist campaign in the Indian-controlled portion of the largely Muslim territory has claimed more than 43,000 lives , according to government officials , although human rights groups and non-governmental organizations put the toll at twice that number . India has long accused Pakistan of supporting the separatists in Kashmir , a charge Pakistan denies . India blamed militants from Pakistan for a suicide car bombing outside its embassy in Afghanistan that killed 58 people on July 7 . CNN 's Mukhtar Ahmad in Srinagar contributed to this report .	India 's military accuse Pakistan of another cease-fire breach in Kashmir Pakistani troops fired six 82-mm mortar rounds in hour , India says Pakistani Army denies claim , saying no weapons were fired
CNN  -- Left to babysit her 6-month-old granddaughter , a suburban Chicago woman instead turned on the infant , bludgeoning her and cutting her throat , prosecutors said Monday . Alfreda Giedrojc is being held without bail after a court appearance Monday afternoon , said Tandra Simonton , a spokeswoman for the Cook County State 's Attorney 's office . She was charged with first-degree murder in the death of her granddaughter , Simonton said . The girl 's father brought her to Giedrojc 's home in the southwestern suburb of Oak Lawn on Sunday while he helped with repairs on a nearby home , Simonton told CNN . "  Her father and grandfather had stepped out of the grandparents ' house for a short time when this horrific event took place , " Oak Lawn police said in a written statement on the death . While her husband was away , Giedrojc laid the child on the floor , pulled a sledgehammer from a nearby closet and swung it down on her head and body several times . She then picked the baby up and used a carving knife to slit her throat when she was still alive , Simonton said . Oak Lawn Det. Mike Kaufmann said the 61-year-old Giedrojc expressed remorse for the child 's death when questioned , and investigators have found no record of previous arrests or mental illness . Attempts to reach the public defender assigned to represent Giedrojc were unsuccessful Monday evening . Georgia teen gets life plus 105 years in infant 's killing 16-month-old boy shot , killed in stroller Police : 8-year-old shoots , kills elderly caregiver	Prosecutors say grandmother killed infant with sledgehammer , knife Alfreda Giedrojc has been charged with first-degree murder and is held without bail Investigators say she expressed remorse for the child 's death
CNN  -- Kindergartens in three Chinese provinces are accused of giving prescription drugs to children without their parents ' knowledge , according to Xinhua , China 's state-run news agency . The drugs were given to prevent the children from getting sick in order to boost attendance , the news agency reported . The schools get paid based on attendance . The scandal started last week in one kindergarten in the city of Xi'an and has now spread to several in the country , prompting China 's education and health ministries to require its local branches to check all kindergartens and primary schools for illegally administered drugs , according to the Global Times newspaper . Almost 2,000 children who attended the suspected kindergartens are receiving medical attention as some reported side effects from the medication , such as dizziness , stomachaches , leg pains and genital swelling , Xinhua said . In an article Tuesday , state media called it a "  crisis of confidence in kindergarten managers . " It said that many parents are fed up with private kindergartens "  which are poorly funded , poorly managed and frequently in a bad state of repair . " China 's preschools have been riddled with what the state media called "  a long history of avoidable problems " such as food safety and physical abuse . Some angry parents of the affected kindergartens rallied in front of the facilities and local government buildings . First incidents Last week , Xinhua reported that a parent accused a kindergarten in Xi'an , in Shaanxi province of administering an antiviral drug to children . One parent told the Global Times that several kindergarteners had been complaining about stomachaches or night sweats . When their parents took them to the doctors , they found abnormal results in urine and blood tests -- traces of possible damage to the kidney or liver , the parent told Chinese media . The doctors were stumped over the diagnosis . Local authorities said that the administrators at the Fengyun Lanwan Kindergarten had given children moroxydine ABOB , a medicine which can cause side effects such as sweating , loss of appetite and hypoglycemia since 2008 . The prescription drug is used to treat the flu . "  Teachers told my child the pill was good for him but should be kept secret , " one parent , identified as Zhang told Xinhua . "  They have been taking it for nearly three years . " Another kindergarten in Xi'an , called Hongji Xincheng has also been suspected of following the same practice , Xinhua said . Together , the two kindergartens have 1,455 students . Little known about drug in question Dr. Nelson Lee , professor of infectious diseases at the Chinese University of Hong Kong , said not much is known about moroxydine ABOB . The drug was produced in the 1950s and could have some antiviral effects such as suppressing the flu virus , but there are no reports or clinical trials in English.This means doctors know little about how helpful or harmful it could be . For kindergartens to administer such a drug with little research or data is something Lee said he has never heard of . "  I think the most effective , suitable way to prevent flu infection is to ask the students to get flu vaccines every year . It 's the proven , safest way to prevent flu , rather than taking long-term medication with unknown side effects and efficacy . " Similar incident in Jilin province Days later , another kindergarten came under scrutiny , this time in the northeastern province of Jilin . Investigators told Xinhua that a branch of the Fanglin Kindergarten in Jilin City had given some children the same drug -- moroxydine ABOB -- to prevent them from catching colds and infectious diseases . The kindergarten staff were reported to have said they were using the drug to improve attendance . Three administrators have been arrested , according to Xinhua . The kindergarten 's 375 students are getting checked at hospitals , it reported . Latest incident in Hubei province The parents of children who had been attending Xingang Kindergarten in Hubei province , had become suspicious , telling Xinhua that their children developed symptoms such as stomachaches , irregular heartbeats , itching , vomiting and dizziness . Kindergarteners told their parents that they were forced to swallow "  white , bitter-tasting pills . " The principal and vice principal of the kindergarten "  admitted to having fed pupils an over-the-counter anti-fever drug and vitamins to boost their immunity and improve attendance , " reported Xinhua on Tuesday . The kindergarten , located in Yichang City , was shut and about 200 students are receiving medical check-ups , according to China 's state media . Authorities are looking into where the schools got their supply of prescription medication .	State media : Several kindergartens in China gave prescription drugs to kids Several students had side effects from taking antiviral drug , meant to treat flu Xinhua : "  Crisis of confidence in kindergarten managers "
CNN  -- The murders of two Texas prosecutors has raised concerns about the safety of others in those positions , but the slayings of prosecutors in the U.S. is "  beyond rare , " according to a leader of the nation 's state and local prosecutors . Scott Burns , executive director for the National District Attorneys Association , indicated Tuesday that there is no need for overreacting to the recent shooting . Burns said the best available figures show that only 13 prosecutors have been killed in the line of duty in the past 100 years . Neighbor of slain Texas prosecutor heard nothing unusual A memorial in Columbia , South Carolina , erected to honor murdered prosecutors bears only 11 names , including just one federal official . The names of the two state prosecutors slain in Kaufman County , Texas -- District Attorney Mike McLelland and Assistant District Attorney Mark Hasse -- will be added to the memorial at an appropriate time , the association said . While no one discounts the potential danger to prosecutors , officials are seeking to maintain perspective . The National District Attorneys Association has issued a statement to "  remind all prosecutors to continue to be vigilant with respect to their personal safety and take appropriate steps should they receive any threats or cause for concern . " Similarly , the Justice Department took a low key approach . "  We always take the safety of Justice Department personnel extremely seriously and take appropriate steps when warranted , " said Justice spokesman Wyn Hornbuckle . In contrast to the handful of slain prosecutors in the nation , the count of sworn law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty continues to mount . The National Law Enforcement Memorial in Washington now bears the names of more than 19,000 officers slain while on duty , according to memorial officials .	National District Attorneys Association : Only 13 killings in past 100 years Two prosecutors were killed in one Texas county recently Law Enforcement Memorial in D.C. has names of more than 19,000 officers
CNN  -- They 're not always the most popular or conventional hotels . And that 's exactly what Lonely Planet is going for with its inaugural picks for the world 's best accommodations . The travel publisher 's panel of experts chose their top 10 in each of three categories : "  most extraordinary places to stay , " "  best-value accommodations " and "  top eco retreats " for its list of top hotels . Some are unique , out-of-the-way spots while others are more well-known . Picks run the gamut from trendy hostels to luxury eco-lodges . Check out Lonely Planet 's recommendations in the "  extraordinary " category above and see whether you agree . "  This collection is one-of-a-kind , carefully curated by the most well-traveled people on Earth , " said Tom Hall , LonelyPlanet.com editorial director , in a press statement . "  Our authors provide their honest opinion and never take freebies in exchange for positive coverage , so you can trust our reviews . " Lonely Planet is far from the only travel outfit ranking its favorite lodgings . Best is all in the eye of the beholder . To expand your quest for the best , check out TripAdvisor users ' picks , Fodor 's best hotels of 2013 or the world 's best airport hotels . Cap off a stay with a meal at one of the world 's best hotel restaurants . Lonely Planet 's top hotels : Most extraordinary hotels around the world 1 . Mihir Garh , Rajasthan , India 2 . Planet Baobab , Gweta , Botswana 3 . Prendiparte B&B , Bologna , Italy 4 . Qasr Al Sarab , UAE 5 . Peppers Cradle Mountain Lodge , TAS , Australia 6 . Free Spirit Spheres , British Columbia , Canada 7 . Taskonak Hotel , Goreme , Cappadocia , Turkey 8 . Thonga Beach Lodge , iSimangaliso Wetland Park , South Africa 9 . Saugerties Lighthouse , New York , USA 10 . The Gibbon Experience Treehouse , Bokeo Reserve , Laos Best value hotels around the world 1 . The Backpack , Cape Town , South Africa 2 . Sydney Harbour YHA , Australia 3 . Inkosana Lodge , Champagne Valley , Drakensberg , South Africa 4 . Plovdiv Guesthouse , Plovdiv , Bulgaria 5 . Hotel Gruner Baum , Glorenza , Sudtirol , Italy 6 . Oztel , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil 7 . Fauzi Azar Inn , Nazareth , Israel 8 . We Hostel Design , Sao Paulo , Brazil 9 . Hotel Hotel Hostel , Seattle , USA 10 . On the Corner , Kolomyya , Ukraine Top eco resorts 1 . Lapa Rios Eco Lodge , Peninsula de Osa , Costa Rica 2 . Bulungula Backpackers , South Africa 3 . Chole Mjini , Chole Island , Mafia Archipelago , Tanzania 4 . Machu Picchu Pueblo Hotel , Aguas Calientes , Peru 5 . EcoLodge Chepu Adventures , Chiloe , Chile 6 . Maison Anglaise , Taroudant , Morocco 7 . Earthship Rentals , Taos , New Mexico , USA 8 . Dana Guest House , Jordan 9 . Nuli Sapi , Papua New Guinea 10 . Baikaler Eco-Hostel , Listvyanka , Russia	Lonely Planet 's ` most extraordinary ' hotel can be found in India 's Thar Desert Zipline into a Laos tree house for a unique stay A 17th century prison is now an Italian inn A New York lighthouse also made the ` extraordinary ' list
San Diego  CNN  -- It 's hip to be Hispanic . I was on a call the other day with someone who joked that she wanted to be named an "  honorary " Hispanic because "  that 's the cool group right now . " The 2010 Census found that there are about 52 million Hispanics in the United States . They 're everywhere , in all 50 states . And they 're shaping how Americans think about sports , fashion , food , entertainment , music , pop culture , business , media , the arts and the digital world . America 's largest minority is especially cool this time of year . In 1988 , when Congress established Hispanic Heritage Month , from September 15 to October 15 , lawmakers no doubt intended for Americans to reflect on the past . But somewhere along the line , it became a time to look to the future . The original idea was to celebrate what Hispanics have contributed to this magnificent country , and all that they have sacrificed , dating back at least to 1863 , when Corp. . Joseph H. De Castro of the Union Army became the first Hispanic recipient of the Medal of Honor , for heroism at Gettysburg during the Civil War . To date , the Medal of Honor has been awarded to 44 men of Hispanic heritage , and in 25 of those cases -- more than half -- it was presented posthumously . But today , Hispanic Heritage Month is mostly about looking forward and pondering the impact that Hispanics are going to continue to have on this country for as far as the eye can see . In business , companies spend enormous amounts of money hoping for a slice of the $ 1.2 trillion that Hispanics spend annually on goods and services . In politics , many of what analysts call "  battleground states " are heavily populated by Hispanics . Nevada , Florida , Colorado and New Mexico mattered a lot on election night 2012 , and they 'll matter more in the years to come . Hispanics make up 16 % of the U.S. population , and it 's estimated they 'll account for 29 % by 2050 . About the same time , whites will cease to be a statistical majority in the United States . What does this all mean anyway ? Opinion : GOP , do n't give up on attracting Latino support Hispanics have put all their eggs in the basket of changing demographics . They 've assumed that , as their numbers grow , they 'll automatically become powerful , influential and prosperous . The other day , I was on a panel where a university professor suggested that the best hope for immigration reform was for America to get to the point where Hispanics represented so much of the electorate that no politician would dare cross them . Alas , it does n't work that way . In fact , as the Hispanic population grows in the years to come , we can expect many non-Hispanics to panic and batten down the hatches . For instance , even though most Hispanics in the United States are U.S.-born citizens , you 'll see more Arizona-style immigration laws intended to put immigrants in their place . And often , those laws will wind up also victimizing those U.S citizens who simply resemble immigrants . Read : Hispanics . This year , to mark Hispanic Heritage Month , I thought that I 'd give my compadres something they could really use : a reality check . For most Hispanics in the United States , life is not a fiesta . Things are not rosy . They 're actually quite bleak . And demographic trends being what they are , that 's bad news for the whole country . According to a 2011 study by the Pew Research Center , the median wealth -- assets minus debts -- of Hispanic households fell by 66 % from 2005 to 2009 . Over the same period , the median wealth of white households fell by just 16 % . As a result , the study found , the median net worth of white households is now 18 times that of Hispanic households . It 's true that some of the nation 's corporations are making a play for Hispanic customers , but not many of their top executives and board members are Hispanic . Closer look : Hispanics in the U.S. And how are lower-level Hispanic workers treated at these companies ? At a Target distribution center in Woodland , California , three former employees are suing the company for discrimination and retaliation . The lawsuit claims that white managers used ethnic slurs and that when the workers complained , they were fired . It also brought to light a "  training document " that used negative stereotypes to advise managers about how to deal with Hispanic workers , including this : "  Food : not everyone eats tacos and burritos ; Music : not everyone dances to salsa ; Dress : not everyone wears a sombrero ; Mexicans  lower education level , some may be undocumented  . " You get the idea . Molly Snyder , a Target spokeswoman , said in a statement that while she could n't comment on specific allegations , the company does n't "  tolerate or condone discrimination in any form . " Snyder said that the guide was n't part of any "  formal or company-wide training " and that it is "  not representative of who Target is . " She also apologized for its content . It 's true that Hispanics are now able to help decide elections , and that they 're courted by both parties . Yet Hispanics are treated disrespectfully by both the Democrats who take them for granted , and the Republicans who write them off . They 're often insulted , deceived , manipulated , and exploited . It 's shoddy customer service . Enough of this . Things need to get better for this population . But it wo n't occur organically . There is no magic tipping point . Things are not going to just start happening for Hispanics when they get to a certain percentage of the population . They have to make them happen . Hispanics already know how to work hard , sacrifice everything , and believe in the American dream . Now they need to know what they 're worth , refuse to settle for less , and accept that only they can make dreams come true . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Hispanic Heritage Month , established in 1988 , runs from September 15 to October 15 Ruben Navarrette : Hispanics ca n't assume they 'll be better off as their numbers grow He says the reality is that life is not a fiesta ; median wealth of Hispanic households has fallen Navarrette : Hispanics need to know what they 're worth and refuse to settle for less
CNN  -- Violence marred Black Friday shopping in at least seven states , including California , where police say a woman doused fellow shoppers with pepper spray in a bid to snag a discounted video game console . The incident happened Thursday night at a Walmart in the Porter Ranch area of Los Angeles , said Officer Robert Chavira , a police spokesman . Ten people were exposed to the spray . Los Angeles firefighters treated them at the scene and no one required hospitalization , Chavira said . The woman sprayed the crowd as people were grabbing for Xbox video game consoles , Los Angeles Police Detective Gus Villanueva said . The suspect was able to pay for her purchases and leave the store before police arrived , Chavira said . Villanueva described the suspect as a Hispanic woman , 32 to 38 years of age , 5-foot-3 , 140 pounds and wearing black pants and a black sweater . Authorities have n't identified the suspect and will be looking at available video , Villanueva said . He said charges such as spraying a caustic compound would be determined later , but the action does n't appear to have been self-defense . One witness to the incident , Juan Castro , said he and other shoppers were hunting for "  deals , " when a woman began using pepper spray . He was trying to buy a Wii video game at $ 20 , marked down from a typical $ 60 , he said . "  I do n't know if she felt threatened or she felt she had to do that to get what she wanted , " Castro told CNN . "  I did n't see her personally , but I sure got the scent of the mace . I got it in my throat . It was burning . I saw people around me , they got it really bad . As you see in the video , some woman was crying ` my eyes , my eyes , ' " Castro said . "  I tried to get away as quickly as possible because I did n't think it was worth it . No deal 's worth that , " he said . Incidents also occurred in South Carolina , North Carolina , Florida , New York , Alabama and Connecticut , with most of the reported incidents happening at or near Walmart stores . Despite the reports , Walmart said the day 's shopping frenzy had been remarkably safe for shoppers at its thousands of stores nationwide . "  There were a few unfortunate incidents but overall we have received very positive feedback from our customers , " Walmart spokesman Greg Rossiter said . In 2008 , crowds of frantic Black Friday shoppers trampled a Walmart employee in New York as he and other workers tried to unlock the door at 5 a.m. . While no deaths were reported in this year 's shopping , authorities said they handled fights , shootings and other incidents through the morning . Psychologist Jeff Gardere , in an appearance Friday on CNN , put some of the blame on retailers for staging sales that encourage hyper-competitive behavior among shoppers who may be desperate because of the poor economy . "  They should n't be psyching them up so much and using all sorts of psychological tactics to get them to feed into this desperation and competitive spirit , " he said . "  I think people are whipped into a frenzy , physically , psychologically , " he said . In San Leandro , California , police had one man in custody and another was hospitalized after a 1:45 a.m. shooting in a Walmart parking lot . "  It was a robbery gone bad , " police Sgt. Mike Sobek told reporters . "  The victim 's family fought with the robbers . They were able to detain one suspect . We are not sure if that suspect is the shooter , but we do have one person in custody right now . " In Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , police said two people suffered injuries in an apparent armed robbery attempt after they left a Walmart store around 1 a.m. Friday , CNN affiliate WMBF reported . Would-be robbers struck a man on the head and shot a woman in the leg before another shopper displayed a gun and the assailants fled , the station said , citing Myrtle Beach Police Capt. Kevin Heins . The woman was taken to a hospital for treatment , he said . Sheriff 's deputies in Fayetteville , North Carolina , were looking for two men after shots were fired about 2 a.m. at a shopping mall . And in Kinston , North Carolina , an off-duty officer working security at a Walmart sprayed shoppers with pepper spray in an effort to stop a disturbance there , WITN reported , citing police Sgt. Roland Davis . Customer Angel Bunting told the station it happened while people were waiting to buy discount cell phones and a man fell into a display . She said she thought security believed there was a fight , according to WITN . Police arrested a man in a Kissimmee , Florida , Walmart on a resisting arrest charge after an early morning altercation at the jewelry counter , according to the police department . In Rome , New York , a brawl broke out in the electronics department at a Walmart moments after midnight , CNN affiliate WSTM reported , citing the Oneida County Sheriff 's Office . Two people were taken to the hospital for treatment of minor injuries , the station reported . Police in Florence , Alabama , said they had to use a stun gun -- twice -- on a Walmart customer , CNN affiliate WAFF reported . The 22-year-old man was charged with public intoxication , disorderly conduct and resisting arrest around 11 p.m. Thursday , an hour after the store opened its doors for Black Friday , WAFF reported , citing police . A picture of the incident distributed on Twitter shows the man lying face down in an aisle , the officer atop him with a knee on his back . And in Southington , Connecticut , iReporter Ryan Casale said he witnessed police using a stun gun on a man at the Walmart store where he was shopping . He said he was n't sure what was happening or why , but said the event left an impression on him . "  This was my first Black Friday shopping experience , and I 'll never forget what I saw , " he said . "  You see sides of people that they , themselves did n't even know existed . " CNN 's Vivian Kuo , Michael Saba , Sandra Endo , Michael Cary and Michael Martinez contributed to this report	NEW : "  No deal 's worth that , " one witness shopper says of pepper spraying L.A. police seek woman suspect in Walmart incident Psychologist says Black Friday tactics make shoppers frenzied Incidents mar Black Friday shopping in at least seven states
CNN  -- What he lacks in technique , Steve Wozniak makes up for in geeks . Apple Inc. co-founder Steve Wozniak and his partner show off their moves on "  Dancing With the Stars . " The Apple Inc. co-founder has managed to transform his less-than-graceful moves on ABC 's "  Dancing With the Stars " into enough votes to keep hope alive on the competitive ballroom-dance show . "  Woz , " as he is known by friends and fans alike , and partner Katarina Smirnoff have had some of the lowest scores from the trio of judges since the show premiered on March 9 . But the judges , who are experts in the field of competitive dance , are n't the only deciding factor . Viewers can vote online , via phone calls or by text messaging , and those votes comprise 50 percent of each couple 's score . The dance team with the lowest combined score is then voted off the show -- a fate that may await Wozniak on Tuesday night . Wozniak and Smirnoff are up against a bevy of entertainers , including an Olympian , an NFL Hall of Famer , the most successful female rapper in hip-hop history and an actor whose claim to fame is appearing naked in the film "  Sex and the City . " But all that star power has so far been matched by the power of computer geeks who are using what they know best to keep the rhythmically challenged Silicon Valley icon in the game . Chris Harrington , technology director for the Charlotte , North Carolina-based advertising , public relations and new media firm Luquire George Andrews , set up VoteWoz.com and a similarly named Twitter account , which so far has more than 55,000 followers . Harrington -- who began rallying the techie troops almost as soon as ABC announced that Wozniak would be competing -- said he is rooting for the philanthropist because "  he puts more heart and more passion in what he 's doing than some of the other dancers . " "  When you have beautiful athletes , movie stars and TV personalities , and then you mix in a geek , there 's something a little strange and entertaining , " Harrington said . "  Being a fellow geek myself , I thought now is the time to work with the technologies that we know and start pushing for the vote . " That means lots and lots of social networking to spread the love -- and the word of Woz . Joe Patane is a longtime friend of Wozniak 's and one of the officers for the official "  Vote for Woz on ABC 's ` Dancing With the Stars ' " Facebook group . Patane shares his friend 's passion for philanthropy and runs his own foundation and the site joesworld.org . He also knows a bit about reality television . A former cast member of MTV 's "  The Real World : Miami , " Patane was instrumental in convincing his bud to sign on to the show and said the lovable  though some might argue lumbering  Wozniak has garnered fans both young and old . "  He loves his fans , and he 's completely flattered by the fan response , " Patane said . "  He 's a shy guy , and he 's doing a crazy , unique and different thing in his life that he wants to share with the world . " Patane , who is also executive producer of the documentary "  Camp Woz : The Admirable Lunacy of Philanthropy , " said he enjoys watching his friend dance each week . "  He 's the most uniquely giving , loving , happy man , " Patane said . "  With so many people watching this show , it 's a good , infectious way to spread love , joy and hope . " Aaron Petrey of Stanford , Kentucky , is one viewer who has fully embraced the Wozniak mania . He won an autographed copy of the book "  iWoz " for submitting a video of himself imitating Wozniak 's dance moves to VoteWoz.com . Petrey said it 's only natural that fans of Woz would turn to the Internet to support him . "  Without -LSB- Wozniak -RSB- there probably would n't be a YouTube , Twitter or Facebook , " Petrey said . "  He 's the reason why we even have a computer . I like seeing him on the show . " Unfortunately , the "  Dancing With the Stars " judges do n't seem to feel the same way . Despite dancing through injuries -- including a pulled hamstring that sent him to the hospital in an ambulance last week -- Wozniak failed to impress the experts Monday night . While he did manage to score a perfect 10 , it was a collective 10 out of a possible 30 . At one point during Wozniak 's and Smirnoff 's samba , judge Bruno Tonioli put his face in his hands . Wozniak capped their routine by doing his version of the break-dance move known as "  the worm , " but even that failed to save his lackluster performance . "  At some point the novelty wears off , " said judge Carrie Ann Inaba , often cited as the kindest of the three . Wozniak , who beat out former Go-Go 's lead singer Belinda Carlisle after a dance-off in an earlier round , kept his smile throughout the storm of criticism . "  I enjoy it , " he said on the show afterward . "  I 'm going to try to bring my form of entertainment to the world . "	Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak scores this season on "  Dancing With the Stars " Fellow "  geeks " are supporting Wozniak via voting and social-networking sites Wozniak friend : He 's a shy guy "  doing a crazy , unique and different thing " Despite dancing through injuries , Wozniak has n't been a hit with judges
One of the most anticipated Supreme Court decisions in recent times -- Obamacare -- was not announced Monday . That gave an air of anti-climax to an important decision that was handed down , one with its own political baggage and implications for the election , although not nearly as fraught with peril as the health care law . In any other session , the outcome of Arizona v. United States might have been the headline case of a Supreme Court season . Instead , the Obama administration will have to celebrate an incomplete victory in the next 72 hours before the court delivers its ruling on the fate of Obama 's signature legislation . The White House largely won in challenging Arizona 's harsh 2010 immigration law , although it might be difficult to sell that point . Last year , the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals struck down four provisions of the law , ruling that the federal government pre-empted state regulation on immigration . The Supreme Court mostly agreed . Unfortunately for the administration , the Supreme Court reversed the lower court on the most controversial part of the law , the "  show me your papers " provision that requires law enforcement officers to check the immigration status of people while enforcing other laws . Arguably , this provision was designed to force the federal government to take action on illegal immigrants by identifying them to the Department of Homeland Security . By upholding this provision , the Supreme Court allowed Gov. Jan Brewer to claim victory for Arizona 's immigration enforcement efforts : "  Today 's decision by the U.S. Supreme Court is a victory for the rule of law . It is also a victory for the 10th Amendment and all Americans who believe in the inherent right and responsibility of states to defend their citizens . After more than two years of legal challenges , the heart of SB 1070 can now be implemented in accordance with the U.S. Constitution . " But that narrow win is tenuous . The court pointedly did not rule that the provision was constitutional , which means that further court cases may well strike it down at a later date . Arizona can put it into effect , but it probably wo n't take too much time before a case comes up that will put the provision back under scrutiny . The White House will portray the Supreme Court 's ruling on immigration as a principled victory over a state that had infringed on federal prerogatives to manage immigration . It may even get a couple of days ' worth of traction on that argument . That wo n't last long , though , for two reasons . First , the coming Obamacare ruling will vastly overshadow this nuanced win by Thursday morning . Second , this win serves as a reminder that the Obama administration has done a poor job of enforcing immigration law -- and along with Obama 's recent decision to stop deporting some young illegal immigrants -- border states have no reason to expect a second term that will improve on the first .	Ed Morrissey : High court ruling on Arizona immigration law is largely a win for president Morrissey : Ruling is an incomplete win since the fate of Obamacare coming within days Case is a reminder Obama has done a poor job of enforcing immigration law , he says
CNN  -- Here 's hoping Yeiner Garizabalo wears more to court Tuesday than he did in a San Francisco subway station in May . When last we saw him , the 24-year-old appeared in a bizarre video where he , sans clothing , performed acrobatics off subway equipment , then went after commuters trying to catch a train . Garizabalo faces seven charges following the outrageous May 10 incident at a Bay Area Rapid Transit station , a spokesman for the San Francisco District Attorney 's office said Monday . A video of the incident surfaced last week and quickly went viral . In it , a glistening man with a wild mane of hair turns fare gates into balance beams , doing splits and back flips buck-naked . Startled commuters flee as he dashes across the station , attacking people at random . Last week , police said Garizabalo had been arrested , given a mental evaluation , charged with battery and released . He now stands accused of two felony counts of false imprisonment , four misdemeanor counts of battery and one misdemeanor count of sexual battery in the incident , spokesman Alex Bastian said . California defines false imprisonment as "  the unlawful violation of the personal liberty of another . " A judge set Garizabalo 's bail at $ 100,000 after he was re-arrested Monday . He will be arraigned Tuesday afternoon , Bastian said . Garizabalo , who is also known as Yeiner Perez , was , until recently , a member of the ClownSnotBombs Circus . The group posted a statement on its website saying he was no longer affiliated with the group . "  To our knowledge , Mr. Perez never exhibited this type of behavior previously and this episode came as a complete surprise to us , " it said . "  Our hearts go out to those who were impacted by this incident and Mr. Perez himself . We believe Mr. Perez has a medical issue and hope that he receives the medical help that he needs . " CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	Incident occurred May 10 at a subway station in San Francisco Naked man is shown on video doing acrobatics , chasing commuters He 's charged with two felonies , five misdemeanors He is due back in court on Tuesday afternoon
CNN  -- London Olympic heptathlon champion Jessica Ennis can crown a superb year by being named World Female Athlete of the Year for 2012 . Ennis , the poster girl of the London Games , swept to victory in the grueling seven event discipline on the middle Saturday as hosts Britain enjoyed a gold rush . Her efforts and an earlier fine performance at the multi-events meeting in Gotzis , have seen the 26-year-old shortlisted for the top award by the IAAF . The world governing body has also nominated American sprinter Allyson Felix , who completed a superb 200m and 4x400m relay golden double in London . Shot putter Valerie Adams of New Zealand is the third athlete on the shortlist . 2008 Olympic champion Adams was awarded a second successive gold after Nadzeya Ostapchuk of the Belarus was stripped of the title following a failed drugs test . The men 's shortlist , announced Monday , also has a star-studded parade of Olympic champions , led by Jamaica 's Usain Bolt , who won three golds in London in the sprint events . He is joined by American hurdler Aries Merritt , the Olympic champion , who also smashed the world record during 2012 . David Rudisha of Kenya , who set a new world record for the 800m on his way to London gold , completed the trio . The winners of both categories will be announced at the centenary gala dinner of the IAAF in Barcelona on November 24 . The shortlists were decided by a votes cast by a panel of 2,400 people , including officials , coaches and the media .	Jessica Ennis on short list for IAAF Female Athlete of the Year Britain totaled 6955 points on way to winning heptathlon gold in London Valerie Adams and Allyson Felix also selected Usain Bolt , Aries Merritt and David Rudisha to contest men 's honor
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Smokey Robinson wants to use Twitter and Facebook to help solve some of the world 's problems , such as the lack of water and food in developing countries . His "  Smoke Alarm " system should be "  far more effective " than organizing a telethon or charity concert because it is so much faster than physically getting artists together to raise awareness , Robinson said Thursday . "  In this digital age we have the tools to level the playing field for those in need , so I 'm calling on my friends and fans to lend their voices to mine , so we can collectively give voice to those who have none , " Robinson said . The singer and his celebrity friends are linking together to spread the word to hundreds of millions of people quickly when their help is needed . The idea is simple . When an urgent need is identified , Robinson will send out a "  Smoke Alarm " tweet that will be retweeted to the millions of Twitter followers of the celebrities who join his "  Cause Swarm " group . The alarm will be sounded no more than three times year for "  shovel ready " projects , according to David Clark , who created the "  Cause Swarm " Idea . "  The most effective way to defeat an opponent is to overwhelm or swarm them , " Clark said . Hundreds of millions of people around the world should quickly see the call for donations and other help , Robinson said . "  This way , all you 've got to do is use Twitter and get people in who are their fans , " Robinson said . Actors James Franco , Eva Longoria and Hilary Duff , and musicians Elton John , Daryl Hall and Brandy Norwood are already signed up . While they represent a combined 7 million Twitter followers , celebs with much larger followings are expected to join soon , according to his publicist . "  I 'm proud to lend my social media feed to Smokey so we can enable as many people as possible to help those in need , " Franco said . Longoria called Robinson "  a force of nature . " "  I 'm proud to stand with him as he breaks new ground in philanthropy like he 's done countless times in music , " Longoria said . "  What makes Smoke Alarm so powerful is the man and heart behind it . " The celebs who join the Smoke Alarm feed will also post the alerts on their Facebook pages . Robinson announced his plan at the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity in France Thursday . The first Smoke Alarm will be sent out near the end of this year , most likely targeted at helping raise money to bring clean water to communities in need , he said .	NEW : Twitter can be "  far more effective " than telethons , Robinson says When an urgent need is identified , Smokey Robinson will send out a "  Smoke Alarm " Millions of people should quickly see the call as other celebs retweet , Robinson says Elton John , James Franco , Eva Longoria and Hilary Duff are among first to join his cause
CNN  -- For someone who seems to go to great lengths to keep his private life away from prying eyes , late-night talk show host David Letterman has seen a great deal of his personal life become public . David Letterman has mined private events in his life for very public jokes on his show . Heart problems , a troubled stalker and a plot to kidnap his son have all landed Letterman in the news and provided fodder for jokes , including some of his own . The latest , an alleged extortion attempt involving his sexual dalliances  it 's been dubbed "  sextortion " by pundits  , was handled very much the way Letterman fans might expect : with humor and a bit of storytelling . "  He told it as a story that you felt like you were living along with him , and so I think he immediately won your sympathy by telling it that way , " said Hal Boedeker , TV critic for the Orlando Sentinel . "  He also took the seedy factor out of it with restraint by not saying too much and trying to protect the people he was involved with . " Watch Letterman tell what happened " Letterman revealed on his show Thursday night that he 'd had sexual relations with members of his staff and that he had testified about those liaisons before a New York grand jury for a case involving the alleged attempted extortion . A CBS producer , Robert "  Joe " Halderman , has been charged with first-degree attempted grand larceny ; officials said he threatened to go public with the 62-year-old funnyman 's dalliances unless Letterman paid $ 2 million . Halderman pleaded not guilty Friday . The revelation , which Letterman shared with the audience of the "  Late Show , " seemed especially shocking given his reputation as the self-deprecating everyman . "  Letterman picked up on -LSB- that shock -RSB- and played on that , " said Robert Thompson , a professor and founding director of the Bleier Center for Television and Popular Culture at Syracuse University . "  It was the weirdest 10 minutes of television I 've seen in a long time , and yet I think I 've concluded that it was brilliant . " Watch "  Larry King Live " guest host Jim Moret talk to panel about Letterman case " Letterman has had plenty of experience dealing with awkward , and sometimes painful , episodes on television . Beginning in the 1980s , he was stalked by Margaret Ray , a woman with schizophrenia who often broke into his New Canaan , Connecticut , home , wrote him letters and once stole his Porsche . Letterman would sometimes joke about her -- without using her name -- on his show and told The New York Times that was because he joked about every public aspect of his life . Ray would refer to herself as "  Mrs. David Letterman " and once watched the talk show host and his now-wife Regina Lasko from a hallway in their home as they lay in bed . Ray committed suicide in 1998 ; Letterman offered his condolences on-air to her family . Though Letterman was quoted as saying Ray 's actions were usually more odd than frightening , a plot in 2005 to kidnap his then-toddler son proved to be more alarming . Kelly A. Frank , an ex-con who had done some work at Letterman 's Deep Creek Ranch in Montana , was charged with planning to kidnap Letterman 's son , Harry , and his nanny . Frank pleaded guilty to lesser charges and was sentenced to 10 years in jail . In 2007 , he escaped and was later captured . Thompson said Letterman has shown that he is able to rise above his troubles , including emergency bypass surgery in 2000 , with a healthy dose of comedy . This latest incident was no different , Thompson observed . "  The interesting thing is that he never went out of comic mode , " Thompson said . "  His magnum opus was when he was the first late-night comedian to come back after September 11th ... and he did it brilliantly . All of the other comics who came on in the following weeks followed him exactly . " He kept Thursday 's tale so light , Thompson said , that many who may not have been aware of the news would have thought it was just another Letterman bit . "  I think he realized that we are so cynical and so disbelieving of this long string of people apologizing for stuff like this , " Thompson said . "  We do n't believe it anymore , and we think they are only doing it for public relations . But he did n't handle it that way , and he delivered it in such a way that it came across as light-hearted and sincere . " Glenn Selig , founder of the Publicity Agency , said that from a crisis-management perspective , Letterman handled his most recent incident well . "  I think the fact that he put it out there in his own way , in his own terms with the timing that he wanted to do it , that was the best way to go , " Selig said . "  He tried to interject some humor and self-deprecation into it , which I think takes the wind out of those who may have tried to knock him down , because he was already knocking himself down . " And although more intimate , and embarrassing , details may be revealed as the case continues , critic Boedeker said he thinks Letterman , his show and his career will come out well . "  I think his fans are , for the most part , pretty forgiving , " Boedeker said . "  He 's always made fun of himself and his looks . It 's not as if he has set himself up as some paragon of virtue , and I really do n't think this will hurt him in the long run . " A representative for Letterman 's company , Worldwide Pants , said , "  All the relationships David Letterman was referencing when discussing the matter on the ` Late Show ' predated his marriage to Regina " in March .	Alleged plot against David Letterman is n't first time private woes made public Letterman was once stalked and his young son targeted for kidnapping Media expert : Letterman handled reveal of alleged extortion brilliantly TV critic says he believes that fans will be "  pretty forgiving "
CNN  -- A man suspected of fatally shooting two Tampa , Florida , police officers is a suspect in another homicide and is sought for questioning in two others , Police Chief Jane Castor said Thursday . All the homicides have taken place since Dontae Morris was released from prison in April , Castor told reporters . "  We just want to make the public aware of who we 're dealing with here in Dontae Morris , " she said . " ... he 's a cold-blooded killer . " Morris , 24 , is accused of shooting Officers Jeffrey Kocab and David Curtis during an early-morning traffic stop Tuesday near downtown Tampa . The officers , both 31 , later died at a hospital . Morris is also suspected in the killing of a man at an apartment complex , Castor said . That homicide occurred May 18 , according to the Tampa Tribune . "  We are continuing to track down some very , very positive leads , " the chief said , and police remain confident Morris will be apprehended . She said she did n't believe the community was at risk , but said Morris could be moving about , and the situation could be "  unpredictable . " Meanwhile , Morris ' picture was featured on FBI billboards in Florida , Georgia and Alabama , authorities said Thursday . Although it 's not the first time authorities have featured fugitives ' pictures on billboards , the posting of Morris ' photograph marked the first time authorities could post such images themselves , through a partnership with outdoor advertising companies , said Chris Allen , spokesman for the FBI 's Tampa bureau . "  Beforehand , it would have taken the better part of a day or two " to get the photos up by contacting the companies , he said . While the initiative was on standby for the Times Square bombing attempt , it was not used , he said . The billboards went up in Florida shortly after the crime occurred Tuesday , he said . Authorities recently decided to feature the picture in Alabama and Georgia . Other states can be added , too , he said -- authorities simply create the alert on a computer and use a drop-down menu to select states . Asked whether officials plan to use the billboards in other states , Allen said it depends on where the investigation leads authorities . Morris ' picture and information was also put on the website of the television program "  America 's Most Wanted . " Meanwhile , Tampa police said Wednesday afternoon the reward for information leading to Morris ' arrest has increased to $ 100,000 -- the biggest in the city 's history . "  The intensity will keep up until we capture him , " said Tampa Mayor Pam Iorio . Anyone helping or harboring Morris is "  making a huge mistake , " she said . Asked about some citizen complaints about being inconvenienced by the ongoing search , Castor said , "  I am very sorry for anyone 's inconvenience . We do n't want to inconvenience anyone , but our ultimate goal is to keep the citizens of Tampa safe ... I believe that anger should be focused on Dontae Morris . He 's the one that 's causing all this . " Iorio said the evacuation of a building or the closure of a street is a "  small inconvenience " given what authorities are trying to do . Asked about officers ' anger toward Morris , Castor said police are "  reeling over the loss of two family members " but are professionals who will take Morris into custody safely if at all possible . She reiterated , however , that the best course of action would be for Morris to give himself up . Authorities have arrested several of Morris ' associates , she said . According to CNN affiliate Bay News 9 , police are also searching for Morris ' 21-year-old brother for questioning . Public services for the fallen officers will be held Friday evening at a church in Lutz , Florida , Bay News 9 reported . Funeral services are planned for Saturday . The officers were shot after Curtis pulled a vehicle over about 2:15 a.m. ET Tuesday , and the driver -- identified by police as Cortnee Brantly -- gave him identification and vehicle registration that did not match the vehicle , Castor said . Running a criminal history check , Curtis found that the passenger -- identified as Morris -- had an outstanding misdemeanor worthless-check warrant from Jacksonville , Florida . Curtis called for backup , and Kocab responded , police have said . As the two attempted to arrest the suspect , he pulled out a gun and shot them both , Castor has said . A gun was not found at the scene , she said , and police believe Morris still has it . Brantly was taken into custody Tuesday and authorities released her after seven hours of questioning , Castor said . Brantly provided police with information , she said , but "  I would not describe her as cooperative . " Although police had enough information to arrest Brantly , their focus is on apprehending Morris , the chief said . She defended the decision to release Brantly , saying "  there is still a very , very distinct possibility she will be charged down the road ... The community needs to trust in the ability of the TPD . " Kocab 's wife is due to give birth next week , police said at the time of the shootings . Curtis leaves a wife and four sons , ages 9 , 6 , 5 and 8 months .	NEW : All 5 homicides took place since suspect 's release from prison Shooting suspect featured on billboards in Florida , Alabama , Georgia Reward for information leading to Dontae Morris ' arrest at $ 100,000
CNN  -- The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers on Thursday breached the third and final portion of a levee on the Mississippi River to help offset catastrophic floods in communities across several states . The Corps opened the final crevasse in the Birds Point-New Madrid levee , under a plan that blasted holes in the structure with hopes of easing unprecedented flood pressure , said Col. Vernie L. Reichling Jr. , commander of the Memphis district . "  It acted as designed , " Maj. Gen. Michael J. Walsh , president of the Mississippi River Commission , told reporters about the breaching . "  We reduced the gauges at Paducah  Kentucky  3.1 feet . At Cairo  Illinois  , it 's 3.3 feet . " The Corps started the plan on Monday . Some who live where the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers meet said it has helped . The Ohio River level at Cairo , Illinois , has dropped nearly 2 feet since Monday afternoon . Officials said they believe the levels would be up to 3 feet higher now if the levee had not been detonated . Still , the town of Cairo was under a mandatory evacuation order and six other communities were under voluntary evacuation notices , said Patti Thompson , spokeswoman for the Illinois Emergency Management Agency . The decision to breach the Birds Point-New Madrid levee was controversial . Missouri officials took the Corps to court over the plan , questioning the agency 's authority to intentionally breach the levee . The state argued the floodwater would deposit silt on about 130,000 acres , and it would take years , along with millions of dollars , to fix the damage . Maj. Gen. Michael Walsh , commander of the Corps ' Mississippi River Valley Division , made the decision to order the breach . He warned that without punching a hole in the levee , massive flooding would threaten to inundate communities throughout the Mississippi and Ohio river valleys . The U.S. Supreme Court declined to intervene in the case on Sunday , clearing the way for Walsh to blow up part of the levee . Despite the plan , many areas were inundated as the Mississippi River spilled out across huge swaths of farmland , creating massive flooding from Minnesota to Louisiana . The water was coursing across an area of farmland that Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon described as "  literally the most productive part of our continent . " Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill said the Corps ' decision was a tough one for them to make . "  Clearly , this is an epic flood , " she told CNN , adding that the flooding of the farmland is "  an economic devastation to that part of my state . " The sight makes you "  sick to your stomach , " said farmer Bryan Feezor as he surveyed his submerged fields . "  Farming is all I ever have done ... and it 's under water , " he told CNN affiliate KPLR . The flooding has been triggered by heavy rains and meteorologists say it 's not expected to fully relent until early June . More than 20 miles of westbound Interstate 40 in eastern Arkansas was closed due to flooding , state police reported early Thursday . The closure was between the towns of Hazen and Brinkley , according to Lt. Jackie Clark , who said he expects the eastbound lanes to close later in the day . On Thursday , 11 Mississippi counties along the Mississippi River were declared federal disaster areas in anticipation of major flooding , Gov. Haley Barbour said . "  This will be a monumental flood , and I ask residents to take this risk seriously and make evacuation plans , " Barbour said . The state 's department of transportation prepared a list of possible road closures , but as of Thursday afternoon , only one road was closed , Mississippi State Route 465 in Warren and Issaquena counties between U.S. Highway 61 and Eagle Lake , the agency said . "  There is no exact science to this , so it 's imperative that state and federal agencies work closely to lead us through this crisis , " Central District Transportation Commissioner Dick Hall said in a prepared statement . In Tunica County , Mississippi , officials are expecting the the river to crest at 48 feet on Tuesday -- which will be a record since the levee was built along the county 's riverbanks in the mid-1930s , county spokesman Larry Liddell told CNN . Then the river will flow above the 40 feet mark for 40 days , Liddell said . Those heights are still well below the 60 feet needed to push the water over the levee , Liddell said . But the heights are sufficient enough to force the temporary closure , as a precautionary measure , of the county 's nine casinos near the levee , Liddell said . Residential areas by the levee have been evacuated , and about 10,000 sand bags have been deployed , he said . About 40 people are being sheltered in a recreation center , and 34 dogs and 16 cats are now in the Paul Battle Arena , sometimes used for horse or livestock shows , he said . The casinos ' closure for 40 days would amount to a major economic hit to Tunica County , Liddell said . The gambling centers are the closest casinos available , at 16 miles away , for gamblers from Memphis , Tennessee , a state that does n't have such facilities , Liddell said . "  It 's not a happy mood , but we 're happy that we got the levee , " Liddell told CNN . "  It 's a rural county with agriculture No. 1 and casinos No. 2 , and now we do n't have casinos . We do n't know how long it is going to last . We hope it does n't last too long . " Before the flood , "  we were actually 21 % down from last year with the casinos up and running . Now that they 're shut down , we 're 100 % down from last year , " Liddell said . "  We 're just holding on . " CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Eleven Mississippi counties are declared federal disaster areas Sen. Claire McCaskill calls it "  an epic flood " Water from the Mississippi River floods hundreds of square miles of farmland Heavy rains have caused massive flooding from Minnesota to Louisiana
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States will provide $ 73 million in aid to Zimbabwe , President Obama announced Friday after meeting with Zimbabwe Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai at the White House . President Obama  right  praised Zimbabwe Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai at the White House on Friday . "  I obviously have extraordinary admiration for the courage and tenacity that the prime minister has shown in navigating through some very difficult political times in Zimbabwe , " Obama said . "  There was a time when Zimbabwe was the breadbasket of Africa , and -LSB- it -RSB- continues to have enormous potential . It has gone through a very dark and difficult time politically . " Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe "  has not acted oftentimes in the best interest of the Zimbabwean people and has been resistant to the democratic changes that need to take place , " Obama said . "  We now have a power-sharing agreement that shows promise , and we want to do everything we can to encourage the kinds of improvement not only on human rights and rule of law , freedom of the press and democracy that is so necessary , but also on the economic front . " The U.S. aid will not be going to the government directly "  because we continue to be concerned about consolidating democracy , human rights and rule of law , " Obama said . "  But it will be going directly to the people in Zimbabwe . " In a CNN interview following his meeting with Obama , Tsvangirai said he is grateful for the generosity . "  Whether it is humanitarian aid or transitional support , it adds up to the relief that Zimbabwe is seeking , " he said . Watch Tsvangirai discuss importance of aid to Zimbabwe " Tsvangirai said he told Obama he would like the United States to use its global influence to assist Zimbabwe in dealing with the challenges it faces . Tsvangirai said he understood other nations ' reluctance to support the Zimbabwean government , given Mugabe 's controversial history . "  I think it 's fair , " he said . "  I understand it , given our history , and I 'm not going to defend President Mugabe . " But , he noted , the two have agreed to work together and help Zimbabwe progress as a nation . In remarks with Obama , Tsvangirai said progress has been made by the transitional government , but much remains to be done . "  It is the problems of implementation , " he said . " ... even by the standard of our own benchmarks , there are gaps that still exist . " He said he would continue to strive to meet those benchmarks , not for the international community , but because "  it gives -LSB- the -RSB- people of Zimbabwe freedom and opportunity to grow . " The power-sharing arrangement between Tsvangirai , the leader of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change , and Mugabe came after contested elections last year . "  Of course we can not brush away that history , that sad history , " Tsvangirai told CNN . But he said he is hoping the country will heal and move forward , and wants even those skeptical of Mugabe to appreciate the transition process . Asked whether he believes Mugabe should retire , Tsvangirai said "  at the age of 85 , I think one needs to retire . " But , he said , for his own legacy , it 's important for him to be thinking about a "  dignified exit . " "  I think that -LSB- the power-sharing government -RSB- provides him with this opportunity , " Tsvangirai said . Asked about his relationship with Mugabe , he said , "  We do n't have to fall in love to work together . But we have accepted that we have made an agreement to have a workable relationship between the two political parties . " He said there had been acrimony between the two , but they realized it was not helping the Zimbabwean people . "  We are inspired by people like Nelson Mandela , who had to go for 27 years in jail but still come out and say , ` Let 's forget about the past ' ... " he said . He and Mugabe have chosen the process of dialogue rather than violence , Tsvangirai said . "  Let history judge whether this historic experiment was the right course of action . " CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	President Obama praises Zimbabwe PM Tsvangirai , offers $ 73 million in aid Tsvangirai in power-sharing agreement with Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe Tsvangirai on Mugabe relationship : "  We do n't have to fall in love to work together "
Khartoum , Sudan  CNN  -- "  Father we ask that you stand with your child Mariam . We ask that you strengthen and support her and grant her your grace . " It 's the Sunday service in Khartoum and the pastor is leading the Christian congregation in prayers for Mariam Yahya Ibrahim , the mother of two convicted last month for the crime of apostasy after a court ruled that she abandoned the Muslim faith . It 's crime she strenuously denies , maintaining both that she was raised Christian -- in spite of being born to a Muslim father -- and that she would have been within her rights to leave the faith . Neither statement has won her clemency under Sudan 's harsh interpretation of Islamic law . As the pastor finishes his sermon , praying that God grant her strength , even "  as the hangman 's noose swings before her , " he asks that the congregation pray that if she is not granted freedom , the Holy Father will grant her eternal life . More than half the pews arranged before him are empty , and members of the choir struggle to fill the hall with their voices . As Mariam 's case has dragged on , Sudan 's churches have begun to empty . We were asked to conceal the identity of the congregation ; it is clear many Christians here are scared . And activists tell us it is within good reason . After the secession of the majority Christian South in 2011 , Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir announced this new Sudan would be Arab and Islamic in identity . Although Sudan 's constitution made provision for both ethnic diversity and religious freedom , shortly after the president 's highly-publicized speech , the then-minister of religious affairs announced that no licenses would be granted to allow for the building of new churches . Since South Sudan gained independence , problems between Khartoum and the mostly Christian regions bordering the new state have intensified . The new edicts , many activists told us , felt highly politicized . So how deep does the tolerance enshrined in the country 's constitution actually run ? Not very , says Nabeel Adeeb , a prominent Sudanese human rights lawyer , himself a Christian . "  If you look at the laws of the country , " he tells us , "  the laws favor Muslims . " "  Number one , the crime of apostasy , which is creating a wall around Islam that nobody is allowed to leave . " And what is worse , he says , is the sense that extremist sentiment toward Christians is increasingly tolerated . "  In the war of propaganda between the two religions , Christianity will stand no chance . All the media is used to promote Islamic beliefs and to speak about Islam as the only religion and to insult other beliefs , especially Christianity which is normally referred to as being an infidel . " Last year , Adeeb says he documented around 200 cases of Christian foreigners deported for the crime of "  evangelizing . " "  It was almost en masse , " he says . "  They confiscated bibles and searched Christian centers . Deported them without instigating any legal procedures . " CNN has placed an interview request with Sudan 's foreign ministry and has been promised that the foreign minister will address the concerns raised . In the past , the Sudanese government has pointed to the many churches lining the streets of their capital as evidence of its tolerance . Many Sudanese we spoke to think the government is obsessed with a belief that -- as one put it -- "  Christian missionaries  are  converting on every street corner . " One Christian activist , who also declined to be identified , said : "  The church is now contaminated with terror . You do n't feel safe in prayer . " The only hope , she said , was that Mariam 's trial had now brought that terror out into the international spotlight . READ MORE : Husband of jailed Christian fears for family 's lives	Christians in Sudan fearful after mother of two sentenced to death for abandoning Islam Woman denies apostasy , says she was raised Christian despite having Muslim father Christian South seceded in 2011 ; Sudan 's leader has moved country towards more Islamic identity since then Human rights lawyer says hundreds of Christians have been deported for "  evangelizing "
On the second and final day of Jay-Z 's Budweiser "  Made in America Festival " in Philadelphia , conversation remained centered on its host . After bringing out Kanye West and most of his G.O.O.D. Music crew on the first night during his headlining set , the Brooklyn emcee returned on Sunday , joining Pearl Jam for an airtight , riffing take on his Black Album cut "  99 Problems , " a version of the song only comparable to a 2004 collaboration with Phish . Jay 's surprise appearance highlighted what was a momentous set by Eddie Vedder 's crew . Over two hours , the rock vets satiated all levels of fans , mixing set staples  "  Better Man , " "  Alive , " "  Even Flow "  with unexpected gifts , including a full ride through the Vs. cut "  WMA " and a brief interlude into the Ramones ' "  Blitzkrieg Bop " during the outro of "  Daughter . " A day earlier , Jay-Z screened a PSA from Barack Obama for audience members , urging them to vote in the upcoming election . Almost exactly 24 hours later Vedder also dabbled in political gesture : "  I want to talk about one of the political parties , " he told the crowd before charging through the Clash 's protest anthem "  Know Your Rights . " "  I wo n't mention any names , but one of the parties wants to make it harder for you to vote . " This sermon followed a Vedder discourse on the dwindling job market before the appropriately titled "  Unemployable . " Drake , wearing a white-on-white jean-and-tank combo , delivered on the unenviable task of warming up the stage for Pearl Jam . The Young Money rapper , who revealed he 's "  working on a new one right now , " linked up with G.O.O.D Music 's 2 Chainz for a fierce take on the Atlanta rhyme-slinger 's "  No Lie " and MMG 's day-one absentee French Montana for "  Pop That . " The rapper , who got somber during the singsong plea of "  Marvin 's Room , " balanced it out with humor  "  You got a tank top on and your nipples are out , " he told an audience member  . Performing for the first time since the 2002 murder of co-founder Jam Master Jay , seminal hip-hop crew Run-D.M.C . reunited for a triumphant Sunday afternoon set . Surviving members Joseph "  Run " Simmons and Daryl "  D.M.C. " McDaniels paid tribute early and often to their late partner  "  Jam Master Jay was everything to us , so we put a silence on the group , " Run explained of the group 's decade-long hiatus  , even having the late DJ 's two sons , DJ Mizell and J'Son , behind the decks . Run , decked out in full Adidas regalia , made no secret of his elation over returning to the stage : "  Damn , this feels good , " he said at the start of a 40-minute set that peaked with "  It 's Tricky " and "  Mary , Mary . " Immediately after Run-D.M.C . left the stage , rap 's newest generation of talent was put on display with a set from Odd Future , which featured an abundance of "  Wolf Gang " chants and six of the collective 's rappers , including Tyler , the Creator , Earl Sweatshirt , and Hodgy Beats . Late in the set , Tyler debuted a blistering , as-yet-unfinished song , sarcastically prefacing it with a false disclaimer : "  It 's really calm , " he said . It was n't , and Odd Future catalyzed the formation of the only mosh pit Rolling Stone saw all weekend . Punk rockers X attracted a thin crowd late Sunday night at the Liberty side stage ; today 's punks were nowhere to be found , as the band brought in a markedly older demographic . The foursome appeared a little stiff onstage , but aurally speaking , any Eighties cobwebs were thoroughly dusted off as the band nailed classics like "  Los Angeles " and "  Johnny Hit and Run Paulene . " Earlier in the day , with rain falling intermittently on the crowd , Rita Ora -- Roc Nation 's up-and-coming artist  and a finalist for Rolling Stone 's Woman Who Rock contest  -- looked like a street Beyoncé  think beanie and bangs  as she wilded out to her forthcoming debut 's Biggie-inspired , reggae-tinged single "  How We Do  Party  " and "  Hot Right Now . " The Hives , wearing their usual top hats and tuxedos , followed Ora 's performance with an occasionally comical but always full-throttle showing . "  You got hands , clap them . You got a ** es , shake them , " frontman Pelle Almqvist instructed the crowd before launching into their new cut "  Take Back the Toys . " One of Sunday 's biggest draws was Afrojack , whose set spawned a veritable diaspora toward the Freedom Tent after Drake 's main stage performance , siphoning off a considerable number of festivalgoers from X 's set on the nearby Liberty Stage . The DJ and producer spun crowd-pleasers like his remix of Martin Solveig 's "  Hello " as his smoke machines were on in full force . "  We 're going to make it feel like sunshine , " Philly native Santigold promised after inviting a handful of eager fans onstage for "  Creator . " Fellow Philly singer Jill Scott did her part to keep the mood lively , calling on the city 's own Eve for a surprise performance of "  Let Me Blow Ya Mind , " a song which had the hometown crowd singing along with every word . See RollingStone.com for full story .	Jay-Z rocked out at his Philadelphia music festival with Pearl Jam Rapper Drake served as an opening act Run-D.M.C . reunited and payed tribute to Jam Master Jay
CNN  -- America 's bid to spread basketball 's popularity will continue in the next two years , with Britain to stage men 's NBA and women 's WNBA pre-season matches along with Olympic build-up games for the U.S. international teams . London has hosted NBA teams for the past few years , with this week 's double-header between New Jersey Nets and Toronto Raptors the first during a regular season . However , the focus will soon move north of the UK capital to Manchester . The WNBA 's Atlanta Dream will launch the series of matches later this year , when they face an as-yet-unknown opposition in an exhibition contest on May 29 . It will be only the second match outside of the U.S. in the WNBA 's history , coming seven years after the first in Monterrey , Mexico . The U.S. squads will head into the London 2012 Games as gold medallists after both men 's and women 's teams emerged victorious from the 2008 tournament in Beijing , China . The opposition for next year 's preparation matches , which could see basketball superstars such as Kobe Bryant and LeBron James play at the 18,100-capacity Manchester Evening News Arena , have not yet been decided . "  It is a real ` who 's who ' of the basketball world . It will be fantastic preparation , " NBA Europe senior vice president Sophie Goldschmidt told the UK Press Association on Monday . "  It will really tip off their 2012 campaign . Hopefully the people will really embrace them and support the team . " In 2013 , Manchester will then become only the second British city to host an NBA pre-season match . Atlanta Dream head coach Marynell Meadors , whose team reached the play-offs the last two seasons , is looking forward to the new experience . "  It will be terrific for us . This will be our second pre-season game and five days later we open our campaign , " she said . "  It will prepare us for travel . It will prepare us for playing someone different . We will learn something from it . " Goldschmidt said the matches would help boost basketball in one of its developing countries . "  It is great to showcase our events , but it is about the legacy we will leave behind . With every event we bring there will be an integrated plan giving more young kids the chance to get involved in basketball , " she said . "  We feel very positive about the future of the sport in Manchester and throughout the UK . "	Manchester will host the U.S. men 's and women 's Olympic basketball teams The city will also stage NBA and WNBA pre-season matches in the coming years U.S. basketball bosses hoping to boost sport 's popularity in the UK Toronto Raptors and New Jersey Nets to play first regular-season NBA match in London
London  CNN  -- A senior economist at the institution spearheading the bailouts of three eurozone countries has lambasted its lack of leadership and said its first female chief is not fit for the job . In a letter obtained exclusively by CNN and addressed to Shakour Shaalan , dean of the executive board of the International Monetary Fund , 20-year veteran Peter Doyle says he is "  ashamed to have had any association with the Fund at all . " Doyle , a former advisor to the IMF 's European Department , which runs its programs for Greece , Portugal and Ireland , argues the body 's failure to deliver timely and sustained warnings to the region 's dithering politicians had led to widespread suffering for those living in stricken countries and the risk of worse to come . The institution 's lack of decisive action , Doyle says , has left "  the second global reserve currency  the euro  on the brink . " "  The fund for the past two years has been playing catch-up and reactive roles in the last ditch efforts to save it , " he writes . Read full letter here Doyle , a former IMF division head for Israel and non-eurozone nations Sweden and Denmark , was widely respected within the organization , according to IMF insiders who did not wish to be named due to the sensitivity of the issue . Doyle did not work on countries within the monetary union , but his comments highlight strong feelings among the fund 's economists about its work underway in places like Greece . His attack comes amid concerns the fund 's stringent austerity measures for debtor nations are doing more harm than good whilst failing to contain a crisis that is now well into its third year . Doyle penned his missive on June 18 just as senior IMF representatives , including its first female Managing Director , Christine Lagarde , were trying to hammer out a new set of emergency measures with key eurozone heads of government at the Group of 20 summit in Los Cabos , Mexico . Doyle says one of the reasons the IMF has not delivered on its surveillance of the global economy is European bias which if anything , he says , is "  becoming more deeply entrenched . " Lagarde : Euro crisis is ` everyone 's problem ' "  This fact is most clear , " Doyle states , "  in regard to the appointments for Managing Director , which over the past decade , have all-too-evidently been disastrous . " Referring to Lagarde -- who recently completed her first year in the role -- Doyle says , "  even the current incumbent is tainted , as neither her gender , integrity , or elan can make up for the fundamental illegitimacy of the selection process . " Doyle , who copied in Stanley Fischer , governor of the Bank of Israel , and Stefan Ingves , head of the Sweden 's central bank , says his early warnings of the impending crisis were "  identified well in advance but were suppressed . " William Murray , a spokesman for the IMF in Washington , said the fund had found no evidence to substantiate that claim , from Doyle or any other sources . Doyle went on to accuse the IMF 's board of preferring a "  handicapped fund " paralyzed by the powerplay of international politics within its upper echelons and "  subject to those proximate roots of surveillance failure . " "  There are good salty people here , " Doyle signs off , "  but this one is moving on . You might want to take care not to lose others . " The IMF 's Murray says , "  A lot of the points raised are covered by a host of public reports related to the IMF 's economic surveillance and public statements by the management on these issues . "	A former IMF economist blasts the fund for its lack of leadership Peter Doyle , a 20-year veteran of the fund , left the IMF in June Claims IMF indecision has brought the euro "  to the brink " IMF : Issues raised by Doyle "  are covered by a host of public reports "
CNN  -- No U.S. military forces died last month in Afghanistan , marking the first such month in more than seven years and the third time since the war began more than 12 years ago , according to the CNN Library , which tallies the casualties . Here are some other numbers : • The previous months in which no U.S. deaths occurred during Operation Enduring Freedom were January 2007 and July 2002 , CNN Librarian Lindsey Knight said . • Separately , NATO said one of its service members died Tuesday of a non-battle-related injury in southern Afghanistan . • Fourteen U.S. combat deaths have occurred this year in Afghanistan , seven each in January and February . • In all , 2,309 U.S. military members have died in Afghanistan since hostilities began there on October 7 , 2001 . Three additional Department of Defense civilians have died . According to NATO 's website , its primary goal is to help Afghan authorities provide effective security across the country and ensure that terrorists can not again use the country as a haven . Its mission is slated to end at the end of the year . INTERACTIVE : Explore the number of U.S. and coalition troops who have died in Iraq and Afghanistan	Last month is one of three months since 2002 that no U.S. military have died in Afghanistan The previous months were July 2002 and January 2007 A NATO service member died Tuesday in southern Afghanistan In all , 2,309 U.S. military members have died in Afghanistan since October 7 , 2001
Amadou Bagayoko and Mariam Doumbia are the blind husband and wife team from Mali who first gained widespread international attention in 2005 with their album "  Dimanche a Bamako " . Amadou and Mariam have made the crossover to find international pop success . After writing and performing together since they met at Institute of Young Blind of Bamako in 1977 , their international break-through came when world music heavyweight Manu Chao produced their commercial hit album . With a more pop-friendly sound but with the couple 's positive and mesmeric vocals and Bagayoko 's guitar playing , the duo have been feted by musicians across the world ; the played opening sets for the Scissor Sisters and will be the opening act for Coldplay on their latest tour . Having made the transition from world music to international pop sensations the couple talk to African Voices about their journey through music , coping with the setback of blindness and how their careers are on a high over 30 years after they began singing . Watch the show on CNN on Saturday July 25 , 12.30 , 21.30 GMT and Sunday July 26 , 18.00 GMT .	Blind husband and wife team from Mali have become international music stars Met at Institute for Young Blind in Bamako in 1977 , married three years later 2005 album brought them crossover fame ; opening act for Coldplay before solo tour
CNN  -- Boarded up windows on austerity-hit Main Streets are a familiar site as the economic downturn bites hard , but gleaming storefronts in another corner of the retail sector prove that , for some , the worst of times can also be the best . Luxury brands , including fashion label Burberry and vehicle manufacturer Rolls-Royce , have all enjoyed bumper years , recording slump-busting profits that may raise eyebrows among consumers forced to tighten their non-snakeskin belts . Such income surges will dispel doubts raised when markets first began to falter over the resilience of the high-end market . However , they also redraw the world 's shopping map , showing how emerging economies are spreading their spending wings . "  The most fundamental driver for that kind of growth is coming from sales to consumers from emerging markets like China and India , " said Imran Amed , who runs the Business of Fashion website . "  But also I just returned from Brazil where things are booming . " For Burberry , whose signature trench coat is clearly proof against recession as well as the British weather it was designed for , this translates into a 21 % leap in turnover in the last quarter alone . Rolls-Royce , meanwhile , has posted its best results in its 107-year-history thanks to 2011 sales of more than 3,500 of its stately $ 308,000-plus cars -- a year-on-year profit jump of 31 % . Such figures are in contrast to the bleak environment elsewhere in the retail sector . European Commission figures show that sales fell by 2.5 % in the eurozone between November 2010 and 2011 , and by 1.3 % across the European Union . Richard Perks , director of retail research at industry analysis company Mintel , said Europe 's luxury brands have remained relatively unaffected by reduced spending because the global consumer base for exclusive goods is expanding , chiefly in Asia . It 's a situation that has put luxury retailers in what Bernard Fornas , CEO of French watchmaker and jeweler Cartier , describes as "  a good mood . " "  The luxury market is always more optimistic than most other industries because we have the addition of a new continent -- China , " he told CNN . "  The Chinese consume locally , but there are about 70 million traveling around the world , so we benefit from that because we sell a dream , we sell emotion and nowadays , more than ever , we need that . " While emerging market appetites have , according to Amed , caught the entire luxury sector on a "  rising tide , " Guy Chatillon , CEO of Ralph Lauren Watch and Jewelry , says it is important for brands to push hard for their share . However , he says , high-end brands have little to fear from rising raw material costs that have added to the pressures on other sectors of the economy . "  Luxury is about quality detail and authenticity , " he said . "  It is long term . " Outside of Asia and Brazil , wealthy consumers are also reaching for their Louis Vuitton purses again following several years of downturn-induced caution , according to Amed . He says that while economic hard times have hit those in the middle to lower income brackets , in countries such as Britain and the United States "  there 's an elite class of consumer that remains untouched by the crisis . " "  Everyone stopped shopping in 2008 because there was a crisis of confidence ; everyone 's financial portfolio was hit , " he said . "  And , even if you did have money and were n't that affected by everything , it was seen as a bit crass to go out spending on luxury goods . Now that a certain amount of time has elapsed , I think that hesitation to shop has dissipated somewhat and the big spenders are out spending again . "	Luxury brands including Burberry and Rolls-Royce report strong profits Analysts say entire luxury sector is bucking trend of economic downturn China and other emerging markets seen as key market drivers
CNN  -- English champions Chelsea scored six goals for the second successive match of the new Premier League season at home to Wigan Athletic to match Arsenal 's effort earlier on Saturday . Nicolas Anelka and substitute Salomon Kalou scored twice each for the London side , while Florent Malouda and Yossi Benayoun also netted as Chelsea again set the mark for Manchester United to follow ahead of last season 's runners-up 's trip to Fulham on Sunday . It was the second successive heavy defeat for Wigan manager Roberto Martinez , leaving the Spaniard an early favorite to be the first casualty of the season . Wigan beat Chelsea near the start of last season , but suffered an 8-0 thrashing on the final day of the campaign in April and have now shipped 25 goals in five league matches . France winger Malouda broke the deadlock from close range in the 33rd minute after Frank Lampard 's effort was saved by Chris Kirkland , then Anelka scored twice in four minutes after halftime -- the second a header set up by last weekend 's hat-trick hero Didier Drogba . Drogba nets hat-trick as Chelsea crush West Brom James McCarthy hit the post for Wigan , who had an effort by Mauro Boselli ruled out for offside before Malouda 's replacement Kalou made it 4-0 in the 78th minute . Wigan 's French Mohamed Diame was carried off with an injury , then Ivory Coast forward Kalou netted another goal with a minute to play and Israeli substitute Benayoun scored his first since joining from Liverpool in time added on . Young England winger Theo Walcott netted a hat-trick as Arsenal brought promoted Blackpool back to earth with a 6-0 crushing in north London . Blackpool had thrashed Wigan 4-0 away in the small club 's historic first Premier League outing , but were outclassed to end a difficult week following the resignation of chairman Karl Oyston amid reports he may be made bankrupt . Walcott put Arsenal ahead in the 13th minute , and the match was effectively ended just after half an hour when visiting defender Ian Evatt was sent off for fouling Marouane Chamakh on the edge of the area . English Premier League preview Andrei Arshavin scored the resulting penalty , Walcott made it 3-0 six minutes before halftime and Abou Diaby scored the fourth four minutes after the break . The midfielder set up Walcott 's hat-trick goal on 58 and Morocco striker Chamakh made up for a series of misses as he scored his first for Arsenal to seal the romp with eight minutes left . Tottenham bounced back from the 3-2 Champions League defeat by Young Boys with a controversial 2-1 win at Stoke , despite missing several injured players . Stoke suffered a second successive defeat as debutant striker Jon Walters ' late effort was ruled out despite appearing to have crossed the goal line . Gareth Bale scored both goals for the London team , the first coming in the 20th minute after his shot was saved and then Stoke defender Ryan Shawcross blocked Peter Crouch 's headed rebound into his path . Striker Ricardo Fuller leveled five minutes later but attacking full-back Bale made it 2-1 on the half-hour with a superb volley . Stoke suffered a double blow , with Malian striker Mamady Sidibe possibly ruled out for the rest of the season after snapping his Achilles tendon late in the match . West Ham also fell to a second defeat under new manager Avram Grant , losing 3-1 at home to Bolton as striker Carlton Cole missed a penalty and fellow England international Matthew Upson scored an own-goal . Jussi Jaaskelainen saved striker Cole 's weak 33rd-minute spot-kick before defender Upson headed into his own net three minutes after halftime , then Sweden striker Johan Elmander netted twice either side of Mark Noble 's penalty consolation for West Ham  79  . Birmingham also missed a penalty but bounced back to beat Blackburn 2-1 with both goals from Craig Gardner after Steven Nzonzi gave the visitors the lead . Ben Foster denied Morten Gamst Pedersen five minutes after halftime following Nikola Zigic 's foul on Christopher Samba , then French midfielder Nzonzi headed in a corner . But James McFadden set up Gardner 's first on 57 and the midfielder smashed a spectacular winner from long range with 19 minutes to play to leave both teams with three points from two outings this season . West Brom bounced back from last Saturday 's thrashing by beating Sunderland 1-0 thanks to a late winner from new signing Peter Odemwingie , with the Nigeria striker netting in the 81st minute just a day after sealing his move from Russian club Lokomotiv Moscow . Wolverhampton followed up their opening win with a 1-1 draw at Everton as striker Sylvan Ebanks-Blake 's 75th-minute goal canceled out the opener by Australia midfielder Tim Cahill just before halftime . In Sunday 's other game , promoted Newcastle host Aston Villa , while on Monday Liverpool travel to Manchester City .	Chelsea thrash Wigan in late match for a second successive 6-0 victory in new season Double winners follow up thrashing of West Brom as Nicolas Anelka scores twice Arsenal winger Theo Walcott scores hat-trick in 6-0 victory over 10-man Blackpool Gareth Bale nets twice in Tottenham 's controversial 2-1 win away to Stoke City
EW.com  -- If you love the films of Joel and Ethan Coen , you know that they always look at the world through jaundiced , snark-colored glasses ; they 'll never be warm and toasty . That quality of metaphysical cynicism runs through all my favorite Coen brothers films , from "  Fargo " to "  Burn After Reading " to "  A Serious Man . " But I was still taken aback to see their jokey misanthropy applied to "  Inside Llewyn Davis , " a tale set in the achingly sincere Greenwich Village folk-music scene of 1961 . Llewyn Davis  Oscar Isaac  is a musician who 's the definition of " struggling . " He 's a talented scrounger , crashing on his friends ' couches and living off the pass-around basket after gigs . Really , he 's a step away from dereliction . ` Inside Llewyn Davis ' : Oscar Isaac , Marcus Mumford , and the Punch Brothers perform a song from the film The film opens with Llewyn performing a song at the Gaslight Cafe , and he 's a terrific singer -- direct , emotional , and pure . Isaac , the Guatemalan-born actor and musician who plays him , has hooded dark eyes set off here by a thick beard and unruly black hair  he 's like Lenny Bruce as a hipster rabbinical student  . He gives Llewyn an earnest , dweeby-sexy Everyman solidity . But "  Inside Llewyn Davis " is about how life has played a cosmic joke on Llewyn . The quiet , humble folk scene , though no one really knows it yet , is fading ; it 's about to be washed over by the tidal wave of Dylan , and by the pop commercialization represented by Peter , Paul and Mary . Prize Fighter : Best Actor shapes up as the Oscars ' toughest race Llewyn is friendly with a musician couple , Jim  Justin Timberlake  and Jean  Carey Mulligan  , who is pregnant -- possibly by Llewyn , whom she despises . When Jim and Jean get up on stage to perform " 500 Miles , " we 're meant to see that the song , in its lilting loveliness , spells the end for singers like Llewyn . He was once part of a duo himself , but his singing partner killed himself by jumping off the George Washington Bridge , and Llewyn , having gone solo , is now a desperate jerk who treats people like crap because he 's hurting deep down inside . The Coens bring the pre-Dylan 1960s Village to life with a spangly authenticity that leaps off the screen . There 's now a "  Mad Men " fascination to this era , and the Coens capture how the wintry streets and scuzzy apartments -- the peeling-paint rooms and comically narrow hallways -- were romantic in their very discomfort . You had to want to be in the Village , playing folk songs for peanuts  sometimes literally  . And Llewyn Davis , though not a nice guy , has that spirit . Top 10 Movies of ' 13 : Chris Nashawaty Picks ... The film charts his downward spiral , and for a while I wondered : Why introduce a hero with talent only to mock his dreams ? Yet the more I watched "  Inside Llewyn Davis , " the more I saw that there is something indelible in the Coens ' vision of a morosely gifted loser slipping through the cracks . When Llewyn goes into the studio to help record a satirical novelty song called " Please Mr. Kennedy , " the movie seems to have the makings of an ebullient folk musical . But the Coens are way too sardonic for that . With "  Inside Llewyn Davis , " they 've made a film that is almost spooky in its perversity : a lovingly lived-in , detailed tribute to the folk scene that -- hauntingly -- has shut their hero out . Grade : A - See the original story at EW.com .	"  Inside Llewyn Davis " is set in the Greenwich Village folk scene of 1961 Oscar Isaac 's Llewyn Davis is a musician who 's the definition of " struggling " The film charts his downward spiral "  Llewyn Davis " is a detailed tribute to the folk scene that shut their hero out
CNN  -- At least 19 people were killed and more than 100 were wounded Tuesday in bombings in Iraq , police said . The latest attacks come amid a recent uptick in Sunni-Shiite violence in Iraq that has killed at least 266 people in the past three weeks , according to a CNN tally . The violence has conjured fears that the all-out sectarian conflict that erupted last decade is starting again . A suicide bomber wearing an explosive vest in Tarmiya killed three soldiers and wounded seven others in an attack on a checkpoint . Tarmiya is predominantly Sunni . A car bombing killed five people and wounded 43 others in a Shiite Turkmen neighborhood in Tuz Khurmato . Three roadside bombs at a cattle market in the ethnically mixed city of Kirkuk killed six people and wounded 25 others . On Tuesday evening , five people at a busy outdoor market on the western outskirts of Baghdad were killed by a car bomb . At least 18 others were wounded . A second attack in the predominantly Sunni neighborhood appeared to target an Army patrol . It wounded three soldiers and three civilians . Yet another bomb in southern Baghdad injured four people . These follow a string of attacks Monday that left dozens dead and wounded . Shiites bore the brunt of those attacks .	Much of Tuesday 's violence was in the northern part of the country One attack involved three bombs at a cattle market In three weeks , 266 people have been killed , according to a CNN tally
Former CIA Director David Petraeus testified on Capitol Hill Friday that the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , in September was an act of terrorism committed by al Qaeda-linked militants . That 's according to U.S. Rep. Peter King , R-New York , who spoke to reporters after a closed hearing in the House , which lasted an hour and 20 minutes . King said Petraeus ' testimony differed from an earlier assessment the former CIA director gave lawmakers just days after the September 11 attack , which left four Americans dead , including U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens . "  He  Petraeus  ... stated that he thought all along he made it clear that there was significant terrorist involvement , and that is not my recollection of what he told us on September 14 , " King said . "  The clear impression we were given  in September  was that the overwhelming amount of evidence was that it arose out of a spontaneous demonstration , and was not a terrorist attack , " he said . U.S. officials initially said the violence erupted spontaneously amid a large protest about a privately made video produced in the United States that mocked the Prophet Mohammed . The intelligence community later revised its assessment , saying it believes the attack was a planned terrorist assault . King said that the word spontaneous was minimized during Petraeus ' testimony Friday , which was given one week after he resigned from the CIA . Lawmakers said they did n't ask him about why he left the agency . Petraeus has admitted an extramarital affair with his biographer . Critics of the administration have suggested that his resignation might be linked to fallout over the attack . What do we know so far about the Petraeus scandal ? The Benghazi attack became a political hot button during a presidential election year and raised questions regarding issues such as security at the compound and the Obama administration 's initial description of the events . King told reporters that he likes Petraeus and that it was uncomfortable , at times , to interview a man he considers a friend . "  He was a strong soldier . Very professional , very knowledgeable , very strong , " King said . "  He 's a solid guy . I consider him a friend , which made the questioning tough . You realize the human tragedy here . " After he spoke at the House Intelligence hearing , Petraeus testified in front of the Senate Intelligence Committee . He was ushered into both sessions without reporters being able to get a camera shot of him , and after he testified he left the premises , CNN learned . Petraeus was not asked to testify under oath , King said . King and other lawmakers said Petraeus testified that his resignation had nothing to do with the consulate attack . That matches what Petraeus told Kyra Phillips of HLN , CNN 's sister network . He said his resignation was solely a result of his extramarital affair with his biographer , Paula Broadwell . He added that he never passed classified information to her . Prior to Friday 's hearings , it was thought that Petraeus would tell lawmakers that the CIA knew soon after the attack that Ansar al Sharia was responsible for it , according to an official with knowledge of the case . The official spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the subject matter . Ansar al Sharia is more of a label than an organization , one that 's been adopted by conservative Salafist groups across the Arab world . Related : What is Ansar al Sharia ? It was not known whether Petraeus spoke specifically about Ansar al Sharia during Friday 's sessions . After the House committee hearing , Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger , D-Maryland , said the confusion over the consulate incident arose from there being essentially two threads of violence : one caused by the protest , which was chaotic , and a second that was orchestrated by terrorists , which was highly coordinated . There were "  two different types of situations at play , " Ruppersberger said , explaining that in the hours and days after the attack , it was naturally difficult to clearly discern what happened . Intelligence evolves , he said , and new information comes out when agents obtain it . He played down the idea that there was something untoward going on . Petraeus : I did not pass on classified information The former CIA chief has said there was a stream of intelligence from multiple sources , including video at the scene , that indicated Ansar al Sharia was behind the attack , according to an official with knowledge of the situation . Meanwhile , separate intelligence indicated the violence at the consulate was inspired by protests in Egypt over an ostensibly anti-Islam film clip that was privately produced in the United States . The movie , "  Innocence of Muslims , " portrayed the Prophet Mohammed as a womanizing buffoon . There were 20 intelligence reports that indicated that anger about the film may be to blame , the official said . The CIA eventually disproved those reports , but not before Petraeus ' initial briefing to Congress when he discussed who might be behind the attack and what prompted it . During that briefing , he raised Ansar al Sharia 's possible connection as well as outrage about the film , the official said . Earlier , an official said that Petraeus ' aim in testifying was to clear up "  a lot of misrepresentations of what he told Congress initially . " Petraeus testified that he developed unclassified talking points in the days after the attack but he had no direct involvement in developing the ones used by Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , King said . "  No one knows , yet , exactly who came up with the final version of the talking points , other than to say the original talking points prepared by the CIA were different from the ones that were finally put out , " said King , stressing that the original talking points were more specific about al Qaeda involvement . Rice has been under fire for suggesting the attack on the consulate was a spontaneous event spurred by a protest against the anti-Muslim film . The three unclassified talking points that were used by Rice on September 16 were read aloud to reporters on the Hill Friday . They are : -- The currently available information suggests that the demonstrations in Benghazi were spontaneously inspired by the protests at the US Embassy in Cairo and evolved into a direct assault against the U.S. diplomatic post in Benghazi and subsequently its annex . There are indications that extremists participated in the violent demonstrations . -- This assessment may change as additional information is collected and analyzed and as currently available information continues to be evaluated . -- The investigation is ongoing , and the U.S. government is working with Libyan authorities to bring to justice those responsible for the deaths of U.S. citizens . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , the California Democrat who leads the Intelligence Committee , read the points to journalists and vigorously defended Rice . Feinstein said lawmakers should be careful not to "  pillory " someone for intelligence failings . "  We have seen wrong intelligence before and it all surrounded our going into Iraq , and a lot of people were killed based on bad intelligence , " she said . "  And I do n't think that is fair game . I think mistakes get made . You do n't pillory the person . "  To select Ambassador Rice because she used an unclassified talking point , to say that she is unqualified to be secretary of state , I think , is a mistake , " the senior lawmaker said . "  And the way it keeps going it is almost as if the intent is to assassinate her character . " There has been speculation that Rice was among the people being considered as a replacement for Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , if she steps down as she has indicated . But the committee 's senior Republican , Saxby Chambliss of Georgia , said he does n't think the issue is settled . He said the concern is not whether the talking points were correct , but that Rice did n't go far enough . "  She knew at that point and time that al Qaeda was very likely responsible in part or in whole for the death of Ambassador Stevens , " he said , intimating that Rice should have said that . Read a transcript of Rice 's comments on CNN about the attack	Rep. Peter King says David Petraeus ' account differs from an earlier assessment A U.S. ambassador and three others were killed in the Benghazi attack Lawmakers say Petraeus said his resignation had nothing to do with Benghazi
Washington  CNN  -- As the Republican primary reaches its halfway point , the question of inevitability is a main topic of conversation . Is former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , who holds a sizable lead in delegates , destined to be the Republican nominee for president in 2012 ? While Romney 's campaign says yes , his three rivals argue otherwise . Mathematically , former Sen. Rick Santorum , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Rep. Ron Paul all still have a chance to win the nomination . But the odds are quickly stacking against each one of them . One mishap now could cost them the chance of an outright win before the Republican National Convention in Tampa , Florida . How to win the nomination Every primary contest comes down to one thing : amassing as many delegates as possible . These delegates are elected to go to the national convention , where they will officially nominate the candidate to represent the Republican Party in the general election against President Barack Obama . It takes 1,144 delegates to win the GOP nomination . As of Monday , CNN estimates that Romney has 519 delegates , Santorum has 239 , Gingrich has 138 , and Paul has 69 . Delegates are allocated based on primary and caucus results , per the state Republican Party 's rules . The rules differ from state to state , but most are approved by the Republican National Committee . Some states have a one-day primary , some have a multistep caucus system , and others have a mix of the two . New Hampshire , South Carolina , Florida , Michigan and Arizona were penalized for moving their primaries outside the window authorized by the national committee . The road to 1,144 Romney 's delegate total puts the odds in his favor . CNN estimates that there are 1,290 delegates up for grabs , meaning Romney would need 49 % of the remaining delegates to win the nomination . His plan : Stay the course . "  We 're going to the convention with more than 1,144 delegates , " said Rich Beeson , Romney 's political director . "  We 're going to do what we 've always done . We 've had a plan since day one . " Contests in Illinois , Maryland , Wisconsin and Washington appear to favor Romney . But the way the rules read , most delegates are awarded in a proportional manner , making it almost impossible for one candidate to win them all in one contest . There are some contests remaining in which delegates are winner-take-all : Washington , Delaware , New Jersey and Utah . That does not mean Santorum ca n't catch up . He needs 70 % of the remaining delegates to win the nomination before the convention . Santorum 's focus : the May contests . "  We believe that May 8th is the beginning of the end for Mitt Romney and the date that puts Rick Santorum on a path to the nomination , " John Patrick Yob , a Santorum strategist , wrote in a recent campaign memo . North Carolina , Indiana and West Virginia vote that day ; a win in all three could be pivotal to changing the momentum of the race . Santorum is n't the only one looking ahead to May . The Gingrich campaign believes those and other May contests such as Arkansas , Kentucky and Texas will be fertile ground for delegates as well . The 152 delegates at stake in Texas could be a boon for all the candidates . Gingrich has the endorsement of Gov. Rick Perry , who unsuccessfully sought the GOP presidential nomination . Expect Gingrich to lean on Perry when the primary turns to Texas . "  With 4 candidates remaining , the GOP nomination now moves into unchartered waters with history in the making , " wrote Randy Evans , senior adviser , and Martin Baker , political director to Gingrich , in a recent campaign memo . "  The sequencing and pace of the second half favors Newt . " For Gingrich and Paul , the numbers are more difficult . They need 78 % and 83 % of the remaining delegates , respectively , to earn the nomination . Paul 's plan : unpledged delegates . Delegates : Pledged , unplugged and the power to switch Not all delegates are the same . "  Pledged " delegates are required to vote for the candidate based on the results of their state 's contests . "  Unpledged " delegates are allowed to vote for any candidate they choose , regardless of the results in their state . For Paul , this could mean picking up delegates in states that have already held their first round of voting . In many caucus states , the first round usually has a nonbinding presidential straw poll and an election of delegates to another local convention . These delegates then go to a county , congressional district or state convention . At this second-stage convention , which could occur months after the initial vote , the actual delegates for Tampa are selected . The process varies from state to state . In some states such as Iowa , delegate selections are done at different events . Congressional district delegates are elected at the district conventions , while at-large delegates are elected at the state convention . This is where the Paul campaign sees an opening . The congressman is counting on his strong grass-roots organization to help him pick up delegates at these local conventions . "  Our campaign has continued to follow up and work the delegate selection processes in the states where contests have already been held , and we plan to work hard to collect delegates in upcoming states where the awarding of delegates is proportional , " Gary Howard , Paul 's national press secretary , said in a statement . "  No one can afford to think too far ahead right now , it is still a wide open race so our campaign will continue to hunt for as many delegates as we can gain up until the convention . " Most of the delegate-selecting conventions in caucus states have yet to take place . In Wyoming , Paul did see a loss of a couple of delegates between the first straw poll and the county conventions . His supporters will have to rally stronger to make sure he maintains -- if not picks up -- delegates . Unpledged delegates can also change their minds and vote for a different candidate . This is why it is extremely important for campaigns to have strong organization to try and pick up new delegates , while making sure they hold on to unpledged delegates who expressed support . "  The accumulation concept is analogous to attaining one 's GPA -- harder to bring up than to start up -- so is the delegate horse trading , " said Mary Matalin , a former campaign adviser for George H.W. Bush . "  If you do n't have good solid , ` political ' ones and full slates from the get-go , it 's harder , if even possible , to move them around . " The three most important delegates Unpledged delegates will sometimes follow three key members of their state 's delegation : the party chair and the two national committee members . Except in states where they 've lost their vote due to a penalty , these three members are part of every voting delegation at the convention . The three members are leaders in the party and often have contact and influence with the campaigns and their state 's delegation . If the convention is brokered , they can advise delegates on possibly switching their vote on a second or third ballot . "  They become magnifying forces for other unpledged or second ballot switchers , " Matalin said . Most pledged delegates are bound only on the first vote , making it crucial for any candidate who does not want a floor fight at the convention to lock up their delegates ahead of time . The three committee members can help accomplish that . While a brokered convention might not seem like a pressing issue , Republican leaders will want to avoid the chaos . It takes to time prepare to run a national campaign , which the winning candidate wo n't have if the nomination is n't decided until late August in Tampa . If you 're a Republican national delegate , that 's the last thing you want , for one important reason . "  Essentially , what they 're saying is that ` we have a nominee with 60 days to go against Obama , the most funded president in American history , ' " said Beeson , Romney 's political director . "  My guess is , if you 're a delegate to the RNC , you want to beat Barack Obama , and this is not how you 're going to do it . " CNN Political Research Director Robert Yoon contributed to this report .	It takes 1,144 delegates to win the GOP nomination CNN estimate : Romney has 519 delegates , Santorum has 239 , Gingrich has 138 , Paul has 69 Mathematically , Santorum , Gingrich and Paul all still have a chance to win the nomination But the odds are quickly stacking against each of Mitt Romney 's rivals
OPRAH.com  -- A few months ago , we had one of those stomach flus familiar to parents of young children everywhere . My son threw up all over his bed , and I was n't feeling so hot myself . A wiser woman would do her best to forget this nightmare , but in our house , the ups and downs get immortalized on Twitter and Facebook . So when my husband headed off to a gathering of twitterers the next day , I could n't resist posting an update . And of course my update had to introduce a new hashtag , one of those keywords  preceded by a # sign  that people use to organize conversations on Twitter : @robcottingham off to #vancouvertweetup while I go home to #pukefest Rob 's response : @awsamuel Will try to moderate drinking sufficiently to prevent hashtag convergence . #vancouvertweetup #pukefest But Rob was n't the only person to respond . Our friend Jordan saw our tweets and chimed in : @awsamuel @robcottingham It sounds as though we 're experiencing the same kind of week . Praise Pedialyte ! Pukefest may have started as a one-liner , but it turned into a lifeline . Three nights after our Twitter exchange , #pukefest claimed our daughter . The poor kid was epically sick : She threw up for hours and hours , all night long . Thanks to Jordan 's tip , we were ready with the Pedialyte , and when the puking finally stopped , we were able to get Sweetie hydrated and perked up very quickly . Oprah.com : The secret lives of moms If it takes a village to raise a child , that village no longer needs to be defined by the place you happen to live . Given the mobility of today 's young parents , it 's probably better if you 're not reliant on the people in your own town or city : You need a village of co-parents who can travel with you , who will be wide awake in their time zone when you 're groggily dealing with a middle-of-the-night crisis in yours . 6 ways technology can help you parent Get support When we were expecting our daughter , we knew we were likely to have breastfeeding challenges . I 'd had a breast reduction many years before , back in the day when the surgery almost inevitably compromised a mom 's future ability to nurse . Thanks to the Web , I discovered Breast Feeding After Reduction  BFAR  , a Yahoo group for moms who 'd been in the same position . They got me past the tears and ready to embrace feeding my baby in whatever way she needed . Oprah.com : The secret language of babies Get information Shortly after our son was born , we had a chat with some friends who told us how they avoided using any plastic food storage , strictly for health reasons . Sounded crazy to me , but I Googled to see what scientific evidence was available for or against plastic . And I came across an extensive campaign , dating back to 1999 -- years before we became parents -- drawing attention to the lack of scientific evidence about the safety of BPA , the plastic used in many baby bottles , including the Avent bottles we used . There was enough cause for worry that we decided to switch bottles , and I wrote an extensive blog post on about BPA and the alternative bottles we 'd discovered . A year later , the BPA issue got in the headlines once again , and there was suddenly a mass exodus of parents from Avent bottles and the like . But I did n't panic : My blog post had gotten me up-to-speed on the issue in time to get my son off the questionable bottles . Oprah.com : The best books to read to your kids Get inspiration As astonishing as this may sound , we had trouble getting each of our kids to sleep through the night . We read lots of sleep books and even hired a sleep consultant , but each stage of development brought a fresh batch of sleep problems . And each time , we 'd find fresh inspiration on the Web . These days , the chief tool in our bedtime arsenal comes from a great idea we found online : Give your kid a "  pass " at bedtime , good for one glass of water , trip to the bathroom or whatever the latest request might be . With this tip we were able to go from 90 minutes of bedtime drama to just 10 or 15 giving us back our evenings ! Get stuff Another tip we read on lots of parenting sites was to provide an "  attachment object , " typically a blanket or toy that your baby or child will cling to for comfort and sleep . And many parents emphasized the importance of having a backup in case the favored object goes missing . When our daughter got attached to a green elephant , we purchased a second identical elephant the next week . Little did we know that we 'd also need one to keep at daycare and one to pack in her daycare earthquake kit . By that time , the elephant was long gone from our local baby store -- but with some effort , we located a supply online . No matter how obscure your parenting quest , you 're likely to find your object of desire somewhere online . Oprah.com : Love your kids with all your might and still raise a good kid Get help The Web is a great place to find sitters and other help , if you know where to look . I 've generally had great success hiring off Craigslist for both home and business , partly because we make a point of conveying our character : Do you love to bring order to chaos ? We can supply the chaos . We have small kids  both in daycare  and a thriving business , so we really need another person who can help us at home . We may leave our kitchen looking like a disaster area , but we really appreciate the person who restores it to order , and the people who have worked with us at home or in our office have loved working for us . I get lots of responses , and I 'm conscientious about checking references . But no system is foolproof : One lovely young woman who came highly recommended looked after our kids several times before we came home early and found our vodka bottle on the kitchen counter ... and then hidden away as soon as we turned our back . After that experience , we resorted to a subscription-based website that matches sitters with parents , and found a great sitter among the many responses . And unlike referrals from friends , you 're not competing for sitter time with people you know , so you 're less likely to come up empty on the night of the big party . Get expertise We 're expertise junkies . I might as well confess that in the past five years , we 've had a business coach , a money coach , a sales coach , a doula , a lactation consultant , a sleep coach , a professional organizer and a parenting coach . We 've worked with some people by phone and with others in person , but it was our parenting coach -- Barb Desmarais -- who suggested video conferencing via Skype . In just a few conversations , we were transformed from daunted parents of a newly argumentative toddler into a confident , relaxed Dad and a gently authoritative Mom . For five whole minutes . Okay , so the Internet ca n't turn us into superparents . But what can ? As parenting coach Barb once said to us , "  We are all perfect parents -- until we have kids . " What the Internet can do is remind you that you are not the only parent to come up short . And in that recognition comes the self-acceptance and peer camaraderie to get the advice , support and inspiration to be the best imperfect parent you can be . Alexandra Samuel , Ph.D. , is the director of the Social + Interactive Media Centre at Emily Carr University and the principal of Social Signal , a social media agency that has launched more than 30 online communities . Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Author recalls how Twitter helped when illness hit kids in her house Friend reading comments on sick son , tweeted about product that helped daughter Peers give advice , support and inspiration to be best imperfect parent you can be Or you can have experts Skype their advice to you directly -- for a fee
CNN  -- The NBA has fined the Cleveland Cavaliers owner $ 100,000 for remarks he made after LeBron James announced he was leaving the team . NBA Commissioner David Stern said Monday that team owner Dan Gilbert 's words , "  though understandable , were ill-advised and imprudent . " In a letter posted on the team 's website Thursday , Gilbert called James ' decision to play for the Miami Heat a "  cowardly betrayal " and a "  shocking act of disloyalty . " James , who joined the Cavaliers straight out of high school and played forward for the team for his entire career , announced his decision to leave the team during a much-ballyhooed ESPN special Thursday entitled "  The Decision . " In a press conference which was posted on the NBA 's website Monday , Stern said that James was "  certainly entitled " to leave the team , but he would have advised the basketball star to handle his departure and announcement differently . "  I think that the advice that he received on this was poor . But his performance was fine . His honesty and his integrity I think shine through , but this decision was ill-conceived , badly produced and poorly executed , " Stern said . Stern also criticized civil rights leader Jesse Jackson for comments he made saying Gilbert 's letter showed a "  property-owner 's mentality . " "  Equally imprudent I believe are the remarks by my good friend Jesse Jackson , which purport to make this into a racial matter ... he really is mistaken , " Stern said . Before deciding to join the Miami Heat , James , a reigning two-time NBA MVP , looked at several teams , including New York , Chicago and Cleveland . He said it came down to one thing . "  The major factor was the best opportunity to win now and to win in the future . " James said . He led the Cavaliers to the NBA finals in 2007 , where they lost to the San Antonio Spurs , but never reached the finals again , despite Cleveland management bringing in supporting stars such as Shaquille O'Neal and Antawn Jamison .	NBA fines Cavs owner $ 100,000 for comments Gilbert 's letter described James ' departure as a "  cowardly betrayal " Commissioner says Gilbert 's words were "  ill-advised and imprudent " Stern also criticizes James ' handling of his decision to leave
New York  CNN  -- The parents of a murder victim are suing Facebook after a paramedic pleaded guilty to photographing their daughter 's corpse and posting the image to the social networking site , according to court documents . Caroline Wimmer , 26 , was found by her parents , Ronald and Martha , after she was strangled with a hair-dryer cord in March 2009 in Staten Island , New York . Paramedic Mark Musarella -- who responded to their corresponding emergency call -- later pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct after posting to Facebook the photographs he took , the documents said . "  All I want is my daughter 's picture back , " Martha Wimmer told CNN . "  I want it destroyed , " noting that the image is no longer posted on the site . The couple is suing Facebook in an effort to force the company to turn over the image , identify who may have downloaded the photograph and prevent the image from being further disseminated , according to the couple 's attorney Ravi Batra . They "  would like to move on , " Batra said , adding that "  it 's very tough to heal when you know there are sick people out in the world look at their dead daughter 's image . " But the social networking site could be protected by the 1996 Communications Decency Act , which says "  no provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider . " Facebook spokesman Andrew Noyes said , "  The case is without merit . " "  We will fight it vigorously , " he added . The parents are also suing their daughter 's convicted murderer , Calvin Lawson , paramedic Musarella , the city of New York and Greenleaf Arms Incorporated -- the company that owns the apartment building where Wimmer 's body was found . The pair are also suing Fire Commissioner Salvatore J. Cassano and Richmond University Medical Center , where Musarella had been employed . "  This lawsuit assumes traditional defendants as well as nontraditional defendants , including the City of New York and Facebook , that are unique to this case arising out of cybercrime , " Batra said . Connie Pankratz , a spokeswoman for the city 's law department , called the situation "  tragic . " "  We extend our sympathy to the family , " she said . Pankratz said the city has "  not yet received the legal papers , but will review them thoroughly upon receipt . " Meanwhile , Musarella has forfeited his EMT certification and was ordered to 200 hours of community service . The image was discovered by an acquaintance of Musarella , who alerted Richmond University Medical Center , according to Batra . Wimmer 's murderer , Lawson , is serving 25 years-to-life . Martha Wimmer said Tuesday that she is traveling to the state capitol in support of pending legislation that would enact harsher penalties for a public worker who broadcasts or publishes an image of a crime scene outside their official duties . The law would raise the offense to a Class E felony .	Parents sue Facebook in an effort to compel the company to turn over the image A Facebook spokesman said , "  The case is without merit " EMT took , posted photos of murdered woman
CNN  Even in their greatest moments of triumph , American presidents can make decisions that in the long run will devastate their legacies . We have seen this in recent times , such as with President George W. Bush 's decision to invade Iraq . But the classic example was Lyndon Johnson 's experience with Vietnam . Fifty years ago , when the 89th Congress convened in January 1965 following Johnson 's landslide election victory against Sen. Barry Goldwater , LBJ was at the height of his political power . Liberal Democrats commanded huge majorities in both the House and Senate . The coalition of southern Democrats and Republicans had lost much of their power . Conservative Republicans were marginalized since nobody wanted to look anything like a protégé of Barry Goldwater . With the backing of a mass civil rights movement and organized labor , the White House was determined to push forward a huge domestic agenda ranging from Medicare to more anti-poverty programs to voting rights . Bills would soon be passing at a breathtaking pace as the nation saw Washington remake the social contract . But in these very same months , Johnson intensified America 's involvement in the war against communism in Vietnam -- a war that would prove to be disastrous , devastating and arguably the aspect of his presidency that continues to define him more than anything else . The previous year Johnson had already strengthened the nation 's commitment to the conflict in Southeast Asia . While President John F. Kennedy had increased the number of advisors working with the South Vietnamese in the fight against communist forces , Johnson set the groundwork for a much bigger intervention . He did n't do so with great confidence . In one of the most revealing White House recordings -- on May 27 , 1964 -- he and Georgia Sen. Richard Russell , a southern hawk who was Johnson 's mentor , have a lengthy conversation where both men express their doubts about whether this conflict was essential to the Cold War and whether it could ever be won . Russell said that it 's a "  damn worse mess that I ever saw . " Russell added , "  I do n't see how we ever going to get out without fighting a major war ... " "  I just do n't know what to do , " said Johnson . Regardless , because of the political pressure that Johnson felt from Republicans who were attacking him as weak on defense and since he agreed to the logic of the domino theory -- that if one country fell to communism others would follow -- Johnson requested that Congress authorize the use of force through the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution on August 4 , 1964 . Based on weak evidence about an attack on U.S. Navy destroyers  Johnson admitted that the attack , if it occurred , was a mistake or the result of a decision by a low-level commander  , Johnson worked with Arkansas Sen. William Fulbright to convince Democrats to support him with this resolution . The resolution was "  like Grandma 's nightshirt , " Johnson said of the resolution , "  it covers everything . " Fulbright assured his colleagues that they needed to pass the resolution to protect Johnson from Republican attack . If he intended to actually use his full power to deploy force in the conflict , Fulbright said , he would return to Congress for their approval . He never did . On February 15 , 1965 , LBJ received encouragement from a former president about how he was handling the situation . When Johnson told him he was "  having hell , " including with the situation in Vietnam , President Truman assured him it was fine . Johnson thought he could learn from how Truman handled his problems with Korea . He reminded Truman that as a senator he had sent a letter in support of his efforts in Korea , even when Republicans like Ohio Republican Robert Taft were "  raising hell " in the Senate . Johnson said he was "  doing the best I can " , that when they "  go in and kill your boys you to hit back . " Truman , who said he was handling the challenges well , gave him support , agreeing that you "  bust them in the nose every time you get a chance " and "  they understand that language better than any other kind . " But as the new year began other Democrats warned Johnson that he should not make use of this resolution for force . Two days after Johnson spoke with Truman , Vice President Hubert Humphrey implored the president in a lengthy and powerful memorandum to pull out . Humphrey argued that , for the first time , Johnson did n't have to fear Republicans attacking him as weak on defense . Liberals controlled Congress and he had just won a great landslide electoral victory . He could make a bold move and get out of this conflict before it was too late . "  Politically , " Humphrey wrote , the Johnson administration is in a stronger position to do so than any Administration in this history . " But Johnson did n't listen to Humphrey 's logic , and still feared the danger of being characterized as weak on defense just like Democrats had been in 1952 when they lost control of the White House and Congress . As Democrats in Congress spoke out against LBJ for Vietnam , he became more belligerent . He isolated Humphrey from his inner circle of advisors on foreign policy . He dismissed the criticism from Democrats and warned that they were giving propaganda support to the communists . We can hear this on a tape with one of Johnson 's greatest allies in the Senate , Minority Leader Everett Dirksen . On February 17 , 1965 , the two men discussed speeches that had been given by Idaho Sen. Frank Church and South Dakota Sen. George McGovern . Dirksen brought up how the two men had been "  teeing off " against LBJ 's Vietnamese policy . Dirksen thought Johnson needed some defense from his "  friend on the other side of the aisle . " Johnson told Dirksen that former President Dwight Eisenhower , a Republican , fully supported him . Johnson added that the kinds of speeches Church and McGovern were making posed the "  worst problem " to the United States , more so than raids or ambushes or military accidents , since the speeches about the need for negotiation or withdrawal were used by the communists in pamphlets and newspapers . The statements undermined the confidence of the South Vietnamese government that the United States would continue to support them . At the same time that he spoke with such great bravado , he admitted to his advisors all of his fears and concerns . On February 26 , LBJ told Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara : "  I do n't think anything is going to be as bad as losing , and I do n't see any way of winning ... " On March 6 , many months after their haunting conversation about what could likely happen in Vietnam , Johnson did n't sound much better . When explaining that he was preparing to send Marines into the conflict , Johnson they were "  getting in worse " and admitted that : "  The great trouble I 'm under , a man can fight if he can see daylight down the road somewhere . But there ai n't no daylight in Vietnam . " In response Russell said , "  there 's no end to the road . " During the very month that the House passed a sweeping version of Medicare and Medicaid and Congress prepared to send him an education bill to sign into law , Johnson got deeper into one of the most devastating military quagmires that the United States has ever faced . Johnson 's fears of being pummeled by the right , combined with his adherence to the "  domino theory " about communism , would gradually drive him deeper and deeper into a disastrous war . Presidents are complex beings . Sometimes the very qualities that allow them to make great breakthroughs in public policy , that greatly improve the condition of the country , also allow them to implement decisions that become highly destructive .	50 years ago the stage was set for decisions that doomed LBJ 's presidency Julian Zelizer says LBJ was riding high after 1964 landslide , could have avoided Vietnam escalation
CNN  -- The Evangelical Lutheran Church in America will decide this week whether to allow gays and lesbians who are not celibate to serve as clergy members and lay leaders , a spokesman said Tuesday . Current Evangelical Lutheran Church policy allows gay and lesbian clergy , lay people to serve only if celibate . Spokesman John Brooks said the church 's 1,045 voting members , who are at a weeklong Churchwide Assembly in Minneapolis , Minnesota , will vote Friday on whether to change its policy regarding gay clergy members . The policy allows gays and lesbians to serve as clergy members and lay leaders if they are celibate , Brooks said . Heterosexual clergy are allowed to have sex within marriage . The new policy would allow gays and lesbians in "  publicly accountable , lifelong , monogamous , same-gender relationships , " to serve as clergy and lay leaders , according to the proposal . Lay leaders are people other than clergy members who are on the professional rosters of the church . A simple majority will decide the vote , Brooks said . He said there is a "  wide range of opinions " on changing the policy . The body is also scheduled to vote Wednesday on a social statement on sexuality that has been eight years in the making , he said . "  It 's important for us because it informs the basis for policy , " he said . According to its Web site , the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America has 4.6 million members . The church is not the only denomination that has dealt with the issue of gay clergy . Last month , the Episcopal Church 's House of Bishops voted by a wide margin to allow gays and lesbians to become bishops , Episcopal Life reported . In April , the Presbyterian Church  USA  voted against allowing openly gay pastors to serve , according to the Presbyterian News Service .	Evangelical Lutheran Church in America meeting in Minneapolis this week Policy allows gays , lesbians to serve as clergy , lay leaders if they are celibate If approved , new policy would allow them to serve if in monogamous relationships Spokesman says simply majority vote of 1,045 members to decide issue
Washington  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton declared the Afghan leader 's visit to the United States this week a success , saying on Thursday that it had helped strengthen the partnership between Washington and Kabul at a critical point in the war against Taliban and al Qaeda extremists . They also stressed that President Obama 's July 2011 deadline to start withdrawing U.S. forces from Afghanistan did not represent a weakening of America 's commitment to the war-torn Islamic republic . The two leaders spoke at the U.S. Institute of Peace in Washington -- part of what became a week of playing down tensions between U.S. and Afghan officials . "  From our side , this was a highly successful visit -LSB- that -RSB- took our relationship to an even higher level , " Clinton said . "  We are building a very strong partnership that links together all levels of our governments . " Clinton said there is no contradiction between the July 2011 withdrawal date and Obama administration promises of an "  enduring partnership . " Kabul residents : Karzai needs to make jobs , not war The date is meant to be "  the beginning of the security transition , " she said . But "  we 're not going anywhere . " The U.S. government will be supporting Afghanistan 's war against extremist elements "  far into the future , " she said . Karzai said his highly anticipated U.S. trip had been "  meaningful , substantive , and had all the right tones and objectives . " The July 2011 date does n't pose a problem , he said , because "  we know the United States will not abandon the cause . " On another topic , Clinton said the expected NATO offensive in the southern Afghan province of Kandahar this summer would not be a "  massive assault . " "  D-Day is not coming to Kandahar , " Clinton said , adding that "  Kandahar is not Marjah , " the area of the last major NATO offensive that rooted out the Taliban from the area to empower a government presence . Kandahar , Clinton said , is an active area where "  people are getting on with their lives . " Therefore , she said , the goal of the upcoming operation is to "  weed out " members of the Taliban who are intimidating the people who live there . "  They do n't pose a threat , " Clinton said of the Taliban presence in the province . "  They are not going to take over Kandahar , but their presence has a chilling effect . " Karzai acknowledged there had been a misunderstanding among the Afghan people about the operation , which was clarified this week during his talks in Washington . Karzai also spoke of his plan for reintegration of thousands of Taliban , whom he called "  country boys " who are "  ideologically not against us " and do n't hate the United States . On the other hand , he said , political reconciliation with Taliban leadership would be much more difficult and far off in the future , requiring Pakistan 's involvement because many Taliban live there . Karzai also said he raised the issue of his brother , Walid , with President Obama , amid reports that Walid was heavily involved in the drug trade . Karzai said he lacked the authority to fire his brother , who is an elected official , but added without elaborating that the issue was resolved to Washington 's satisfaction . Clinton declined to comment about Walid Karzai . Earlier in the day , Karzai paid tribute to U.S. military members killed in the nearly nine-year American war in his nation , visiting the grave sites of Afghan war veterans at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia . Karzai slowly walked past several markers -- part of what has been called the "  saddest acre in America " -- under a cloudy sky . He was joined by Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen and Gen. Stanley McChrystal , commander of the U.S. forces in Afghanistan . The group visited Section 60 of the cemetery , the burial ground for personnel killed in Afghanistan and Iraq . More than 500 veterans are buried there . Karzai stopped at the grave site of Army Pfc. Justin Davis , who was killed in June 2006 . He also paused at the graves of Army Specialist Ross McGinnis , killed in December 2006 , and Army Capt. John Tinsley , killed in August 2009 . Karzai has repeatedly expressed thanks this week to the American people for the sacrifices they have made in his country . He has said Afghanistan will remain a dependable partner with the United States and its allies in the global war on terrorism . The two governments have been using the week to portray their sometimes tempestuous relationship as a largely friendly one , paving the way for greater progress in the war against the Taliban and other extremists . After meeting with Karzai on Tuesday , Clinton conceded that "  we will have disagreements time to time , but that is a sign of a mature relationship and a steady relationship . " Clinton said it is unrealistic to expect the two nations to see eye-to-eye on every issue . "  President Obama and President Karzai both understand that the ability to disagree on issues of importance is not an obstacle to achieving our shared objectives , but rather it reflects a level of trust , " she said . Sandwiched between sessions with Clinton , Karzai huddled with Obama at the White House on Wednesday . Obama said he is confident his administration will meet the 2011 withdrawal date , but warned that there is "  going to be some hard fighting " in the months ahead . He stressed that the United States is in Afghanistan for the long haul . "  This is a long-term partnership , " he said . "  We are not suddenly , as of July 2011 , finished with Afghanistan . " Meanwhile , Karzai defended his recent meeting with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , noting that while Afghanistan is "  a partner and friend " of the United States , it also wants to "  remain friendly " with its neighbors . The Washington meeting -- Karzai 's first visit to Washington after his re-election -- came after some recent well-publicized spats between Washington and Kabul . Karzai 's win in last August 's national vote was marred by irregularities that forced a runoff . Since then , the Obama administration has publicly pressured Karzai to rid his government of graft and improve delivery of services to the Afghan people . Karzai irritated U.S. officials when he blamed election fraud on foreigners who want a "  puppet government " in Afghanistan . He further aggravated his most powerful ally when he told tribal leaders that the U.S.-led military alliance would not move against Taliban fighters in Kandahar "  until you say we can . " Media reports have also included harsh criticism of Karzai by a former United Nations diplomat as well as claims that Karzai said he would consider joining the Taliban insurgency . At one point , the White House indicated it would call off this week 's visit . But in recent weeks , the two governments have sought to play down their differences , rejecting the idea of any dispute between their leaders . Obama said Wednesday that reports of heightened tensions between the U.S. and Afghan governments "  were simply overstated . " Tensions are virtually inevitable in "  such a complicated and difficult environment , " he said . But "  our job is to be a good friend and to be frank with President Karzai . " Karzai 's role , in turn , is partly to ensure Afghan sovereignty is respected , he said . "  I am very comfortable with the strong effort that President Karzai has made so far , " Obama said . "  There are going to be setbacks " and disagreements , but "  we share a broad strategy " that can hopefully be set out "  in a declaration by the end of this year . " Karzai , in turn , said the U.S.-Afghanistan relationship is "  strong and well-rooted . " There are moments that "  we speak frankly to each other , " but those exchanges only strengthen the relationship , he said . Obama and Karzai said they discussed , among other things , the need for greater protection of Afghan civilians in light of the stronger U.S. military campaign . Karzai said a recent decision to transfer local detention centers to Afghan government control was a "  major point of progress . " CNN 's Paul Courson and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : Clinton says expected Kandahar offensive is not "  D-Day " NEW : Karzai says issue of his brother has been resolved with United States Karzai visits graves of U.S. soldiers at Arlington Cemetery Meetings this week have tried to play down tensions between Washington and Kabul
EW.com  -- "  TRON , " the original 1982 light-show video-game thriller starring Jeff Bridges as a software programmer trapped inside a brave new computer world of his own devising , is a movie that I , like many others , found to be such a tinny , dehumanized piece of techno-kitsch that I was shocked to learn it has since become a cult film . Seeing it again , though , I think I know why . Twenty-eight years later , "  TRON " exerts a campy-surreal , here 's what the future looked like before it arrived fascination that it never enjoyed during its initial run . In 1982 , when it was the closest thing Disney had to a picture for adults , it was basically a demo reel of special effects in search of a movie . Yet if you see it today , it can stand as the first prehistoric Hollywood version of cyberspace , and it 's fun to behold the eager , at times shockingly primitive ways that it imagines the " wondrous " computer future : as a frictionless Colorforms grid that looks like the most analog of head trips . Few science-fiction films have been simultaneously so ahead of their time and so instantly , touchingly dated -- so behind the eight ball of their own technology . "  TRON " made the virtual almost leadenly literal . It was the soul of a new machine locked inside the hardware of an old one . The cult of "  TRON " is hardly so big that you could accuse "  TRON : Legacy " of being a cynical attempt to cash in on a franchise .  More than just a bomb , the first "  TRON " was a major embarrassment for Disney ; out-of-print DVD copies are now about as hard to hunt down as VHS head cleaners . That said , the studio has had a long time to ponder its mistake , and "  TRON : Legacy , " unlike its predecessor , really does make novelty look cool . It 's a sleeker , sharper , far more visually intoxicating machine dream of a movie , with a darkly liquid electronic texture all its own . When Sam  Garrett Hedlund  , the son of the now mysteriously vanished Kevin Flynn  Bridges  , visits his dad 's dusty , abandoned Flynn Arcade and ends up getting sucked -- through a "  TRON " videogame ! -- into the virtual world of the Grid , he gets outfitted for action  black uniform with neon piping  , and then is thrust onto the combat stage of a gladiatorial thunderdome . There , he faces off against assorted digital soldiers , all wielding lethal Frisbees of light . The kitsch element is still there -- basically , this is the story of what it 's like to be turned into a kill-or-be-killed videogame icon -- but the director , Joseph Kosinski , stages the extreme fighting with a fleet and threatening charge . The FX in "  TRON : Legacy " have an almost Einsteinian elegance : They infuse light with gravity . If one of the discs hits a combatant , he 'll shatter into glassy fragments , and Sam , absorbing the physics of the game , must learn to treat his body almost as part of the surrounding architecture . He becomes a ruthless digital specter . As long as it 's engaged in light-hurling bouts of force , or motorcycle chases through a landscape so ominously enveloping it looks like "  Blade Runner " after gentrification , "  TRON : Legacy " is a catchy popcorn pleasure . The movie has a seductive , percolating , what 's - old-is-new-again musical score by the French electronica duo Daft Punk , and for lengthy swatches of it I grooved on the look and the atmosphere . Joseph Kosinski 's direction is just intriguing enough to leave you hoping that when Sam finally locates his father amid all those irradiated bytes and bits , the story will really take off . But "  TRON : Legacy " turns out to be a little too much like one of those logy trapped-on-Planet X sci-fi movies from the 1950s : There 's a lot of dramatic stasis undergirding the visual wow . It transpires that Bridges ' Flynn has n't been doing much for 20 years but sitting around -- the portal that would allow him to leave has been sealed off -- and his fascist nemesis , returning from the first film , is once again Clu , now played by a digitized version of the young Bridges . In his rubbery Botox-android way , he 's creepy to look at  and he makes you wonder if this will be the future for aging movie stars  , but there is n't much to Clu besides his telegenic blank stare . Here , as in "  TRON , " there are limits to how much technology can really express . As Flynn , Bridges acts very beatnik Zen , like a weary cyber version of the Dude , and Michael Sheen is on hand as a sinister nightclub impresario who primps and soft-shoes like an albino Davy Jones wearing David Bowie 's Aladdin Sane shag . Olivia Wilde , as Sam 's cybernetic love interest , does some pretty standard punk-arm-candy posing . One reason the original "  TRON " was greeted with so much hostility is that it seemed , in its cheesy synthesized way , to represent a brave new world not just of digital outer space , but of movies consumed by their own effects . At the time , this was a future a lot of people did n't want to see Hollywood embrace . But , of course , it 's the future that won out . And that may be the true legacy of "  TRON . " The sequel , more successfully  if less innocently  , injects you into a luminous action matrix and asks you to be happy with the ride . But it 's easier now not to object . At the movies , the fantastical-synthetic has become a state of mind that we 're never allowed to escape . EW.com rating : B See more at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  TRON " is the original 1982 light-show video-game thriller starring Jeff Bridges The sequel , ` TRON : Legacy , ' successfully injects you into a luminous action matrix It 's hard to accuse "  TRON : Legacy " of being a cynical attempt to cash in on a franchise
CNN  -- The mother of a missing Shreveport , Louisiana , girl said Tuesday that one of two men suspected in her daughter 's disappearance spent time at their home , playing video games and hanging out with their family . Henry Lee was "  always very polite , very nice . We thought he was a very decent person , " Karen White , the mother of missing 12-year-old Amber White , told HLN 's "  Prime News . " "  We would have never ever expected that he would have done something like this . " Lee , 24 , was arrested Monday on aggravated kidnapping charges , according to Shreveport police . A second man , Brandon Player , 19 , was also arrested Monday in the case and charged with contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile . White said Tuesday that Lee was an "  associate " of one of her family 's good friends . Police are searching for any clues into the whereabouts of Amber , who was last seen Sunday after she went to the neighborhood pool . However , it started raining shortly after she left her house , her mother said . "  My husband realized it was raining and he went down to get her and she was gone , " Karen White said . Two witnesses told police they had seen her get into an Oldsmobile Cutlass , according to Shreveport police Sgt. Bill Goodin . The witnesses were able to provide authorities with a license plate number , and police tracked the car to Player . "  Through interviews and other information gathering , that ultimately led us to Henry Lee , " Goodin told "  Prime News . " Goodin said police do n't believe an "  abduction " occurred , but added that investigators are n't ruling anything out as they search for Amber . Karen White described her daughter as a good kid who never fails to check in with her parents . "  I think she was coerced to get into a car , " White said . "  I do n't think she did it on her own . The daughter that I know would not do something like this . " Player has been released from police custody on bond . Lee remained in jail Tuesday night .	Amber White , 12 , was last seen Sunday heading to her neighborhood pool Police in Shreveport , Louisiana , have arrested two men in her disappearance One of the men knew White 's family and spent time at Amber 's home , mom says
Editor 's Note : Sunny Hostin is a legal analyst for CNN and is also a managing director of business intelligence and investigations at Kroll Inc. . Previously , Hostin served as an assistant U.S. attorney in Washington , D.C. , where she received a Special Achievement Award for her work as a child sex crimes prosecutor . She also served as a trial attorney for the U.S. Department of Justice 's Antitrust Division . Sunny Hostin says prostitution is not a victimless crime and johns should be charged . CNN  -- We finally heard from Ashley Dupre -- or "  Kristin " as former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer knew her . But did we really hear much ? I did n't . I wanted to know more about Eliot Spitzer , the man . I wanted to know how the former Sheriff of Wall Street became the Sheriff of Nottingham -- a do-gooder gone bad . A john . "  Client No. 9 . " I wanted to know how he got such a sweetheart deal . How did a ruthless prosecutor get the type of mercy from the government that he rarely , if ever , was willing to give to those he went after ? But when Diane Sawyer during her "  20/20 " interview got even close to that topic , Dupre replied , "  legally I 've been advised not to discuss that . " And that makes sense , since she does n't have an iron-clad immunity deal . If she has nothing in writing , she has to be careful . But what was striking about what I did hear was that Ashley Dupre is no different than the many prostitutes I had met during my time as a prosecutor . Her story , as told to Sawyer and People magazine : Her father left when she was 3 ; her mother remarried ; her older brother , who she described as her best friend , ran away from home when she was 12 ; she then ran away when she was 17 . She became a high school dropout . A life of drugs , alcohol and heavy partying followed . She was raped . Visions of music stardom danced in her head . Music groupie led to high paid "  escort " . But let 's call it what it is simply ... . prostitution . Watch Hostin on why Spitzer should n't have gotten a pass " But Spitzer does n't have to be careful , because he got a pass . A complete pass . He even got to keep his law license , the same one he used relentlessly and mercilessly when he went after wrongdoers . So the question I have is why ? Why did the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of New York , the very same office that zealously went after Martha Stewart for lying to some of its prosecutors , give him a complete pass , a proverbial get-out-of-jail free card ? U.S. Attorney Michael Garcia explained there was no evidence that campaign or public funds were used . Of course there was n't evidence of that , Mr. Garcia -- Spitzer is rich . The U.S. Attorney also claimed that his office had also determined there was "  insufficient evidence to bring charges against Mr. Spitzer for any offense relating to the withdrawal of funds for , and his payments to , the Emperors Club VIP ... " Really ? Since it seems to me  and many other lawyers I have spoken with  that there was evidence that Spitzer violated the Mann Act , which makes it a federal criminal offense to knowingly transport any individual , male or female , across state lines for the purpose of prostitution or sexual activity . The indictment made it clear that Client No. 9 met Kristin , who was based in New York but traveled to Washington , at the Mayflower Hotel , Room 871 to be exact , "  for her tryst . " It was also alleged that Client No. 9 paid for Kristin 's train tickets , cab fare , mini-bar and room service , travel time and hotel . In the way Spitzer paid for her services , it appears that there was also evidence of "  structuring , " a crime which involves creating a series of financial movements designed to obscure the true purpose of the payments . Prosecutors reportedly had a series of e-mails and wiretapped phone conversations of Spitzer , in addition to financial records . Sounds like good evidence of criminal activity to me . But Garcia finally admitted what was behind his office 's decision not to prosecute Spitzer when he said " -LSB- i -RSB- n light of the policy of the Department of Justice with respect to prostitution offenses and the longstanding practice of this office , as well as Mr. Spitzer 's acceptance of responsibility for his conduct , we have concluded that the public interest would not be further advanced by filing criminal charges in this matter . " The policy he referred to is that prosecutors do n't go after "  johns " or "  customers " . But why not ? What better way to cripple a business than to cut out its customers ? Just look at the state of our economy -- when people are n't buying , businesses are in trouble . Pure and simple . Prostitution is not a victimless crime . Look at Ashley , really look at her . She really looks like every other prostitute -- a victim of her upbringing , a victim of her circumstance and now a victim of the government 's policy . So there you have it . You ca n't lie to a federal prosecutor , but if you wire your own money to the accounts of an international prostitution ring , and arrange to have paid sex in the nation 's capital , it 's all good . You see , Martha . You should have paid for sex in Washington . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sunny Hostin .	Sunny Hostin : Ashley Dupre was advised not to talk about Eliot Spitzer Hostin says the ex-governor was treated leniently by the U.S. Attorney She says prostitution is not a victimless crime and should be punished Hostin : Why did the U.S. Attorney give Spitzer a complete pass ?
Rustenburg , South Africa  CNN  -- Sibongile Sikhuze pointed to his bandaged right knee , showing where a bullet entered and exited . He then raised his right palm , struck by a rubber bullet when he tried to surrender . "  They ordered us to lie on the ground . People were falling all around me , " Sikhuze told CNN Saturday , two days after police opened fire on striking miners . "  Another bullet grazed my head . I did n't think I 'd come out alive . That 's why I raised my hands . I thought we would all perish there . We were surrounded by the police . " Saturday , thousands of people gathered outside the platinum mine , angry about the incident 's toll : 34 mine workers killed , 78 others wounded , 259 arrested on various charges , including malicious damage to property , armed robbery , illegal gathering and possession of weapons . The situation was calm , but tense , as police stood on guard near the protest and helicopters conducted surveillance . Desperate relatives , meanwhile , continued searching for miners who have not been unaccounted for . A day after South African President Jacob Zuma visited the scene of the shootings , a controversial , but popular , politician called on Zuma to resign . "  The minister of police  Nathi Mthethwa  must step down because this massacre was committed under his supervision , " said Julius Malema . "  The same thing with President Zuma . " Malema , former president of the Youth League of the ruling African National Congress , was banned in April from taking part in party activities after he gave a speech critical of Zuma . He and the youth league helped propel Zuma to power in 2009 . But in recent years Malema has become one of Zuma 's fiercest critics , accusing his administration of failing to improve the lives of the poor . "  A responsible president says to the police you must keep order , but please act with restraint , " Malema told the crowd . "  He says to them use maximum force . He has presided over the killing of our people , and therefore he must step down . Not even apartheid government killed so many people . " Police Commissioner Riah Phiyega on Friday said police "  were forced to utilize maximum force to defend themselves . " Zuma told South Africans that they must come together to overcome national challenges , as they had done before . "  This is not a day to apportion blame , " Zuma said . "  It is a day for us to mourn together as a nation . It is also a day to start healing . " The tragedy began unfolding a week ago when miners went on strike demanding pay increases at the mine near Rustenburg , about two hours northwest of Johannesburg . "  When there is a rock fall , it is generally the drillers who are the victims , " wrote journalist Greg Marinovich in the Daily Maverick newspaper . "  It is the most dangerous job in the business . " The miners , who earn $ 300 to $ 500 a month , wanted their salaries raised to $ 1,500 . It came as no surprise that their multi-national employer , Lonmin , said no to the whopping increase . The world 's third-largest producer of platinum said the strike was illegal . The violence was believed sparked by a rivalry between two unions that wield a lot of power and influence in South Africa . The unions , accused of trying to outdo each other in negotiating wages , denied instigating the clashes . Tensions at Marikana had mounted throughout the week . The striking miners carried traditional panga machetes and gathered Thursday around a small hill . By then , at least 10 other people were dead from incidents that had occurred in the days before . Among them were two police officers who were hacked to death . Journalists who were at Marikana said police seemed fed up with the miners and determined to resolve the issue . "  Yesterday the police were clear that today we are going to disarm them and remove them from the hill because the gathering is illegal , " Xolile Mngambi , a reporter for CNN affiliate ETV , said Friday . By Thursday afternoon , another round of negotiations among the striking miners , the unions and Lonmin had failed . A heavily armed police Tactical Response Team moved in to disperse the miners . To hear Phiyega , the police commissioner , describe it , the police weighed all their options and decided to fence in the miners with barbed wire -- to compartmentalize them into more manageable groups . "  The armed protesters moved toward the police , " she said . "  They were driven back with tear gas and rubber bullets . But when they fired , police used maximum force . " But journalists at the scene could not say whether the protesters fired first . "  We can not say to you the police were provoked , " Mngambi said . Then , the police unleashed a barrage of gunfire . One witness said it went on for three minutes . CNN 's Moni Basu and Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Prominent politician calls on South African president to resign President Jacob Zuma announces a government inquiry of the incident Police say they fired at the striking workers in self-defense 44 people were killed this week in violence at the mine -- 34 on Thursday
CNN  -- Federal immigration agents arrested about 300 workers Tuesday in a raid at a poultry processing plant in Greenville , South Carolina , the Department of Justice said . The agents executed a criminal search warrant at 9 a.m. at the Columbia Farms poultry processing plant , capping a 10-month investigation into the plant 's employment practices , said Barbara Gonzalez , a spokeswoman for Immigration and Customs Enforcement . About 58 of those arrested were allowed to return to their homes to take care of their children or for other humanitarian reasons , she said . The others were to be held in an ICE detention facility in the area . "  They are all illegals , " Gonzalez said . "  We have charged them with being in violation of U.S. immigration laws . " The investigation has already resulted in criminal charges being filed against 11 supervisors and a human resources manager , she said . Maria Juan , 22 , was one of about 50 relatives and friends of workers who huddled at the edge of the plant after the raid , some weeping and others talking frantically on cell phones , The Associated Press reported . She was seeking information about her 68-year-old grandmother , a legal immigrant from Guatemala who went to work without identification papers but was later released , the AP reported . "  Families are going to be broken apart , " Juan told the AP . "  There will be kids and babies left behind . Why are they doing this ? Why ? They did n't do anything . They only wanted to work . " No one from Columbia Farms or from its parent company , House of Raeford Farms in Raeford , North Carolina , responded immediately to telephone messages . The Charlotte Observer newspaper first reported in February that plant workers were in the country illegally and company managers knew it , the AP reported . The raid "  is a drop in the bucket " that is unlikely to persuade anyone in the United States illegally to go home , said Dan Kowalski , an Austin , Texas-based lawyer specializing in immigration law . He questioned the conclusion by Gonzalez and ICE that all of those arrested are indeed illegal immigrants . "  A judge has to say that , they ca n't just say that , " he said .	Federal immigration agents conduct raid at plant in Greenville , South Carolina About 58 allowed to return to their homes to take care of their children No response from Columbia Farms or parent company , House of Raeford Farms
CNN  Authorities in California had a stern warning for whoever abducted a 3-week-old girl who was later found dead in a strip mall dumpster : "  Our police officers will do everything in their power to find you . " Eliza Delacruz was abducted from a home in Long Beach on Saturday night after her mother , father and uncle were shot . On Sunday , police said San Diego authorities had found her body . The San Diego Coroner 's Office confirmed the deceased infant was Eliza . "  Eliza 's life was just beginning and it was quickly taken away and all due to a senseless act of violence , " Long Beach Mayor Robert Garcia said Monday . "  To the person or persons that are responsible ... please know that our police officers will do everything in their power to find you . " Long Beach Police Chief Robert Luna repeatedly urged anyone who may have witnessed the crime to come forward , saying the public 's help will be "  extremely critical to solving this case . " The abduction and death of the infant has shocked the community , including police officers accustomed to seeing tragedies . "  There is nothing as horrendous as a child , a baby ... being taken from her home and then being left in a trash dumpster , " said Luna , who repeatedly called the person responsible a coward . Authorities told CNN that the attacker may have known the family . Meanwhile , two of the shooting victims remain in critical condition at an area hospital , police said , and a third has been treated and released . CNN 's Sarah Aarthun contributed to this report .	Police urge the public to come forward with any information Three-week-old Eliza Delacruz was taken from a home in Long Beach on Saturday Her body was found in a dumpster Sunday
New York  CNN  -- A Lufthansa jumbo jet nearly collided with another plane at John F. Kennedy International Airport Monday after an EgyptAir flight apparently veered into its path just as the jet barreled down the runway , according to air traffic controller tapes . The near miss was captured on audio recordings , revealing an air traffic controller communicating with the Lufthansa pilot , yelling "  Cancel takeoff ! Cancel takeoff plans ! " as the two planes moved toward each other . The pilot of the Lufthansa jet acknowledged as the plane rolled to a halt . Lufthansa Flight 411 , an Airbus 340 packed with 286 passengers and crew , was cleared for takeoff by air traffic control shortly before 7 p.m. Monday , according to a statement from Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen . EgyptAir Flight 986 , a Boeing 777 , was issued instructions to taxi from the ramp area to the airfield for departure . The plane was instructed to turn onto another taxiway , but instead went straight , the statement said . A spokesman for EgyptAir said the flight was delayed 40 minutes because Lufthansa 's departure was delayed . The plane did not move until the tower issued clearance , spokesman Mohamed Rahma said . After a brief inspection at the gate , the Lufthansa flight continued on its flight to Munich , Germany , and arrived safely , according to Lufthansa spokesman Martin Riecken . The FAA is currently investigating the incident . Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	A spokesman for EgyptAir said the plane did not move until the tower issued clearance The near miss Monday was captured on audio recordings EgyptAir flight made a wrong turn while taxiing FAA is investigating
Washington  CNN  -- Consumers are being warned to stop riding all models of the tikit brand of folding bicycles after reports of handlebar stems breaking and injuring riders . The bikes are manufactured in Eugene , Oregon , by Green Gear Cycling Inc. , with the trade name Bike Friday . The Consumer Product Safety Commission said the company had received six reports of breaking handlebar stems causing the riders to lose control . Two people suffered scrapes , bruises and a head laceration that required stitches . The CPSC said more than 3,800 tikit brand folding bikes in various colors have been sold from January 2007 through September 2012 . The Bike Friday tikit brand decal is on the bike frame . Consumers are urged to contact the bike company to schedule a free repair . Spinach mix recalled after 16 cases of E. coli Honda recalls 268,000 CR-Vs over possible fire hazard	Handlebar stems on the tikit brand of folding bicycles are breaking and injuring riders Bike Friday 's tikit brand decal is on the bike frame Consumers are urged to contact the bike company to schedule a free repair
CNN  -- President Obama signed sweeping health care reform into law Tuesday . The Senate must now pass a package of changes that will reconcile the differences between Senate and House bills . If those changes are worked out , here is how health care reforms will affect you : Within the first year 2011 2013 2014 2018 Within the first year • Young adults will be able stay on their parents ' insurance until their 26th birthday . • Seniors will get a $ 250 rebate to help fill the "  doughnut hole " in Medicare prescription drug coverage , which falls between the $ 2,700 initial limit and when catastrophic coverage kicks in at $ 6,154 . • Insurers will be barred from imposing exclusions on children with pre-existing conditions . Pools will cover those with pre-existing health conditions until health care coverage exchanges are operational . • Insurers will not be able to rescind policies to avoid paying medical bills when a person becomes ill . • Lifetime limits on benefits and restrictive annual limits will be prohibited . • New plans must provide coverage for preventive services without co-pays . All plans must comply by 2018 . • A temporary reinsurance program will help offset costs of coverage for companies that provide early retiree health benefits for those ages 55 to 64 . • New plans will be required to implement an appeals process for coverage determinations and claims . • Adoption tax credit and assistance exclusion will increase by $ 1,000 . The bill makes the credit refundable and extends it through 2011 . • A 10 percent tax will be imposed on amounts paid for indoor tanning services on or after July 1 . • Businesses with fewer than 50 employees will get tax credits covering 35 percent of their health care premiums , increasing to 50 percent by 2014 . 2011 • Medicare will provide free annual wellness visits and personalized prevention plans . New plans will be required to cover preventive services with no co-pay . • States can offer home - and community-based services to the disabled through Medicaid rather than institutional care beginning October 1 . • A 50 percent discount will be provided on brand-name drugs for Prescription Drug Plan or Medicare Advantage enrollees . Additional discounts on brand-name and generic drugs will be phased in to completely close the "  doughnut hole " by 2020 . • Additional tax for health savings account withdrawals before age 65 for nonqualified medical expenses will increase from 10 percent to 20 percent . Additional tax for Archer medical savings account withdrawals not used for qualified medical expenses will increase from 15 percent to 20 percent . • A plan to provide a vehicle for small businesses to offer tax-free benefits will be created . This would ease the small employer 's administrative burden of sponsoring a cafeteria plan . • The Medicare payroll tax will increase from 1.45 percent to 2.35 percent for individuals earning more than $ 200,000 and married filing jointly above $ 250,000 . 2013 • Health plans must implement uniform standards for electronic exchange of health information to reduce paperwork and administrative costs . • Contributions to flexible savings accounts will be limited to $ 2,500 per year , indexed by the Consumer Price Index in subsequent years . • The Employer Medicare Part D subsidy deduction will be eliminated . Employers will lose the tax deduction for subsidizing prescription drug plans for Medicare Part D-eligible retirees . • There will be increases to the income threshold from 7.5 percent to 10 percent of adjusted gross income . Those older than 65 can claim the 7.5 percent deduction through 2016 . • The hospital insurance tax will increase 0.9 percentage points for those earning more than $ 200,000  $ 250,000 for married filing jointly  , and it includes net investment income . • A 2.9 percent excise tax on the first sale of medical devices will be established . Excepted are eyeglasses , contact lenses , hearing aids or other items for individual use . 2014 • Citizens will be required to have acceptable coverage or pay a penalty of $ 95 in 2014 , $ 325 in 2015 , $ 695  or up to 2.5 percent of income  in 2016 . Families will pay half the amount for children , up to a cap of $ 2,250 per family . After 2016 , penalties are indexed to Consumer Price Index . • Workers who are exempt from individual responsibility for coverage but do n't qualify for tax credits can take their employer contribution and join an exchange plan . • Companies with 50 or more employees must offer coverage to employees or pay a $ 2,000 penalty per employee after their first 30 if at least one of their employees receives a tax credit . Waiting periods before insurance takes effect is limited to 90 days . Employers who offer coverage but whose employees receive tax credits will pay $ 3,000 for each worker receiving a tax credit . • Insurers can no longer refuse to sell or renew policies because of an individual 's health status . Health plans can no longer exclude coverage for pre-existing conditions . Insurers ca n't charge higher rates because of heath status , gender or other factors . • Health plans will be prohibited from imposing annual limits on coverage . • Health insurance exchanges will open in each state to individuals and small employers to comparison shop for standardized health packages . • Credits will be available through exchanges for those whose income is above Medicaid eligibility and below 400 percent of poverty level who are not eligible for or offered other acceptable coverage . • Medicaid eligibility will increase to 133 percent of poverty for all nonelderly individuals to ensure that people obtain affordable health care in the most efficient and appropriate manner . States will receive increased federal funding to cover these new populations . • An annual health insurance provider fee will be Imposed across the health insurance sector according to insurers ' market share to companies whose total premiums exceed $ 25 million . 2018 • 2018 Taxing "  Cadillac " plans : An excise tax will be imposed on high-cost , employer-provided health plans beyond $ 27,500 for family coverage and $ 10,200 for single coverage ; it will increase to $ 30,950 for families and $ 11,850 for individuals , retirees and employees in high-risk professions .	Young adults will be able stay on their parents ' insurance until their 27th birthday Insurers will be barred from excluding children with pre-existing conditions "  Doughnut hole " in Medicare will be closed
CNN  -- New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie blasted Democratic political opponents Friday for criticizing his absence from the state during the snowstorm that pounded the Northeast over the Christmas holiday . He also took a shot at the media for giving what he characterized as excessive attention to the controversy during what is typically a slow news week . Both Christie and Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno , first-term Republicans , were away on vacation during the storm , which dumped up to three feet of snow throughout the region . State Senate President Stephen Sweeney , a Democrat , briefly took the reins of power Sunday , becoming acting governor before declaring a state of emergency . Some top Democrats , in turn , questioned why the state legislature had bothered to create an office of lieutenant governor in 2005 . Christie , who returned to New Jersey on Thursday , said the state had competent leadership during his absence . He said he would not break a long-held promise to his children to bring them to Disney World over the holiday and noted that Guadagno had made plans months before to take a two-week cruise with her severely ill father . "  My first and most important responsibility , in my view , is as a husband and a father , " Christie said . "  I think I made that pretty clear to the people of New Jersey when I was running . ... And I was not going to rescind my child 's Christmas gift , especially when I was convinced that we had a plan in place . " Christie also said he had constantly been in touch from Florida during the storm . "  This is not like in the 1800s when , you know , nobody would be able to get me , " he said . "  Believe me , my cell phone was ringing ... much more than I would have preferred it to under normal circumstances when I 'm away on a family vacation . " There is "  able leadership in the executive branch of this government ,  and  I was talking to them on a regular basis . " "  All this carping and craziness " about leaving the state "  stranded " is "  just partisanship , " Christie argued . Democratic critics in the state legislature "  took shots ... without knowing the full story . " They should "  learn this is a responsible government . " Noting the massive media coverage of the storm , the governor dismissed it as a reflection of "  the nature of the time of the year . " "  All you guys " in the press "  would be doing this time of year , absent a disaster , would be retrospectives on what happened in 2010 . So you got a disaster to fill the week , and so people want to talk about that , " he said . Christie emphatically declared , however , that he was not bothered by the criticism . It "  just rolls off my back . It 's what I expect , " he concluded . "  If you 're going to let that kind of stuff bother you in this job , then you 're not going to last very long in it , and I intend to last in it for quite some time . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Gov. Chris Christie insists his state had competent leadership during the storm Critics have attacked Christie and lieutenant governor for being away Christie says he promised his son a Disney vacation long ago Christie says he is not bothered by the criticism
CNN  -- This week , the U.S. Supreme Court considers the case challenging the Obama administration health care plan 's requirement that most Americans purchase a government-approved health insurance plan by 2014 . The court should rule that this individual mandate is unconstitutional . To do otherwise would give Congress almost unlimited power . The federal government argues that three provisions of the Constitution -- the commerce clause , the tax clause and the "  necessary and proper " clause -- authorize the health care mandate . The commerce clause gives Congress authority to regulate interstate commerce . Since the 1930s , Supreme Court decisions have interpreted the commerce clause broadly . But every previous case expanding the commerce power involved some sort of "  economic activity , " such as operating a business or consuming a product . Failure to purchase health insurance is neither commerce nor an interstate activity . Indeed , it is the absence of commerce . If Congress could use that clause to regulate mere failure to buy a product on the grounds that such inaction has an economic effect , there would be no structural limits to its power . Any decision to do anything is necessarily a decision not to do something else that might have an economic effect . If I spend an hour sleeping , I thereby choose not to spend it working or shopping . As the lower court decision in this case explained , the government 's position "  amounts to an argument that the mere fact of an individual 's existence substantially affects interstate commerce , and therefore Congress may regulate them at every point of their life . " Read a transcript of Monday 's Supreme Court arguments Defenders of the insurance mandate claim that health care is a special case because everyone eventually uses it . But this argument relies on shifting the focus from health insurance to health care . A similar rhetorical ploy can justify any other mandate , including even the "  broccoli purchase mandate . " Not everyone eats broccoli . But everyone participates in the market for food . Similarly , a mandate requiring all Americans to purchase a car can be justified because virtually everyone participates in the transportation market . The government also claims that health care is different because producers are sometimes required to give free emergency services to the uninsured . But why is this fact constitutionally relevant ? The answer seems to be that failure to buy insurance thereby has adverse economic effects on producers . Put that way , failure to buy health insurance turns out to be no different from failure to buy any other product . Any time someone fails to purchase any product , producer profits are lower than they would be otherwise . The government 's tax-clause argument is similarly flawed . It asserts that the individual mandate is n't really a restriction on freedom , it 's just a tax ; violators are forced to pay a fine . If this logic is correct , it would justify any mandate enforced by a monetary fine , whether it be for broccoli , a car or anything else . Every lower court to have considered this constitutional issue has ruled that the mandate is not a tax but a penalty . As President Barack Obama acknowledged in 2009 , "  for us to say that you 've got to take a responsibility to get health insurance is absolutely not a tax increase . " Finally , the government relies on the clause that gives Congress the power to "  make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution " other powers the Constitution grants it . The federal government argues that the insurance mandate is a "  necessary " element of its regulation of the health care market under the commerce clause . The court has previously defined "  necessary " broadly as anything that might be "  useful " or "  convenient . " But even if the mandate is necessary , it is not "  proper . " The court has previously ruled that these are two separate requirements and both must be met . What makes a federal law "  proper " ? At the very least , a proper law can not depend on a rationale that gives Congress virtually unlimited power . As James Madison said : "  Whatever meaning this clause may have , none can be admitted that would give an unlimited discretion to Congress . " If the "  necessary and proper " clause allows Congress to adopt the individual mandate , the same logic would justify almost any other mandate . Virtually every mandate has some economic effect and could be portrayed as a "  useful or convenient " way to regulate some market . A broccoli mandate could be defended as an effort to regulate the market in food . The threat to liberty raised by this case is n't just theoretical . Many industries would be happy to lobby for laws requiring people to buy their products , and Congress has a long history of enacting special-interest legislation . In a recent decision , the Supreme Court unanimously emphasized that constitutional constraints on federal power protect state rights as well as "  the liberty of the individual . " Little will be left of that protection if the justices uphold the individual mandate . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ilya Somin .	Ilya Somin says Supreme Court should find Obama health care plan unconstitutional He says commerce clause argument flawed , gives huge regulatory power to Congress He argues tax-clause argument also a problem , saying failure to insure brings penalty , not a tax Somin : Necessary and proper argument could allow Congress to justify any mandate
CNN  -- Venice has suffered its worst flooding in 22 years , leaving some parts of the historic Italian city neck-deep in water , reports said Monday . A woman wades through high waters in Venice 's Piazza San Marco . Water burst the banks of the coastal city 's famed canals , leaving the landmark Piazza San Marco -- St Mark 's Square -- under almost a meter of water at one point , news agency ANSA reported . Strong winds pushed waters to a high of 1.56 meters  5 feet 2 inches  at 10:45 a.m. local time , prompting the city government to issue warnings to the public , the agency said . The flood level began to drop soon afterwards , prompted by a change in the direction of the wind . Previous highs include 1.58 meters in 1986 and 1.66 meters in 1979 , the news agency said . Watch more about the flooding " Photographs showed people wading through inundated piazzas and waves lapping over waterside cafe tables . Venice , built around a network of canals and small islands , has for years been trying to tackle the problem of floods that have regularly blighted the city . In 2007 , the United Nations cultural organization UNESCO warned Venice -- a designated World Heritage Site -- is under threat from rising sea levels caused by climate change . See pictures of Venetians wading through flood waters . " It said that unless the problem is tackled , Venice could be flooded daily and water levels would permanently rise by 54 centimeters in the city by the year 2100 .	Venice reportedly suffering one of its worst floods in 22 years Landmark Piazza San Marco under almost a meter of water at one point UNESCO has warned Venice at risk of high waters caused by climate change
CNN  -- While North Korea 's recently departed leader Kim Jong Il will probably be most remembered for his pompadour , jumpsuits and relentless pursuit of nuclear weapons , the world must never forget the legacy of anguish and terror he left for millions of his people . The North Korean regime is built on fear : fear , according to reports of defectors , that disloyalty and even minor infractions against the Kim family 's cult of personality will lead to a death sentence working in one of the North 's gulags , mining uranium on starvation rations while your family struggles to survive just outside the wire . There is fear that the secret police will shut off the electricity to your house and burst in to extract the DVDs or VCRs you were secretly watching to learn about the outside world ; fear that border guards will not accept your bribe or might catch you bringing a Bible back from China , the punishment for which is being bound by wires poked through the ears of other prisoners and marched off to slave labor ; fear that you are in a province suspected of disloyalty by Pyongyang and that you might be allowed to slip from malnourishment to starvation when the harvest comes up short again . It has been surprisingly difficult to confront North Korea on these human rights abuses . The regime claims that all of its citizens live in a worker 's paradise and that Western or South Korean criticism is only aimed at confrontation and war , which Pyongyang will meet with fire and destruction . American , Japanese and South Korean governments have all at one time or another decided that pressure on human rights might distract from diplomatic negotiations over the more dangerous threat from the North 's nuclear weapons program -- which is , of course , one of the reasons the North wants nuclear weapons . The South Korean political left has also slowed pressure on human rights because they have traditionally seen criticism of the North as an excuse by past conservative military governments to restrict civil liberties in the South . Those episodes are happily behind us in today 's democratic South Korea , but the memories and ideological fissures linger . And China is a major obstacle , resisting pressure on the North on human rights because of fears it may increase refugee flows across the Yalu River , which runs along its border with North Korea . Still , the information gets out . Satellite images show huge prison camps containing as many as 200,000 prisoners . Defectors like Kang Chol-hwan have written about life  if it can be called that  within the Yodok camps in his book "  The Aquariums of Pyongyang . " Americans and other foreigners have also opened a window to the suffering of the North Korean people , including Mike Kim , a young Tae Kwon Do expert who opened a string of martial arts studios in China as cover to help North Koreans defect . His book , "  Escaping North Korea , " is a stunning story of tragedy and heroism . There is also more that the United States and other countries can do as a matter of policy . First , we should remain consistent in highlighting the North 's record in all diplomatic discussions , including with the North Koreans . Second , we should put more international pressure on China to allow the U.N. High Commissioner on Refugees to visit North Koreans in China and to stop refoulement  the forced repatriation of North Koreans against their will  . Third , we could increase the number of North Korean defectors we accept in the United States and use our diplomatic leverage with third countries like Thailand and Mongolia to ensure that North Korean defectors have the ability to safely make their way to the South . Fourth , we should not link food aid to political negotiations , and should insist only that we have adequate monitoring to ensure food gets to those desperate North Koreans who need it . Finally , while we are not well positioned to force a collapse of the regime and must appreciate that its demise would present the danger of loose nukes , we must nevertheless prepare with our allies for massive humanitarian assistance in the event that collapse does happen . That scenario would bring risk , but also great hope for 23 million suffering North Koreans . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael J. Green .	Michael Green : Kim Jong Il should be remembered for a regime built on anguish , terror He says North Koreans deemed disloyal face imprisonment , starvation , torture , death He says regime 's nuclear capabilities have kept confrontation over rights at bay Green : West must press on rights , help defectors , be ready to aid citizens if regime fails
CNNGo  -- OK , you 've decided Valentine 's Day is the day to pop the big question . You cheesemeister . But picking February 14 means you 're going to have to do it in spectacular fashion . And in a place in which she 'll be so overcome by images of butterflies , rose petals and couples sprinting toward each other in meadows that a "  No " is simply not a possibility . These are the sweetest places to begin the rest of your life . 10 . Petra , Jordan A poet once described Petra as "  a rose-red city half as old as time . " Make this a metaphor for your own enduring romance by popping the question while this city carved into rock faces more than 2,000 years ago is lit up by rows of flickering candles . To see Petra at its most beautiful , join a Petra by Night tour that takes visitors through the city via its most famous landmarks . After making your way through the dramatic Siq fissure and coming face to face with the facade of the Treasury , sit on the sand and listen to local Bedouin making music from within the façade 's entry . It 's the perfect moment to quietly slip the ring onto your sweetheart 's finger . What you need to know : Tours start at 8:30 p.m. every Monday , Wednesday and Thursday and last for 90 minutes . Tickets can be bought at the Petra Site Office . Visit the Jordan Tourism Board website for more details . CNNGo : Best date restaurants in Hong Kong 9 . New Zealand 's Otago Peninsula If your beseeching eyes ca n't soften her heart , the mating rituals of South Island 's unusual coastal wildlife may do it for you . Wildlife reserves near the town of Dunedin are home to colonies of hoiho  yellow-eyed penguins  and blue penguins . The Otago Peninsula also has breeding colonies of New Zealand fur seals and royal albatross . Joining wildlife tours organized by one of South Island 's many nature tour operators will help you figure out which wildlife hot spot is best for the occasion . What you need to know : According to Elm Wildlife Tours , animal viewing is best from February to November . Tour rates start from NZ$ 95  US$ 74  . CNNGo : Made in China is finally cool 8 . Dubrovnik 's Hotel Excelsior Richard Burton romanced Elizabeth Taylor in one of the suites at the legendary Hotel Excelsior in the Croatian city of Dubrovnik . The hotel has entertained kings , queens , princesses and heads of state . Now it can be the place where you seal the ultimate deal . To get your lover in the mood , spend the day roaming in Dubrovnik Old Town , a UNESCO world heritage site bursting with Gothic , Renaissance and Baroque churches , monasteries , palaces and fountains . Catch a ferry to the lover 's island of Lokrum -- there 's a nudist beach for the adventuresome -- but get back to town in time for sunset , best viewed from atop Dubrovnik 's city walls . At night , pop the question while gazing across at the Adriatic Sea in your suite back at Hotel Excelsior . Easy . What you need to know : Hotel Excelsior is currently running executive suite promotions , with suites starting at 250 euros  US$ 341  per day . 7 . Shiraz , Iran If you and your sweetie are the adventurous types , few romantic escapades can beat a trip to Shiraz , Iran 's love capital . Since the 13th century , Shiraz has been known as the city of poetry , flowers and wine . It 's also the resting place of lyric poets Saadi and Hafez , whose compositions got Persians hot under their chadors back in medieval times . Strolling through the city 's magnificent gardens and fairytale-like mosques will put your companion in a lustful daze , making her pliant putty in your scheming hands . What you need to know : For a full list of Shiraz attractions and accommodations , visit the Iran Tourism and Touring Online agency . Turkish Airlines and Gulf Air operate international flights to Shiraz from various cities . 6 . Maldives Last year , Facebook executive Dave Morin proposed to girlfriend Brittany Bohnet and posted pictures of the event on Flickr . The romantic effort sent thousands of women around the world into heavy swoon mode -- Google "  Dave Morin proposal . " The story goes like this : The couple booked a seaplane ride through a local operator . The soon-to-be-betrothed was handed the controls of the airplane in mid-flight . Piloting the craft while flying past her resort , Bohnet spotted the message , "  B. Will you marry me ? " spelled out with coconuts on the beach . Miraculously , she did n't crash the plane . On the Maldives impeccable beaches , you can easily pull off your own version of the epic proposal -- just remember to swap the coconuts for palm fronds or champagne bottles , just to prove you 're not completely unoriginal . We wo n't narc you out . What you need to know : Assuming your partner lives on a deserted island and does n't know about the story , book seaplanes via Maldivian Air Taxi . Stay at Soneva-Gili , the Maldives ' top-rated resort . For price quotes on chartered seaplane flights , email reservation@maldivianairtaxi.com . 5 . 360 ° Leti hotel , India Unless you 're an exhibitionist , chances are you wo n't want to get down on your knees in the company of fellow canoodlers . To get far from the crowds , make your way to 360 ° Leti . The breathtaking camp with God 's - eye views sits on an 8,000-foot Himalayan plateau , flanked by vaulting snow-capped peaks . Luxury cabins are fitted with glass-paneled walls , so you 're never far from the mountain landscape , be it framed by ancient rhododendron forests , or veiled in swirling mists . Each of the camp 's four en-suite cabins has an outdoor sitting area . Rooms are heated with wooden stoves in the winter . Get to Almora via seven-hour overnight train from Delhi to Kathogodam , followed by a 2.5-hour drive . Getting to 360 ° Leti from Almora requires a four-hour drive , and then a 90-minute hike . As if that is n't isolation enough , the camp 's "  no Internet , no mobile phones " policy guarantees seclusion . What you need to know : The Himalayas are best viewed from 360 ° Leti from October through March . Guests are required to stay a minimum of three nights . Packages cost US$ 1,825 per adult . For details , click here . 4 . Ireland 's Lismore Castle It 's difficult to find a more fairytale setting than lavish Lismore , a stunning Irish castle dating to the 13th century . The Gothic castle has been the home of the Duke of Devonshire since 1753 , but these days it 's rented out to private parties . Rentals come with the Duke 's personal team of butlers , who shower guests with royal attention . The surrounding Konckmealdown Mountains are perfect for hiking and horseback excursions . The Michelin-starred restaurant at Cliff House Hotel is located nearby . The best place to pop the question is on the green banks of the River Blackwater , where the annual salmon run is one of the most spectacular in Ireland . The castle can accommodate up to 23 people , so guests coming in for the engagement party will have plenty of room to stay . What you need to know : Lismore Castle is available for 3,500 euros  approximately US$ 4,780  per night for up to 12 guests . For bookings , contact the estate managers . 3 . Jaipur , India If the idea is to make your lover feel lighter than air , try proposing in a hot air balloon over the colorful hills around Jaipur . Known as the Pink City , Jaipur is home to sprawling lakeside palaces and heritage hotels . Balloon flights with Sky Waltz last an hour , so there 's plenty of time to get over your nerves and pick the right moment . What you need to know : An hour-long balloon ride over Jaipur costs US$ 225 per person . Make booking requests through Sky Waltz . CNNGo : Mumbai 's hip gallery spaces 2 . The Great Wall of China The Great Wall of China might seem like an obvious pick , but there 's a way to turn the tables on your honey . "  A fantastic way to propose would be after an exclusive dinner arranged in a spectacular location on the Great Wall of China , after a dance performance featuring China 's best dancers , the wall lit with a thousand candles , " beams Niel Fox , founder of luxury tour operator Based on a True Story . The suggestion is drawn from a client 's experience that you can modify to make into your own timeless story of romance . What you need to know : Costs and logistics vary . For quotes , contact Based on a True Story . 1 . England 's North Lees Hall Fans of "  Jane Eyre " will recall that the melancholic Mr. Rochester met and fell in love with Jane Eyre at Thornfield Hall , an isolated Gothic manor deep in the English countryside . Trouble is Thornfield Hall does n't actually exist . Charlotte Brontë is said to have based the description of her fantasy lovenest on Derbyshire 's North Lees Hall . These days , North Lees Hall has been restored to its full Elizabethan glory . Its stucco-ceiling rooms are rented out to visitors . With the rolling English countryside in the background , and log-burning stoves roaring indoors , it 's the perfect setting for your own epic romance . North Lees Hall is located in the Peak District National Park , where you can go hang-gliding , horseback riding , caving and climbing once you 've tired of indoor activity . What you need to know : Two nights at North Lees Hall costs start at # 448.80 , or US$ 724 , per person . Prices vary according to dates . Make bookings with North Less Hall 's booking agency . © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	Propose to her in Petra : "  a rose-red city half as old as time " Take your hearts aflight in Maldives Make her swoon in England 's North Lees Hall , where Mr. Rochester fell for Jane Eyre .
OPRAH.com  -- When I was a teen , I tried to read the entire Encyclopedia Britannica . My goal : Memorize its contents , be on TV game shows , win cash and prizes , run away from home , move to Manhattan and become a professional writer . Instead of focusing on getting Mr. Right , focus on finding Life Plan Right , says author . I got as far as Asparagus . To this day , I know a little about a lot of words beginning with "  A. " Some favorites : ants , atoms , alchemy . Plus , Aristotle was a childhood crush , because I 've always loved philosophy . When I finished reading his one-page encyclopedic write-up , I bought books about him . I 'd been saving these dog-eared , underlined Aristotle books , as well as the "  A " book of Britannica , all to be used in a novel , where I 'd been planning to bless my protagonist with the quirky detail of knowing all things "  A. " I recently rediscovered these Aristotle books when moving apartments . I flipped through and was surprised to discover Aristotle said a lot of the same things about love and happiness as modern psychologists . Only Aristotle obviously said it first , having been born at least 300 years B.C. Plus , Aristotle said it truly wisely . Indeed , much of what Aristotle said hit home big-time -- in particular about a sexy , smart , funny , rich , lying , cheating , do n't - get-me-started Prince Harming I 'd just broken up with . I could almost hear what Aristotle might say to me if we were to chat over souvlaki . ` Sold your soul to be with him ' "  Mea bene , Karen , " Aristotle would say . "  You know what your problem was with your ex ? He was not your soul mate -- but your ` sold ' mate -- because you sold your soul to be with him . Sure he was sexy , smart , rich , funny -- but alas , he was a liar and a cheat . " "  You 're an intellectual guy . " I 'd correct the regaled philosopher called the "  Mind of the Academy " by Plato . "  I 'm surprised you believe in something as namby-pamby metaphysical as a soul mate ! " Oprah.com : 10 rules to soul mate love "  Absolutely ! " My fave Greek philosopher buddy Ari would respond emphatically . "  Actually , I sort of coined the concept of ` soul mate . ' If there 'd been a little TM trademark thingy back in the 300s B.C. , I 'd be a very rich man today . I firmly believe caretaking the soul is incredibly important for happiness . I describe a soul mate as a ` soul-nurturing mate . ' Someone who nurtures your soul , thereby promoting insight and growth . I pushed folks to find soul mates because , in my opinion , real happiness only comes when you stimulate your core self -- and grow into your highest potential . Basically , the soul is the ultimate G-spot for happiness . " Of course , I 'm paraphrasing for my philosopher buddy . But if Aristotle were here , I know he 'd agree with my verbal modernization . Plus , Ari would go on to describe how he views the world as offering three kinds of relationships , only one of which brings true happiness . 3 kinds of relationships According to ancient philosopher Aristotle , there are three kinds of relationships , only one of which will bring you true happiness . Find out how your relationship measures up ! 1 . Relationships of pleasure Partners who are about sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll . You share soulless , passionate sex and playful banter -- but they 're about the body or ego . They never soul-nurture you with insight and growth , so they never bring real-deal happiness . Oprah.com : How to break your bad man habit 2 . Relationships of utility Partners you spend time with in hopes of garnering status , power , money and beauty like the rich guy with a trophy girl . Again , this is about body or ego and does n't bring true joy . 3 . Relationships of shared virtue Partners who challenge and inspire you to grow into your highest potential and nurture your soul . A good example is when Jack Nicholson 's character in "  As Good As It Gets " says , "  You make me want to be a better man . " When you prioritize seeking a partner who supports you becoming your best self -- instead of crushing on "  superficial lures "  hotness , funniness , smartness , success , etc.  -- you wind up with a soul mate/a Prince Charming/a definite keeper ! With this in mind , if you want to be happy in love , you must take time to see past a guy 's "  superficial lures " and look inside his "  superinsidehimself . " Unfortunately , those fumes of chemistry can often dizzy a gal into making stupid love choices . That 's why it 's important to remember : Hot , steamy chemistry eventually fades -- and what 's always left beneath is a person 's true soul . Yes , if you want to be happy , you must seek a good-hearted , ethical soul who brings you great growth -- not simply a hottie who brings great grope Oprah.com : The best things to do for your relationship Confession time : Another superficially alluring quality I 've been suckered in by is humor . I am Silly Putty in a friggin ' funny man 's hands . I once had a boyfriend who teased me that the secret to getting me into bed was to crack five good jokes in a night . He 'd count down his jokes as the night progressed . Unfortunately , funniness is a mere decorative quality -- sometimes developed to avoid talking about real-life issues . Which is why in the past , after a few months of dating a friggin ' funny guy , I 've witnessed all that fabulous ha-ha-ha laughter often gives way to tears when the guy 's true character -- true soul -- shows up as one that avoids honest communication , warm empathy and the desire for growth . Then , when I try to connect soul to soul -- heart to heart -- I am greeted by a gigantic , unmovable whoopee cushion wall . Basically , friggin ' funny is only the tiniest tip of a person . Meanwhile , a person 's soul is a person 's foundation ! For the record : Aristotle was n't against finding someone friggin ' funny or friggin ' sexy or friggin ' rich . He believed these pleasure-bringing qualities were good for stirring up passion , which humans need to be our fullest selves ! But Aristotle recognized "  superficial lures " and material goods were simply what he called "  means to the ends " of happiness , not "  the final ends , " which is always to grow into your most esteemed self . As Aristotle said : "  Men imagine the causes of happiness lie in external goods . That is as if they were to ascribe fine and beautiful lyre playing to the quality of the instrument rather than the skill of the player . " Or as I like to say , "  It 's just as easy to complain about a rich man as it is to complain about a poor man . " Basically , it does n't matter how rich a guy is if his behavior makes you twitchy and miserable . While on the subject of money , Aristotle was no fan of slackers either . He recognized that being or dating poor brought its share of problems . He even admitted the lack of a certain amount of wealth was as much an obstacle to happiness as deprivation of freedom . He gladly accepted that some wealth was needed to be happy -- just as exciting bodily pleasures were needed . But again , wealth and bodily pleasures were mere means to the ends of happiness -- these ultimate ends being to nourish your soul , so you can reach your most esteemed level of self . A big secret to happiness ? Stop focusing on finding a Mr. Right ! Start focusing on finding Life Plan Right . When a Mr. Potential Right comes along , you must ask yourself if this guy will lead you to Life Plan Right or Life Plan Wrong . As you get to know the guy , look to see if he : 1 . Offers you exciting growth as well as exciting grope 2 . Has developed good character -- so he 'll be a positive influence on your character development . If the guy scores two for two , you 're likely in Prince Charming territory . Oprah.com : What you could learn from dating 100 men Adapted by Karen Salmansohn from her book , "  Prince Harming Syndrome . " She is a best-selling author known for creating self-help for people who would n't be caught dead reading self-help . Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Author says ancient Greek philosopher Aristotle 's advice for dating still relevant . "  Soul is the ultimate G-spot for happiness , " writer translates Soul mate is someone who nurtures your soul , thereby promoting insight and growth Pleasure , utility and shared virtue are 3 types of relationships that bring happiness
CNN  -- The author William Doyle caused a stir last week with reports about his finding of White House Situation Room recordings of President Ronald Reagan making telephone calls to foreign leaders . The President made these recordings , according to Doyle , to make sure the historical record was accurate . The conversations are fascinating to hear . In one , Reagan is desperate to apologize to British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher for not having informed her about the U.S. invasion of Grenada in 1983 . "  I 'm sorry for any embarrassment we caused you , " Reagan says . He explains to her that it was nothing personal , but rather a result of his own frustration with the inability to keep secrets in the U.S. political system . In another tape , we can hear President Reagan trying to persuade Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin to wait on pulling out his military forces from Lebanon until Lebanese troops can be brought in . In a third tape , we hear Syrian President Hafez al-Assad angrily waiting for Reagan , who keeps him on hold as he is finishing a horseback ride . The translator simply tells al-Assad that the President is on the "  farm . " The recordings have caught most people by surprise . Until now most experts thought the last private presidential audio we would hear was of President Richard Nixon , whose infamous recordings became part of the Watergate scandal that resulted in his resignation in 1974 . The White House tape recordings of John F. Kennedy , Lyndon Johnson and Nixon have offered some of the most riveting and revealing looks that we have into the private world of American politics , where negotiations , confrontations and deliberation have been conducted in closed rooms , outside the public purview . The tapes provided an unequaled glimpse into the workings of American political power . One of the great tragedies of Watergate for historians and for the public was that because the tapes became part of the evidence that brought down Nixon , presidents were thought to have stopped compiling such historical treasure . Six presidents secretly recorded meetings and telephone conversations between 1940 and 1973 . They all had different systems . Different presidents used the recording system in different ways , but the result was a close record of these kinds of conversations . The tapes have provided an eye-opening treasure trove for historians  I recently used the Lyndon Johnson tapes as the heart of a forthcoming book on the Great Society  . For John F. Kennedy we have been able to hear incredible conversations at the height of the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962 , when President Kennedy and his advisers wrestled with what to do about the Soviet buildup in Cuba . We hear Kennedy pushing back against hawkish officials who were determined to use force as a solution to the problem . After the President outlined the challenges the United States faced , Air Force Chief of Staff Curtis LeMay said "  You 're in a pretty bad fix , Mr. President . " The tapes record the President responding , "  You 're in there with me . " We can also hear that the decision-making process was much more tumultuous and dynamic than earlier analysts led us to believe . The Lyndon Johnson tapes cover everything from civil rights to Vietnam to sex scandals . Among them are conversations between Johnson and Richard Russell of Georgia , the most powerful Democrat in the Senate , about the dangers of involvement in Vietnam and questioning whether the war was necessary -- in 1964 and 1965 . During one conversation , Russell , who was a Cold War hawk , admits the war "  scares the life out of me . ... We just got into the thing and there 's no way out and we 're just getting pushed forward and forward and forward . " We can hear Johnson firsthand as he becomes increasingly frustrated with the urban riots in 1967 and understands how they will undermine his political coalition . Richard Nixon 's tapes can be shocking , far beyond the expletives . Through these tapes we can hear a truly Machiavellian politician constantly plotting ways to undercut his Democratic opponents and often thinking of policy in the crassest political terms . One tape provided the shocking revelation that Nixon extended the war in Vietnam until after the 1972 election for political gain . Frustrated with the negotiations over a peace in Vietnam , Nixon tells Secretary of State Henry Kissinger on April 6 , 1971 , that he is willing to unleash brutal military force if necessary . "  Well , things better start to happen or -- you know , I 'm -- you probably do n't believe me , but I can perfectly turn , I 'm capable of turning right awful hard . I never have in my life . But if I found that there 's no other way -- in other words , hell , if you think Cambodia had flower children fighting , we 'll bomb the goddamn North like it 's never been bombed ... we 'll bomb those bastards , and then let the American people -- let this country go up in flames . " Unfortunately , White House taping became politically toxic after Watergate . Once special assistant Alexander Butterfield revealed the taping system to the Senate Watergate Committee on July 16 , 1973 , from what we know , everything went dark . No longer would presidents record their conversations . No longer would they allow tape recorders into the hidden rooms of the White House . As scandal politics made every conversation even more dangerous , with congressional investigators , independent prosecutors and reporters looking at everything possible as ammunition in the scorched earth game of politics , from what we know , less and less of anything was recorded . Even emails became toxic after National Security officials desperately erased electronic correspondence in November 1986 as part of the Iran Contra cover up . There have been frequent reports that presidents since Clinton have been discouraging people in the White House from recording anything for fear that it would be subpoenaed . The Reagan tapes offer a glimmer of hope that the situation was not so bleak . In the spring there were also reports about the possibility of tapes from the Clinton era . Perhaps somewhere in the National Archives and presidential libraries there are more recordings than we know of . Given that the presidents we know about had different kinds of recordings -- from the Oval Office telephone conversations of LBJ to the more limited White House Situation Room tapes of Reagan -- it is possible that there is more data than we know about , even with George W. Bush and President Obama . Nor do we know what kind of tapes exist as a result of our new era of intense surveillance . Perhaps the NSA , for instance , has been amassing more of a presidential archive than we know . Let 's hope that the Reagan release creates some pressure on presidents to think again about the costs of going dark . While the appeal of not recording anything is obvious in this age of bitter polarized warfare , the long-term costs are immense as they greatly diminish the ability of historians to understand what took place in Washington and to provide Americans with the most accurate understanding of our political past . Indeed , this kind of documentation becomes all that more important as so much of our media coverage of politics is tainted by a partisan lens . In the end , the most important part of the "  legacy " of a president has less to do with their approval ratings or the ongoing polls that people conduct , ranking them like top 10 music , but rather with the continual conversation that writers will have as they keep digging into the archival record and putting together a more accurate history of the period . Without recordings in a political world that often revolves around private conversation , we are always limited in what we can understand . Hopefully the release of the Reagan tapes might provide some impetus to make sure the White House encourages its staff to make the best record possible of their time in Washington .	President Reagan recorded sensitive conversations with foreign leaders Julian Zelizer says some thought White House taping had ceased after Nixon He says such tapes provide crucial insight into history Zelizer : Presidents should think seriously about merits of White House tapes
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British reality TV celebrity Jade Goody died early Sunday morning following a public battle with cervical cancer , her publicist has announced . Jade Goody married her fiance Jack Tweed weeks before her death . Goody , 27 , died in her sleep at home in Essex , east of London , just before 4 a.m.  midnight Eastern Daylight Time  , a spokeswoman for Max Clifford Associates said . Goody 's husband , Jack Tweed , who she married last month in a lavish wedding ceremony , was at her bedside when she died , Clifford said . Her mother , Jackiey Budden , who was also at the house , said : "  My beautiful daughter is at peace . " Goody leaves behind two sons , Bobby , 5 , and Freddie , 4 , by former boyfriend and TV host Jeff Brazier . "  She died knowing that she had touched a lot of hearts and minds across the world , " Clifford told CNN by phone from Portugal . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said he was "  deeply saddened " by Goody 's death . "  Her family can be extremely proud of the work she has done to raise awareness of cervical cancer which will benefit thousands of women across the U.K. Every death from cancer is a tragedy and my thoughts go out to her two sons , husband and family at this time , " Brown said in a statement . The British media has reported a rise in the number of screenings for cervical cancer since Goody announced she had the disease , a phenomenon some have dubbed the "  Jade Goody effect . " Goody 's death marks the tragic end to a very modern tale . Images of her shrinking frame and bald head have dominated the pages of British media since she announced she had just weeks to live . However , she has openly courted the attention since bursting into the spotlight courtesy of the British version of "  Big Brother " in 2002 . At first the former dental nurse was a hate figure for Britain 's vociferous tabloid newspapers , who attacked her for being ignorant and stupid . The public , however , warmed to her loud , honest streak . She did not win the series , but was able to parlay her popularity into a series of reality television and business deals . Her face was soon regularly boldly looking out from the cover of gossip magazines and you could buy the fragrance Shh ... Jade Goody , fitness DVDs or pick up a copy of her autobiography . In 2007 , with her fame starting to dip , she agreed to return for the celebrity edition of "  Big Brother , " with her mother and then boyfriend , Jack Tweed , joining her in the house . It was to prove an ill-fated decision . Goody was soon accused of making racist comments and bullying her housemate -- the Indian actress Shilpa Shetty . More than 50,000 complaints were received . When she was voted out of the house the show 's producers took the unusual step of banning the public from attending her eviction . Goody was tearful and apologetic but British PR guru Clifford summed up the general opinion at the time by saying : "  It looks like she has ruined a very lucrative career . " Ever resilient , Goody had a Christmas cookbook out at the end of 2007 and in 2008 signed up for India 's version of "  Big Brother . " Two days into the show her cancer diagnosis was revealed on air . She flew home immediately to begin treatment . Last month Goody revealed her cancer was terminal and that she only had weeks to live . With typical bravado she , with Clifford 's help , organized her wedding to Tweed , who had only just been released from prison after serving a sentence for assault , selling the exclusive rights to OK! magazine for a reported $ 970,000 . It was also filmed for her reality TV show . Read blog about how media covered wedding The British government even stepped in to extend Tweed 's 7 p.m. curfew , a condition of his release from jail , so the couple could spend their wedding night together . Watch Jade Goody 's wedding preparations " Despite her weakening state Goody continued to open her door to the media , saying she needed to keep selling her story to help secure the future of her sons . In the days leading up to her death there were newspaper stories on a hammer-wielding woman getting into her room , the baptism of her sons , her last view of "  sun-kissed " fields and final farewells with family . There was also controversy when OK ! published a memorial issue nearly a week before she died . The issue , with a coverline announcing "  Jady Goody , 1981-2009 , " went on sale Tuesday . Clifford said Goody had loved her time in the spotlight . "  I think they 've  she and the media  exploited each other . Both have benefited . In Jade 's own words , she 's loved the last 7 years . They 've been wonderful . All the people 's she 's met , all the things she 's done . " CNN 's Glen Scanlon and Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	Jade Goody dies aged 27 after losing her battle with cervical cancer British PM Gordon Brown says he is "  deeply saddened " by Goody 's death British "  Big Brother " star fast-tracked plans to get married after cancer spread Goody said she needed to keep selling her story to raise money for her boys
Savannah , Georgia  CNN  -- As Billy Carruthers confidently walks through Savannah 's Forsyth Park , the homeless residents do a double take . Most remember Carruthers as a mentally ill , homeless , drug addict who spent his day conning tourists to buy books , then using the money to feed his cocaine habit . Carruthers is bipolar and suffers from depression . It took many years of arrests and falling off his medication before he could kick his cocaine habit . "  They look at me today , there 's one thing , beyond a shadow of a doubt that they see . They see change . They see recovery , " Carruthers said . "  They say , ` Where you been ? What happened to you ? ' That 's what recovery is . " Psychiatrist : I hate suicide but also understand it Today , Carruthers is helping those still living on the streets cope with their mental illnesses as part of an experimental program in Georgia . Supporters of the Opening Doors to Recovery program believe it can help stop prisons , jails and hospitals from becoming dumping grounds for the mentally ill . The program is trying to show state leaders the benefits of putting state money into this front end program rather than funding prisons and hospitals -- which are much more expensive , according to Nora Haynes who oversees the project for the National Alliance of Mentally Ill , or NAMI . "  We 've saved the state probably about $ 10,000 per participant and we have 100 participants ... and that 's a minimum , " said Nora Haynes , overseeing the project for the National Alliance of Mentally Ill , or NAMI , citing data compiled by NAMI . "  We 're keeping them out of jails and prisons and state hospitals and we 're moving them to recovery which means they 'll be going into the system less . " Most of the 100 participants in the program are suffering from a variety of mental issues including schizophrenia , bipolar disease and depression , according to NAMI . Many have long criminal records for relatively minor crimes that sent them to jail or to local hospitals at a huge expense to citizens . Each participant is assigned a peer navigator , like Carruthers . Navigators are a point of contact for participants and help them with doctor appointments safe housing , taking medication and even run-ins with the law . Participant names are entered into a database where they are red-flagged in the system if they have a run-in with police . Then , instead of ending up in jail or the emergency room , the flagged participant is picked up by their assigned navigator -- anytime , day or night . Often , said Haynes , participants ' erratic behavior can be rectified by something as simple as getting them to take their medication . A typical stay at a county jail will run about $ 60 per day for a psychiatric inmate , according to Georgia 's Department of Corrections . The supervision provided by the Opening Doors to Recovery program costs about $ 25 a day . To get her cost-savings point across to Georgia legislators last year , Haynes brought a soda can with a $ 1160 price tag attached to it . This prop helped her tell lawmakers the story of one mental patient who failed to take his medication , then walked out of a convenience store with a can of Coca-Cola without paying for it , and was taken to county jail . Taxpayers paid $ 1160 for the incident because the patient spent 21 days in jail . The gimmick caught enough notice to get about $ 800,000 from the Georgia legislature , to help get the program off the ground . "  The issue is the same across the country , " said Larry Branson of the Savannah Chatham Police Department . "  Our jails and prisons are the largest mental health institutions in the nation . There has to be an alternative to hospitalization or jail . " A U.S. Department of Justice study in 2006 found mental illness is rampant in the penal system : 56 % of state prisoners , 45 % of federal prisoners and 64 % of local jail inmates have mental health problems . Many are substance abusers . According to the National Alliance of Mentally Ill , prisoners with mental illness cost taxpayers about $ 9 billion a year . Professor recounts struggle with mental illness One of the keys to ending this cycle , experts say , is through a personal , one-on-one connection with a trusted mentor . "  I need to have someone who could speak to me in my own voice , someone I could respect , someone I could understand , " said Carruthers . So , each week Carruthers leads peer groups for the folks he navigates . They 've all been homeless at one time or another . "  I 'd rather stay healthy than be back in the places I 've been in , " said one female participant . "  I want to be myself and not walk around like a zombie anymore , " said one man . One person Carruthers cares for and navigates through the system -- who did not want to be identified -- has been diagnosed as a paranoid schizophrenic . He also has a drinking problem and suffers from delusions . "  I just hear voices , " he told CNN . "  When I was in jail and not taking medications , I thought I was somebody from the Bible . ... I thought my neighbor was talking to me and I took apart the ceiling fan and was trying to find a camera in there . " Canine help for mentally ill The participant has been in and out of jail for a wide variety of minor crimes -- mainly due to his illness . For a while he lived in a homeless shelter . His parents wanted desperately to help him , but just did n't know how . Finally , one day , they picked him up and got him out of the shelter . "  You 're just emotionally worn out with everything , " his mother said . "  One minute I say , ` Go live under a bridge ' and the next , you just want to hold him and make him better . " Now , they credit the Opening Doors to Recovery program and Carruthers , his navigator , for helping him slowly get his life back . "  When I was struggling with the medication aspect , he was always there at the doctor 's appointments and he would always come before work , " the man said . "  He 'd go out of his way to make sure everything was OK . " He has been studying to be an engineer . Up until recently , he 's been stable , but he had a positive test for alcohol during a drug court appearance , which was a setback in his lifelong battle . His family still believes he has a decent shot at a normal life , due to his newly found help . "  I just want him better , " said his mother . "  We 're not always going to be here . " What is bipolar II disorder ?	Georgia 's Opening Doors to Recovery helps the mentally ill stay off streets , out of jail It tries to prevent jails , hospitals from becoming a dumping ground for the mentally ill The program 's director says it has saved the state at least $ 1 million
Budget Travel  -- With these handy tools , you can update the folks back home without ever having to slow down . Use your Twitter acount to ask those following you for recommendations on the area you 're staying in . Mapness  mapness.net  Although it 's ostensibly designed for travel journaling , this clickable atlas can also help with planning by letting you create custom maps of your travels . Adding a waypoint or something of interest -- a hotel , a landmark , a train station -- is as easy as double clicking . Mapness will automatically plot routes between your various stops , and store your map online so that you can pull it up on the go . Even better , you can share your map with others via an e-mailed link , or export them to Google Earth so that everyone in your party can find their way to the chalet . Finally , once you 've arrived , you can also add photos and videos to document your trip for posterity . HazelMail  hazelmail.com  Everyone loves to get postcards , but actually messing with the mail while on vacation can make you go , well , postal .  And in any case , do you really want a cheesy image from the hotel gift shop to stand as the definitive shot of your journey ? Roll your own postcards instead . At HazelMail , named for its founder 's mom , you can upload your photographs and then enter a message and an address . The Web site takes care of the rest , printing out and mailing a freshly minted postcard  and saving you from having to track down stamps  . The flat fee of $ 1.50 includes postage to anywhere . Eye-Fi Explore  eye.fi / cards/explore /  There 's no reason to wait until you get home to upload your photos from your trip , thanks to this camera memory card that gives your camera Wi-Fi connectivity . When it 's paired with a free online account at a photo-sharing service such as Picasa or Flickr , you can set the card to upload on the fly , letting your friends tag along on your journeys with every snap you take . The Eye-Fi works with open wireless networks , and you can set it to automatically join them once you come into range . The purchase of the card also gives you the ability to use any Wayport hotspot for a year  there are more than 10,000 of such spots nationwide  . If you 're not near a free open source and you 're in the U.S. , chances are still good that you 'll be able to find a Wayport spot to upload your photos . Also fun : The Eye-Fi uses Wi-Fi signals to store location data with every photos that 's taken . When you upload shots to geo-enabled photo-sharing services  including Flickr and Picasa  , the photos can be automatically added to a map that notes where they were taken -- and which also has links to photos that other photographers have taken nearby . Twitter  twitter.com  Even if you 're not using the micro-blogging site Twitter to update the world with your own comings and goings , you can still use it to bring the wisdom of a savvy , global crowd to the palm of your hand . Use your free acount to ask those following you a question  "  Where can I find the best grits in Atlanta ? "  to tap into a trove of native knowledge in real time . For better luck use a "  hashtag "  a keyword preceded by the pound symbol , such as #Atlanta  that will help people find your query . Or perhaps your question has already been answered : Try Twitter 's dedicated search page . If you have an iPhone , you may also want to give the applications Tweetie and Twinkle a try . These can filter Twitter 's tweets by location to help you listen in on locals . TripIt  tripit.com  Have trouble keeping track of your travel plans ? Help is here . Once you are registered with TripIt , you can forward to the site all of your confirmation e-mails for flights , hotels , and rental cars . TripIt takes those pesky details and automatically organizes them into a sorted itinerary you can access from any computer . Thanks to its stripped-down Web site design , you can pull up your confirmation codes at the ticket counter on your phone , rather than printing everything up in advance . Social features help you create a network of friends and share itineraries , and also add badges to your Web site to show where you are and what you 're doing . In addition , you can export your trips to a calendar program such as Google Calendar or iCal . Google Voice  google.com/voice/about  With this phone manager , you can keep the calls coming through while you roam . Open at the moment only to existing users of a Google-owned service called GrandCentral but soon to be available for everyone , Google Voice gives you a phone number which you can set to ring any phone in the United States  Google plans to expand this ability worldwide  . Even more usefully , it can be set to let only some numbers through -- for instance , maybe you want your friends but not your boss to be able to call you on that beach in Miami . Because you can set it to ring more than one number , Google Voice can direct the same call to your cell phone as well as the line in your vacation home . You can also use it to check your voice mail from any computer . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Mapness , a clickable atlas , can help you plan by letting you create custom maps Eye-Fi Explore is a memory card that gives your camera Wi-Fi connectivity TripIt organizes travel plans into a sorted itinerary you can access from any computer
After five years in captivity , Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is free . But that 's hardly the end of the story . While the Idaho man 's friends and family and the Obama administration are hailing his release , the deal that set him free is getting heat from critics who say Bergdahl is a traitor who cost American lives and those who say the deal could cost American lives in the future . A captive U.S. soldier returns home ... sounds like a good thing . Why are some people so upset ? Some fear that the deal will encourage hostage-taking and open a new era in which the United States has to negotiate with terrorists . Others say the administration may have broken the law by failing to notify Congress that it was letting terror detainees free from the military prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Still others -- many of them Bergdahl 's fellow soldiers -- are queasy about the whole thing because of the questions that continue to swirl around his disappearance and claims that he may have deserted his post . Do n't other countries make such swaps ? Has n't the United States ? Of course . Prisoner exchanges have been a feature of many U.S. conflicts going back to the Revolutionary War . And no student of Cold War history could overlook the exchange of U-2 pilot Francis Gary Powers for a Russian spy in 1962 , or of the several cloak-and-dagger spy exchanges conducted on Germany 's Glienicke Bridge . Other countries , notably Israel , have also been known to negotiate prisoner swaps to gain the release of captive soldiers . One controversy here is a U.S. law that requires the administration to give Congress notice 30 days before releasing any detainees from the military prison at Guantanamo Bay . National Security Adviser Susan Rice said Sunday on CNN that the "  acute urgency " of Bergdahl 's failing health and what she described as a narrow opportunity to win his freedom justified making the move without notifying Congress . On Monday , White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough defended the administration 's handling of the negotiations , saying Congress had known for years of negotiations for Bergdahl 's release , including the possibility that detainees might be released . But several U.S. lawmakers on Monday criticized the White House 's approach . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , told reporters on Capitol Hill Monday that lawmakers on her committee should have been given a heads-up about the prisoner swap . "  We had participated in a number of briefings some time ago , and there  were  considerable concerns , " the California Democrat said . Rep. Mike Rogers , chairman the House Intelligence Committee , said he planned to look into whether Obama broke the law by not notifying Congress 30 days in advance . "  I think it certainly merits further review , and that 's what I 'm going to do to make that determination , " the Michigan Republican told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  It certainly does n't smell right to me . " So who is this guy , and how did he wind up getting captured , anyway ? Friends describe him as a trustworthy and outgoing world traveler who joined the Army in 2008 . How he ended up captive remains a bit of a mystery . U.S. officials have declined to go into detail , but soldiers in his platoon say he was pulling guard duty when he put down his weapons and walked off base . He reportedly had sent e-mails to his parents denouncing U.S. activities in Afghanistan , according to 2012 reporting by late Rolling Stone reporter Michael Hastings . What are the soldiers who served with him saying ? Bluntly , they resent any talk of Bergdahl as a hero . They say he 's a deserter who should be put on trial , especially in light of the deaths of at least six U.S. soldiers killed while looking for him . "  I was pissed off then and I am even more so now with everything going on , " said Matt Vierkant , who was in the same platoon as Bergdahl . "  Bowe Bergdahl deserted during a time of war and his fellow Americans lost their lives searching for him . " "  I do n't understand why we 're trading prisoners at Gitmo for somebody who deserted during a time of war , which is an act of treason , " Vierkant said . Are they right ? Was he a deserter ? U.S. officials are n't saying that , at least not directly . When asked about the issue Sunday , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel sidestepped the question . "  Our first priority is assuring his well-being and his health and getting him reunited with his family , " Hagel said . "  Other circumstances that may develop and questions , those will be dealt with later . " On Monday , Pentagon spokesman Adm. John Kirby said U.S. officials "  still do n't have a complete picture of what caused him to leave his base that night . " "  But let 's not forget , he was held captive as a prisoner for five years . Five years by himself , " Kirby said . "  That 's a pretty high price to pay for whatever impelled him to walk off that base . " So what 's next for him ? He 's at an American military hospital in Germany being evaluated by doctors and facing a lengthy repatriation and reintegration process . He 's in stable condition "  receiving treatment for conditions that require hospitalization , " Landstuhl Regional Medical Center said in a statement . Beyond saying he requires attention to "  dietary and nutrition needs , " the hospital did n't elaborate , citing medical privacy requirements . "  The Landstuhl staff is sensitive to what Sgt. Bergdahl has been through and will proceed with his reintegration at a pace with which he is comfortable , " the hospital said . Those in charge of treating Bergdahl are working to build up his confidence in them , a senior Defense Department official said , noting that Bergdahl has n't been able to trust anyone for five years . Doctors in Germany are evaluating his health and whether he 's ready to be transported , said Arwen Consaul , a spokeswoman for U.S. Army South . Once doctors give the OK , a receiving team will travel there to facilitate his transport to Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio , Texas . From there , he 'll head to the San Antonio Military Medical Center , where a room is already ready for Bergdahl and a support team is standing by , Consaul said . He has n't yet talked to his family , Kirby said . "  That will obviously occur , but it wo n't occur until I think everybody believes it 's the right time , " he said . The first meeting between Bergdahl and his parents may only last minutes , Consaul said , depending on what psychologists recommend . Once in the United States , she said , Bergdahl 's daily routine will focus on four key areas : medical care , psychological support , debriefings and family support . "  This is to help a person who has had no control of their own life for years now regain that control step by step , " she said . Is it true he 's having trouble speaking English ? Why ? Yes , according to a senior Defense Department official , but the reasons for it are n't clear . It may be that he has n't used English since he was captured , instead speaking to his captors in Pashtun , the local language . Roy Hallums , a private contractor held by Iraqi insurgents for 10 months , said he did n't have trouble readjusting to English , but said he could n't talk for a while because he had been forced to stay silent under threat of death . "  It 's like your vocal chords are like your muscles in your arms . If they do n't get any use , they get out of shape , " he told CNN 's "  New Day . " What about these detainees the U.S. let go ? Should we worry about them ? According to senior U.S. officials , they 're mid - to high-level officials from the Taliban regime that ruled Afghanistan when the United States invaded the country . They include figures said to be linked to the late terror leader Osama bin Laden , his al Qaeda terror network and to abuses inside Afghanistan during the Taliban 's rule . But Kirby said Monday that U.S. officials have received assurances from Qatari officials that the men "  were not going to pose a direct threat to the national security of the United States . " He declined to go into detail , but according to a senior defense official , they will be subject to Qatari supervision and a one-year travel ban . Should we expect any more prisoner swaps or releases ? There are n't any other U.S. military personnel being held , so there wo n't be any more swaps involving troops , at least . But it 's possible that Bergdahl 's release presages a broader release of Afghan citizens from Guantanamo Bay , said CNN terrorism analyst Peter Bergen . "  At the end of hostilities , both sides typically swap prisoners , and we 're coming to the end of conventional hostilities between these two groups , " he said . The State Department said Monday that the swap for Bergdahl does n't set a precedent for other detained U.S. military or diplomatic personnel , like former State Department contractor Alan Gross in Cuba or Korean-American missionary Kenneth Bae in North Korea . "  We look at each case differently , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki told reporters . Bergdahl "  is a member of the military who was detained during an armed conflict . That , obviously , is a unique circumstance , " she said . "  In any case , whether it 's Alan Gross or Kenneth Bae or others who are detained American citizens , we take every step possible to make the case and to ... take steps to ensure their return home to the United States . " What 's next for Bergdahl ? Fellow soldiers call Bergdahl a deserter , not a hero	Feinstein : Lawmakers should 've gotten heads-up about prisoner swap Rogers : Decision to swap prisoners without telling Congress "  does n't smell right " Soldier 's release generates controversy and questions Some say the deal puts Americans at greater risk ; others question Bergdahl 's disappearance
EW.com  -- With NBC canceling veterinarian comedy "  Animal Practice , " activist group PETA is declaring "  victory . " "  PETA 's staff are celebrating today in response to news that NBC 's ` Animal Practice ' has been canceled , " the organization said in a statement . "  The cancellation of ` Animal Practice ' sends the strong message that using animals for cheap laughs on TV shows is archaic and uninteresting to today 's viewers , who are sophisticated enough to know that not only is putting a monkey in a lab coat not funny , it 's also cruel . " NBC cancels ` Animal Practice ' Yes , thank goodness that Crystal , the most pampered monkey on the planet , has been rescued from employment with a cast of comic actors in Hollywood  on a series that , if anything , idolized the animal kingdom  . NBC is replacing "  Animal Practice " next month with the return of sitcom "  Whitney . " PETA waged a protest against the freshman comedy , saying trained animals are often removed from their mothers in a "  traumatic way , " undergo "  physical abuse " during the training process and worried the sitcom might encourage people to buy monkeys as pets . ` Nashville 's ' ratings go south The organization claims 40,000 members wrote to NBC and the show 's advertisers . Though "  Animal Practice " would have needed more than 50 times that number of extra viewers to have had a shot at remaining on the air . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	PETA is calling the cancellation of NBC 's "  Animal Practice " a victory PETA claims 40,000 members wrote to NBC and the show 's advertisers NBC will replace "  Animal Practice " with "  Whitney " next month
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- No candidate won enough votes to secure outright victory in the first round of the Afghan presidential poll , the election commission said Thursday . The election will proceed to a runoff on June 14 between former Foreign Minister Abdullah Abdullah and former Finance Minister Ashraf Ghani , the two candidates who received the highest number of votes . In the first-round , in which around 7 millions Afghans voted on April 5 , Abdullah secured 45 % of the vote , while Ghani got 31.6 % . A candidate needs to receive more than 50 % of the votes to win the first round and avoid a runoff . Preliminary results had been announced in late April , but had to be finalized after investigations into fraud complaints . The final results from the runoff will be announced on July 22 , the election commission said . It 's the third election since the fall of the Taliban in 2001 , and is set to be the first democratic transfer of power in the fragile , war-torn country . Abdullah was a vocal critic of the Taliban during their years in power , and although he was once an ally of incumbent President Hamid Karzai , serving in his government as foreign minister , he has in later years become an opponent . He challenged Karzai in the 2009 election but dropped out after the first round to protest what he said was large-scale voting fraud . Ghani is a former academic and U.S. citizen who gave up his passport to run for the Afghan presidency in 2009 . He worked as an adviser to Karzai and also as finance minister in his Cabinet . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai reported from Kabul , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong .	No candidate secures more than 50 % of votes Abdullah Abdullah will face Ashraf Ghani in a runoff next month The result of the first round had to be finalized after a fraud investigation
CNN  As ISIS continues it murderous rampage in the Middle East , Egypt 's President said it 's time for more Arab countries to join forces against the terror group . "  The need for a unified Arab force is growing and becoming more pressing every day , " Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi said in a televised speech Sunday . El-Sisi said Jordan and the United Arab Emirates have offered military help as Egypt amplifies its battle against ISIS in neighboring Libya . CNN military analyst Maj. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks said "  it 's about time " an Arab leader like el-Sisi made such a statement . "  Strategically and politically for the region , this is a big deal , and it 's absolutely the right first step , " the retired U.S. Army officer said . El-Sisi 's statement came after U.S. President Barack Obama called for other countries last week to step up their efforts in the fight against ISIS . The United States is leading a coalition to fight ISIS from the sky over Iraq and Syria . But according to U.S. Central Command , 80 % of the airstrikes have been conducted by the United States ; the other 20 % were launched by other coalition countries . And there 's serious doubt about whether airstrikes alone will eliminate ISIS . "  The airstrikes are n't going to get the job done , " CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  We need the Arab states to be the ones to eventually put the boots on the ground . Whether they actually end up doing it and being dedicated to this , we 'll have to see . " El-Sisi did n't specify exactly what he meant by a "  united Arab force " and whether that means troops on the ground . The idea of a pan-Arab force has been talked about for generations . But past efforts have been marred by distrust among Arab nations . Now , they have a common enemy in ISIS , a formidable regional threat . ISIS was initially known for trying to establish an Islamic State across parts of Iraq and Syria , and it has captured swaths of land in both countries . But the group is expanding its reach . Last week , ISIS released a gruesome video that appeared to show militants beheading 21 Egyptian Christians on a Libyan beach . In response , Egypt launched a series of airstrikes against ISIS in Libya . But in his speech Sunday , el-Sisi said the Egyptian army is n't trying to invade foreign territory . "  Your armed forces only protect the people of Egypt , and we coordinate with our Arab brothers , " he said . Who 's doing what in the coalition battle against ISIS ? As world leaders talk about what to do about ISIS , the militants ' atrocities and threats carry on . On Saturday , ISIS released a new propaganda video showing what appears to be Kurdish Peshmerga fighters paraded down Iraqi streets in cages atop pickup trucks . The video features a man saying the Peshmerga soldiers were captured by ISIS . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the video . A man with a microphone bearing the ISIS logo interviews some of the captives . The prisoners , under duress , call on their fellow Peshmerga soldiers to give up their fight against ISIS . Watch : Who are the Peshmerga ? The heavily edited footage also includes flashback images of the beheadings of the Christian Egyptians . The man in the video gives an ominous warning : "  We say to the Peshmerga : Leave your jobs , or your fate will be like these , either the cage , or under the ground . " CNN 's Ian Lee and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	"  This is a big deal , and it 's absolutely the right first step , " U.S. Maj. Gen. James Marks says Jordan and the UAE have offered military assistance to Egypt , Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says
CNN  -- Every day in sub-Saharan Africa 700 children are infected with HIV , mostly through their mothers , according to the United Nations . Fortunately , with the right treatment most cases of mother-child HIV transmission are entirely preventable , a goal the international AIDS community is working to make a reality by 2015 . To that end , the New York-based charity Born Free is teaming up with top names in the fashion and beauty industries to raise money to stop mother-child transmission of HIV once and for all . Born Free has recruited Vogue editor Anna Wintour along with 22 designers and models to each create unique wearable pieces from an exclusive print by African artist Wangechi Mutu . Proceeds from sales of the clothing will go toward getting lifesaving drugs to those who need them . Stella McCartney , Donna Karan , Tory Burch and Gisele Bundchen are just a few of the celeb mothers and designers who are participating . Shopbop , owned by Amazon , is exclusively selling the line , which launches Wednesday . Pieces cost $ 250 or less . "  Born Free is an idea that came from a place of deep respect for the delicate cycle of life . How incredible to be able to work with gifted designers , who as mothers recognize what the devastating loss of a child could mean and how easily that loss can be avoided , " said Mutu . Designers were given free rein to create with Mutu 's prints . Each designer presented something for mother and child . Isabel Marant , known for her bohemian vibe , went with a micro-print on a peasant blouse . Jenna Lyons from J.Crew went with louche pants and a pleated girl 's skirt . The effort is the brainchild of John Megrue , chairman of private equity firm Apax Partners , who was concerned with the spread of HIV to the smallest and most vulnerable people in sub-Saharan Africa . There are a number of private , public and international organizations on the ground in sub-Saharan Africa , fighting the HIV/AIDS epidemic . Megrue 's vision was to see private sector charities like MAC AIDS and mothers2mothers join forces with organizations like UNAIDS and PEPFAR . Born Free was announced in November 2013 as an umbrella organization to raise money and distribute medicine where it 's needed . With just one pill a day -- a combination of several anti-retroviral medicines -- a mother with HIV or AIDS can almost completely eradicate the risk of passing the disease on to her baby , according to Born Free . "  I am thrilled that the fashion community has so generously added their time , talent and voice to our collective efforts to meet the serious , but achievable challenge of eliminating mother-to-child transmission of HIV by December 31 , 2015 , " said Megrue . Born Free will raise money via sales of the clothing from Shopbop , donations , and Conde Nast magazine subscription fees in May and June . One hundred percent of proceeds will be donated to Born Free , and the MAC AIDS Fund will match up to $ 500,000 of all donations . The organization 's aim is to work with governments within countries where the rate of mother-child HIV transmission is high to move toward solving the issue . "  We 've seen incredible advances in HIV treatment , but to end the epidemic , we need to ensure all at-risk pregnant women are tested for HIV , and if they are positive , they receive HIV treatment so their babies can be born HIV free , " said Nancy Mahon , global executive director , MAC AIDS Fund .	700 children are infected with HIV in sub-Saharan African daily Most mother-child transmission of HIV is preventable with drugs and education The Born Free charity is partnering with the fashion and beauty industries to raise funds Money raised will go toward the goal of ending mother-child transmission by 2015
Nikolaevo , Bulgaria  CNN  -- The homes are built with mud and straw . The streets are dirt and puddles . An old Roma lady gestures that she 's so hungry it feels like her belly has been slit . This is Nikolaevo , a tumbledown Roma village in the heart of Bulgaria . If fate had dealt a girl known as "  Maria " a different hand , she would have grown up here , surrounded by decay and poverty . DNA tests have now solved part of the mystery of Maria , the child called the "  blond angel " by Greek media after she was discovered during a police raid on a Roma camp in Farsala , Greece . Her birth parents are Bulgarian -- Saska Ruseva and Atanas Rusev -- and , like the Greek couple who had been raising Maria , they , too , are Roma . DNA from ` Maria ' matches that of Bulgarian couple "  Maria 's parents live by selling herbs they collect in the forest or recycling scrap metal . They get child support payments , too , but that 's never enough , " a neighbor who gave his name as George said . Maria 's biological family live in a one-room home made of the same mud bricks as the rest of the village . The walls have been whitewashed , and a single window is partly covered with a pane of glass , the rest with a sheet of plastic . The inhabitants of Nikolaevo complain that when it rains , the houses flood and the mud buildings get drenched . When we called at the home Friday , a few hours before the DNA match was confirmed , the Rusevs had left . Producers at a national TV station later confirmed they had paid for them to go to the Bulgarian capital Sofia , a three-hour drive away , for an interview scheduled to air Sunday night . The previous day , however , Saska Ruseva had spoken to CNN 's sister channel in Bulgaria TV7 . She denied allegations she had sold her baby in Greece or that Maria had been trafficked abroad by a criminal gang . The Roma : A thousand years of discrimination continues in Europe , advocates say "  We gave her away . I did n't take any money . I did n't have any food to give to her . Since I saw her on the TV , I 've been sick , " she said . Ruseva also said she did not initially name the girl "  Maria " but had intended to call her "  Stanka . " Even though the Rusevs had left the village for the weekend , two teenagers who say they are Maria 's brother and sister -- 13-year-old Angel and 14-year-old Minka -- were home alone . When I caught up with Angel he told me he had no idea the Rusevs had left . He told me he had just come back from school . He does n't speak Bulgarian -- neighbors were on hand to translate our conversation . Angel like many in Nikolaevo speaks only Turkish . That , for historical reasons , is the language Roma speak here . Their ancestors arrived in the Balkans as soldiers or auxiliaries in the armies of the Ottoman Empire some 500 years ago . A day 's drive away across the border , Maria , now believed to be 5 or 6 years old , speaks no Greek . She has grown up speaking the Roma dialect , derived from ancient Sanskrit . That was the language Romas spoke when they migrated from India more than 1,000 years ago . CNN visits Roma community where ` Maria ' was found I caught up with a woman who says she 's Maria 's big sister -- Saska Ruseva 's eldest daughter -- 20-year-old Katia , in the next village , Gurkevo . She has very pale skin , white-blond hair tinged with red , and her eyes are bothered by bright sunlight . Maria , too , is very fair . And in the Roma camp where she was found , residents said Maria had been born with an eye problem , but they were unable to specify the exact diagnosis . When she was cured , the Roma threw a special celebration . Katia explained to me that mother Saska had traveled to Greece in 2009 to work on the orange harvest . "  My mum was pregnant at that time and gave birth , but she did not have the money to bring her baby home . She did not sell Maria but left her there and came back to Bulgaria to try and arrange the documents , " she said . The plight of the Roma Investigators on both sides of the border , however , doubt that version of events . Christos Salis and Eleftheria Dimopoulo , the Greek Roma couple who raised Maria from a few months old , are still in custody charged with kidnapping . And on Friday afternoon , Bulgarian police said they had launched a criminal investigation on suspicion the Rusevs had sold Maria for illegal adoption . Law enforcement sources in Greece say Bulgarian women have in the past been detected traveling heavily pregnant into Greece . They say once they give birth they pass their children off to childless Greek couples for an agreed payment . Underscoring those assertions , Greek police said Friday they had arrested a non-Roma Greek couple in Athens on charges of trying to buy a Roma baby for 4,000 euros  $ 5,500  . Investigators have not given any hint how long it may take to prove or discount their allegations that Maria may have been the victim of an illegal adoption . What is immediately clear , though , is that she , like many Roma children , is a victim of crushing poverty . The European Union says of the estimated 12 million Roma in the EU , 90 % live below the poverty line . In Nikolaevo , many inhabitants say they , like Maria 's parents , regularly travel to Greece to harvest fruit and vegetables . In Greece , impoverished Roma in the camp where Maria was found say they are now faced with competition for farm jobs from Bulgarian , Romanian and Albanian Roma who are even more desperate than them and ready to work for as little as 10 euros a day . As I said goodbye to Katia , she asked if Maria would be allowed to come home to the family . "  My mother really wants her to come and live with them . She 's been crying , and she 's so worried , " she said . For now , there seems little immediate prospect of a family reunion . Bulgaria 's Child Protection Services went to Nikolaevo on Friday to carry out what they said was an assessment of Saska Ruseva 's "  suitability as a parent " and the family 's living conditions . By nightfall , the same state officials were back with police to take Angel and Minka into protective care . A female relative had taken in the youngsters . She began to wail loudly at the prospect of the adolescents being taken away . Just then , we saw another neighbor dodge past the police officers and help Angel and Minka slip away into the night .	CNN 's Karl Penhaul visits the Bulgarian Roma village where "  Maria " grew up "  We gave her away . I did n't take any money , " her biological mother says DNA match traced birth parents of Maria to the village of Nikolaevo Greek Roma couple who raised Maria are in custody charged with kidnapping
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The doctor convicted of causing Michael Jackson 's death asked an appeals court this week to let him out of jail while the judges decide whether they will overturn his conviction . The judge who presided over Conrad Murray 's trial last year denied bail in a February hearing , saying his lawyers had not proven he was not a risk to flee the state or harm someone else with his questionable medical practices . Jackson died of an overdose of a surgical anesthetic and sedatives in his home while under Dr. Murray 's care on June 25 , 2009 . Los Angeles County District Judge Michael Pastor , who sentenced Murray to four years in prison for the involuntary manslaughter conviction , "  unjustifiably erred " by denying Murray 's request to remain free during his appeal , " Murray lawyer Valerie Wass said in a motion filed this week with California 's Second District Court of Appeals . Read more : Judge rejects e-mail ban in Michael Jackson death lawsuit "  Appellant respectfully requests that this court order his release on his own recognizance pending appeal , or alternatively , that it order his release on reasonable bail , " Wass wrote . Murray , who has been in a Los Angeles County jail since a jury found him guilty in November 2011 , is eligible for parole after serving two years . Murray is set to be freed October 28 , 2013 unless he is let out early on bail or because of jail overcrowding . Pastor said he doubted Murray would stick around for the appeal decision because he has "  resources " to flee and "  significant ties elsewhere , " including to Grenada , where he was born , and Trinidad , where he was raised . But Murray is a naturalized U.S. citizen with children in the United States , including a 3-year-old son in California , Wass argued in her motion for bail . The prospect of losing his life in the United States would prevent him from leaving the country , she said . "  It would be all but impossible for appellant to flee " because he has become infamous from the media coverage of Jackson 's death and the trial , Wass wrote . As for resources , Murray is broke , she said . Pastor also suggested Murray was a danger to the public because of his dangerous attitude toward using propofol , the drug that killed Jackson . Wass argued in the appeal that Murray would not be practicing medicine since California suspended his medical license after he was convicted and he voluntarily surrendered his other medical licenses in Texas and Nevada . "  He lacks the means and ability to prescribe or obtain pharmaceutical drugs , " she wrote . Prosecutors have until the end of December to file their response to Murray 's bail request . Read more : Conrad Murray gets bigger cell , but still unhappy Murray is appealing his conviction on several points , including the contention that Pastor erred in not allowing his lawyers to present evidence of Jackson 's financial troubles , which they argued would support their theory that the pop star 's desperation led him to administer the fatal dose to himself . Wass argued that the judge 's decision not to allow the defense to call Beverly Hills dermatologist Dr. Arnold Klein or his staff as witnesses denied Murray a fair trial . Murray 's lawyers contended that drugs given to Jackson by Klein in the weeks before his death contributed to his death . The judge 's refusal to sequester the jury in a hotel during the trial , which was televised live , "  may have improperly influenced the jurors , " Wass argued . Another major issue in the appeal is the decision not to allow Murray 's lawyers to test the contents of a bottle found next to Jackson 's bed . They contend it could reveal evidence to support their theory that Jackson gave himself the fatal dose while Murray was out of the room . Jackson 's mother and three children are suing AEG , the promotion company they say hired Murray and supervised Murray 's care of Jackson as he prepared for comeback concerts in London in summer 2009 . Murray is expected to be a witness in the wrongful death trial scheduled for next April . Lawyer : Conrad Murray 's suffering in jail a ` slow death '	Conrad Murray 's lawyer argues the trial judge erred by denying him bail while appealing conviction A jury found Murray guilty of involuntary manslaughter in Michael Jackson 's death Jackson died of an overdose of a surgical anesthetic and sedatives under Murray 's care Murray has about 10 months left to serve unless he is freed early
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- Three African presidents met with their defiant counterpart in Ivory Coast Tuesday in an effort to defuse the country 's political crisis . No details of the meeting in Abidjan , the administrative center of the conflict-torn country , were immediately available . But incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo 's ministers had already signaled that the man who believed he had won Ivory Coast 's presidential election had no intention of stepping down . Presidents Yayi Boni of Benin , Ernest Bai Koroma of Sierra Leone and Pedro Pires of Cape Verde were next meeting with Gbagbo 's challenger , Alassane Ouattara , who also claimed victory at the polls and who has the international community 's support as Ivory Coast 's legitimate leader . The three heads of state represent the 15-member Economic Community of West African States  ECOWAS  , which held an emergency meeting last Friday in Nigeria and delivered an ultimatum to Gbagbo : Step down or face the threat of military force . Gbagbo 's Minister of Interior Emile Guirieoulou said Sunday the three leaders would be "  received as brothers , friends . " "  We will listen to them , listen to the message they are carrying , " he said . "  If they abide to our constitution , we 're going to talk ... our constitution is not negotiable . " However , Foreign Affairs Minister Alcide Djedje said Gbagbo would not step down . The ECOWAS delegation met earlier Tuesday with Young-Jin Choi , United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's special envoy ; and a representative of the African Union . It 's unclear if ECOWAS intends to make good on its threat or what kind of force would be used . It has intervened before in Liberia and Sierra Leone . Ivory Coast 's Independent Electoral Commission , backed by the United Nations , declared opposition leader Ouattara the winner of a November runoff . But its Constitutional Council invalidated those results and declared incumbent Gbagbo the winner . The international community , including the United States , the United Nations and the African Union , has recognized Ouattara as the winner and urged Gbagbo to cede power . The incumbent government on Tuesday threatened to expel ambassadors of countries that recognize Ouattara 's ambassadors , according to Ahoua Don Melo , the government spokesman . Speaking on national television , he said the move would be a measure of reciprocity . The threat seems to take aim at France and Belgium . France has said it would review the credentials of an ambassador appointed by Ouattara , while Belgium has said it would recognize the Ouattara appointee . The political stalemate has thrown Ivory Coast into crisis and scores of people have died in related violence . A convoy of Bangladeshi peacekeepers came under attack Tuesday in Abidjan , the United Nations said . The U.N. peacekeeping mission said one soldier was slashed in the arm by a machete and a U.N. vehicle was burned . The African Union has suspended Ivory Coast from the organization "  until such a time the democratically elected president effectively assumes state power . " And the World Bank has halted lending and disbursing funds to Ivory Coast and has closed its office in the country . The U.S. Department of Defense currently has a group in Abidjan looking into the possible evacuation of U.S. citizens . State Department spokesman Mark Toner confirmed it was a "  small DoD assessment team on the ground at the embassy in Abidjan to help with contingency planning . " More than 15,000 refugees have fled for neighboring Liberia , according to the U.N. High Commissioner on Refugees , a large number of them women and children . CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : Incumbent government threatens to expel some ambassadors The leaders of Sierra Leone , Cape Verde and Benin are meeting with the candidates Incumbent Laurent Gbagbo and challenger Alassane Ouattara both claim victory West African leaders warn Gbagbo to step down or face military force
Motozintla , MEXICO  CNN  -- "  My life was sad before because I had to crawl on the ground , " recalls Caesar Morales , a 24-year-old father in Mexico who , until recently , had only one limb and could n't walk . David Puckett 's nonprofit has provided free artificial limbs , orthopedic braces and care to more than 420 people . But today , thanks to David Puckett and his U.S.-based nonprofit , Morales has new prosthetic legs . Now , he 's not only able to walk , but his newfound independence has made it possible for him to move to another town where he could find work . "  He lifted me up to where I am today , " Morales says . Morales is n't the only person in southeastern Mexico who credits Puckett with changing his life . Since November 2000 , the certified , licensed prosthetist/orthotist from Savannah , Georgia , has been providing artificial limbs , orthopedic braces and ongoing care to hundreds in need in the communities of Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula and Chiapas -- free of charge . "  When someone loses a limb they immediately know what they 've lost , " says Puckett . "  The goal is to restore the healthy self image again so that that person can see themselves whole . " Puckett first connected with the Yucatan people while volunteering on a mission there as a teenager . Struck by the overwhelming poverty and the physical challenges he saw people facing in the rural communities , Puckett vowed to return and make a difference there . "  When I finally got into the field of orthotics and prosthetics , I said , ` Ah-ha . Now , I know what I can do . ' " His nonprofit , PIPO Missions : Limbs and Braces to Mexico , collects donated , used orthopedic braces and artificial limbs in the United States and crafts new ones from their recycled components . On average , Puckett makes a six-day trip every two months to distribute the custom prosthetics and braces , while also providing ongoing care . "  To deliver an artificial limb or brace without follow-up does n't help that person in the long run , " says Puckett . "  We need to make sure that they have what they need to continue living successfully for years to come . " Over the course of his 41 trips to the region , Puckett has helped more than 420 individuals . He 's found that word of his work spreads fast through the villages and people will drive hours to attend his clinics . Puckett 's trips are routinely extended to accommodate house calls to immobile residents of distant towns . Watch how Puckett brings prosthetic and orthotic care to people in Mexico " "  Someone might say , ' I wan na bring 10 people with me next time you come . ' The mixed blessing is they 'll bring 50 or 100 people that have physical needs , " says Puckett . "  The difficulty for me is , how do I say no ? " For Puckett , each trip demonstrates the immeasurable impact he is making on people 's lives . Stories of previously unimagined independence , confidence and employment greet him from clinical waiting areas , often along with offerings of food , livestock and friendship . When his group helps one person , Puckett explains , it has an effect on an entire community . Watch Puckett describe how one patient in Mexico crafted himself a homemade foot " "  It opens a whole other door for many of these folks to experience the world in a way in which they 've never even dreamt of , " says Puckett . "  And the world has an opportunity to greet them , accept them and welcome them back into society . So , it 's a double blessing . " Watch Puckett describe how he helped a woman now known as "  the miracle girl " " In between trips , Puckett also spends time soliciting the aid of surgeons , as he frequently encounters physical conditions that require surgery before prosthetic help can be successfully administered . "  If we had a surgeon here , we could see eight to 10 patients in a weekend and change their lives forever , " he says . "  It 's tough for people to make the choice to give up time with their families and a portion of their income to extend themselves in this way . But , take it from me , the more we give , the more we get . "	David Puckett 's nonprofit provides free artificial limbs , braces and care Since November 2000 the organization has helped hundreds in southeastern Mexico Puckett 's organization crafts the braces and artificial limbs from recycled ones
CNN  -- A dazzling meteor lit up skies Thursday night in at least 10 states , from Ohio to Maryland and all the way down to South Carolina . "  It was a huge yellow burning tail streaking what seemed right over the city , " one poster on the American Meteor Society 's reporting page wrote from Virginia Beach , Virginia . "  It was angled in a way that it looked like it was going to crash into the city . " Others on Twitter described the meteor , which appeared a little after 7 p.m. , as white , blue or green . In Silver Spring , Maryland , another poster to the Meteor Society page wrote that it "  looked like a plane on fire close by . " It was n't , of course . It was almost certainly an unusually bright meteor classified by the American Meteor Society as a fireball -- a bit of rock , metal or ice from space that shines brighter than Venus as it burns up in Earth 's atmosphere . The object had generated at least 155 reports to the meteor tracking group as of Friday morning . A similar event happened late Monday , viewed by at least 100 people from Maryland north to Connecticut . The organization says "  several thousand " meteors that could be classified as fireballs enter the atmosphere every day , but most go unseen because they burn up over oceans or uninhabited areas . NASA 's All Sky Fireball Network	A fireball was seen in at least 10 states a little after 7 p.m. Thursday "  It was a huge yellow burning tail , " one viewer wrote to a meteor tracking group Others said it was green , white or blue Such events are common , but often go unseen , American Meteor Society says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Less than two weeks after suffering his third major heart attack , Gallagher told CNN he 's suspending his comedy club career to improve his health and give him more time to work on new challenges . "  I 'm sick and tired of it , " the 65-year-old comedian said of constantly touring at small clubs . Instead , he 'll finish a cartoon movie script he 's been writing and try to create television shows , he said . "  If Betty White can have a career at her age , I might have two or three years of something different , " Gallagher said . White turned 90 this year . Gallagher has been performing his prop comedy -- most notably using his trademark Sledge-O-Matic to smash watermelons and other objects -- on the road for 32 years . He suffered his latest major heart attack on March 14 while waiting to on stage at Hat Tricks in Lewisville , Texas . It came a year after another heart attack suffered while on the stage of a Minnesota club . And his promotional manager , Christine Scherrer , confirmed to CNN that the comedian suffered yet another heart attack -- albeit a mild one -- on Sunday due to complications from the March 14 attack . Gallagher was awake and resting comfortably Sunday night at a hospital in Sedona , Arizona , Scherrer said . Following the March 14 heart attack and after two stents were placed in his clogged coronary arteries and he spent several days in an induced coma , Gallagher checked himself out of the hospital . "  It 's a plumbing problem , and once the plumber opens up the pipe you feel fine , " he said in a CNN interview Saturday . The long flights and poor diet that come with comedy one-night stands could kill him , Gallagher said . "  Maybe that 's why I have the heart attacks , " he said . "  I do n't really exercise that much . " Besides , "  there 's no more challenge " in the clubs , he said . "  I 'm tired of going to these bars , " he said . "  I 'm just tired of it , and I want to have the time to put something else together . " Small clubs also limit his income , he said . "  Just figure it out , 250 people at $ 25 each . Plus , there 's the advertising and the bar wants to make some money . It 's not a good business . " The next challenge could be on television or in the movies , he said . Gallagher produced 14 Showtime comedy specials over 25 years . He thinks his comedy is better now than ever . He 's been on the road constantly in recent years to pay the mortgage on two Los Angeles homes , making him unavailable to develop more television specials , he said . He 's writing a cartoon movie that 's "  like a graphic novel , " but "  I just need the time to do it , " he said . The cancellation of his tour , which would have taken him to Massachusetts , Pennsylvania , Louisiana , Virginia , California and Wisconsin over the next two months , could give him that time , he said . "  I am going to stand at the end of the bar like a whore waiting to be picked up by a cowboy , " he said . He decided to stop paying the mortgages on his big homes and let the bank have them , because he was staying in hotel rooms every night anyway , he said . He expects to continue the hotel stays , without choosing one city to settle in , he said . "  I can be anywhere , " he said . The Sledge-O-Matic , which is just a large wooden mallet , is not Gallagher 's only invention . He holds the patent on software for slot machines and a solar-powered vending machine . Before show business , Gallagher earned a chemical engineering degree and served as a chief chemical engineer at a large plant , he said . Politics is another area where Gallagher claims expertise . "  I know America better than these politicians , " he said . "  I know what people laugh at . I know their vocabulary . " Actor Arnold Schwarzenegger beat Gallagher when he ran for governor in California 's recall election in 2003 . Gallagher placed 16th out of 135 candidates with about 5,000 votes . He tried out a new political joke on the CNN interviewer : "  It 's still called Capitol Hill because they never had a mountain of capital . " Gallagher fans who delighted in his wordplay while dodging pieces of watermelon that sprayed his audiences can hope that he 'll someday return to the live comedy stage . His promotional manager , Scherrer , says he just needs time to rest and recover . Until then , his tour is canceled . "  I 'll just let the dust settle , " Gallagher said .	"  I 'm sick and tired of it , " Gallagher says of constant comedy club touring He 's suffered two heart attacks at comedy clubs since last March The Sledge-O-Matic inventor will focus on TV , movies and other challenges Small club dates limits his income , he says , and offer "  no more challenge "
CNN  Real Madrid wrapped up a fantastic four titles in 2014 as they captured the Club World Cup crown , Saturday . It 's been a glittering 12 months for the Spanish giants , who had already won the European Champions League , European Super Cup and the Copa del Rey before arriving in Morocco for the intercontinental club competition . Real were pitted against South American champions San Lorenzo in the Club World Cup final . The Argentine side are relative minnows compared to Madrid 's galaxy of superstars , which includes Ballon d'Or winner Cristiano Ronaldo . At least San Lorenzo could count on the prayers of lifelong fan Pope Francis going into the showdown in Marrakesh . There was , however , to be no divine intervention for the club from Buenos Aires on a sultry winter night under Moroccan skies . Real Madrid took the lead when Sergio Ramos nodded in Toni Kroos 's corner after 37 minutes . Gareth Bale added a second goal , slotting Isco 's pass beyond San Lorenzo keeper Sebastian Torrico , after the break . San Lorenzo 's experienced midfielder Juan Mercier tested Madrid Iker Casillas with a stinging shot late on but Real strolled to their final silverware of the year with a comfortable 2-0 victory . Real Madrid are now unbeaten in 22 matches in all competitions and will return in the new year leading the Spanish league and aiming to defend their Champions League crown . Earlier , Auckland City claimed third place at the Club World Cup after defeating Mexico 's Cruz Azul 4-2 in a penalty shootout . The New Zealand club became the first Oceania team to win a medal at the tournament .	Real Madrid capture fourth title of 2014 as they triumph in the Club World Cup final South America champions San Lorenzo faced Real Madrid in Morocco showdown But Real roll out 2-0 winners over the club from Argentina Sergio Ramos and Gareth Bale score a goal in each half to seal the win
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama hosted a White House reception Monday in honor of Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender Pride Month , but faced criticism for not keeping campaign promises to the community . President Obama signed same-sex benefits legislation earlier this month . "  I continue to support measures to bring the full spectrum of equal rights to LGBT Americans , " the president said in a proclamation this month . "  These measures include enhancing hate crimes laws , supporting civil unions and federal rights for LGBT couples , outlawing discrimination in the workplace , ensuring adoption rights , and ending the existing ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' policy in a way that strengthens our armed forces and our national security . " But critics say it 's too little , too late . A memorandum signed this month by Obama means same-sex partners of civil service employees can be added to the long-term care program , employees can use their sick leave to take care of domestic partners , and children and same-sex partners of Foreign Service employees will be included in medical evacuations and housing allocations , according to the White House . But it does not extend full health care coverage , which would require an act of Congress . "  It seems to me at least to be a nice gesture , but a disappointment , " Richard Kim , a senior editor at The Nation magazine , said at the time . "  It will absolutely be seen as something good . But I think , for example , it not including full health insurance , that is going to put a real microscope on that question . You know , why not ? " Kim said , adding that memo applies only to federal employees , so most people will not be affected by it . The extension of health and retirement benefits to same-sex partners is prohibited under the Defense of Marriage Act . Family Research Council President Tony Perkins said the entire memorandum violates the act . "  President Obama 's ... executive order uses taxpayer money to placate an angry portion of his base at the expense of the rule of law , " Perkins said this month in a written statement . "  This order raises the question of whether the president has the authority to ignore  the Defense of Marriage Act  and bypass the legislative process . " Charles Moran , the spokesman for the Log Cabin Republicans , said the lack of full benefits in the June 18 memorandum shows a lack of commitment to the gay community . "  That 's the part that just shows that the Obama administration really is n't serious about their promises to the gay and lesbian community . Things like the health benefits , things like retirement benefits and coverage for spouses -- these are the core issues , " Moran said . He said Obama has had multiple opportunities to fulfill his promises to the gay and lesbian community -- including by repealing the military 's do n't ask , do n't tell policy and standing against the Justice Department motion filed this month in support of the Defense of Marriage Act . "  Here we are , several months after he 's been inaugurated , and we 've gotten basically nothing . So it is too little , too late , " Moran said . Obama said he still wants to repeal the act , as he advocated during last year 's election campaign . "  I believe it 's discriminatory . I think it interferes with states ' rights , and we will work with Congress to overturn it , " he said . Obama frequently spoke in favor of gay and lesbian rights during the presidential campaign , but also has said he opposes same-sex marriage . In the run up to his inauguration , he declared himself "  a fierce advocate for gay and lesbian Americans . " Given the support Obama received from the gay community during the campaign season , Kim said , so far the Obama administration has let gay and lesbian rights activists down . Obama got 70 percent of the vote from those who identified themselves as gay , lesbian or bisexual , according to CNN exit polls . "  I think there is an overwhelming feeling that he has not lived up to expectations on these matters , " he said . Obama is the second U.S. president to recognize the community . Bill Clinton designated June 2000 as Gay and Lesbian Pride month .	Obama stops short of giving full health care coverage to same-sex partners President 's support for gay issues does n't go far enough , some say Obama 's actions "  too little , too late , " say GOP gay leader
CNN  -- He may be a long way from the football field , but Pele at least is back to talking and getting better at a Sao Paulo , Brazil , hospital . The city 's Albert Einstein Hospital issued a statement Saturday saying the football legend -- born Edson Arantes do Nascimento -- was improving but still in intensive care battling an illness . Pele is lucid , talking and responding to antibiotics , the hospital said . He remains on temporary dialysis , which was a reason he was moved to the ICU in the first place , because the machine he needed was there . The hospital issued a second statement later Saturday , indicating that Pele continues to recover and that doctors plan to take him off dialysis early Sunday . Earlier this week , the 74-year-old was admitted to the medical facility -- the same place he recently underwent surgery to remove kidney stones -- for a urinary tract infection . The athletic icon had one kidney removed during this days as a player , his aide , Jose Fornos Rodrigues , told CNN . Pele tweeted Thursday that he was looking forward to spending the holidays with family and starting "  the new year with renewed health , with many international trips planned . " "  I am blessed to receive your love and support , " Pele said , "  and thank God this is nothing serious . " Known as "  The Black Pearl " and simply "  The King , " Pele is one of the best known names in all of sports . He burst onto the scene as a teenager , helping lead his native Brazil to the 1958 World Cup championship . Pele went on to star on two other World Cup title teams as well , in 1962 and 1970 , in addition to a breakthrough career with the Brazilian club Santos and later with the New York Cosmos of the now-defunct North American Soccer League . In 2000 , he and Argentina 's Diego Maradona were named co-Players of the Century by FIFA , the international soccer governing body . Even after retiring from football , Pele has remained in the public eye as a product pitchman , ambassador for the sport of football and advocate for Brazil 's poor , having grown up as one of them in the inland city of Tres Coracoes . CNN 's Barbara Arvanitidis and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Soccer star Pele should be taken off dialysis early Sunday , hospital says He went into hospital in Sao Paulo , Brazil , this week for a urinary tract infection The hospital says the 74-year-old is getting better as he 's being treated in the ICU Pele is a three-time World Cup champion and shared Player of the Century award
CNN  -- A commuter airliner that crashed Thursday in upstate New York , killing 50 people , underwent violent pitching and rolling seconds before impact , with passengers experiencing twice the normal force of gravity , a federal investigator said Sunday . Only a few pieces of the Continental Connection Dash 8 turboprop were recognizable after the crash . The plane 's final 800-foot fall took five seconds , Steve Chealander of the National Transportation Safety Board said . The aircraft crashed into a home in Clarence Center , New York , near Buffalo , on Thursday night , killing all 49 people aboard . A 61-year-old man in the house died also , but his wife and daughter survived . Final motions of the aircraft were so drastic that the plane 's autopilot automatically disengaged and warnings sounded , Chealander said , citing information from the plane 's flight data and cockpit voice recorders . Also , a "  stick-shaker " device , which noisily vibrates an airplane 's controls to warn the pilot of imminent stall , kicked in , he said . The flight crew of Continental Connection Flight 3407 , operated by Colgan Air , discussed "  significant " ice buildup on the aircraft 's windshield and wings before the crash , and icing has become a focus as a possible cause . Follow the plane 's path " Chealander said the plane 's de-icing system was turned on 11 minutes after the flight left Newark , New Jersey , for Buffalo , and remained on for the entire flight . He said the pilots were told before departure from Newark that there was "  light to moderate icing " in the Buffalo area but that no other pilots had reported problems with their landings at the Buffalo airport . "  It was really not a bad-weather day , and they chose to launch -LSB- from Newark -RSB- , " Chealander said of the pilot and the first officer . The plane was on autopilot during its approach to the Buffalo airport , Chealander said . As to questions about whether the autopilot should have been turned off , Chealander said using it even in bad weather situations "  is normal . " Watch Chealander discuss autopilot options " "  You 're encouraged to use the autopilot to help you with the workloads of these high intense weather situations that we fly into all the time , " he said . He said the NTSB in the past has recommended to the Federal Aviation Administration , which oversees civil aviation including commercial airlines , that in severe icing conditions , "  it might be best to disconnect autopilot so that the pilot might have a better feel " for the aircraft 's conditions . However , severe icing is "  not what we saw here , " Chealander said , adding that the FAA has no such disengagement rule in effect . "  To say that they should not have been flying on autopilot is not correct , " Chealander said . The pilots ' recorded remarks about "  significant " icing did not indicate "  severe " icing , he said . The NTSB has said problems for the 74-seat Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 occurred when the pilots lowered the landing gear and tried to set the wing flaps to slow the aircraft for landing . Offering more details , Chealander said Sunday that the plane 's nose pitched up 31 degrees , then down 45 degrees . The aircraft rolled left 46 degrees then right 105 degrees , or past the 90-degree vertical point , he said . Inside the cabin , he said , conditions went from lower than normal gravitational force to twice the normal force as the plane rocked through the sky . iReport.com : Send your photos , videos from the scene Chealander said the NTSB 's investigation of the crash site indicated that the two propellers on the turboprop aircraft were in place when the crash occurred . "  The airplane had n't lost anything prior to impact . It came down intact , " he said . Meanwhile , local authorities working to recover remains of the victims said Sunday that a federal team of more than 40 people using some $ 2.8 million worth of scientific equipment would begin on Monday to help establish positive identification of the victims . But because of the intensity of the crash and a subsequent fire , "  whether we can identify everybody or not remains to be seen , " Erie County Health Commission Anthony Billittier said . Authorities had recovered 15 bodies as of Saturday night , but Billittier announced Sunday that numbers of recovered bodies will no longer be released "  out of respect for the families . "	NTSB : People aboard experienced twice the normal gravitational force before crash Plane rolled past the vertical point before it crashed into home , NTSB official says Thursday 's crash in upstate New York killed all 49 aboard plane , one in house Plane 's de-icing system was turned on 11 minutes after takeoff , NTSB says
CNN  -- Every time her cell phone rings , Christy Harness thinks of her husband . More consumers download ringtones to their cell phones than full-length songs . The 34-year-old native of Jackson County , Georgia , set her ringtone to Sugarland 's "  All I Wan na Do , " a song that , she says , perfectly expresses the way she feels about him . "  I kind of put myself in -LSB- the singer 's -RSB- place because ... she 's in love with this guy . If he 's not around , she misses him . Basically , I think the song relates to me and -LSB- my husband -RSB- and our relationship , " Harness said . These days , ringtones do much more than alert mobile phone users of a call . Ringtones seem to have become vital fashion statements , a way for people to showcase their personalities and even their feelings about who is calling . According to a 2008 study by Ipsos MediaCT , a marketing research company , approximately one-third of mobile phone users download ringtones , and about 40 percent of users change their ringtones frequently . Ipsos research shows that ringtones are the most common type of mobile music content downloaded by users , compared to full-length songs and ringback tones , tones that replace the typical ringing signal heard by the caller . "  I find regular ringtones kind of dull , so I wanted something exciting , " said Gordy King , a 51-year-old from Salt Lake City , Utah . King said he gets a kick out of annoying his mostly Republican co-workers with his Barack Obama ringtones , even playing them over the intercom at the electrical supply warehouse where he works . "  It 's fake news people saying ` Barack Obama has won the election , ' " he said . "  I really like Barack Obama . I think -LSB- my ringtone -RSB- probably says that I 'm nonconventional and it says I lean a little more liberal . I do n't know anyone else who has that ringtone . " Using a ringtone creator application on Facebook , King said he also makes his own ringtones by downloading sound files onto his computer and editing them to be shorter and louder or softer . Donald Kaplan found a perfect fit with his ringtone choice . Kaplan , of New York , changed his ringtones often before finally settling on the theme song from "  The Good , The Bad , and The Ugly . " "  I 'm thinking of sticking with it . I notice that when people hear my phone ring they get amused ... I think that people really connect with that movie , " Kaplan said . But that 's not always the case . Kaplan said one of his co-workers was n't exactly pleased with the ringtone . The co-worker sent a mass e-mail to the office , telling everyone to keep their cell phones on silent . "  The ringtone drove him crazy and he tried to be tactful but I knew that -LSB- the e-mail -RSB- was directed specifically to me , " Kaplan said . "  I could tell that this particular ringtone just drove him up the wall ... just the repetition of the sound . " For some , one ringtone simply is n't enough . Many mobile phone users set specific tones to specific people so that the tones act as audible caller IDs . "  I group people , " said Natasha Khan , a 26-year-old from McLean , Virginia . "  I group all my best girlfriends together , the people I do n't want to talk to together , work contacts together , and family together . " Khan said when her best friends call she hears "  Girls Just Wan na Have Fun , " by Cyndi Lauper , and when she gets a call from people she does n't particularly like , her phone rings "  Bugaboo " by Destiny 's Child . "  Bugaboo , " about a woman irritated by a male caller , contains such lines as , "  It 's not hot that you be callin ' me . " "  The ` Bugaboo ' ringtone has gotten me in trouble , " Khan said with a laugh . "  This guy -- I forgot that he was on that list and I told him I needed his number and he said , ` Oh , I 'll call you ' and he realized he was on the list . " Customizing a phone with multiple ringtones can be expensive . Depending on the wireless carrier or the service plan , ringtones cost anywhere from $ 0.99 to $ 2.99 . That may not deter cell phone users . Analysts at Screen Digest , a UK-based firm covering global media markets , predicted that mobile music sales will double from $ 1.6 billion in 2008 to $ 3.2 billion in 2012 . But there are also free ways to get ringtones , like the ringtone creator application on Facebook -- one of several ringtone applications on the social-networking Web site -- that make setting ringtones all the more appealing . "  The ringtone creator was fun , " said King . "  No matter how big or little the song or sound effect ... you could select a snippet and edit it . " Many mobile phone users like to be creative and have fun with their ringtones , and their ringtone choice can reveal much about their personalities . Khan 's default ringtone , she said , is typically an upbeat dance song like her current one , "  Forever " by Chris Brown . "  I think the day can be so mundane and work can bog you down , so I like any chance I can get to get some joy , " Khan said . "  It 's just a break in the day to feel good randomly . "	Ringtones are one way for people to showcase their personalities and feelings One third of cell-phone users download ringtones ; 40 percent change ringtones often Virginia woman uses Destiny 's Child 's "  Bugaboo " as ringtone for dreaded callers Utah man customized a pro-Obama ringtone to annoy Republican co-workers
