CNN  -- A small plane with four people aboard crashed Monday in a residential neighborhood of Las Vegas , Nevada , a spokesman for the Federal Aviation Administration said . The conditions of the four passengers were not immediately known . The single-engine Piper Cherokee was unable to gain altitude after taking off from Henderson Executive Airport , just south of Las Vegas , FAA spokesman Ian Gregor told CNN . The pilot tried to return to the airport , but crashed on a street in a neighborhood about two miles northwest of Henderson , Gregor said . The plane hit a few cars upon crashing , according to Stacey Welling , a spokeswoman for Clark County . The crash occurred about 8:15 a.m.  11:15 a.m. ET  . The plane is registered to a Louisiana resident , but the identities of those aboard were not released . Investigators from the FAA and National Transportation Safety Board are expected to arrive at the scene later Monday , Gregor said .	Four people were aboard the plane ; their conditions are unknown The plane was unable to gain altitude after takeoff The FAA and NTSB are investigating the crash
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Two coalition U.S. soldiers were killed along with three Afghans , including a police official , while trying to disable a roadside bomb in southern Afghanistan Sunday , the U.S. military said . Afghan police destroy poppy fields in Helmand province . The explosion was under investigation , the military said . The soldiers were part of a convoy of coalition troops accompanying Gulab Mangal , the governor of Helmand province , to a village where he intended to talk to residents about alternatives to opium farming . The convoy came upon two bombs stacked on top of each other , said local journalist Abdul Tawab Qureshi . When the soldiers tried to disable the bombs , the second one went off , added Qureshi , saying the blast killed the police chief of the province 's Nad Ali district , Mohammed Nader ; a police officer ; and a translator . Over the years , opium and heroin -- both derivatives of the poppy -- have served as a major source of revenue for the insurgency , most notably the Taliban movement that once ruled Afghanistan . Though southern Afghanistan still provides about two-thirds of the world 's opium and heroin , poppy cultivation has dropped by 20 percent -- to the lowest level since 2006 . CNN 's Atia Abawi contributed to this report .	NEW : Five people , including 2 U.S. soldiers , killed by roadside bomb Soldiers tried to disable bombs when one exploded , journalist says Soldiers were part of a convoy accompanying governor of Helmand province
As hundreds of volunteers and police scoured parks and waterways in an area of New Orleans Tuesday , there were many questions but few answers about the disappearance 11 days ago of a 26-year-old teacher . Terrilynn Monette had been out celebrating a recent nomination for a "  Teacher of the Year " award in her district the night she vanished , her friends told CNN affiliate WWL . New Orleans police said Monette was last seen on March 2 at Parlay 's , a bar in the Lakeview area of New Orleans . One of the bartenders working that night had to "  cut off " Monette , indicating the bartender felt she had too much to drink and that she should no longer be served , the nightclub 's general manager , Anna Boudousque , said . According to police , Monette told her acquaintances she was going to sleep in her car before driving home "  due to having consumed alcoholic beverages . " She was seen talking to an unidentified man in the parking lot around 4 a.m. police said , adding that the man has been interviewed and is not now considered a suspect in the disappearance . Since then , both Monette and her 2012 black Honda Accord have vanished . Police say they have no suspects in the case and are reviewing surveillance tape from local businesses to try to track down any clues . "  We have received tips , and we are following up , " New Orleans police officer Hilal Williams said . On Sunday , Jefferson Parish sheriff 's deputies used magnets and grappling hooks to search a local bayou that would be on the way from the bar to Monette 's home but found no sign of the missing woman or her car . "  During that time  since the disappearance  , we did n't have much wet rain , so it would be kind of hard to see signs that she drove her car off the road , " Williams said . Monette 's mother , Toni Enclade , said she and her daughter speak every day , and it 's extremely uncharacteristic for Monette to drop out of sight . "  She walks in the room , she lights it up with her beautiful smile . I ca n't imagine anyone who would take her away from us , " Enclade said . Monette , originally from California , teaches second grade at Woodland West Elementary School . Principal Amy Hoyle said Monette came to the school last October and turned one of the lowest-performing classes into one that became the highest-achieving . "  She is wonderful ; she is vibrant . She is determined . She holds her students to the highest of expectations , " Hoyle said . "  She is very loving with her students . They are a family . " Enclade said her daughter 's disappearance has caused a gaping void in her life . "  No one can understand how I feel right now , " Enclade said . "  I just want my baby back . I want her home . I want her home . "	Terrilynn Monette was last seen 11 days ago at a bar in New Orleans ' Lakeview area Friends : She was celebrating "  Teacher of the Year " nomination when she vanished Principal : "  She is very loving with her students . They are a family " Mom : "  I just want my baby back . I just want her home "
CNN  -- Chelsea romped into the English FA Cup semifinal with a 5-1 beating of London rivals Tottenham Hotspur in a controversial match at Wembley Sunday . The pre-match minute 's silence to mark the anniversary of the 1989 Hillsborough disaster and Saturday 's death of Italian footballer Piermario Morosini had to be cut short due to jeers from a section of Chelsea supporters . The Blues were forced to issue an apology on its website after the match saying they were "  extremely disappointed that a very small minority of fans embarrassed the club . " When the game -- played between two teams battling to secure England 's fourth and final European Champions League place next season -- was under way the controversy continued , centering around Chelsea 's second goal . Leading 1-0 from Didier Drogba 's superb first-half strike , Chelsea went further ahead when Juan Mata 's shot hit a cluster of bodies on the Tottenham line , with TV replays indicating it had not crossed the line . But referee Martin Atkinson awarded the goal to spark frantic protests from incensed Tottenham players . They reacted with a Gareth Bale goal , but even that had a tinge of controversy , with Atkinson ignoring goalkeeper Petr Cech 's foul on striker Emmanuel Adebayor , which could have led to a red card , to play the advantage for the Welshman to score . Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp said Atkinson later apologized . "  I spoke to him . He says he feels worse than I do . I said : ' I do n't think so , ' " Redknapp told reporters . "  He knows he 's made a mistake and he says he 'll have a bad week as well . " Chelsea responded with a superb third goal by Ramires before fellow midfielder Frank Lampard put the outcome beyond doubt with a long-range free-kick which wrong-footed Carlo Cudicini in the Tottenham goal . Florent Malouda scored the fifth as a dispirited Tottenham continued to make defensive errors , putting Chelsea into the final against Liverpool next month and boosting the team ahead of Wednesday 's Champions League semifinal first leg against Barcelona . Liverpool beat archrivals Everton 2-1 in Saturday 's semifinal at Wembley . The match was played a day before the anniversary of the April 14 , 1989 tragedy that saw 96 Liverpool fans crushed to death during an FA Cup semifinal against Nottingham Forest at Hillsborough Stadium in Sheffield -- one of the worst disasters in football history . Meanwhile in the Scottish Cup , Celtic 's double hopes were ended by a 2-1 defeat to Hearts . The winner from Hearts also proved controversial with Celtic manager Neil Lennon confronting referee Euan Norris at the end of the match . With the scores 1-1 , Norris awarded Hearts a penalty when a Marius Zaliukas shot struck Joe Ledley on the arm . Craig Beattie scored from the spot before Celtic were denied a penalty in stoppage time when Andy Webster appeared to handle in the box . Hearts will play Edinburgh rivals Hibernian in the final .	Chelsea into FA Cup final with 5-1 win over Tottenham Hotspur Blues ' second goal sparks new debate about goalline technology Chelsea apologize for fans who did not observe minute 's silence London club to play Liverpool in FA Cup final next month
CNN  -- Urban exploration is an edgy pastime . But give it a Japanese name and this underground community , known for seeking out derelict and often inaccessible environments , sounds even more hardcore . Haikyo is the Japanese word for ruins and is the term used to describe urban exploration  "  urbex "  , a growing trend for people to track down and often photograph society 's crumbling edifices . Urbex in Japan plays out in much the same way it does in the rest of the world -- explorers are recreational trespassers who seek out abandoned , man-made structures , where they have a good poke around as they soak up the atmosphere . There are few hard and fast rules aside from the oft-quoted mantra -- "  Take nothing but photographs , leave only footprints " -- but there are a few aspects that are unique to urban exploration in Japan . Among these , abandoned amusement parks and sex museums . German Florian Seidel , a translator , has lived in Japan more than seven years and been a dedicated urbexer for almost five . He says he 's seen the hobby take off in Japan since he started . Although there are no official numbers -- urbexers tend to be a low key , scattered community not least of all because of the potentially illegal aspects of the business , such as trespassing -- he says the number of urbex blogs has exploded from a dozen when he started to about 100 today , most of which are in Japanese . "  There are tons of abandoned places in Japan , the problem is you have to find them , " says Seidel . That 's the part he most enjoys . He 's proud of the fact that more than 90 % of the places on his site , Abandonedkansai.com , he has researched and found himself . As with most urbexers , he does n't give away exact locations , largely because he does n't want to see them overrun . ` Very , very weird ' The detective work does n't end when he 's found and explored a site . Seidel likes to find out about the history of place . Take those abandoned sex museums -- there are two in Japan , both of which have been deserted for more than 10 years . "  In the 1960s , Europe had the sexual revolution , but that did n't happen in Japan -- they had sex museums , especially in onsen -LSB- hot spring -RSB- towns , " says Seidel . "  There were 20 to 30 sex museums all over Japan , pretty much one in every prefecture . Most of them closed from the beginning of the 1990s -- I guess the Internet killed them . " Seidel has visited two abandoned Japanese sex museums and although both have clearly been picked over and pilfered from , enough remains to make it clear what they were all about . The one in Hokkaido he remembers best for the bizarre shooting games and taxidermy animals in sexual positions -- horses and monkeys . "  You could say it was partly educational and very , very weird , " says Seidel . The other museum , in southern Japan , is filled with crumbling erotic statues and sculptures and an eerie naked mannequin in a white casket , her mutated nipples pointing in all directions . He found old advertising pamphlets that boasted of wax dolls of Marilyn Monroe and a 1970s erotic star , but these were long gone when he visited . Other amusements The current hot haikyo site is an abandoned amusement park , Nara Dreamland , says Seidel . It 's so popular that a security guard has been posted at the gate to try and keep out the curious . "  Technically , if there 's a security guard there it 's not abandoned , but it makes it onto all the lists and blogs , " says Seidel . Nara Dreamland , built in 1961 and closed in 2006 , does make for dramatic images -- the abandoned , rusting rollercoaster set amid the desolate ruins of the theme park . If you 're after atmosphere , it 's got plenty . But what about the danger factor ? "  I 'm a conservative explorer , I 've never been injured , but it 's definitely dangerous , " says Seidel . "  There are all sorts of rusty things where you could get tetanus , there 's barbed wire and some military areas could still have ammunition -- a mine could go off . " For a sample of Seidel 's haikyo images , you can check out the above gallery or visit his site , Abandonedkansai.com .	Around the world , urban explorers hunt down and often photograph society 's crumbling edifices In Japan , urban exploration is referred to as "  haikyo , " the Japanese word for "  ruins " Japan-based Florian Seidel documents his derelict findings on his blog , Abandonedkansai.com
CNN  -- The big hardware unveil at Monday 's Apple press event was the new Mac Pro , a sleek cylindrical desktop computer and the most powerful machine Apple has ever built . It was the announcement that prompted Apple executive Phil Schiller to exclaim , "  Ca n't innovate anymore , my ass . " It also costs thousands of dollars and is way more machine than most people will ever need . The Mac Pro is aimed at a narrow market of professionals such as photographers , videographers , designers and animators . Since the line was first announced in 2006 , the Pro has received relatively few upgrades compared to the rest of Apple 's product line . The company has been busy focusing on its hit consumer and mobile devices , leaving many professionals wondering if they were being left behind . For people using the desktop computers in their businesses , the external look of a Mac is often secondary . So periodic internal improvements to the old tower design were enough to keep them satiated . Others had already abandoned the Pro line as the iMac and MacBook Pro became powerful enough to meet their photo - and video-production needs . For the remaining power users , reaction to the new Mac Pro is mixed . And the future of the computer , which is 2.5 times faster than the current model , is still unclear . CNNMoney : Apple 's ultimate Mac is bizarre and beautiful First things first : The new Pro is a design marvel compared to its clunky predecessor -- a sleek , black cylinder that bears little resemblance to computers as we 've traditionally imagined them . It 's smaller and can not be expanded and customized as much as the previous system . Apple has built a machine so unique that people who want to add to it will end up building out , adding components like hard drives and PCI cards externally . To make that expansion possible , the industry must first embrace the Thunderbolt input-output standard . For example , it 's no longer possible to pop in standard video cards . Mac Pro users will have to either get cards that fit the custom shape of the new computer or plug them into the computer using a Thunderbolt 2 connection . "  It 's either going to change the way computers are built , or it will fall by the wayside , " said Tony Welch , the creative services director at the Beyond Pix production studio . Welch is excited about the new product and hopes to upgrade his studio 's systems , but he hopes Apple 's "  risky " bet to depend heavily on Thunderbolt for expansion pushes the companies that make hard drives , PCI cards and other peripherals to support the connection technology . But Chris Layhe of CLAi , a San Francisco post-production studio , is less impressed . "  Basically , it 's two Mac Minis tied together in a cylinder , " he said . "  It 's a load of rubbish . The things that we need in the film and video business , everything 's dependent on cards . " Apple adding "  kill switch " to iPhones Users of the new Mac Pro may want to stray outside Apple 's closed system . Layhe , who has been shooting and editing film for 28 years , has seven Macs at his company . He is in the process of building a "  hackintosh " -- a custom PC that uses the same cards and boards found in a Mac that can run Mac software , but has more USB slots and can take additional cards . These unofficial systems can cost as little as $ 1,500 to build . "  We do n't want to switch to PC because a lot of the software we use is Mac only , and we 've been Mac users for a long , long time , " said Layhe , adding that all his backups and stored video are Mac compatible . Launched in 2006 , the Mac Pro is one of Apple 's priciest products , starting at $ 2,499 for the most basic setup . Many creatives who need to squeeze the maximum amount of power out of their machines get custom Mac Pro configurations , which can go as high as $ 12,000 , not including monitors or accessories . A price has n't been announced for the new Mac Pro . Monday 's unveiling was just an early preview , and the computer wo n't be available until later this year . Pro users are a small part of Apple 's business . Only 19 % of the company 's revenue in the first quarter of this year came from Macs . That 's just shy of the 21 % it made selling iPads and a far cry from the 49 % it made on the iPhone . When Mac Pros were struggling , it was creatives who gave the brand some of its respectability and a cool factor . For now , they are enjoying a rare bit of attention from Apple and hoping for the best . "  We 're all glad that they came out with a Pro tower at all , " Welch said . "  I think we were all fearful that they would abandon the pro community . " Apple arrives  late ?  to music streaming	Apple previewed its new Mac Pro desktop computer on Monday The new design is striking but offers fewer options for expansion For creatives to switch to the machine , third-party companies must embrace Thunderbolt The Mac Pro is one of Apple 's priciest products , starting at $ 2,499 for the most basic setup
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The Palestinian maker of a film nominated for an Oscar was briefly detained by U.S. officials who questioned the validity of his Academy Awards invitation as he and his family arrived in Los Angeles for this weekend 's event , his publicist told CNN on Wednesday . The brief detention of Emad Burnat , a West Bank farmer who spent five years making his "  5 Broken Cameras " home video in his village of Bil ` in , was quickly criticized by fellow documentary filmmaker Michael Moore , whom Burnat had contacted for help while being questioned at Los Angeles International Airport . U.S. authorities also placed Burnat 's wife and 8-year-old son , Gibreel , in a holding area at the airport Tuesday night , Moore said on his Twitter account . "  Apparently the Immigration & Customs officers could n't understand how a Palestinian could be an Oscar nominee . Emad texted me for help , " Moore tweeted . "  After 1.5 hrs , they decided to release him & his family & told him he could stay in LA for the week & go to the Oscars . Welcome to America . " 2013 Oscars : Get to know the best actor nominees Julia Pacetti , Burnat 's publicist , told CNN that Burnat e-mailed her and Moore about how "  immigration authorities were telling him he needed to give them a reason for his visit . "  He asked me to send his invitation to the Oscars . But before I did , immigration authorities released him . It was a short-lived situation , " Pacetti said . Burnat told Moore that "  It 's nothing I 'm not already used to " and "  When u live under occupation , with no rights , this is a daily occurrence , " Moore wrote on his Twitter account . U.S. Customs and Border Protection said it was prohibited from discussing specific cases . In a statement , the agency said it strives to treat travelers with respect . "  Travelers may be referred for further inspection for a variety of reasons to include identity verification , intent of travel , and confirmation of admissibility , " it said . In an interview with CNN late Wednesday , Burnat said the experience reminded him of the more than 500 Israeli checkpoints and roadblocks in the West Bank . "  The negative media and the government propaganda that they show the Palestinians as terrorists , as not human , a bad face -- this is not true and this is not real and this is what makes life difficult for Palestinians , " Burnat said . "  It is very important for me to be attending the Oscars because this is the first time a Palestinian documentary has been nominated for the Oscars , " he said . The title "  5 Broken Cameras " refers to the damage to the filmmaker 's equipment while documenting local resistance to encroaching Israeli settlements and the construction of an Israeli wall separating farmers from their lands and olive groves . Burnat was the only cameraman in the village , sometimes recording violent events . He was jailed and put under house arrest in 2006 "  after which , his cameras were broken , " the film 's website says . Are you cramming for Oscar Sunday ? The film is told from a Palestinian perspective , though it is co-directed by Burnat 's Israeli friend Guy Davidi , a filmmaker and peace activist . In the documentary , Burnat captured how the ongoing conflict influenced the life of his son , Gibreel . Burnat recorded some of his boy 's first words : army , cartridge and the Arabic word for the security fence separating Israel and the West Bank . "  Our kids grow up like this , in this situation . So they open their eyes and they are facing the soldiers around the houses , in the streets . And they talk about the army and the soldiers , " Burnat told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . In a recent interview with CNN in the West Bank , Burnat said his son has lost much of his innocence . Speaking in Arabic , Gibreel remarked to CNN 's Sara Sidner about the nomination : "  The Oscar ... half should go to us and half to the Palestinian people . " Davidi said he knew his work with Burnat would be criticized . "  The minute we decided the film was going to be Emad as the main character , " Davidi said , "  then , it was much more comfortable for me , as an Israeli , to work with Emad , because I 'm helping him shape his voice and not interfering with my own voice . " Oscars snubs then and now CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed from Los Angeles . Carolyn Sung also contributed .	NEW : Federal agency explains general policy "  Propaganda that they show the Palestinians as terrorists " is "  not real , " filmmaker says Emad Burnat is nominated for "  5 Broken Cameras , " a documentary about West Bank He and his family are eventually released , the publicist says
RS.com  -- The members of OutKast will reportedly end their hiatus next year at Coachella , according to Billboard . The magazine 's sources claim the festival , which kicks off on April 11 , would be the start of several reunion appearances that would run throughout the year . Billboard 's sources say there have been "  some conversations " between Big Boi and Andre 3000 , while another says it 's "  all systems go . " Reps for OutKast did not immediately respond to Rolling Stone for comment . See where Outkast 's ` Stankonia ' ranks on our list of the 500 greatest albums of all time The duo has largely been inactive since the 2006 release of "  Idlewild . " Since then , Big Boi has put out two solo albums -- 2010 's "  Sir Lucious Left Foot : The Son of Chico Dusty " and 2012 's "  Vicious Lies and Dangerous Rumors " -- while Andre 3000 contributed to singles by other artists and recently portrayed Jimi Hendrix in the biopic "  All Is By My Side . " Earlier this year , Andre 3000 and Big Boi appeared together on a remix of Frank Ocean 's "  Pink Matter , " as well as a remix of T.I. 's "  Sorry . " But Andre was quick to dispel any inclination that it was an Outkast reunion . The 10 best revelations from Big Boi 's Reddit AMA "  I never want to mislead our audience -- I worried that some would think these were Outkast collaborations , " he said . "  These songs are not Outkast collaborations . I discussed this rationale with Big , Frank and T.I. and everyone agreed . That is why I was surprised to read about these remixes . " Around that same time , Big Boi tweeted with regard to Ocean 's album , "  Dre did n't want an Outkast Record Coming out on anybody else LP . " Andre 3000 on new music : ` Things are up in the air ' When Rolling Stone spoke with Andre late last year and asked him about an OutKast reunion , he skirted the issue . As for his own music , he said , "  Things are kind of up in the air with me , and some days , I feel like yeah , I 'll do it . Some days , I feel like , I do n't . I do n't know the future of music right now . I have no idea what I do . I honestly do n't . " See the original story at RS.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Reports suggest that OutKast will end their hiatus next year Sources told Billboard that Coachella will be the start of several reunion appearances Reps for OutKast did not immediately respond to Rolling Stone for comment
CNN  -- It 's not too late to give your mother an unforgettable gift for Mother 's Day ... and you can do it all online . When you were a child , your mother probably cherished crayon pictures and construction paper flowers . But now that you are all grown up , store-bought flowers and candy may not fully express your adult gratefulness . Here at Team CNN Impact we want you to capture the love for your mom in a way that also gives something back . You can truly make an impact for your mother and moms everywhere . A GOAT FOR MOTHER 'S DAY Nothing says love like livestock . Maybe that 's not how the saying goes but in some developing countries , a goat can change a mother 's life by providing her children with milk , cheese and yogurt . Goats can also provide income with offspring and dairy products to sell . Through World Vision , you can buy a goat for $ 100 and your mom gets a little stuffed "  Gertie the Goat " and a card . You 're not bringing home an actual goat for Mother 's day but you may actually impress your mom by being so caring to other moms . You will definitely be her favorite after a gift like this . THE GIFT OF A HEALTHY BIRTH Your birth probably went pretty well or if it did n't , at least you 're all grown up now , thanks to your mom . But some mothers around the world need a little help . The International Rescue Committee has a Mother 's Day gift catalog with offerings like a safe delivery . For $ 24 , you can give a mother in need critical supplies and an IRC-trained midwife to make childbirth safer . You can also provide a mother-to-be in places like Jordan or Lebanon the medical support she needs to keep herself and her baby healthy . A gift of prenatal and maternal care for just $ 52 can save many mothers and babies . LEND AN EAR TO A MOM This is the gift that YOU can keep giving all year . Contact USA is a network of crisis intervention centers across the country . It 's a phone hotline or online chat staffed by volunteers who go through a training program . The volunteers are just a phone call away for anyone who is depressed , despairing or contemplating suicide . According to Contact USA , the hotline is popular with moms who have older children . If you were a tough teenager or you did n't leave home until your were in your 30s , it 's payback time . Dedicate your volunteer time on the hotline to your Mom . She will be so proud . HELP MOM STEP UP TO GET HEALTHIER Hopefully your mom wo n't take this the wrong way , but get her a fitbit . Tell her you want her to be healthy , get in her 10,000 steps a day and help other moms stay healthy , too . In the month of May you can order your mother a Red Flex Fitbit from from fitbit.com and $ 10 goes to to the American Heart Association 's "  Go Red for Women " campaign . All orders come with a Mother 's Day card telling recipients their gift is coming soon . Heart disease is the number one killer of women and you can get your mom in step to beat it ! MAKE AN IMPACT FOR ALL GIRLS AND WOMEN The news of the kidnapped schoolgirls in Nigeria has inspired even the First Mom to take a stand for girls education . #BringBackOurGirls is motivating people everywhere to take a stand . The CNN film "  Girl Rising " aired last year , but it has inspired a way you can take action on behalf of your mother for Nigerian girls . The "  Girl Rising " Nigerian Action Pack has tangible ways you can help right now . Chances are your mom grew up in a time when she was expected to get married and have kids , to have you . Now women and girls have many more options , but not everywhere . Not even now . For your mother and for women everywhere , make an impact this Mother 's Day and go to CNN.com / impact .	It 's not too late to make Mom happy and makes a difference for Mothers everywhere A goat or a healthy birth are symbolic presents to make your Mom 's day Volunteer to lend an ear and let a Mom vent about her kids or help her get in step to get healthy To make an impact for all women and girls everyday go to CNN.com / impact
CNN  -- "  I could have stayed home and baked cookies and had teas , but what I decided to do was fulfill my profession , " Hillary Clinton famously snapped on the campaign trail two decades ago Friday . Mostly , we remember the comment as a moment in the perpetual mommy wars , but I tend to think about it as a moment in the history of chocolate chip cookies . Capitalizing on the political gaffe , Family Circle challenged Clinton to a bake-off , and she obliged , providing an oatmeal chocolate chip cookie recipe that handily defeated Barbara Bush 's variant .  You can still find it winning rave reviews online .  Home-baked cookies struck at the heart of what we thought mothering was all about . It 's still true today , but we have given it new meaning . In 1992 , Clinton 's comment drew scorching responses from at-home mothers and cheers from fellow working moms . Such polarized reactions should be set in the context of Clinton 's own life . Among the few women in her Yale Law School class , Clinton fought hard for professional success . Her remark was not merely a political misstep , but a generational declaration : a reflection of gut-level struggles women had made for workplace opportunity , even as mothers . Yet , the long reach of what was , after all , an offhand remark touches on something deeper than a mere episode in the nation 's contrived reality show , "  Mom v. Mom . " Through the twists and turns of that cookie-baking scandal , we experienced the birthing pains of the working family . An idealized image of mothering stays powerfully with us : children arriving home from school , met at the door with warm chocolate chip cookies and a motherly embrace . That image evokes devotion , time and , most importantly , love . It is middle-class parenting unstressed by the demands of labor , whether paid or unpaid  the pans and trays awaiting washing are generally conveniently left out of the picture  . What was true 20 years ago is still true today : Many of us struggle with profound ambivalence about the demands that mothers ' paid labor make on that idealized possibility . We long to care without pressure . The still distinct memory of Clinton 's unsavvy comment speaks to a deep-seated cultural experience of loss . With more than two-thirds of mothers in the labor force today , few families are immune to negotiating child care and paid work . The plate of chocolate chip cookies embodies our desire for parenting and family space free of the demands of our paid jobs . Still , there are signs of change . "  Working family " was a term newly in use when Clinton made her famous comment , but working mothers have been , however messily and tentatively , forging a new model of parenting and laboring since that time . Parents ' priorities have changed , but not at the expense of their kids . Recent studies of time use by sociologists at the University of Maryland show employed mothers spending as much time in primary child care as nonemployed mothers in 1975 . Working-family mothers live with messier houses but report higher levels of enjoyment in their children 's company than three decades ago . Today 's working mother may be mixing up fewer batches of cookies , but when she does , she 's often baking with the kids -- the activity not so much abandoned , as reserved for moments that matter to parent and child . This new pragmatism does n't mean there 's no lingering guilt . The middle-class parents who still suffer most , I suspect , from cookie angst could learn from working-class women who have long seen good parenting in providing . Devotion to children can come in the form of earning what it takes to put treats on the table . And they would do well to listen to another first lady , Michelle Obama , who as a black woman is well schooled in the multiple roles that black women , whether middle class or poor , have long fulfilled . Black mothers historically have believed they are dedicated mothers , even while earning money for their families . No one assumed that Obama , in her lawyer days before the White House , devoted herself to cookie making , but we knew she was a good mother . Although it has not been as widely reported about as her gardens , Obama has been a voice for working families in the White House , speaking regularly on behalf of work-life initiatives . True , her shortbread cookies lost to Cindy McCain 's oatmeal-butterscotch in Family Circle 's 2008 bake-off . But more telling was that Working Mother magazine named her one of the country 's most powerful working moms in 2011 . I have always been embarrassed by Clinton 's cookies . They seemed like a capitulation to politics seeking to turn back the clock on women 's roles . But I have begun to think that I should n't be . Twenty years ago Friday , that first lady campaigner made a divisive declaration on working motherhood . Perhaps we should see Clinton 's successful decades in the public limelight since as a lesson in the new pragmatism . Like Clinton , we can have our cookies , and careers , too . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kirsten Swinth .	Kirsten Swinth : Hillary Clinton 's "  cookie-baking " remark stung women 20 years ago Swinth : In hindsight , it spoke to women 's struggles balancing home and the workplace She says controversy reflected emerging trend that is common now : the working family Swinth : Cookie comment was seen as divisive but should have been seen as pragmatic
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  A siege that started with gunmen detonating a bomb and spraying bullets in a hotel in Somalia ended Saturday with at least 20 people dead , authorities said . Among the dead was a Somali-American woman , Fahia Bashir Nur , 45 , of Alexandria , Virginia , according to her uncle , Yusuf Kheire . He said Nur and her mother were dining in the hotel when the attack began . The mother lost an arm in the attack and was hospitalized . The attack , which lasted hours , began when gunmen raided the hotel in Mogadishu on Friday evening . Yusuf Mohamed Ismail Bari-Bari , Somalia 's permanent representative to the United Nations in Geneva , Switzerland , was among those killed in the attack , the Somali government said . "  He will be remembered for his strong personal commitment to protecting and promoting human rights for all , " Nicholas Kay , special representative of the United Nations Secretary-General to Somalia , said of Bari-Bari . Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility . The attack started about 5 p.m. local time when a car bomb exploded at the hotel 's entrance , according to witness Aden Hussein , who said he was nearby when the blast happened . Gunmen then stormed into the hotel and opened fire , Hussein said . They overpowered the hotel 's security guards , said police Capt. Ahmed Abdi , adding that the gunbattle between Somali special forces and the attackers lasted at least 17 hours . One of the attackers , who was wearing a belt with explosives , blew himself up inside the hotel , police Capt. Ahmed Abdi said . Some members of the terror group "  stormed into the first , second and third floors of the hotel where rooms are located and held several people hostage , " according to a statement from the African Union Commission in Somalia , a peacekeeping mission . The Makka Al Mukarama hotel , located along a highway leading to the country 's presidential palace , is popular with lawmakers , journalists , business people and Somalis returning home from abroad . Somali President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud condemned the attack as a "  heinous and inhuman act " in an interview with state-run Radio Mogadishu during an official visit to Egypt . In a statement , Somali Prime Minister Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke said Al-Shabaab 's "  talk of ` legitimate targets ' and ` justification ' " exposes "  the sham logic behind their lust for terror . " "  These terrorists contradict Islam and betray Somalia , " he said . The injured , along with the bodies of the dead , could not be removed from the hotel until after the hours-long gunfight . More than 10 people , most of them Kenyan nationals who worked at the hotel , were rescued , police said . Al-Shabaab said it targeted the hotel because its guests are spies and government officials . The terror group has been active in Somalia for years . Initially , its goal was implementing a stricter form of Islamic law , or Sharia , by warring against the Somali government . It has since shifted its focus to launching terror attacks in Somalia and beyond . "  We reiterate again that there will be no safe haven for the crusaders and apostates in Somalia , and that our attacks on them will continue until the enemy of Allah  is  defeated and his law is implemented fully in Somalia , " the group said in a statement . CNN 's Faith Karimi wrote from Atlanta , and Journalist Omar Nor reported from Mogadishu . CNN 's Ray Sanchez , Merieme Arif and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Somali-American Fahia Bashir Nur of Virginia was killed in the attack , her uncle says Witness : Attackers detonate a car bomb , then shoot people inside hotel The hotel is popular with lawmakers , journalists and business people
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN/In Session  -- The former wife of a man accused of kidnapping their daughter told a jury Monday about the unraveling of her 12-year marriage to a man she thought was a member of the moneyed Rockefeller family . Sandra Boss testifies about the 12 years she spent with a man she thought was one of the Rockefellers . Financial consultant Sandra Lynn Boss , 42 , was stone-faced and repeatedly referred to her former husband as "  the defendant " as she took the witness stand Monday at his kidnapping trial . She now lives in London , England , with the girl , Reigh , who just turned 8 . Her former husband , German-born Christian Karl Gerhartsreiter , 48 , is accused of kidnapping their daughter in July , and taking the child to Baltimore , Maryland , where he 'd bought a townhouse near the harbor . His trial began last week in Boston , Massachusetts . Gerhartsreiter is charged with the kidnapping of a minor by a relative , assault and battery , assault with a dangerous weapon and furnishing a false name to a law enforcement officer . His defense attorneys told jurors they will present evidence that Gerhartsreiter was mentally ill . As she began the narrative of their whirlwind romance and 12-year marriage , Boss described how she was charmed by a handsome stranger she knew as Clark Rockefeller , who was host of a party based on the mystery game Clue . Boss testified that she came to the party dressed as the character "  Miss Scarlet " and fell for him immediately during the summer of 1993 , when she was a student at Harvard 's business school . "  I thought he was very attractive , " she testified . "  He was very well dressed , very fit . I thought he was very polite and could talk about anything , and also very charming . " She told jurors that the man she married in 1995 told her he grew up in a townhouse on Manhattan 's prestigious Sutton Place , that he had suffered amnesia and could n't speak after falling down a flight of stairs as a child , and that his parents had been killed in an accident when he was in college . He also said he attended Yale University under an early admissions program when he was 14 and helped foreign governments renegotiate their debt . She believed it , she said , because "  he was one of the most intelligent people " she 'd met . Boss said he proposed to her during the spring of 1994 , during a trip to Maine . They were married in a Quaker ceremony on Nantucket soon after she graduated from business school . Only eight people attended -- and not a single Rockefeller . Her new husband explained that he 'd had a falling out with his family . The newlyweds set up housekeeping in New York . During the early days of their marriage , she said , her husband was very supportive , but his demeanor soon changed . He became possessive and controlling , she said . Later , he "  began to show temper , " she said . "  He wanted to walk me to and from work every day . He began to be less supportive of my seeing my friends , " she said . His criticism of her friends left her confused and in tears , she said . By early 1996 , she said , "  It became a very stressful relationship from my point of view . " The couple moved to Nantucket , then to Woodstock , Vermont , then back to Nantucket before buying a house in Cornish , New Hampshire . The marriage did not improve . By the summer of 2000 , Boss said she was considering a separation . She spent more time in New York away from her husband , but he wooed her back . In September , Boss learned she was pregnant and vowed to work at the marriage for the sake of their child . Their daughter , Reigh , was born in May 2001 . After hiring two nannies , Gerhartsreiter said he could do a better job and became the primary caretaker . In September 2004 , Boss transferred to her company 's Boston office to cut her commute time so she could spend more time with Reigh . The marriage ultimately fell apart and the couple separated in January 2007 . Boss had always been the sole income earner and said she began to doubt that her husband was really a Rockefeller . She said she hired a private investigator who came up with little information about "  Clark Rockefeller . " Shortly after that revelation , Gerhartsreiter agreed to give Boss full custody of Reigh . He received $ 800,000 , two cars and her engagement ring . Boss and Reigh moved to London in late December 2007 . Gerhartsreiter did not respond to e-mails or calls from his daughter , Boss said , and never initiated contact with her during the first six months after she and her mother moved to London . On July 27 , 2008 -- during the first of three annual supervised visits in Boston -- Gerhartsreiter allegedly abducted his daughter , nicknamed "  Snooks . " Boss described reuniting with the child at the FBI field office in Baltimore after Gerhartsreiter 's arrest a week later . She said Reigh had lost weight and "  seemed younger . " Boss returns to the stand on Tuesday , when she will undergo cross-examination .	Ex-wife testifies at kidnapping trial of Rockefeller impostor Sandra Boss says she was romanced by handsome stranger Later , she says , he became controlling and short-tempered Impostor is accused of kidnapping his daughter in July
CNN  -- With the selection of Cardinal Jorge Maria Bergoglio , who will be known as Pope Francis , the cardinals have sent a signal to the Church about how Catholics should live in the world . Bergoglio is known to be a good administrator . But he lives very simply in a small apartment and rides a bus . He 's well known for his engagement in issues of social justice and in defense of the poor . Indeed , the very name Francis honors St. Francis of Assisi , a person of humility and deep caring . If he is anything like his namesake then this selection is good news indeed . And now that he has been named pope , Francis will face a raft of advice . Some will call for improved administration , finding a way to draw new Catholics into the church where it is in decline , and increasing engagement with other faith traditions . Opinion : The biggest moment in the world Other pundits were thinking in grand terms . Among the progressives , some believe the church should adopt a bold revolution , with new acceptance of women priests , homosexuality , etc. . The Cubs have a greater chance of winning a World Series . Change on controversial issues , if it happens at all , will be slow and incremental , since the church is bound by the requirements of tradition and precedent . From the traditional side of Catholicism , expressed in a Wall Street Journal column by George Weigel , hope was for a pope who will be "  a charismatic , missionary culture warrior , challenging the world 's democracies to rebuild their moral foundations . " The problem here is that in the United States many of the troops are not following the generals . For example , 90 % of Catholics are using contraception and 82 % think it is morally permissible . Moreover , many American Catholics are more devoted to liberal and conservative political positions than the teachings of the church . This poses a serious problem . The church has conservative positions on human sexuality , bioethics , etc. , but liberal positions on issues such as economic regulation , the death penalty and immigration . A church divided against itself seems unlikely to renew our political or cultural structures . News : Cardinals elect first pope from Latin America So , in lieu of grand but seemingly unworkable schemes , I would suggest a much more modest but doable set of proposals to address a spiritual crisis of declining confidence in the institutional church . In a recent Pew Foundation survey of Catholics in the United States , almost half listed the issues needing to be addressed in the church as the priest sex abuse scandal and a loss of trust . What can the church do to resolve the trust problem ? Why not begin a transparency and empowerment offensive ? Transparency could be improved by placing in the Vatican Catholic lay experts in charge of the priest abuse investigations . Trust will not be restored by clerics investigating and judging clerics . We end up with Cardinal Bernard Law , who moved and protected pedophile priests , being granted a position of honor in Rome . These kinds of decisions have seriously eroded trust in the pews . In the United States , the Catholic Church finally awakened and began a process of lay review . A female judge and lay investigators restored a degree of trust . Bring this model to Rome . Opinion : Pope Francis , humble , authentic and credible Eliminating the Vatican Bank , a source of scandals for many decades , would increase transparency and institutional focus . The church is better with the deposit of faith than the faith of deposits . Turn the funds over to reliable banks subject to international regulatory requirements . Resolving these transparency issues is based in part on empowering the laity for a greater role . And there are other empowerment possibilities . The church could allow more flexibility to local bishops and parishes , who can respond creatively to local conditions . In a global church , this will assist effective evangelization . And why not have women deacons ? This would add more personnel for critical church functions in locations without sufficient priests . It would ensure greater access to the sacraments and bring an often-alienated constituency into a critical role offering new gifts to the administration of the church . Another role for women could be an advisory board to the pontiff on the role of women and women 's issues in the church . These proposals for transparency and empowerment are realistic ways to restore faith , hope and charity in the administration of the church . They would allow the church to pursue its spiritual mission more effectively and more fully use the gifts of its female members . These proposals can succeed because they will not require a radical change in theology , tradition or canon law . They require no major shift in doctrine . I have one final suggestion to restore hope and trust . The church , starting with the example of Pope Francis , must embody the virtue of humility . It must listen as well as preach . Consider also the example of Cardinal Luis Antonio Tagle of the Philippines , who does not own a car and eats with workers . His words match his humble lifestyle . He has said , "  You  may be saying the right things but people will not listen if the manner by which you communicate reminds them of a triumphalistic , know-it-all institution . " Amen . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Phillip M. Thomson .	Phillip Thompson : The new pope will be getting much advice He says the pope should build trust , introduce new transparency on range of issues He says put lay experts in charge of sex abuse probe , eliminate Vatican Bank Thompson : Church should empower laity , especially women , and restore faith , hope
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- India accorded a red-carpet welcome Tuesday to the top leader of Myanmar 's military junta , who is on a five-day visit aimed at strengthening diplomatic and economic ties between the neighboring countries . Gen. Than Shwe received a ceremonial reception in the sandstone presidential palace in New Delhi before he drove down to the shrine to India 's independence leader , Mahatma Gandhi , to pay homage . Indian President Pratibha Devisingh Patil , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , members of his cabinet and several top bureaucrats greeted the junta leader as a state guest . The military ruler 's trip underscored the close relationship between the two nations -- one seen as one of the world 's most vibrant democracies , and another despised by the West as a repressive regime . In 1951 , the two countries signed what they called a "  treaty of friendship , " and over the past few years , bilateral trade has soared to almost $ 1 billion , according to Indian officials . Several Indian companies have invested in Myanmar 's energy sector . And India 's main space agency has helped set up a data-processing center in Yangon for remote-sensing applications , authorities in New Delhi say . Than Shwe 's visit began on Sunday with a tour of sacred Buddhist sites in eastern India . It came days after U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urged India and other countries in the region to push Myanmar , formerly known as Burma , to comply with U.N. human rights resolutions and nuclear nonproliferation agreements . "  It is critical that Burma hear from you , its neighbors , " she said in a speech at the Association of Southeast Asian Nations meeting . Clinton described life in Myanmar as "  dangerous " for the country 's inhabitants and called upon other nations to push for democratic reforms there . "  We would encourage India and other countries to send a clear message to Burma that it needs to change its course , " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said last week . The Myanmar general 's itinerary also includes tours of India 's information-technology hub in Hyderabad and the industrial center of Jamshedpur . His visit is the second by a top junta administrator in a year .	India and Myanmar have long had a close relationship The leader of Myanmar 's military junta is on a five-day visit The United States wants India and its neighbors to push Myanmar for reforms
CNN  -- Gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender people around the world -- and many of their allies -- are protesting the Winter Olympics in Sochi because of Russia 's anti-gay law , which basically criminalizes pro-gay speech or propaganda . As a lesbian , and yes , one who has been known from time to time to propagandize  i.e. , write and talk  about how gay people are equal in every sense imaginable to straight folks -- and should be treated as such -- I feel the Russian law is unthinkably inhumane and offensive . And as far as I 'm concerned , it 's a reason to boycott the Sochi games and ostracize Russia on the world stage in general . And so you can imagine my surprise in discovering that the Sochi Games have featured moments filled with gay symbolism . And we 're only a few days in . 5 . The pretend lesbians who sang and held hands at Opening Ceremony The Russian band t.A.T.u. made waves several years ago when they skyrocketed to fame as a young-Russian-lesbians-in-love pop duo followed by the revelation that the stars of the band were actually heterosexual and merely staged the gay thing to get attention . Nonetheless , t.A.T.u. 's Yulia Volkova and Lena Katina achieved pseudo-gay icon status in Russia and beyond . So it was a big deal when they performed at the Sochi opening ceremony and held hands , hopefully a subtle form of protest causing Russian President Vladimir Putin to clutch his pearls . Hopefully . 4 . IOC chairman 's speech about tolerance and diversity Thomas Bach , the chairman of the International Olympic Committee , gave a speech at the opening ceremonies , as such chairpeople usually do . If you watched the speech on NBC , you might have missed the most important part , which NBC claims it edited out because of time , not politics . In the cut portion , Bach says : "  This is the Olympic message the athletes spread to the host country and to the whole world . Yes , it is possible to strive even for the greatest victory with respect for the dignity of your competitors . Yes , yes , it is possible -- even as competitors -- to live together under one roof in harmony , with tolerance and without any form of discrimination for whatever reason . Yes , it is possible -- even as competitors -- to listen , to understand and to give an example for a peaceful society . " Intentional or not , it was a mistake for NBC to edit out that very important part . This political point needed making . 3 . The Canadian bobsled team posted what ? Four men . With beards . And rippling muscles . Wearing nothing but their underwear . Crammed into a phallic-shaped bobsled to pose for a photo . I mean . For the record  and for my lawyer  , I 'm not saying the Canadian Bobsled team is gay . I am saying this picture is . 2 . Blake Skjellerup 's one blade crusade New Zealand 's speed skater Skjellerup is one of a handful of openly gay athletes competing in Sochi . Skjellerup was able to afford to go to the Olympics thanks to fundraising support from the gay community worldwide and now that he 's there , he 's working extra hard to represent . He 's got his own pin . And this week , Skjellerup won the Internet with this tweet : Here 's hoping Blake gets the chance . I 'm leaving out the uniforms and gloves that , apparently coincidentally , feature the rainbow colors used to signify gay pride around the world , the campiness of figure skating uniforms -- the idea of de-gayed figure skating is so laughable that ` Saturday Night Live " parodied the idea in its pre-Sochi cold open imagining "  Heterosexual Figure Skating Championships " -- and the all-male choir in uniforms that could belong to the Village People singing about getting lucky . But this one is priceless . Because there 's only so much fabulousness you can fit in one essay , and I simply had to make room for this . 1 . Thank you , Canadian Institute of Diversity and Inclusion This did n't happen at Sochi but is sure inspired by it and is by far the most awesome thing ever so I 'm including it here . The Canadians put out this video as a giant homoerotic rebuttal to Putin and discrimination in Russia . It is a wonder to behold . Watch the clip . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sally Kohn .	Sally Kohn : The Olympic Games at Sochi have been pretty flamboyant so far Kohn : Despite Russia 's anti-gay law , there were many gay-ish moments
Iran is rolling back parts of its nuclear program and getting relief from sanctions in return as an interim agreement aimed at gauging Tehran 's willingness to curb its nuclear ambitions appears to be working with global powers gearing up for talks on Tuesday to forge a long-term pact . "  So far everyone , both Iran and all of the rest of us who provided some very limited , targeted sanctions relief have kept their commitments , " Wendy Sherman , a senior State Department official and lead negotiator for the United States on the Iran deal , told Wolf Blitzer on Monday in an interview on CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " Sherman , the under secretary for political affairs , spoke from Vienna where talks on a comprehensive accord between Iran , the United States , Germany and other permanent members of the U.N. Security Council are due to begin on Tuesday . The six-month deal was reached in November and took effect in January . The Vienna talks "  will build on that first step , because we do n't want it to be the only step , " Sherman said . "  We go into this negotiation very clear eyed , very sober , " she said . "  It 's going to be very tough . " Her comments came as Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran 's supreme leader , said his country would not "  renege " on the talks , but predicted they "  will not lead anywhere . " "  What I care about is what Iran does much more than what Iran says , " Sherman said . She added that any final deal will be contingent on Iran taking "  concrete " verifiable steps that prevent it from ever obtaining a nuclear weapon . The United States and its allies believe Iran is aiming to develop a nuclear weapon , while Tehran has said it 's atomic efforts are peaceful . Sherman said she had seen recent Iranian reports that Russia has offered to build a nuclear reactor inside Iran in exchange for oil shipments , but did not offer a comment on whether or not that was a good idea . Iran touts launch of new missiles ; U.S. says it 's watching closely North Korea camps Sherman , who served as a top official on North Korea during the Clinton administration , also spoke of the "  horror " of Pyongyang 's labor and prison camp system on the same day the United Nations released a report about the secretive country 's dismal record on human rights . "  We know a whole generation of children is growing up  in North Korea  with stunted growth and stunted intellect , " Sherman said with many of its people subsisting on twigs and plants due to a chronic food shortage . "  As I have always said North Korea is not a place any of us would want to live in , and I give the United Nations credit for highlighting the horrible human rights abuses that are going on in North Korea . " Sherman added the United States is involved in "  constant efforts " to free Kenneth Bae , an American currently being held in North Korea who was said to have recently been moved to a labor camp . Bae is "  not well and needs to be released without precondition , " she said . ` Abundant evidence ' of crimes against humanity in North Korea , panel says	Iran is rolling back parts of nuclear program and getting relief from sanctions in return Everyone in the deal has "  kept commitments , " says U.S. official Final deal will be contingent on Iran taking "  concrete " verifiable steps
CNN  -- A woman convicted of murder and adultery and sentenced to die by stoning said Saturday she would sue the two German journalists who interviewed her son , Iran 's government-backed Press TV reported . The men , identified only as a reporter and photojournalist , were arrested in October after they interviewed the son and lawyer of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani , who was convicted of adultery in 2006 and sentenced to death by stoning . Her case has drawn sharp criticism from the international community . No date has been set for her execution . Ashtiani told reporters in the northwestern city of Tabriz that she planned to sue the German nationals , Press TV reported . The men , who work for the Bild am Sonntag newspaper , are charged with espionage and are accused of working illegally as journalists in Iran . Germany-based anti-stoning activist Mina Ahadi said that government and prison officials were also at the press conference . "  This regime has a history of pressuring innocent people into confessing on television . This is just another example of their propaganda , " she said . Speaking outside the prison , Ashtiani criticized her lawyers for politicizing her case and denied she had been pressured to give interviews , Press TV said . Ashtiani 's son , Sajjad Qaderzadeh , was released from jail three weeks ago on humanitarian grounds , according to Press TV . He had served more than a month in prison for granting the interview , Press TV reported . Qaderzadeh appeared with his mother on Saturday and similarly said that he would sue the German nationals as well as his lawyers , who asked him to do the interview , Press TV said . The son also added that he plans to take legal action against Issa Taheri , who Press TV said murdered Qaderzadeh 's father in collaboration with Ashtiani . Germany 's Bild newspaper , a sister publication of Bild am Sonntag , published an editorial Sunday criticizing the reported lawsuit plans . "  The woman who has been sentenced to death was allowed to leave her jail cell for a few hours to declare in front of western TV cameras that she would file a suit against our reporters , " the editorial said . It concludes , "  Does Iran really think that a strange farce like this will improve the credibility of its justice system abroad ? " CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat and Fred Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani is sentenced to die by stoning She says she will sue two German nationals who interviewed her son An activist says the government pressured her to make comments to reporters A German newspaper describes the events as a "  strange farce "
CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has penned a letter to President Obama , telling his American counterpart that Iran is Obama 's only option for success , state-run media reported . "  Obama has only one way to remain in power and be successful . This way is Iran , " Ahmadinejad said in a nationally televised speech Tuesday , according to the Iranian Republic News Agency  IRNA  . "  Obama should start cooperation with Iran in practice , " he said . "  I have written a letter to Obama which will be published soon . " Ahmadinejad spoke just days after the conclusion of a 47-nation nuclear summit convened by Obama to raise global awareness of the threat of nuclear terrorism . The White House has been pressing for a fourth round of United Nations sanctions on Iran for its nuclear ambitions . Iran says its nuclear programs are designed for civilian use . "  The time when they imagine that they can do any harm on Iran is over , " Ahmadinejad said , according to IRNA . The Iranian leader urged cooperation between the Islamic republic and America . He said Iran was not the nation that was being isolated . Instead , he said , it was the United States that was in that position . "  We do n't need you to do anything for us to come out of isolation , rather we want to help you come out of isolation , " he said . "  Once -LSB- the United States was -RSB- at the height of glory , " he said . "  Now they are collapsing . They have many economic and cultural problems . They have security problems in the world and their influence in Iraq and Afghanistan is vanishing . " He said the United States would like to dominate the Middle East but can not do so without Iran . The nuclear issue , he said , veils America 's real intentions . Obama , he said , was put in the White House for America to show a new face to the world . "  I sent him a message and told him that we welcome change , but we did n't see any genuine change . Superficial changes do not matter , " Ahmadinejad said , referring to America 's ties to Israel . In 2006 , Ahmadinejad wrote a letter to then-President George W. Bush in which he proposed "  new ways " to end a standoff regarding Iran 's nuclear program . That was the first publicly acknowledged correspondence between the leaders of the two countries since 1980 , just after the Iranian revolution that ousted the shah .	Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad writes letter to President Obama Ahmadinejad says he wants to help the United States come out of isolation White House has called for more U.N. sanctions on Iran for its nuclear ambitions
Martha Stewart Living  -- My interest in the traditional Irish-American meal served in celebration of St. Patrick 's Day began when I was a schoolgirl living on Elm Place in Nutley , New Jersey . Martha Stewart Living : 15 kitchen shortcuts that will change the way you cook Our street was populated by a diverse assortment of families . There were Jews , Catholics and Episcopalians and other Protestants . There were Polish , Irish , German , English and Scottish homeowners . This diversity contributed to my interest in understanding how people of different religions and nationalities celebrated holidays and rites of passage . Big Martha was also very interested in all holidays and was always looking to expand her cooking repertoire . The Rebenacks were a large Irish family  there were six kids , with whom we all felt a kinship  who lived across the street . I loved visiting my friend Barbara , the eldest daughter , in their stark , almost empty kitchen  a contrast to our cozy and very busy one  . A favorite snack after school was a perfect baked potato snitched from under the aluminum dome of the stove-top roaster where Mrs. Rebenack cooked her family 's daily potatoes . Martha Stewart Living : 19 tips for perfect laundry every time The first time I tasted the St. Patrick 's Day feast at the Rebenacks , I ran home and begged my mother to cook the exact same menu -- Irish soda bread with salted butter , corned brisket of beef simmered with big , round boiling potatoes , huge wedges of winter cabbage , giant bright-orange carrots , and chunks of pale-orange rutabagas , served with freshly grated horseradish and spicy yellow mustard . We went to the Nutley Co-op and purchased a big corned brisket and all the fixings . The brisket was corned by the store 's butcher . He had his own recipe for brining the meat in a large crock in the back of the store . Martha Stewart Living : 20 super-efficient , super-effective ways to clean all the things The word corned had nothing to do with the vegetable , the butcher told us , but rather with the large kernel-size pieces of salt that customarily went into the brine . The butcher also gave us tips on how to cook it : rinsing the brisket , boiling it , draining it , and then simmering the beef slowly , until tender . The vegetables were cooked separately , some in the simmering liquid , and the potatoes and turnips in their own pots of fresh , salted water . Mother made a great soda bread , filled with caraway seeds and currants . Martha Stewart Living : Instant organization : Get it together in 15 minutes or less For years after that , we always celebrated St. Patrick 's Day with a big traditional feast . My sister Laura Plimpton always makes it for her family , adding parsnips . My friend Torie Hallock , in Somesville , Maine , and her husband , Compton , actually turned me on to corning my own beef . The soda bread is a delicious , crumbly version I created one morning when I had few ingredients in my larder and needed to make several loaves for the Irish in my life . Martha Stewart Living : Do n't shelve these clever bookshelf decorating ideas Kevin Sharkey just has to have soda bread and Irish butter on St. Patrick 's Day , as does Christine O'Neill , my new assistant , who also plays the bagpipes and drinks Guinness dyed green . My hairdresser and makeup artist , Mary Curran , loves Reuben sandwiches made from her mother 's leftover corned beef . Kevin always brings out his shamrock-bedecked handkerchiefs , ties , boutonniere , table linens , and bedding for St. Paddy 's Day . Martha Stewart Living : Curb your food cravings with yoga	Martha Stewart 's childhood neighbors introduced her to Irish fare Stewart begged her mother to cook a St. Patrick 's Day feast Corned beef and soda bread are some of Martha Stewart 's favorite Irish treats
CNN  -- The film "  Blue Is the Warmest Color , " a French import , has kicked up a storm of controversy , mostly because of its extraordinarily long , detailed and explicit lesbian sexual and romantic scenes . So graphic was a roughly six-minute coupling , that the Motion Picture Association of America gave the movie an NC-17 rating , that is , no one under 17 admitted . But there was additional controversy when a prominent film critic suggested it could be a good movie to introduce one 's teenage daughter to . In a blog post on The New York Times website about a theater in New York that chose to flout the MPAA rating , critic A.O. Scott said that "  in some ways , because of its tone and subject matter , ` Blue ' is a movie that may be best appreciated by viewers under the NC-17 age cutoff . " His 14-year-old daughter had seen it twice at the Telluride Film Festival . My take on his comment -- as a sex researcher , a university professor and a mom who has seen the film -- is : "  Are you kidding ?! " I would not recommend anything so vivid portrayed by a same-sex or opposite sex couple to any young person , particularly one who was not already sexually experienced . Furthermore , while my family is hardly shy about sharing information and opinions on all kinds of sex , it would be awkward and inappropriate to be the one introducing either my daughter or son to three highly-detailed sex scenes  even simulated , which these are  . We may have frank conversations about sex , but they 're not fully illustrated , and that makes a difference ! If you have not yet sat down with your kids to look through pictures of sexual positions and intercourse , having them watch this movie would be a strange place to start . "  Blue Is the Warmest Color " is not family entertainment . Its athletic , rough and tumble sexuality can look aggressive , even frightening , to an inexperienced young person , and it is hard to explain to many teens why that might also be loving . In a perfect world , one would want one 's child to go through stages of experiencing sex , from kissing to fondling to an intimate connection with a first lover . Perhaps this is idealistic , but at least their exposure to vivid images of sexuality might occur over time , graduated according to what they are ready to see and understand . In any case , it 's certainly not something they 'd want to watch with their parents , although it 's not clear whether Scott actually accompanied his 14-year-old to the Telluride screenings . I am also mystified that Scott talks about the movie as a realistic depiction of young love that teens will identify with . Huh ? This is not a realistic depiction for most teenagers . Approximately 40 % to 50 % of them will not have had intercourse until they have graduated high school . Very few of them will have had a relationship of this caliber or impact . How sexually explicit films affect kids is debated among health professionals and sex researchers . Some maintain that they can encourage sexual experimentation and a change in values in young people , while others disagree -- but as a parent , why go there ? Why consciously risk flipping youngsters ahead of their own experience by introducing information before they are more erotically mature ? One other reservation about taking a teen to this movie ? I love a love story ; gay , straight , bisexual or undecided . The chilling part of this film is that it 's basically the story of an adult woman  she 's 5 or 6 years older  poaching on a high-schooler . The issue is glossed over in the movie . But parents should be wary of taking their kids to see a movie that glamorizes sexual relationships between a sexy older person and a teen . Yes , it 's only a movie . But it is one that can deliver a message . Of course , there should be lots of conversations between parent and child on all these topics -- lesbian love affairs , affairs with older lovers , sexual desire when you are young -- before a child is launched into the adult world . But a parent exposing a child to deeply intimate sexuality -- people having oral sex together , slapping and grabbing each others ' butts and bringing each other to orgasm -- is neither necessary nor desirable . We can have , as sex educators call it , "  a teachable moment " other ways . If your child does go see this film , by all means , discuss it . But I am pretty sure this kind of field trip would make parent and child feel they 'd had an exceptionally squeamish , and highly regrettable , experience . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pepper Schwartz .	Pepper Schwartz : Graphic sex in "  Blue Is the Warmest Color " causing controversy She says Times critic said film is relevant for young teens ; his 14-year-old saw it She says : You kidding ? Most kids very unprepared for film 's level of raw sexuality Schwartz : Not advisable for a parent to introduce this kind of sex to a youngster
CNN  -- Fantasia Barrino overdosed on "  aspirin and a sleep aid " and was rushed to a Charlotte , North Caroline hospital Monday night , her manager said . The overdose came the same day she read a court complaint from a woman who alleged that Barrino carried on a yearlong affair with her husband , according to manager Brian Dickens . "  Her injuries are not life threatening , " Dickens said . "  She was dehydrated and exhausted at the time . " She was expected to be released from the hospital Tuesday , he said . Barrino publicly acknowledged the affair in a statement Tuesday issued by Dickens that said "  Fantasia fell in love with Mr. Cook and believed that he loved her . " "  Fantasia is heartbroken and is sorry for any pain she may have caused , " Dickens said in a written statement to CNN . "  Yesterday , she was totally overwhelmed by the lawsuit and the media attention . " The former "  American Idol " winner was hospitalized overnight but was expected to go home Tuesday , Dickens said . The police report obtained by CNN said Dickens called 911 to report the overdose at the singer 's home in Charlotte , North Carolina . In a child custody case filed last week , Paula Cook charged that Barrino and her husband , Antwaun Cook , became romantically involved last August . The singer fell in love with Cook based on lies he told her , Dickens said . "  Fantasia believed Mr. Cook when he told her he was not happy in his marriage and his heart was not in it , " Dickens said . "  She believed him when he told her he and Mrs. Cook separated in the late summer of 2009 . She believed Mr. Cook when he told her he lived elsewhere . " Cook even took her to a residence where he claimed he lived apart from his wife , Dickens said . Photos of Barrino and Cook were published online in recent months , prompting questions about their relationship . "  Fantasia gave inconsistent interviews about the status of her relationship with Mr. Cook because sometimes they were on and sometimes they were off , " Dickens said . "  When they were on , they spent most of their time together when she was not traveling with work . " She read Paula Cook 's child custody complaint for the first time Monday , Dickens said . "  She knows some of the allegations in Mrs. Cook 's complaint are totally false , " he said . "  There are others she strongly doubts . There is plenty she does not know . " The petition , which said the couple separated in June , described a phone conversation in July in which Barrino allegedly told the wife : "  He do n't want you . ... Maybe the next time that you get a husband , you 'll know how to keep him . ... That 's why he is here with me . " While Barrino is not directly involved in the current legal case , North Carolina is one of only a few states that allow a spouse to sue a third party who interferes with a marriage for alienation of affection . The High Point , North Carolina , native has enjoyed a successful recording and acting career since winning "  American Idol 's " third season . Her second album , which has received favorable reviews , will be released on August 24 , while the second season of her reality show debuts next month . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report	Fantasia 's manager says she fell in love based on man 's lies The singer overdosed on aspirin and a sleep aid , her manager says Brian Dickens : She was "  overwhelmed " by the lawsuit and media attention
CNN  -- Debt-stricken Greece has agreed on final details with its international creditors on the terms for the next installment of a bailout deal , the prime minister said Tuesday . However , the agreement on new austerity measures and the country 's budget must still be approved in two parliamentary votes -- which are likely to test the strength of Prime Minister Antonis Samaras ' governing coalition . Samaras said Greece 's representatives had done "  everything possible " in their negotiations with the so-called troika , the European Commission , the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund . Read more : Euro crisis opens old wounds for Greece , Germany "  We exhausted all possibilities , pressures and time . We achieved important improvements , even at the last moment , " Samaras said . "  As long as this agreement is approved and the budget voted into approval , Greece will remain in the euro and will find its way out of the crisis . " The Greek government has until now struggled to nail down all of the â ‚ ¬ 11 billion of spending cuts it needs to satisfy the conditions of its international bailout . The harsh austerity measures already in place have angered many people in Greece , which is in its fifth year of recession and has seen its unemployment rate soar to more than 25 % . Greece 's parliament is under pressure to pass the new austerity package before November 12 , when eurozone finance ministers are expected to announce whether they will release the money . The first parliamentary vote -- this one on the budget -- is expected Wednesday , with the second vote , on reforms and austerity measures , scheduled for Monday . Samaras warned that the danger for the Greek people going forward did not lie in which measure was or was n't passed , but rather in what might happen if the agreement was not approved and the nation plunged into chaos . "  These dangers must be avoided . And that is now the responsibility of all parties and of every member of parliament individually , " he said . The coalition headed by Samaras is made up of his center-right New Democracy party , the socialist party Pasok and the Democratic Party of the Left , or DIMAR . While Pasok has not yet commented , it seems Samaras may struggle to bring the Democratic Left on board . Read more : Greece brought to standstill by anti-austerity strike "  DIMAR fought for labor relations with specific positions in order to protect already weakened labor rights , " the party said in a statement Tuesday . "  We do n't agree on the outcome of the negotiations . DIMAR maintains its position . " Radical leftist party Syriza also voiced opposition to the austerity package -- and urged people to take to the streets to demonstrate against its passage . "  Government measures should not be voted into effect , they will not be implemented , " a statement said . "  Public protests are the only effective answer to the plans to demolish the rights of workers and of young people  that  will mean the subordination of the country to its lenders and to big capital . " Greece , and particularly Athens , has seen repeated street demonstrations against the austerity measures imposed on the nation , some of which have turned violent . Two general strikes have been called in recent weeks by unions who say that another round of cuts to wages and pensions will be too painful for the Greek people to bear . Critics of austerity argue that the country needs measures to promote growth and create new jobs . Samaras said he was already pushing for Greece to be given more than the 31 billion euros expected in the latest installment of funds "  so that there is a significant effect on the real economy . " Greece 's long-running economic woes have shaken global markets and led to fears it could crash out of the 17-member eurozone single currency if it defaults on its debt . The turmoil in the eurozone has exacerbated concerns about other ailing nations such as Spain and Italy , which are also struggling with high unemployment and debt . CNN 's Christine Theodorou and Diana Magnay contributed to this report .	NEW : The Democratic Left and Syriza voice opposition to the austerity package Samaras calls on lawmakers to approve the deal agreed to with international creditors "  As long as this agreement is approved ... Greece will remain in the euro , " says Samaras 2 parliamentary votes will be held , one on budget and the other on austerity and reforms
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The National Archives -- a repository of important government documents , including the U.S. Constitution -- has lost a computer hard drive containing large volumes of Clinton administration records , including the names , phone numbers and Social Security numbers of White House staff members and visitors . The National Archives has lost a hard drive containing large volumes of Clinton administration records . Officials at the Archives say they do n't know how many confidential records are on the hard drive . But congressional aides briefed on the matter say it contains "  more than 100,000 " Social Security numbers , including one belonging to a daughter of then-Vice President Al Gore . It also contains Secret Service and White House operating procedures , the staffers said they were told . The hard drive was last seen in the National Archive 's complex in College Park , Maryland , sometime between October of last year and the first week of February . It was discovered missing in late March , prompting a thorough search for the small , 2.5 pound device , the Archives said . When it could not be located , the inspector general 's office opened a criminal investigation . On Wednesday , the Archives announced a $ 50,000 reward for information leading to its return . The Archives said no national security information is on the hard drive , nor any original documents . But they said it does contain "  personally identifiable information , " and they take the loss "  very seriously . " U.S. Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , whose staff was briefed on the matter , said the House will hold a hearing Thursday on the incident . "  If they -LSB- the National Archives ' staff -RSB- ca n't handle a hard drive that may be sensitive properly , we need to ask the question , will they handle the most secret materials properly ? " Issa said . The Archives Wednesday gave the following account of the disappearance : Last October , the hard drive was moved from a "  secure " storage area to a workspace where it was being used for routine recopying to ensure preservation of the records . But work was halted last year because archivists "  wanted to investigate using automated tools to generate inspection reports . " Staffers were moved to other projects until an automated tool was found in mid-March -- that 's when they found the hard drive was missing . The device is described as a two terabyte Western Digital MY BOOK external hard drive , measuring 6.5 x 2.1 x 5.4 inches . More than 110 4-millimeter tape cartridges were copied onto the hard drive . The records included records from the Clinton Administration Executive Office of the President . The archives said no original records have been lost , and the Archives has a backup hard drive that will enable them to determine what information is on the missing device . The inspector general said at least 100 people had access to the area where the hard drive was left unsecured , and that janitors , visitors and others also passed through the area . The Archives said it is reviewing the data on a copy of the missing hard drive and compiling a list of people whose personal information may be compromised . It will notify individuals of the potential breach and will provide them with a year of credit monitoring , the Archives said . "  Because of the extremely large volume of data on the drive , we do not know yet the number of individuals whose privacy has been affected , " the Archives said Wednesday . "  As individuals are identified , they will be notified . " The Archives also said it has taken steps to improve security , including both physical control of records and the treatment of personal information .	Officials say they do n't know how many confidential records are on the hard drive Congressional aides say "  more than 100,000 " Social Security numbers on drive Archives announced a $ 50,000 reward for information leading to its return
CNN  -- Elizabeth Taylor is having a "  procedure on her heart , " she announced on her Twitter page Tuesday . Elizabeth Taylor has used Twitter to share personal information . "  It 's very new and involves repairing my leaky valve using a clip device , without open heart surgery , so that my heart will function better , " the famed actress wrote . "  Any prayers you happen to have lying around I would dearly appreciate . I 'll let you know when it 's all over . Love you , Elizabeth . " The 77-year-old Oscar winner did not go into further detail about her heart condition or the medical procedure . She was briefly hospitalized this summer for "  scheduled testing , " she said at the time . She checked out "  sore , but intact , " the actress said in an online message posted July 17 . Her publicist had denied tabloid rumors that her hospitalization was brought on by her grief over the sudden death of her close friend Michael Jackson in June . Twitter is a social networking site that allows users to publish what they are doing using 140 characters or less . Taylor posts regularly on her account , DameElizabeth , which has more than 155,000 followers . She opened the account this year at the suggestion of her close friend , author and actress Kathy Ireland , publicist Dick Guttman said . She posted emotional messages in July to counter rumors about how she was dealing with the news of Jackson 's death . "  Although my grief over Michael could not be any deeper , I am not on suicide watch as some of the cheaper ` rags ' would have you believe , " Taylor wrote July 5 . Taylor -- who uses a wheelchair because of scoliosis , or abnormal curving of the spine -- gave fans several days advance notice of her last hospitalization . The London-born movie star has won two Academy Awards for best actress : first for "  Butterfield 8 " in 1961 and then for "  Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf " in 1967 .	Elizabeth Taylor takes to Twitter to announce surgical procedure Actress did not go into detail about heart issue She has used Twitter to talk about coping with Jackson 's death
CNN  -- A month after the deadly school shootings in Newtown , Connecticut , the National Rifle Association is taking heat again -- this time for releasing a mobile video game that lets players learn how to shoot at targets . The game , "  NRA : Practice Range , " puts the user in a gun range , where they fire a variety of handguns and rifles at stationary targets and earn points for accuracy . Critics are questioning the timing of the game 's release Monday -- a month to the day after the December 14 shootings -- and accusing the NRA of hypocrisy because one of its leaders recently blamed video games for stoking gun violence . "  It 's outrageous . The NRA never seems to be able to amaze me , " said Joel Faxon , a member of Newtown 's Police Commission , who described himself as a longtime gun owner . "  There 's no reason that they ca n't espouse safe , effective , appropriate gun usage , " he said . "  Why do they have to come out with something like this at a time when the nerves and emotions are so raw in Sandy Hook ? " See details of President Obama 's actions on guns "  It strikes me that this is totally inappropriate , " George Ferguson , a member of the Newtown Legislative Council , said Tuesday . Ferguson said he had not seen the game , and added that he was speaking for himself , not the council . "  I think video games should be part of the dialogue " about gun violence in the U.S. , he added . Requests for comment from the NRA were not immediately returned Tuesday . The NRA 's membership has spiked by 250,000 people since the Newtown shootings , the group said . That brings its membership to more than 4.2 million . Most criticism of the app , which is available for the iPhone and the iPad , focused not on the content of the game but on the timing of its release . In nationally televised comments a week after the slayings , NRA Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre said , "  There exists in this country a callous , corrupt and corrupting shadow industry that sells , and sows , violence against its own people , through vicious , violent video games . " Related : NRA video game smacks of hypocracy Gene Grabowski , a longtime crisis-management expert who has advised gun manufacturers , called the timing of the app "  startling . " "  But the NRA has long ignored what anyone but its base cares about , " he said . "  They are not worried in any way about what the general public or the chattering class thinks . That 's why this looks cynical , because it is cynical . "  I 'm not so sure it 's a bad strategy from where the NRA sits , " Grabowski added . "  If the goal is to firm up the base of the organization and to accelerate the influx of dues and support money , then the strategy is successful . " Victims of other mass shootings also were upset about the app . "  How two-faced of the NRA to introduce a violent video game on the heels of their blame game , " said Lori Haas , whose daughter survived a mass shooting at Virginia Tech in 2007 . "  NRA : Practice Range " is listed on iTunes as an "  official NRA licensed product , " created in conjunction with MEDL Mobile , a mobile-tech startup . The game is free , although for 99 cents , players can upgrade their firearms and "  unlock " an MK11 sniper rifle . The game includes a handful of tips on gun safety . On iTunes , the only current marketplace for the game , the game was initially rated as appropriate for children 4 and up . On Tuesday afternoon , the rating was updated to age 12 + . CNN did n't hear back from the developer when it inquired what led to the change . The game 's release date may have been an unfortunate coincidence . Apps must be approved by Apple before they appear in its App Store , and the minimum time frame for Apple to review and approve an app is about 10 days , said videogame designer and theorist Ian Bogost , professor of interactive computing at the Georgia Institute of Technology . In some cases , Apple has taken three weeks to approve apps . "  We 're both speculating if we try to guess whether NRA and the developer had this in their back pocket , waiting for the right time , or whether the release date is mere accident , " Bogost said . "  It 's also not clear exactly how involved the NRA was in its release . The game seems to have been an officially licensed NRA product , but that might just mean that the developer had the rights to use the NRA name . " At least one left-leaning group , the California-based Courage Campaign , launched an online petition Tuesday urging Apple to pull the NRA game from its App Store . Apple did not immediately respond Tuesday to requests for comment . Former House Speaker and Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich defended the app Tuesday on "  CBS This Morning . " "  My understanding is that it 's a gun safety app , and it 's for young hunters to learn gun safety , " he said . "  But I would just recommend that people watch the entire app before they render judgment . " Bogost , the videogame theorist , believes the debate about the NRA 's new game boils down to perspective . NRA opponents will reflexively see the game as inappropriate , but to gun-rights supporters , "  a firing-range game that embraces the NRA 's overall position on safety and gun rights probably seems like a welcome alternative to public discourse about gun control , " he said . "  In its post-Sandy Hook press conference , the NRA blamed violent media instead of gun ownership for the tragedy , singling out video games in particular . But from the NRA 's perspective , the practice range game is not a violent game . The player only discharges firearms at paper and clay targets . For the NRA , it offers a model of responsible gun use , " Bogost said in an e-mail . It 's not the first time the NRA has been involved with a video game . In 2006 , it endorsed a shooting game called "  NRA Gun Club " for the PlayStation 2 console . And in 2008 , the NRA lent its name to three shooting games : "  NRA Varmit Hunter , " "  NRA High Power Competition " and "  NRA Xtreme Accuracy Shooting . " Politicians and conservative groups have long condemned video games that challenge players to gun down enemies , saying that the games glorify and instigate real life violence . But scientific research on the topic has been inconclusive . In 2011 , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that video games deserve the same First Amendment protections as books , comics , plays and other entertainment . Most such games , called "  first-person shooters , " are rated M for Mature by the rating board indicating content is generally suitable for ages 17 and older . Though , of course , many younger teens play them . CNN 's Dana Garrett contributed to this story .	NRA target shooting app comes after the group blamed games for stoking gun violence NEW : The app 's rating was updated Tuesday from age 4 + to age 12 + Critics say the game 's release , a month after the Newtown shootings , is insensitive "  NRA : Practice Range " became available Monday in Apple 's App Store
Let 's get this out of the way straight off : The Transportation Security Administration is probably not going to top anyone 's list of Favorite Federal Government Agencies . And the stories of its failures spread faster than a speeding jetliner : TSA officers stealing money from luggage , taking bribes from drug dealers , sleeping on the job . So it should n't come as any surprise that a new Government Accountability Office report , citing a 26 % increase in misconduct among TSA employees between 2010 and 2012 , is striking a nerve with some travelers who 've had to endure the shoeless , beltless shuffle on the trip through security . "  Whenever you get an organization that has to be there , sometimes it just starts to take on a weight of its own , " traveler Chris Simon said Wednesday at San Francisco International Airport . "  So maybe it 's just not being managed . " "  This makes me never want to check my bag , " Twitter user KathrynPowers1 posted Wednesday in response to the news . "  That 's disgusting , " tweeted user RidockKing . GAO report reveals increase in TSA employee misconduct Among the report 's findings : -- Misconduct cases involving TSA employees -- everything from being late to skipping crucial security protocols -- rose from 2,691 a year in 2010 to 3,408 in 2012 . -- About a third of the cases involved being late or not reporting for work , the largest single category of offenses . -- 10 % of offenses involved inappropriate comments or abusive behavior . -- About a quarter involved screening and security failures -- including sleeping on the job -- or neglect of duty offenses that resulted in losses or careless inspections . Photos : 20 odd items confiscated by the TSA Examples of violations The report details one case of a TSA agent suspended for seven days after trying to carry a relative 's bag past security without screening . A supervisor interceded and the bag was found to contain "  numerous prohibited items , " according to the GAO report . It did n't say what the items were . In another case , a TSA agent was suspended for 30 days after a closed-circuit camera caught the officer failing to individually examine X-ray images of passenger items , as required by agency policy . Among the 9,622 offenses cataloged in the report , the GAO also found 384 ethics and integrity violations , 155 "  appearance and hygiene " complaints and 56 cases of theft . While not specifically mentioned in the report , notable cases of theft by TSA agents include a 2012 case in which two former employees pleaded guilty to stealing $ 40,000 from a checked bag at New York 's John F. Kennedy Airport , and a 2011 guilty plea from an officer who admitted stealing between $ 10,000 and $ 30,000 from travelers at Newark Liberty International Airport in New Jersey . The officer in the 2011 case , Al Raimi , admitted he would "  kick up " some of that money to a supervisor , who in turn allowed him to keep stealing . The supervisor , Michael Arato , also pleaded guilty to accepting kickbacks and bribes . Airport officer claims he was fired for exposing sleeping guards Taking it seriously Overall , 47 % of the offenses detailed in the report resulted in a letter of reprimand , at least 17 % cost the employees their jobs and 31 % ended with a suspension . "  If they 're stealing , they 're doing drugs or breaching the security system intentionally and I can prove it , they 're out , " TSA Deputy Administrator John W. Halinski told a joint hearing of two House Homeland Security subcommittees on Wednesday . But he said , even the letters of reprimand handed out in nearly half of the cases are serious punishment . Such letters can block employees from receiving a bonus or promotion , and stay with them their entire career , he told Rep. Richard Hudson , R-North Carolina , chair of the Transportation Security subcommittee . "  It 's a serious thing , sir , " Halinksi said . He also defended his agency 's 56,000 employee workforce as overwhelmingly upright . But Rep. John Mica , a Florida Republican and longtime critic of the TSA who requested the audit , is skeptical . He told CNN that the report shows the TSA is not doing enough to respond to and prevent misconduct . "  There 's not even a way to properly report some of the offenses , so this may be just the tip of the iceberg of some of the offenses , " he said . TSA agents at Newark spared from firings after violations Some other lawmakers stood by the agency Wednesday , saying the offenses represent a small percentage of TSA 's 56,000 employees . "  Transportation security officers have an undeniably hard job and the overwhelming majority of them conduct themselves honorably and in accordance with TSA protocols , " Rep. Cedric Richardson , D-Louisiana , said during Wednesday 's hearing . Analyst : Turn the tables on TSA Frost and Sullivan airport security analyst John Hernandez said the report is n't particularly surprising . The TSA has been plagued by uneven training for years , he said , resulting in a work force that is n't always properly educated about how to do their jobs . "  I think John Q. Traveler should not so much be concerned , but take an active role in security , " he said . "  As they are willing to point out things we do wrong , we should be ready to report on the failure in their security operations , as well . " The government report calls on the TSA to improve how the agency monitors and follows up on allegations of misconduct . The agency has accepted the recommendations , Halinksi said . Asiana Flight 214 crash : Couple stole passengers ' bags at San Francisco airport	TSA deputy chief says agency has a good workforce , moves quickly to fire bad apples Most TSA officers "  conduct themselves honorably , " lawmaker says TSA critic , Rep. John Mica , says new GAO report shows TSA is doing little to prevent misconduct Report details 26 % increase in misconduct cases among TSA employees from 2010 to 2012 .
CNN  -- On the Internet , a truly private conversation is hard to come by . Personal communications on apps , e-mail and social networks are very much an open book , and they leave a trail of personal data that can potentially be accessed by criminals , corporations and government agencies . No wonder more and more people are using apps whose messages quickly disappear from phones once they 've been read . Take Wickr , a self-destructing messaging app that takes security very seriously . The free app has been available on iOS for a little more than a year and on Monday , it expanded its reach to a wider audience with an Android version . Like the better-known Snapchat  and the lesser-known Poke  , messages on Wickr live briefly before supposedly vanishing forever from your phone and the prying eyes of computer servers . There are many security advantages to this type of communication . The format makes it difficult for recipients to share , forward and spread messages . Any sensitive photos or texts have a better chance of not becoming a permanent artifact on the Internet . They are also deleted from the companies ' servers  or in the case of Wickr , never stored on a company server  , making it difficult for hackers , criminals or government agencies to retrieve old conversations . Snapchat has become hugely popular in the past year . Its users now send more than 350 million photos a day . The company has played down the security advantages of self-destructing messages , focusing instead on the playful aspects of the "  ephemeral " messaging trend , like having fun and living in the moment . Fairly or not , the service has also developed a reputation as a platform for sexting . "  Snapchat is not a great way to send photos you want to keep safe and secure , " said Snapchat co-founder Evan Spiegel at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference last week . He cited the ability of recipients to take screenshots and of hackers to access content as reasons the platform was n't safe for "  inappropriate photos . " Wickr was developed by computer-security experts and has some heavy-duty layers of security to keep communications anonymous and private . Each message -- whether text , photo , video or voice -- is encrypted with a one-time-use unique key , and only the sender and Wickr users have those keys . Any telling metadata is stripped out when you send attachments , and deleted messages are forensically erased , or "  shredded , " from your device . "  No security is 100 % , but we are the best available , " said Nico Sell , CEO and co-founder of Wickr . Wickr also has a few more messaging features than the minimalist Snapchat . You can choose to let messages live for days , not just seconds . The iOS app can send encrypted attachments , though you can not yet send PDF attachments on the Android version . Wickr 's founders frequently test the app with their own network of well-known hackers , and as well as with a tougher crowd : kids . "  We really made it to try and protect them from the permanence of the Internet , " said Sell , whose own children use the app . There are always security risks . If your phone is compromised , a hacker could track keystrokes while you are typing out messages . People are another potential weak link -- someone could steal your phone while you are logged in . Or the person on the receiving end of your messages could violate your trust and share the information . "  You have to remember , there 's no magic pill for betrayers , " said Sell . Unlike Snapchat , Wickr does n't give a notification when someone captures a screenshot . It 's difficult to take one , and the company thought a notification would give users a false sense of security . Wickr does n't just want to take on Snapchat , it also hopes to be an alternative to Facebook Messenger , Skype and free International texting tools like WhatsApp . Typical online-communication tools store information on servers indefinitely . That can include the content of messages , participants in the conversation , time stamps and even location information . Many of the companies that host the messages , like Google and Facebook , make their money on personal data which they use to sell targeted ads . They are n't invested in keeping your personal data private because it 's not smart business . Wickr has a different type of business plan that is n't based on personal data . The app is free , but eventually the company will charge its power users for in-app purchases , such as paying for a message to live forever . In a year filled with increased awareness of cybersecurity and the government 's ability to snoop on digital communications , Wickr 's anonymous , highly secure communication may be a killer feature all on its own .	Wickr is a self-destructing messaging app created by computer-security experts Snapchat has played down the security of its similar app in the past Messages sent using Wickr are anonymous and encrypted
CNN  -- I 've been a trend spotter for almost 20 years , and people have asked me -- some joking , some not -- if I foresaw that I 'd be identifying cultural trends this long . Trend spotting and ESP : not the same thing . Nobody can foresee something that precise that far ahead . But I love using my background in sociology , marketing and PR to dig deep , looking for social patterns . Plus , trend spotting is huge on so many levels , especially for anybody in any industry who needs to be thinking ahead .  And is n't that everyone today ? So while other people make holiday wish lists , my tradition is making my annual trends list . While other people browse through malls , I sift through movements , mindsets and moods to come up with a rundown of what will be trending in the next 12 months . What I find does n't always make people happy . In 2008 , for instance , a controversy erupted after I was accused of attacking baby boomers when I predicted the rise of the cuspers  the age group between Gen Xers and boomers  . This year , anger actually tops my list . There 's plenty to be angry about in 2011 ; is overdosing on Sarah Palin what makes you full of rage ? The economy ? Airport frisking ? See if that trend and my 10 others for 2011 ring true throughout the coming year : Mad as hell , and only getting madder In the U.S. , expect the prevalent mood to grow angrier , with men at home angry at their wives and the economy , women at work angry that they 're the sole breadwinners , and everyone angry about taxes , reforms , individual freedoms and more . Talk to the hands In today 's rebooting world , people are re-evaluating what jobs and activities are worth something deeper than the next bonus , promotion , gadget or status symbol . It grows from a yearning for an era when ordinary Americans were practical people who looked after themselves with their own hands . Net gain People worldwide are losing faith . Many Americans , for example , have lost trust in their politicians , their institutions , their media and the direction of the nation . To compensate  because they have n't lost trust in self-reliance and faith in technology  , they are looking to their networks , turbocharged by computers and the internet . Public mycasting system In the emerging world of mycasting  individually curated interactive content  , each individual expresses his or her worldview through what they write , the images they upload , the "  share this " links they create , the tweets they retweet . Booting up Watch out for the return of boot camps to toughen up kids and employees for the rigors of the 21st century . Imagine manners classes and empathy workshops being replaced by emotional-resilience-conditioning workouts . Yes , we can -- reinvent ourselves "  Change " has faded as a political slogan , but it 's becoming a way of life for many . Some people are volunteering for a change in their lives ; others are being forced into it . Whether the changes are voluntary or mandatory , it 's time to tap into that legendary can-do spirit and remember that America is the land of second chances . Reinvention , Part II The fires of public anger burn very intensely but then hop to the next tinder . With the right timing , the right words , the right attitudes and behavior , and enough money to pay for top-class professional advocacy , even the most egregious corporate and celebrity wrongdoers might get a second chance . Separated at worth In a world where pay and compensation have become confused , and big money has begun to smell rotten , emotional wealth -- the love and respect of others -- looks like a much better bet . The extreme-cash bling of luxury objects will be overtaken by the extreme emo bling of adoring friends going the extra 10 miles . Gender bender Women are growing into new roles , and men are growing out of the traditional male roles that gave them their top-class swagger ; no longer are they automatically the head of household , the sexual initiator , the protector , provider and decision maker . Who 's in control ? The demand for greater control is a trend that unites Americans of all persuasions . What divides them -- and what will raise passions in the near future -- is what should be controlled , how and by whom . One of the fault lines is between those who demand more self-control and those who demand more regulatory control . Tapping minitrends Some trends start small and inevitably grow huge with their own momentum ; others spell opportunity for innovators . Next year , the latter includes the rise of African consumers , small-scale solar energy , mobile money-transfer services and mobile health care . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marian Salzman .	Marian Salzman says next year could be a year of anger She says the lukewarm economy is making men and women angrier People are focusing on technology to broadcast views , strengthen social ties , she says 2011 could also be a year of reinvention for many people , Salzman says
Washington  CNN  -- Walk into Rep. Peter King 's Capitol Hill office , and you are overwhelmed with how much the New York Republican is consumed by the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . There are photos on the walls of funerals he attended , images of a smoky Brooklyn Bridge , and baseball caps with sayings including "  USS New York , Never Forget . " King says he does n't have a monopoly on grief -- but it is what drives him . "  If you ask me what I think about going to work every day , it 's 9/11 and preventing another 9/11 . There were too many people I knew , " he told CNN in an interview in his office . That 's why he says he is determined to use his powerful post as House Homeland Security Committee chairman to hold a series of highly controversial hearings on what he has dubbed radicalization of Muslims in the United States . "  I have no choice , I have to hold these hearings , these hearings are absolutely essential , " King said before the first hearing in March . "  There are elements in that community that are being radicalized , and I believe that the leadership , the leaders of that community , do not face up to that reality . Too many cases are not cooperative , not willing to speak out and condemn this type of radicalization that is going on , " he insisted . The fact that he is singling out the Muslim-American community has ignited protests and anger against him , and accusations of bigotry . He has even been compared to Sen. Joseph McCarthy , who used a congressional gavel he wielded in the 1950s to go on a Communist witch hunt . King said there is "  no basis " for that . "  I tell people wait and watch and listen to the hearing and they will see it will be a thoughtful , meaningful , very fair hearing , " he said . King once had a close bond with leaders in the Muslim-American community . In the 1990s , he broke with fellow Republicans and backed President Bill Clinton 's military efforts in the Balkans to defend Muslims there . "  That was not popular in my district , but I did it because it was the right thing to do . I thought the Muslim populations in those countries were being victimized , " said King . Though the Muslim community in his mostly blue-collar Long Island district is small , King had close relationships with Muslim leaders -- he even attended a ribbon-cutting at a local mosque . But King said after 9/11 a switch flipped . "  I saw the Muslim-American community not responding the way that they should have , covering up for al Qaeda , when they tried to blame it on Jews or the FBI -- I could n't believe what I was hearing . These people -- I had known them for years , I had their relatives interning in my office , I had gone to weddings and dinners of leaders in the Muslim-American community -- and the same people that I had known , I hear them saying its not al Qaeda , it 's the FBI . I could n't believe it , " recalled King . One of those leaders was Ghazi Khankan with the Islamic Center of Long Island . "  I said we should also investigate the possibility of Israel being involved . That changed his opinion 100 % , " said Khankan . King said he was furious that no Muslim leaders denounced those post-9 / 11 comments . But even worse , he insisted , was what he started hearing from law enforcement -- that the Muslim-American community was not cooperating with efforts to rein in radicalization and prevent terror threats . "  That would be psychobabble , to say that because of what was said after 9/11 , I 'm holding these hearings . That 's when I first began to look more carefully , " he said . "  Since then , it 's dealing with police at all levels , in New York and around the country . ... Privately , I am told time and again that they 're not getting the cooperation they need . " he said . King , the son of a New York police academy instructor and a self-described close friend of New York cops and firefighters , insists he gets the real story from his buddies about what they call lack of cooperation in the Muslim community in rooting out radicalism . But other law enforcement officials say they get valuable assistance from Muslim-Americans . And academic studies , like one conducted by Duke University and the University of North Carolina , show fellow American Muslims turned in 48 of the 120 Muslims suspected of plotting terror attacks on the U.S. since 9/11 . King insists that does n't jibe with what he hears on the ground . "  I can tell you that in New York , we 're in the epicenter , we 're in the eye of the storm . There has been no virtually no real cooperation coming from the Muslim-American community . The police commissioner 's office in  Suffolk County  has said that they have not gotten one tip from the Muslim-American community , " he said . Still , King invited no law enforcement officials to be witnesses at the March hearing -- neither the FBI director , nor the attorney general , nor any of the New York officials who he says tell him they 're concerned . The only one who attended was Los Angeles Sheriff Leroy Baca because he was invited by Democrats on the panel . Some call King 's efforts against American Muslim terrorism hypocritical . In the 1980s , King , an Irish-American , was an active supporter of Gerry Adams and the Irish Republican Army , an organization the State Department then deemed terrorists , which was responsible for hundreds of civilian deaths in terror attacks . King defends his efforts . "  I knew what was happening in Northern Ireland , and with the IRA . The IRA was a legitimate force , they 'd been there for 40 years , 60 years , any way you want to look at it , " said King . He insists he only got involved so heavily with Adams because he knew he would be willing to broker peace with the British government . "  I was one of those helped bring  peace  about . This is n't me saying it , it 's Tony Blair and Bill Clinton saying that , among others , " said King , who later pointed to a photo on his wall of Blair , the former British prime minister , with an inscription praising King for his role in the Northern Ireland Peace Accord . The New York Times editorialized before the March hearing that King is a man "  obsessed " with Muslim radicalism . Is he obsessed ? "  I 'm very focused , " he replied . "  I lost many people from my  congressional  district on 9/11 , and within a 30-mile radius of my home , probably about a thousand people murdered on 9/11 . " Another answer to that question may be in what King writes about . He is a part-time novelist , and in 2004 published a book called "  Vale of Tears , " about an Irish-American congressman from New York who traces a terrorist attack to Muslim radicals in his own district . "  You write about what you know , " shrugged King . If the negative publicity and protests about his hearing are getting to King , he 's hiding it well . "  Hey , I would love to be loved , you know , I 'm not a masochist . But on the other hand , I have a job to do . And I would not want to wake up the day after an attack and say , ' I should 've done something differently , ' " he said . "  My goal , if I could have an ultimate goal , is to have new leaders emerge from within the Muslim community , who are not defensive , who day in , day out , are willing to denounce radicalizations , denounce the attempts by al Qaeda to go into their communities . " CNN 's Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	Rep. Peter King is chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee He is holding controversial hearings regarding Muslims in the United States The hearings focus on what King calls the radicalization of Muslims in the U.S. "  These hearings are absolutely essential , " King says
Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 broke apart in the air after it was hit by a burst of "  high-energy objects " from outside , a preliminary report by Dutch aviation investigators said Tuesday . Flight 17 came down in eastern Ukraine on July 17 in an area controlled by pro-Russian separatists . Of the 298 people killed , around two-thirds were Dutch . The U.S. and Ukraine have accused pro-Russian separatists operating in the region of downing the plane with a missile . The Dutch Safety Board report supports the theory of a warhead exploding in close proximity to the passenger jet , but it does n't point any fingers at who might have fired it . "  Anybody who 's looking for blame , or somebody who says that the rebels did it or that somebody else did it , is going to be disappointed , " said CNN Aviation Correspondent Richard Quest . "  That 's not what this report says . " Plane pierced ` from outside ' The Boeing 777 "  broke up in the air probably as the result of structural damage caused by a large number of high-energy objects that penetrated the aircraft from outside , " a press release accompanying the report said . "  There are no indications that the MH17 crash was caused by a technical fault or by actions of the crew , " the statement said . Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said the report "  leads to the strong suspicion that a surface to air missile brought MH17 down , but further investigative work is needed before we can be certain . " The separatists , who deny responsibility for bringing down the plane , took control of the crash site for weeks , combing through the wreckage and hindering access to investigators . The flight recorders , generally known as black boxes , were n't handed over to international investigators for several days . But the Dutch report says investigators found "  no evidence or indications of manipulation of the recorders . " It said there was no sign of any audible alerts or of any malfunction or worries communicated between the crew on the flight data recorders . Why does crash report avoid the word ` missile ' ? Unable to visit site The Dutch investigators say they still have n't been able to visit the site amid the unstable situation in eastern Ukraine . "  Coordinated access to the wreckage site by the international team of air safety investigators has not yet been possible , " it said . "  It is the intention of the Dutch Safety Board to visit the site whenever it is possible to safely conduct further investigation of the wreckage . " The investigation team had to rely on photographs of wreckage taken by officials from Ukraine 's National Bureau of Air Accidents Investigation during a series of short visits to the site in July , the report said . The Dutch investigators set out a list of areas that still need further investigation , including forensic examination of wreckage and any foreign objects found .	Anyone "  looking for blame ... is going to be disappointed , " CNN 's Richard Quest says A Dutch report finds "  no indications of manipulation " of flight recorders Investigators say they still do n't have coordinated access to the crash site The U.S. and Ukraine have accused pro-Russian rebels of shooting down the plane
CNN  -- A Kalispell , Montana , newlywed accused of pushing her husband from a cliff wants her trial postponed after prosecutors told her attorney they have evidence her husband was blindfolded before falling to his death , court documents say . Saying the prosecution has provided no evidence regarding the use of a blindfold -- which could be used to make the government 's case for premeditation and thus first-degree murder -- Jordan Linn Graham 's attorney , Michael Donahoe , asserts that he is unprepared to defend his client if the trial is held in December as planned . Donahoe further said he learned of the "  blindfold theory " and the DNA testing of "  a piece of cloth found on a shoal in the river " only during an October 25 conference call , more than three weeks after it was sent to an FBI lab and 10 weeks after it was collected from the alleged crime scene . That timing is important , the attorney says , because if the "  alleged blindfold " was not sent to a lab until at least October 2 , the day before the indictment was filed , it "  would suggest the blindfold theory was not put to the grand jury at all . " "  If , as is stated in the complaint affidavit , Jordan and Cody  Johnson  were arguing intensely on the ledge , it hardly seems plausible that the argument would cease abruptly so Jordan could apply a blindfold , " says Donahoe 's brief supporting a motion to dismiss the case . "  Frankly at this point the defense has no idea of how the government intends to try this case before the petite jury and likewise has grave doubt about what was put before the grand jury . " Donahoe further slams the FBI and U.S. Attorney 's Office for its handling of Graham 's interrogation and subsequent report based on that interrogation . The case is being handled federally because the alleged crime happened in a national park . The report , which alleges an FBI interrogator inappropriately touched Graham 's knee during the interview , states that almost an hour and a half of Graham 's interrogation was not recorded , despite the necessary equipment being on hand . Failing to preserve such evidence , which includes Graham 's first admission that she had previously lied , is a violation of Graham 's rights , the defense brief says . Other parts of the interview were misconstrued or provided without necessary context , according to the papers filed by Donahoe , which labels the government 's version of Graham 's statement "  incomplete , coerced and subject to suppression . " "  The whole recorded part of the interrogation was an epic effort by  the interrogator  to isolate key words that would at a minimum support a voluntary manslaughter theory ; with enough room for the argument that Jordan could have walked away , which might even support a theory of depraved heart for first - or second-degree murder , " the court brief states . It continues , "  At best this synopsis is a decontextualized , exaggerated interpretation that was intended to distort and contradict what Jordan actually reported . " Graham has pleaded not guilty to charges of first-degree murder , second-degree murder and making false statements . On July 7 , just more than a week after they got married , Graham and her husband were arguing at Montana 's Glacier National Park , according to court affidavits . Graham said in a court filing that during the argument , Johnson grabbed her by the arm and she removed it , pushing Johnson simultaneously and accidentally sending him off the cliff , according to court documents . The complaint against her says , "  Graham stated she could have just walked away , but due to her anger , she pushed Johnson with both hands in the back and as a result , he fell face first off the cliff . " Donahoe 's brief takes issue with how the incident was cast in the complaint and accuses the interrogator of twisting her words to fit certain charges . In September , Donahoe said Johnson pinned his wife down during their argument and that when Johnson grabbed Graham 's arm , she jerked it away and shoved him "  all in one motion , the grabbing and pushing . " Graham did not report the incident . She initially told police Johnson had left in a dark vehicle the night of July 7 with unknown friends . On July 11 , according to an affidavit , Graham led a party to a popular spot in the park called "  The Loop , " where Johnson 's body was located and she called authorities . "  Ranger S.P. commented to Graham he thought it was unusual that she had found the body . Graham replied , ` It was a place he wanted to see before he died , ' and ` He would come up here with friends to drive fast when his friends were visiting from out of state , ' " the affidavit states . Five days later , Graham came clean during the FBI interrogation , telling the interrogator that she lied but that Johnson 's death was an accident , according to the defense brief . "  I was afraid that they were n't going to give me a chance to explain things and they were just gon na kind of put me in handcuffs and take me away right there and say that I had committed a crime or that I had planned this to kill somebody , " she said , according to the brief . The affidavit states that Graham texted a friend the night her husband died , saying she was going to talk to Johnson about having "  second thoughts . " Graham texted , "  Oh well , I am about to talk to him . " Her friend responded , "  I 'll pray for you guys . " Graham then replied , "  Dead serious , if u do n't hear from me at all again tonight , something happened , " according to a court document filed in the case . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	Defense : Prosecution said during phone call they have evidence victim was blindfolded Jordan Graham is charged with murder in the death of her husband of eight days Graham accidentally shoved husband off cliff during argument at park , defense says Attorney cites several issues with FBI interrogation of suspect , subsequent report
CNN  -- Ed Nelson , best known for playing a doctor in the 1960s nighttime soap opera "  Peyton Place , " has died at 85 , his family said . Nelson , a New Orleans native , died Saturday at his Greensboro , North Carolina , home from congestive heart failure , daughter-in-law Asta Hansen said.Â Nelson 's acting resume stretches back to 1952 when his job was to play a man waiting in an airport ticket line in a film called "  The Steel Trap . " His last role was in "  Runaway Jury , " a 2003 film starring Dustin Hoffman , John Cusack and Gene Hackman . The five decades between those jobs were filled with hundreds of television and movie roles , including several of Roger Corman 's low-budget B movies in the 1950s -- such as "  Swamp Women " and "  Attack of the Crab Monsters . " The 1960s brought cowboy roles in hit TV series including "  Rawhide , " "  Gunsmoke " and "  Have Gun -- Will Travel . " Nelson is created with 436 episodes of "  Peyton Place , " which starred Ryan O'Neal and Barbara Parkins , starting in 1964 . He was Michael Rossi , the town physician . He also appeared in the TV reunion movies for the show . He continued acting mostly on TV , through the 1990s , including playing several characters on "  Murder , She Wrote " from 1985 to 1995 . Nelson was Gov. Neilson in the 1986 franchise film comedy "  Police Academy 3 : Back in Training . " ` Another World ' villain Charles Keating dies at 72 People we 've lost in 2014 CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Ed Nelson is credited with 436 episodes of "  Peyton Place " starting in 1964 He was in Roger Corman 's B movies "  Swamp Women " and "  Attack of the Crab Monsters " Nelson was Gov. Neilson in the 1986 comedy "  Police Academy 3 : Back in Training " His last role was in "  Runaway Jury , " a 2003 film starring Dustin Hoffman , John Cusack
CNN  -- Two mayors and two state legislators are among 11 public officials arrested in New Jersey as part of a corruption investigation , the U.S. attorney 's office in Trenton announced Thursday . Passaic Mayor Samuel Rivera is among 11 officials arrested Thursday in a corruption probe . Prosecutors say the state officials accepted cash bribes -- ranging from $ 1,500 to $ 17,500 at a time -- from insurance brokerage and roofing companies and in return awarded the companies with public contracts . "  To those officials engaged in corruption or thinking about corruption , I will want to tell you you need to think again , " said FBI Special Agent in Charge Weysan Dun during a news conference Thursday . "  Those who think they can abuse the positions of trust they 've been put into to line their own pockets need to think again , " he said . "  Those who think they have found some clever way to conceal a bribe or believe that the nature of their bribe is insignificant need to think again . There is no safe haven for public corruption , " Dun said . State Assemblymen Mims Hackett Jr. and Alfred E. Steele -- both Democrats -- and Passaic Mayor Samuel Rivera are among those arrested . Steele also is undersheriff in Passaic County , just outside Newark . Hackett is also mayor of Orange . Watch who is involved " Also arrested were Keith O. Reid , the chief of staff to the Newark City Council president ; Passaic Councilman Marcellus Jackson ; and former Passaic Councilman Jonathan Soto . Five current and former school board members in Pleasantville , just outside Atlantic City , were arrested : Jayson G. Adams , James T. McCormick , James A. Pressley , Rafael Velez and Maurice Callaway , who also is on the City Council . A private citizen , Louis Mister , was caught in the sting as well , officials said . "  In most cases , the defendants sought to establish and perpetuate a corrupt relationship with the cooperating witnesses to continue receiving bribes , " a statement from the U.S. attorney 's office alleged . Steele , Hackett and Rivera are charged with accepting bribes totaling $ 15,500 , $ 5,000 and $ 5,000 , respectively , for arranging insurance brokerage contracts in New Jersey . Steele was also allegedly promised a 15 percent cut of the insurance brokerage business , Hackett an additional $ 25,000 payment and Rivera a $ 50,000 payment to an offshore bank account . If convicted , they could be sentenced to up to 20 years in federal prison . Steele 's and Hackett 's offices declined to comment after the arrests . The Newark City Council president 's office issued a "  no comment " in response to Reid 's arrest . According to the criminal complaints against the officials , the FBI set up a phony company to persuade the suspects to do business with them . Covert recordings were apparently an integral part of the investigation , as the criminal complaints quote or paraphrase each official -- some at length -- about what they were willing to do to help the fake company , what they expected in return and the importance of keeping the arrangements hush . For instance , Reid allegedly coached a cooperating witness on how to surreptitiously accept bribes , warning him not to "  let a lot of people in the kitchen " and adding , "  You need a buffer or something , " according to the criminal complaint . The complaint against Soto states the councilman often spoke in code when talking to cooperating witnesses in the case , once sending a text message in November 2006 about an anticipated bribe : "  Any word on that cake ? " The following month , Soto allegedly sent a text message to another cooperating witness , saying "  Will need that green broccoli for the 1st entree , " according to the complaint . Rivera allegedly was more overt , according to the complaint against the Passaic mayor . He often boasted of how he could snare council votes "  easy , easy , easy , " the complaint says . The complaint also states that when a "  key employee " of the city questioned him about the phony company 's presentation , Rivera allegedly warned him , "  I make the -LSB- expletive -RSB- decision , and the council . And believe me , I 've got the four -LSB- expletive -RSB- votes on the council . So let 's stop -LSB- expletive -RSB- , and let 's get this thing rolling . " The probe began in mid-2006 , "  amid evidence of corruption in the Pleasantville School District , " according to the statement . "  In response , the FBI established an undercover insurance brokerage company purporting to employ the government 's two cooperating witnesses and undercover agents , " according to the U.S. attorney 's office . Pleasantville school board members allegedly accepted thousands of dollars in bribes from the cooperating witnesses , the release stated . The Pleasantville school board members also referred undercover agents to public officials in northern New Jersey , who accepted bribes as well , according to the release . The northern New Jersey officials referred the undercover agents to "  still other corrupt public officials , " the news release stated . E-mail to a friend	Official sent text messages about "  cake , " "  green broccoli , " complaint says U.S. attorney 's office says officials accepted bribes of up to $ 17,500 Officials allegedly accepted bribes from insurance , roofing companies Two state legislators , Passaic mayor among those arrested
London  CNN  -- South African double-amputee sprinter Oscar Pistorius , who made headlines at the Olympics , set a world record on Saturday in London in defense of the first of his three Paralympic titles . On day three of the Games , he ran 21.30 in men 's 200m-T44 title in the first round Saturday evening , easily besting other racers in his heat . The paralympic movement classifies events , using terms like T44 , to group competitors based on their disability . His biggest threats in Sunday 's gold-medal final will include Brazilian Alan Fonteles Cardoso Oliveira , American sprinter Blake Leeper and South Africa 's Arnu Fourie , based on their qualifying times . Pistorius , who uses carbon fiber prosthetic blades , made it to the semifinals of the individual 400-meter and the 400-meter relay final at the Olympics last month , running against able-bodied athletes . In the Paralympics , which are the also being held in London , Pistorius is also competing in the men 's 100-meter-T44  set for next Wednesday and Thursday  and the 400-meter-T44  happening Friday and Saturday  , both of which he won in Beijing four years ago . He 's also part of South Africa 's 4 X 100-meter T42/T46 relay team , which is scheduled to race Wednesday . The thin line : Paralympic classification Competition was intense Saturday in Paralympic competitions in and around Great Britain 's capital , with 49 gold medals on the line across seven sports , including athletics , track cycling , swimming and equestrian . Britain 's Richard Whitehead sprinted to victory earlier Saturday in the men 's 200m - T42 , setting a new world record in the process and shedding tears of joy at the finish . Team USA 's Shaquille Vance took the silver medal . There was also drama in the velodrome Saturday . Britain 's Neil Fachie , piloted by Barney Storey , smashed the world record to earn gold in the men 's individual B 1-kilometer time trial , an event on a tandem bicycle for the visually impaired . There was bitter disappointment , though , for the cyclist whose record he took . World champion and fellow Briton Anthony Kappes , piloted by Craig Maclean , had his medal hopes dashed after the chain on their bike failed twice . Britain 's Sarah Storey , wife of Barney Storey , made it a double gold for the household Saturday with victory in the women 's individual C4-5 500-meter time trial , while U.S. cyclist Jennifer Schuble took silver . The win gave Sarah Storey , who was born without a functioning left hand , her second gold of the Games and an impressive 20 Paralympic medals in total across the swimming and cycling disciplines . She has also competed successfully against able-bodied athletes . Gold medal in the men 's individual C4 cycling pursuit went to Carol-Eduard Novak from Romania , with silver for Jiri Jezek of the Czech Republic . Britain 's Jody Cundy took bronze , a day after he was disqualified for a false start in the time trial . Australian world champion Michael Gallagher won the men 's individual C5 pursuit , holding Britain 's Jon-Allan Butterworth , a military veteran who lost an arm to a rocket attack in Iraq five years ago , to second place . China 's Yin He set a world record in the women 's C1-2-3 500-meter time trial to take gold . There is a tense wait ahead for Team USA 's 17-year-old Victoria Arlen , who earlier this week was ruled ineligible to swim at the Games by the International Paralympic Committee . Arlen 's appeal against the ruling was upheld Thursday , meaning she could swim in Saturday 's 400-meter freestyle heats -- winning hers by a convincing 19-second margin -- but her classification is still subject to review by the IPC . British medal hope Ellie Simmonds , also 17 , won her heat in a time a fraction faster than Arlen , the world record holder . That order held up in the finals , with Simmonds setting a world record in finishing a second ahead of Arlen -- with the two of them both 13 seconds faster than any other competitor . Arlen 's classification problems came after fellow U.S. Paralympians Justin Zook and Mallory Weggeman were reclassified earlier this week . Arlen , from New Hampshire , was a talented able-bodied swimmer until a neurological disease left her paralyzed in both legs . The complex system of disability classification , which ensures athletes compete against those who are similarly-abled , is considered an essential tool for the Paralympic movement . On the track , the crowd gave a huge reception to Houssein Omar Hassan , who entered the Games on a wild card and is Djibouti 's first Paralympic runner . He finished nearly 7 minutes behind the next slowest competitor in the 1,500-meter race but was applauded for his spirit in finishing . Over at Eton Manor , the first Paralympics-only venue to be built for the Games , the Netherlands ' wheelchair tennis star Esther Vergeer is looking to extend her decade-long dominance of the sport . Vergeer -- who already has five Paralympic wheelchair tennis titles , three in singles , two in doubles -- beat Japan 's Kanako Domori in straight sets in the first round of the women 's singles . The rules for this competition are almost the same as for able-bodied tennis , but the ball is allowed to bounce twice . In another display of dominance , Nigeria took its fifth powerlifting medal of the Games on Saturday , compliments of Esther Oyema in the women 's -48 kilograms competition . CNN 's Tom McGowan contributed to this report .	NEW : South Africa 's Oscar Pistorius sets a world record in a 200-meter semifinal heat Several Britons win Paralympic gold , including Richard Whitehead and Sarah Storey China 's Yin He sets a world record and wins gold in a cycling event The UK 's Ellie Simmonds edges out Team USA 's Victoria Arlen in 400-meter freestyle
Tribune Media Services  -- Look out for cancellation penalties . Beware of energy surcharges . And watch for facilities fees . Car rental firms are hemorrhaging money faster than oil leaking from a cracked gasket . No , not on your airline ticket . Not on your hotel folio . You may find these new extras on your next car rental bill . Beleaguered auto rental firms are quietly adding new surcharges designed to lift revenues in a recessionary economy . To get an idea of how absurd it 's becoming meet Jim Swofford . He found a mysterious $ 5 fee on his Hertz bill recently , which a representative described as a cancellation fee . Car rental companies typically do n't charge their customers for cancellations , so Swofford , who frequently rents from Hertz , said he did n't want another car he 'd reserved for later . "  That 'll be $ 25 , " the agent told him . "  So I jokingly said I would not cancel but just be a no-show , " he remembers . "  She said that would result in a $ 50 fee . " Or talk to Eric Hegwer , a photographer from Austin , Texas , who spotted a $ 1 "  energy surcharge " on his Hertz car rental bill recently . "  My previous rentals did n't have one , " he says . I asked Hertz about the two new surcharges . Company spokeswoman Paula Rivera told me the cancellation fee , which was added in December , applied only to prepaid reservations and is meant to "  reimburse Hertz for the paperwork and billing involved with a prepaid reservation . " The fee also covers part of the company 's cost of holding vehicles for prepaid reservations . The energy surcharge , which was added in October , bills all rentals in most states an additional $ 1 a day "  to offset the increasing costs of utilities , bus fuel , oil and grease , " she said . It 's easy to see why car rental companies are taking these steps . The industry is hemorrhaging money faster than oil leaking from a cracked gasket . Hertz lost $ 73 million in the fourth quarter , and competitor Avis lost $ 121 million in the same period . They fared much better than Advantage Rent A Car , which filed for bankruptcy protection in December and whose assets were sold to Hertz for a reported $ 33 million . Every penny counts for the car rental companies . Then again , in this dreadful economy , who is n't counting every cent ? Shocking anecdotes aside , there 's a pattern here , and you do n't have to be an investigative reporter or a conspiracy theory-obsessed columnist to see it . Just read the annual reports issued by one of the publicly traded car rental companies .  Look for the form 10-K and then scroll down to "  Legal Proceedings " for an enlightening read .  They 're littered with lawsuits over fees , surcharges and add-ons that motorists say broadsided them when they rented a car . A representative of the American Car Rental Association , a trade group for the car rental business , says these fees are essential to the industry 's survival . But that does n't give companies a license to surprise their customers . "  The car rental company has an obligation to clearly and concisely explain all fees and charges at the time of rental , " says Robert Barton , the association 's president and chief operating officer for U-Save Car & Truck Rental . How to stay ahead of these extras ? Knowing is half the battle . Here are five of the newer charges that could sideswipe you on your next trip . A fee for something you 've already paid for This is one of the more creative new ways of separating you from your money : charging you twice for the same thing . "  Three times now , with three different companies , they have tried to charge me for gas when I 've returned the car with a full tank and claimed it was an honest mistake , " says Sid Savara , a software engineer in Oahu , Hawaii . "  It leads me to suspect they are just tacking the fee on and most people are n't noticing or complaining about it . " Boston-based author John DiPietro brought his own E-ZPass toll transponder when he rented a car in Massachusetts recently , but Budget billed him for the toll roads anyway . "  We 're still trying to resolve it , " he told me . Now more than ever , it 's important to be on the lookout for duplicate charges on your rental bill . A fee for something that should come with the car Such as tires . Enterprise recently charged one of Edgar Dworsky 's readers a $ 2 "  tire fee . " He edits a Web site called Consumer World , and like me , he hears a lot of horror stories from travelers . What 's a tire fee ? Enterprise told Dworsky it was required by the state of Florida . "  I guess the consumer advice is to order a car without tires next time , " he joked . But other fees ca n't be blamed on the state , including surcharges that cover the cost of oil and grease . It might be interesting to show up at a car rental counter with four tires and a can of Pennzoil , and ask to have those fees waived . You think they would do it ? Yeah , neither do I. Surcharge on surcharges Scott Lerman found a "  privilege fee " on his last car rental in Florida , which applied to rentals picked up within 48 hours of flight arrival . "  Never seen anything like it , " says the Livingston , New Jersey-based freelance publicist .  The fee covers the costs of operating an off-airport location . Other renters have reported seeing a similar surcharge combined with what 's often called a concession recovery fee , which amounts to a surcharge on top of a surcharge . At best , car rental companies are coming up with new and confusing names for their fees . At worst , they 're charging us a fee on top of another fee . Next thing you know , there 'll be a surcharge on a surcharge on top of a surcharge . Do n't laugh -- I 'm sure they 've already thought of it . The stadium tax Fees for new stadiums and concert halls are technically not new , and technically they 're not even controlled by car rental companies . Except that municipalities keep coming up with new ones and car rental companies do n't lobby hard enough to have the fees removed . So rental firms are not completely blameless . Seth Mendelsohn , the president of a food store in Boulder , Colorado , found a $ 4 "  downtown arena " fee on his bill when he visited Kansas City recently . "  Apparently the city is trying to pay for part of the Sprint Center through car rental fees , " he told me . There are dozens -- perhaps hundreds -- of these so-called stadium taxes across the country . And new ones keep popping up . One of the latest is a car rental tax in Gwinnett County , Georgia , to build a stadium for the Atlanta Braves . And just last week , legislators proposed a $ 2 tax to fund commuter rail service in South Florida . Extra driver fees These are n't brand new , but the way in which they 're being enforced has changed recently . When Carol Stevenson and her sister rented a car from Payless in Phoenix , they were asked to pay $ 9 a day more if Stevenson 's sister wanted to drive . "  And that did n't include their insurance waiver , " she remembers . Why charge for an extra driver ? The simple answer : because they can . In the past , car rental agents looked the other way when two drivers showed up to rent the same car . But now , with money tight , they 're applying more pressure to authorize a second driver . If you do n't fork over the money and happen to get into an accident , they warn , you wo n't be covered by their insurance . Of course , that assumes you buy their overpriced collision-damage waiver in the first place . Odds are , your credit card or car insurance offers comparable coverage . Most of these fees can be avoided by pre-paying for your car through one of the "  opaque " travel sites such as Hotwire.com or Priceline.com , or by buying through an online travel agency that guarantees its rates . But car rental companies are trying to find a way to stick it to customers with prepaid vouchers , too . I 'll have more on that in a future column . Where will it end ? Something tells me we 're not there yet . Not even close . Christopher Elliott is the ombudsman for National Geographic Traveler magazine . This column originally appeared on MSNBC.com . You can read more travel tips on his blog , elliott.org or e-mail him at celliott@ngs.org  . © 2009 CHRISTOPHER ELLIOTT DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	Beleaguered car rental firms are quietly adding "  absurd " new surcharges Charges include : "  Cancellation fee , " "  energy surcharge , " "  tire fee , " "  privilege fee " Economy resulted in Hertz losing $ 73 million in Q4 ; Avis lost $ 121 million
CNN  -- Passengers from a United Airlines 787 Dreamliner that made an unscheduled landing in Seattle were expected to resume their journey to Japan on Wednesday morning . Flight 139 from Denver to Tokyo was diverted to Seattle on Tuesday afternoon "  due to an indication of a problem with an oil filter , " United said in a statement to CNN . The aircraft landed normally , said spokeswoman Mary Ryan . The plane 's 210 passengers were asked to stay overnight in Seattle . Coverage from CNN affiliate KIRO The incident comes five months after the FAA and other officials grounded the Dreamliner worldwide due to troubles with its battery system . In April , the FAA ordered all 787 operators to make specific modifications and United has been flying its fleet of six 787s since May 20 . In an apparent show of confidence in the new airliner , United announced Tuesday it was ordering 20 additional Dreamliners -- specifically the 787-10 model , which is a longer version of the plane . Chris Seewald tweeted that he was a passenger on Tuesday 's diverted flight . He said the aircraft 's pilot told passengers that the "  engine was not operating optimally . " Seewald also tweeted a photo that he said showed the Dreamliner dumping fuel before landing in Seattle . Coverage from CNN affiliate KING The 787 Dreamliner began service in the U.S. in 2012 . With a fleet of six , United is the sole domestic operator of the airplane , which boasts high fuel efficiency due to the light-weight carbon-composite materials used in its wings and fuselage . The plane represents a new generation of efficient wide-body , long-range airliners , helping to make it among the world 's most watched aircraft . Airlines worldwide have committed to buy the plane , and hundreds of millions of dollars are riding on Dreamliner 's success . Boeing 's rival Airbus flew a similar airliner -- its highly anticipated A350 XWB -- for the first time on Friday at its facility in Toulouse , France . The entire global fleet of 50 Dreamliners was grounded in January after two battery overheating incidents triggered concerns among safety officials . Among the Dreamliner 's innovative new designs is a battery system that uses new , lighter lithium-ion batteries . Boeing and the Federal Aviation Administration collaborated on a new battery compartment which involved insulating the batteries and putting them in a ventilated armor-plated box to protect the rest of the plane .	United Flight 139 from Denver to Tokyo was diverted to Seattle on Tuesday The unscheduled landing was "  due to an indication of a problem with an oil filter " 787s returned to service this year after battery troubles grounded them for four months The unscheduled landing comes the same day United ordered 20 new Dreamliners
CNN  -- Like so many Americans across the country , I was shocked when I heard of the attacks at the Boston Marathon . A part of me immediately traveled back to when I was cheering runners myself as a student at Wellesley College , the midpoint for the marathon , a time when such dangers as bombings never crossed our minds . Boston is an indelible part in the personal history and identity of those who have lived or attended school in the city . That someone had detonated bombs at an event that symbolized unity in a place known for its rich diversity and as a birthplace of our nation 's freedom was heartbreaking . This last week has seen a whirlwind of fighting in a dramatic manhunt , leaving an entire city on lockdown and lives in danger . I am heartened to hear stories where the human spirit rose above the ugliness and absolute horror facing the community . Law enforcement officers and other first responders risked their lives to help others . Several marathoners ran straight to the hospital to give blood , and doctors rushed to hospitals . A restaurant opened its doors and offered free food to its neighbors while they were stuck in a lockdown . It is these testaments of unity and heroism that make us stronger . Bostonians are coming together and helping each other because , as U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts said , "  When tragedy strikes , we are ... one family . We hurt together , we help each other together . " We have , sadly , seen less than stellar moments in our nation 's response to these attacks . A New Yorker in the Bronx says he was viciously beaten soon after the Boston Marathon -- he was mistaken for "  Arab , " and believes the attack was motivated by the bombings . A mother in Malden , Massachusetts , who was wearing the traditional Islamic head covering , says she was punched in the shoulder by a man shouting anti-Muslim slurs while blaming Muslims for the Boston bombings . While most leaders and media have been measured in their tone , we have seen some jump to conclusions or incite vitriol against their fellow Americans , the most outrageous of which was commentator Erik Rush tweeting , "  Let 's kill them all , " referring to Muslims . He later claimed it was sarcasm but then wrote on a social network site : "  It 's nice to see all the Islamist apologists standing up for those who would waste them in a heartbeat . " As we learn more about the two brothers who are suspected of these horrific crimes , Americans should not let anyone , especially those who seek to instill fear , tear our nation apart . Emotions and frustrations are running high , and as we grapple to make sense of the tragedy , it is critical for all Americans to refrain from scapegoating any group of people or targeting innocent Americans based on their racial , religious and ethnic identity . As Americans , we were all proud of the way most citizens in this tragedy responded . Bystanders , first responders , marathoners and law enforcement rushed to do what they could . These good people came from every faith and background , reflecting the rich diversity that makes our country great . We must remember that the same thing that defined our strength on that day should define our strength in response -- a nation that unites people from every faith , culture and background in a common purpose . We stand taller , braver and united when we stand together . And that is something no criminal should ever be able to take from us . Note : An earlier version of this article incorrectly said Erik Rush was a Fox News contributor . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Farhana Khera .	Farhana Khera loves Boston , went to Wellesley College , halfway point of marathon After bombings , people were united in helping others and came together , she says Khera : Sadly , some American Muslims were targeted after the attacks She says Americans of every faith , culture are united against terror
CNN  -- Rock group R.E.M. debuted a song from its upcoming album Wednesday on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 ° " program . R.E.M. singer Michael Stipe says the band was honored to be involved with the "  Planet in Peril " project . The song "  Until the Day Is Done " also will appear later this month in "  Planet in Peril , " a four-hour CNN documentary that looks at environmental crises around the world . "  With ` Planet in Peril , ' Anderson Cooper and his team have done an amazing job capturing global eco-devastation , " said R.E.M singer Michael Stipe in a news release . "  The images in the film are beautiful , while at the same time heartbreaking and frightening . We are honored to have our song included in this monumental project . " This is n't the first time R.E.M. has worked with Cooper . The band premiered its video "  Bad Day " on the show in 2002 . "  Planet in Peril " executive producer Charlie Moore said the group 's longstanding commitment to environmental causes made them a natural choice for the project . Watch a trailer for "  Planet in Peril " and hear "  Until the Day Is Done " " Moore said they contacted R.E.M. earlier this year to see if the group would be willing to write a song to go with the documentary , and the band happened to be in the studio working on their upcoming album . "  We were able to hear some of the stuff they were doing and this particular song fits perfectly for the project , " Moore said . He said the group , their management and their record label were eager to be involved . "  It 's sort of serendipitous that we were able to work something out with them , " Moore said . "  All the stars were lined up for this to happen , they were in the studio , they were working on a song that fit with the feeling that the pictures portray and they really match up very well . And we like their music , we like their work and are just thrilled that they wanted to be a part of it . " "  Planet in Peril " features CNN anchor Anderson Cooper , chief medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta and "  Animal Planet " host and wildlife biologist Jeff Corwin . The two-part documentary was filmed in 13 countries and focuses on the issues of climate change , deforestation , species loss and overpopulation . CNN will air "  Planet in Peril " on October 23 and 24 at 9 p.m. ET . It also will be broadcast on CNN International . In a message on the R.E.M. 's Web site , the group said it had finished recording songs for the new album , which is scheduled to be released next year . The band also is releasing a live CD/DVD on Tuesday with 22-tracks recorded at a 2005 concert in Dublin , Ireland . E-mail to a friend	R.E.M. song "  Until the Day Is Done " debuts on CNN Song also to be used in documentary "  Planet in Peril " Song will be on R.E.M. 's upcoming album Band releasing live CD/DVD next week
Rome  CNN  -- James Gandolfini probably died of a heart attack , according to the head of a Rome hospital 's emergency department where the actor was taken after falling ill at a hotel in the Italian capital . The body of the actor was transferred to the morgue at the Policlinico Umberto I hospital in Rome early Thursday , where it awaited an autopsy . By law , medical examiners in Italy are required to carry out the postmortem 24 hours after the body 's arrival in the morgue , a hospital spokesman said . Professor Claudio Modini , head of the emergency department where the actor was taken , said he could not be certain of the cause of death until after the autopsy -- but it was "  probably a natural cause of death , myocardial infarction , " or heart attack . Appreciation : James Gandolfini , a pure actor Emergency room doctors had not noted any suspicious factors , such as alcohol , on his medical report , he said . Ambulance staff tried to resuscitate the actor at the hotel , and further efforts were made when he reached the emergency room , Modini said , but Gandolfini was dead when he arrived at the hospital , and "  there was nothing to do . " Though the cause of death is not confirmed , his managers also believe that a heart attack killed the man who portrayed Tony Soprano , a washed-up mob boss prone to keeling over from panic attacks , at age 51 . Before Italian authorities can release Gandolfini 's remains for transport back to the United States , the U.S. Embassy in Rome must issue a death certificate . No one from the embassy or the actor 's family has contacted the morgue yet , morgue spokesman Antonio Spasola said Thursday morning . The U.S. Embassy said it was "  deeply upset " by the news of Gandolfini 's premature death but had not yet received any official confirmation from local authorities . The embassy "  will offer any proper assistance to the family when they request it , " its statement said . Enjoying Italy Hours before he died , Gandolfini told Mario Sesti by phone how much he was looking forward to the next leg of his Italian vacation . He was heading for Taormina in Sicily , a quaint town packed with historical architecture and nestled between lush green hills and the azure waters of the Mediterranean Sea . There , he was to receive an award at a local film festival held before the backdrop of an ancient Roman arena . Sesti , who heads the festival , was eagerly awaiting Gandolfini 's arrival Friday . He was shaken by the news of his death . Sesti will replace the award ceremony with a tribute to Gandolfini 's lifetime achievement . "  He was the American actor who better than anyone else was able to interpret the Italian-American society , with all of its rich contrasts , ambitions , pain , humor , " Sesti said . Opinion : Gandolfini 's gift to television -- and America A medical emergency Michael Kobold , who described himself as a close family friend of Gandolfini , gave more details of his final moments in a news conference Thursday at the Boscolo Exedra Rome Hotel , where the actor was staying . Gandolfini experienced a medical emergency about 10 p.m. Wednesday , he said . His family found him in his room . "  The hotel notified emergency crews who responded , and first aid was administered before Mr. Gandolfini was taken to the hospital , where he died of an apparent heart attack , " he said . "  Our prayers and condolences go out to Mr. Gandolfini 's family and friends . " Kobold said he 'd known the actor from New Jersey for more than a decade and lived with him years ago . "  I consider him like a big brother , " he said , as he appealed for privacy for Gandolfini 's grieving family . The suddenness of Gandolfini 's death struck many people at home and around the world . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie was among them , saying the news was "  an awful shock . " Heart attacks can happen at any age . But usually , first heart attacks do n't strike until the victim is older than 60 . "  This is young to have a heart attack , even when you look at any pre-existing health conditions , " CNN chief medical correspondent Sanjay Gupta said . However , risk factors such as obesity , smoking , lack of exercise and stress can cause them to occur earlier in life , Gupta said . "  He loved his food . He did n't push back from the table , " said journalist Larry King , who spent time with the actor on and off camera . Photos and anecdotes indicate that Gandolfini enjoyed cigars . Though intense outbursts of adrenaline-infused anger were a mainstay of Tony Soprano 's character , he was a far cry from Gandolfini . Jovial , fun , reserved Colleagues described him as funny , kind and gentle . He had a reputation for often being reserved and quiet . He did n't seek publicity , avoiding media coverage , journalists have said . Edie Falco , the actress who played Tony 's wife , Carmela , said Gandolfini was a "  man of tremendous depth and sensitivity , with a kindness and generosity beyond words . " "  I consider myself very lucky to have spent 10 years as his close colleague . My heart goes out to his family , " Falco said in a statement Thursday . "  The love between Tony and Carmela was one of the greatest I 've ever known . " Former CIA chief Leon Panetta , played by Gandolfini in the movie "  Zero Dark Thirty , " also issued a statement about the actor Thursday . "  James Gandolfini was a friend and a great actor . He wrote me after portraying me last year , which was a great thrill and honor . I told him I was glad an Italian played me -- swear words and all . We laughed together at the fact that tough guys can have a heart of gold . He did , and we will miss him . " Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , also mourned the "  Sopranos " actor . "  Yesterday , we lost a talented actor and advocate for our service members . Our thoughts and prayers are with the Gandolfini family , " a statement from the general said Thursday . Tributes poured in on social media , describing Gandolfini as jovial and likable . Actor Mark Ruffalo shared his grief on Twitter : "  Oh Jimmy . It 's a crying shame . You stormed in and out . Your voice like velvet granite . From a whisper to a shout . A comet of a man . " He lit up the room with a big smile Even after his "  Sopranos " fame , he was very down to earth , said iReporter Pat Tantalo , who worked on the set of a 2006 movie Gandolfini starred in . From the mouth of Tony Soprano : Best quotes He lit up the room with a big smile the first time he walked into the production office , Tantalo recalled . "  We instantly connected . He planted his huge mitts on my shoulders and called me a little bull . " Tantalo posted a goodbye tribute on CNN 's iReport website with a photo of Gandolfini 's arm around his shoulder . Both men are smiling ear to ear . They exchanged telephone numbers and spent some of their evenings sitting around together on a deck by a lake smoking cigars and telling stories . "  It was like we had been friends forever , " Tantalo said . IReporter Shana O'Neil met Gandolfini when he was shooting in her office in 1994 . She remembers him as "  Jersey through and through , " a trait he did share with mobster Tony Soprano . But he was so much friendlier , O'Neil said . "  I just always think of him as that guy . " His "  Sopranos " fame , she said , changed nothing about the way she remembers him . Galdolfini left his mark on New Jersey CNN 's Livia Borghese reported from Rome and Ben Brumfield wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Friend Michael Kobold says family found Gandolfini in his room , raised the alarm Head of a Rome hospital 's emergency department : Death likely from "  a natural cause " Gandolfini was dead when he arrived by ambulance at a Rome hospital , official says Medical examiners must conduct an autopsy within 24 hours after the body 's arrival in the morgue
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  Reuters  -- Humble woodcutter Mohammed Sultan Nafeek 's teenage daughter moved to Saudi Arabia to work as a housemaid to support her family after they were displaced by the 2004 tsunami . Now she is on death row , and all he can do is pray . Razeena Mohammad  left  and Mohammad Sultan Nafeek , parents of Rizana Nafeek . Rizana , who was 17 when she started work in Saudi Arabia , was convicted of killing a 4-month-old baby boy in her care just two weeks into her job . Nafeek says the child died accidentally , choking on milk . His daughter was sentenced to beheading in a case rights groups say underlines the vulnerability of many of the 1.5 million Sri Lankans who work abroad -- nearly 400,000 of them in Saudi Arabia alone . "  Our family was suffering hardship , and so our daughter volunteered to go and work abroad to send money home , " Nafeek told Reuters by telephone from his modest home in Mutur in Sri Lanka 's war-torn northeast . After the December 2004 tsunami forced them from their home , the family was displaced again by renewed civil war between the state and separatist Tamil Tiger rebels . Nafeek visited Saudi Arabia with Sri Lanka 's deputy foreign minister this month in a bid to secure clemency and met with relations of the dead child 's parents but came away empty handed . Under Saudi law , a pardon is the gift of the family of the victim , and so far the parents of the dead child have refused to meet either the family or Sri Lankan officials . "  The cops told us : ` Go and pray to Allah . If you can get the forgiveness of the parents , your daughter will be free , ' " he said . "  So I am praying all the time . " "  If we had been able to meet the parents , we are sure they would have been willing to forgive our daughter after seeing our situation . " The Sri Lankan government is investigating the agency that sent Rizana to work abroad when she was technically still a child but remains hopeful she will be pardoned or exonerated . "  I am fairly confident , " said Deputy Foreign Minister Hussein Bhaila . "  We have spoken to tribal leaders of their particular tribe , we have spoken to area officials ... It is they who will now have to speak  to the parents  . " "  His Excellency the President  Mahinda Rajapaksa  has been following this case very keenly . This is an exceptional case because of her tender age , " he added . Rights groups accuse the government of failing to protect its expatriate workers -- one of the main sources of foreign-exchange revenues for the $ 23 billion economy -- with legal aid . They also decry Saudi Arabia 's legal system . "  This case raises many troubling questions about the treatment of children and foreigners in Saudi Arabia 's criminal-justice system , " Human Rights Watch said in a statement issued overnight . "  International law prohibits the death penalty for crimes committed before the age of 18 . " Saudi Arabia executed four Sri Lankans convicted of armed robbery earlier this year , and did not inform Sri Lankan authorities beforehand . Sri Lanka reinstated its own death penalty in 2004 after the murder of a high court judge , but it has been dormant since 1976 . There is no indication any of the dozens of convicted murderers , rapists and drug smugglers on death row in Sri Lanka and effectively serving life prison terms will actually be executed . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Girl convicted of killing baby in her care in Saudi Arabia when she was 17 Nafeek says the child died accidentally , choking on milk Girl 's family displaced by December 2004 tsunami , renewed civil war in Sri Lanka
CNN  -- Amazon is rumored to be making a phone . Citing checks of the company 's supply chain , an analyst at Citigroup has issued a memo saying the phone may cost less than $ 200 and likely will be available in the middle of next year , according to multiple news reports in financial publications . "  With the clear success of the Kindle e-Reader over the past 3 years , and Kindle Fire possibly succeeding in the low-priced tablet market , we view this as the next logical step for Amazon , " the investor 's note said , according to a report in Reuters . The blog AllThingsD says it 's likely the phone would run Google 's Android operating system : "  Mark  Mahaney 's note does n't spell out that the phone will use Google 's Android operating system , but it suggests that will be the case by positing that Amazon will need to pay Microsoft an ` OS royalty ' -- Microsoft has recently been able to extract royalty payments from other Android hardware partners . " Of course , all of this is completely speculative , and based on one report from one analyst . Amazon did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment on Friday morning , and no on knows for sure if the company is working on a phone . But it 's interesting to tech journalists and investors in part because Amazon is creeping further from its roots as an e-commerce website and into new areas of technology , including hardware development . The company 's Kindle e-reader has been a hit for years , and Amazon this week put its new tablet , the Kindle Fire , on the market for $ 200 . Reviewers say the Kindle Fire is n't amazing -- not as functional as the iPad -- but they 're generally impressed with it given its much-lower price . The Apple iPad sells for $ 500 to $ 830 . The Amazon phone would cost the company $ 150 to $ 170 to make , and Amazon -- always one to offer low prices , even when it loses money on a sale -- likely would offer the phone for close to that price , Peter Kafka writes at AllThingsD . Still , all of this buzz about an Amazon phone raises a larger question : Would you want to buy it ? This is completely anecdotal , but when Mike Elgan , a Silicon Valley tech columnist , asked this question of his followers on Google + he got back plenty of "  no 's . " Some of the responses from his followers : "  I do n't even know how well their tablet works , much less an OS for the phone . " " -1 . " "  No . " "  Something that belongs on + The Onion news network : " "  Amazon is going in the wrong direction . " Others were more enthusiastic , if the price is right . "  $ 150 with no contract required would be an awesome deal , especially for the 40 % or so of people that do n't have a smart phone . my father in law wants an iPhone but not the data plan fee . "	CitiGroup analyst : Amazon is working on a phone The phone will be released in 2012 , the analyst says CNN has not confirmed the news and Amazon has not commented
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Did a Russian fire the missile that downed Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 ? That depends on who you ask . A top Ukrainian official says he has no doubt . Vitaly Nayda , Ukraine 's director of informational security , told CNN the person who shot down the flight was "  absolutely " a Russian . "  A Russian-trained , well-equipped , well-educated officer ... pushed that button deliberately , " he said . "  We taped conversations " between a Russian officer and his office in Moscow , Nayda said . "  We know for sure that several minutes before the missile was launched , there was a report " to a Russian officer that the plane was coming , he said . "  They knew the plane was coming with constant speed , in constant direction , " and should have known it was not a fighter jet but "  a big civilian plane , " he said . U.S. officials say pro-Russian rebels were responsible for shooting down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 , but they now believe it 's likely the rebels did n't know the plane was a commercial airliner when they opened fire , U.S. intelligence officials said Tuesday . The officials have determined that Russia bears some responsibility for the incident because of its support for the rebels , but they have n't been able to determine exactly who fired the missile , whether Russian military were at the site or whether the Russians were directly responsible for launching the missile . Moscow has denied claims that it pulled the trigger . And Russian Army Lt. Gen. Andrei Kartapolov suggested a Ukrainian jet fighter may have shot the plane down . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko rejected that in an exclusive interview with CNN , saying that all Ukrainian aircraft were on the ground at the time . Vitaly Churkin , Russia 's ambassador to the United Nations , was asked Monday about different intercepted recordings , purportedly of pro-Russian rebels talking about shooting down a plane . Churkin suggested that if they did , it was an accident . "  According to them , the people from the east were saying that they shot down a military jet , " he said . "  If they think they shot down a military jet , it was confusion . If it was confusion , it was not an act of terrorism . " Pro-Russian rebels have repeatedly denied responsibility for the attack . At crash site , an eerie calm Now that rebels have handed over the black boxes and the bodies of victims killed when Flight 17 went down , the crash site in eastern Ukraine was eerily quiet on Tuesday , a spokesman for observers in the area said . There were no more local emergency workers or teams combing the wreckage -- even though Dutch officials said they were n't sure whether the remains of all the victims had been recovered . "  They had even taken down the tents , " said Michael Buciurkiew , spokesman for the monitoring mission from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe . "  There was no activity whatsoever . ... We had an internal discussion today on whether to say it 's already trending towards a cleanup operation . There 's no active recovery of remains going on right now . " As investigators arrive at the scene , it 's unclear what evidence they 'll find . Before activity died down at the site , Buciurkiew said , observers saw emergency workers moving around wreckage . "  Major pieces of the fuselage have been moved , " he said . At one point , he said , observers witnessed teams at the scene "  taking out diesel-powered saws and sawing quite invasively into the cockpit . " Dutch PM : Identifying bodies could take months A train carrying the remains of crash victims arrived in Kharkiv , Ukraine , on Tuesday . Investigators were going through the train cars and transferring bodies to a factory , where a facility was set up to transfer them to coffins and get them on a military plane to the Netherlands for forensic investigation . But officials offered conflicting reports about how many bodies were on the train , with a top Dutch official expressing concern that the remains of more victims could still be at the crash site . Malaysian official Mohd Sakri , who traveled on the train with the remains , said there were 282 corpses and 87 body parts aboard -- the same tally Ukrainian officials earlier gave to describe the remains recovered from the crash site . But Dutch investigators only confirmed there were at least 200 bodies transported from the crash site , Jan Tuinder , head of the Dutch delegation , told reporters . Another Dutch official said investigators were still going through the train cars and it was possible all the crash victims were on the train . There were 298 people aboard the plane when it crashed . Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte said he expects the first plane carrying the remains to arrive Wednesday in Eindhoven . As soon as the remains are identified , families of the victims will be informed . In some cases , that could happen quickly , Rutte said , but in other cases , identification could take weeks or even months . Frans Timmermans , the Dutch foreign minister , said bringing the victims ' remains home is his country 's top priority . "  To my dying day , I will not understand that it took so much time for the rescue workers to be allowed to do their difficult jobs , " he told the U.N. Security Council on Monday , "  and that human remains should be used in a political game . " What 's next in the investigation ? Ukrainian rebels handed over the so-called black boxes Tuesday after what Malaysian officials said were repeated attempts to negotiate with the rebels . "  In recent days , we have been working behind the scenes to establish contact with those in charge of the MH17 crash site , " Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said Monday . But the handover is only the beginning . British Prime Minister David Cameron tweeted that Britain agreed to a Dutch request for accident investigators at Farnborough , southwest of London , to retrieve data from the boxes for international analysis . And the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board said one of its experts will help retrieve information from the black boxes . The voice recorder could include audio from the cockpit , which would show whether the pilots knew the plane had been hit , said Mary Schiavo , a CNN aviation analyst and former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation . And the flight data recorders will give investigators information about engine settings , pressurization and electronic communications , among other details , she said . But even the black boxes might not answer the two most pressing questions : who shot down the plane and why . U.S. and other officials have said it appears the plane was shot down by a sophisticated surface-to-air missile in rebel-held territory . Evidence supporting that conclusion includes telephone intercepts and video of a Buk missile launcher traveling into Russia with at least one missile missing . U.S. President Barack Obama , Cameron and others have said the pro-Russian rebels could not have shot down such a high-flying jet without weapons and training from Russia . Obama called on Russia to rein in the rebel fighters , who he said had treated remains poorly and removed evidence from the site . "  What exactly are they trying to hide ? " he said . Russian President Vladimir Putin said Tuesday that his country would use its influence with Ukrainian rebels to push for a full investigation , the Reuters news agency reported . But those assurances did little to stem efforts to crack down on the rebels and their supporters . The European Union 's Foreign Affairs Council agreed Tuesday to establish a new list of entitles and individuals , including some from Russia , to face EU sanctions . Timmermans said the Netherlands would seek sanctions involving various fields , including defense , high technology , the energy sector and financial services . A brawl broke out Tuesday in Ukraine 's parliament , where fighting takes place frequently , as lawmakers voted to increase the number of troops battling pro-Russian rebels . Nikolai Levchenko , who is from the Donetsk region and has been noticed at separatist rallies , accused the government of killing its own people . A nationalist lawmaker then ran up to him . Soon many lawmakers swarmed around them , with some apparently trying to break up the fight . Ukraine opens criminal case The U.S. government has released a map of what it says was the flight 's path and the site from which the missile was fired . It also released images that it said showed a weapons buildup at a Russian training facility near the Ukraine border . As Ukraine ratcheted up accusations that Moscow was involved in downing the plane , it also opened criminal cases against Russia 's defense minister and a Russian businessman , calling both "  accomplices of terrorists . " The Ukrainian Internal Affairs Ministry accused Russian Defense Minister Gen. Sergei Shoigu of helping form "  illegal military groups " in the Donetsk region , where pro-Russian rebels have declared their own government . "  The illegal military groups , which are led by citizens of the Russian Federation , make regular attacks on government institutions and other organizations that have led to multiple human deaths , destruction and other consequences , " the ministry said in a statement . And the ministry accused Russian billionaire Konstantin Malofeev of financing the "  illegal military units . " Russian officials have repeatedly denied involvement in fomenting violence in the region . A June profile on Malofeev by Bloomberg News noted that the "  self-proclaimed head of the unrecognized Donetsk People 's Republic and its rebel army leader have both worked for Malofeev , though the financier denies any role in the unrest . " Earlier this month , Ukraine opened a criminal case against the head of Russia 's Border Service . The ministry 's statement Tuesday contained no specific references to the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 . Who are Ukraine 's pro-Russian rebels ? Ukrainian President : The world must choose sides So much we do n't know -- five unanswered questions Who were the victims ? Should jet have flown over Ukraine ? CNN 's Kyung Lah reported from Kiev ; Josh Levs and Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta ; and CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Holly Yan , Carol Jordan , Pamela Boykoff , Phil Black , Gul Tuysuz , Elizabeth Joseph , Stephanie Halasz , Antonia Mortensen , Barbara Starr and journalist Victoria Butenko contributed to this report .	NEW : It 's unclear how much of a role Russia played , U.S. intelligence says The European Union agrees on a plan for new sanctions to include Russia Ukraine opens criminal cases against Russian defense minister and businessman Dutch official : At least 200 bodies were on the train ; more could be at crash site
CNN  -- Time-lapse videos are usually a stationary affair , shot from a fixed location and angle over an extended period of time . But now , Instagram is letting iPhone users ditch the tripods and take time-lapse videos on the go with its new app , Hyperlapse . The key feature of the free app , released Tuesday , is a stabilization engine that takes advantage of the iPhone 's built-in gyroscope to keep images from shaking . Without the jiggling , Hyperlapse users are free to move around . Take Hyperlapse for a walk or a bike ride and explore your surroundings . Strap your phone to a quadcopter , hold it out the car window , or if you 're feeling old-school , just leave it one spot to watch the world go by . Unlike Instagram , Hyperlapse is more a tool for creating videos than a social sharing app . You do n't need to log in with an Instagram or Facebook account to use Hyperlapse , but there is an option to post clips to the two social networks when you 're done . There are n't filters in the Hyperlapse app , but they can be added through Instagram  although the videos will still need to be cut down to 15 seconds  . Though the videos look professional , the interface is dead simple . Open the app , tap to focus , and start recording . Once you 're done , a slider lets you speed up the video as much as 12 times . Hyperlapse videos can run up to 45 minutes on the iPhone 5 , 10 minutes on the iPhone 4 . This is only Instagram 's second stand-alone app . In July , it released Bolt , a self-destructing photo and video messaging app that is only available in a few countries . Instagram added a 15-second video function a year ago , a direct challenge to Twitter 's Vine feature . Instagram 's parent company Facebook has been more aggressive with pushing out stand-alone apps , including the recent controversial move to spin off messaging . Hyperlapse is only available on the iPhone . The company says limitations in Android 's API will keep it off that platform for the time being .	Hyperlapse is a new iPhone app from Instagram for creating time-lapse videos It uses the iPhone 's gyroscope to stabilize videos Hyperlapse videos can be shot while moving You do not need an Instagram or Facebook account to use the app
This month , the Supreme Court will deliver a hotly anticipated decision on whether for-profit companies should have to comply with the Affordable Care Act 's contraceptive care rule . The companies that appeared before the court in March , Hobby Lobby and Conestoga Wood Specialties , cited religious grounds in objecting to providing female employees birth control without a co-pay . But there 's another issue in this case that , as a physician , I feel merits more attention : the importance and indeed revolutionary nature of the rule . Between 2007 and 2011 , my colleagues and I conducted a study that shows that improving access to contraception promises to reduce our nation 's unintended pregnancy and abortion rates dramatically . It is n't hard to understand why . Birth control lets women determine whether and when to have children . But that 's not all . Women also need contraceptive care for other medical reasons , such as preventing ovarian or uterine cancer and regulating painful periods . There 's a reason why the Affordable Care Act includes contraceptive care at no cost to the individual -- it 's basic health care . We also know that cost is a factor in what contraception women use . Nearly one-third of women say they would change their contraception method if cost were not an issue . So what happens when cost is no longer an issue ? That 's what we tested during the Contraceptive CHOICE Project . During this long-term study , we offered more than 9,000 women the reversible contraceptive method of their choice while at the same time improving their knowledge of contraceptive methods and eliminating the most common barriers women face : cost and access . The results demonstrated the extraordinary promise of giving women the tools they need to control their reproductive lives . Three quarters of women chose the most effective methods of contraception : intrauterine devices and implants . This figure radically differs from the contraception chosen by women in the current landscape . Far fewer women in the general population use these methods , in large part because they are expensive . Our study suggests that when we remove cost barriers and improve education and access , as would be the case with full implementation of the contraceptive rule , we have the potential to make an astounding impact on the public health of women in our country . Would n't it be great if an unintended consequence of this mandate was a reduction in the number of unintended pregnancies and the need for abortions ? Meeting the contraceptive needs of women will never be achieved when all methods of birth control are not equally accessible to every woman .	Colleen McNicholas : Court to rule on challenge to Obamacare contraception coverage rule Rule could have big impact on unintended pregnancy , abortion rates , McNicholas says Study showed women used better birth control methods when cost not a factor , she says McNicholas : Would n't it be great if mandate 's outcome was a lowering of the abortion rate ?
CNN  -- Johan Friso , the 43-year-old Dutch prince who was injured in an avalanche at an Austrian ski resort last week , has suffered brain damage , his doctor said Friday . "  After the latest neurological test we conducted yesterday it became clear that the lack of oxygen  to  the brain of the patient caused massive damage , " Dr. Wolfgang Koller told CNN affiliate SBS NL . "  Fifty minutes of reanimation is a very long time . One could also say too long , " he added . "  Our hope was that the relatively moderate level of hypothermia might have protected the brain somewhat . Unfortunately this was not the case . " Friso , a son of Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands , had been airlifted to hospital in Innsbruck after the incident . He was skiing outside the bounds of the ski resort with friends at the resort of Lech am Arlberg when he was hit by an avalanche , a spokesman for the state of Vorarlberg said . No one else in the group was injured . The prince was under the snow for a "  short period of time , " the spokesman said . He was wearing an electronic beacon that helped rescuers quickly find him . Lech am Arlberg is in Austria 's Vorarlberg state , a popular skiing area in western Austria . The town 's mayor told the station "  that we have hoped for a miracle . " "  We have hoped that Prince Friso will recover again , " said Mayor Ludwig Muxel . "  There had been similar accidents and people nearly recovered fully . So we hoped that his health conditions would improve . " The region 's avalanche agency reported there was a considerable to great chance of avalanches in Lech last week . It cited new snowfall on top of a packed layer of snow that could cause snow slabs to slide off .	Dutch prince Johan Friso has suffered from brain damage , his doctor says He was injured in an avalanche at an Austrian ski resort last week Friso , a son of Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands , was airlifted to hospital in Innsbruck Lech am Arlberg is in Austria 's Vorarlberg state , a popular skiing area in western Austria
CNN  -- When is a kiss not just a kiss ? When it 's a political undoing . On Monday , a Louisiana newspaper posted a video showing freshman Louisiana Rep. Vance McAllister , a conservative Christian and married father of five , in an extended passionate kiss . In his government office . With someone other than his wife . That someone , congressional staffer Melissa Hixon Peacock , also happens to be married , to a high school pal and campaign donor of McAllister 's , in fact . According to payroll records , says Politico , she started working for McAllister the day after he won his seat . Her husband , Heath Peacock , said McAllister "  has wrecked my life " and that he and his wife are "  headed for divorce . " He also claimed that , by the way , McAllister faked his devotion to religion to win votes . Certainly , it was n't the most strategic of office affairs . Though a recent Quinnipiac poll reported that it is politicians ' abuse of power , more than their  increasingly exposed  extramarital activities , that turns off voters , by hiring a family friend on the taxpayers ' dime and then getting romantic with her at the office , McAllister seems to have accomplished both . But the bigger problem the congressman faces , and what could well lead to his downfall , is hypocrisy . People may forgive romantic indiscretions , but it can be harder to make them -- or potential opponents -- forget religious ones . McAllister , who had no previous political experience , ran on a platform of "  faith and family , " touting his 16-year marriage , five children , and pre-church Sunday breakfasts . He described himself as a "  true conservative " and called on endorsements from family members of A&E 's popular and extremely socially conservative "  Duck Dynasty " -- the men among them known for being anti-gay and , as it happens , anti-adultery . McAllister invited Willie Robertson , the star of the show , to accompany him to the State of the Union address in January . In at least one campaign ad , he asked voters to pray for him . Said Heath Peacock , "  He broke out the religious card and he 's about the most nonreligious person I know . " But it apparently helped ; he won . Meanwhile , who is out of a job ? Melissa Peacock . News reports say that she was "  removed from the payroll " within the 24 hours after their embrace was exposed . While "  there 's no ethics rule that says you ca n't make out with your staffer , " as the National Journal pointed out , House Ethics rules do require members to "  conduct themselves at all times in a manner that reflects creditably on the House , " and it 's possible McAllister will face an ethics investigation . In 2010 , House Speaker John Boehner asked Indiana Rep. Mark Souder to resign after Souder admitted an affair with a staffer in his district office . McAllister has apologized for the indiscretion , sort of , but said he has no plans to resign . In fact , he said , he 'll run for re-election next fall . That 's not exactly an act of contrition ; he seems more sorry he was caught than for damaging the public trust . Though certainly it takes two to tango , as they say -- and we do n't yet know details , including how the relationship started , or even if it has stopped -- it 's clear McAllister has different rules for himself than for others . And that for a guy with scant political experience , he felt plenty comfortable with using his position  and his office  for personal gain . If he runs again , at the very least , he might want to rethink that whole "  faith , family and hard work " message the next time around .	Peggy Drexler : Freshman Rep. Vance McAllister caught in video kissing congressional staffer She says he ran on platform of Christian conservatism , family values . Hypocrisy will hurt him She says meanwhile staffer is out of job , but McAllister not resigning Drexler : A poll says voters think abuse of power worse than infidelity . McAllister guilty of both
MELBOURNE , Australia -- Serbian third seed Novak Djokovic claimed a dramatic triumph at the Australian Open when he defeated unseeded Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 4-6 6-4 6-3 7-6 in Sunday 's final . Sealed with a kiss : Djokovic clutches the trophy after clinching his first Grand Slam triumph in Melbourne . Djokovic 's first Grand Slam victory gave his country its first ` major ' triumph , but he had to battle all the way against surprise package Tsonga who enjoyed the support of the crowd . The 20-year-old Djokovic had not lost a set in six matches including his stunning success against hat-trick chasing holder Roger Federer in the semifinals . But with Muhammad Ali lookalike Tsonga coming out swinging as he did in his straight-sets upset over second seed Rafael Nadal in their last-four clash , that streak came to a sudden end when the Frenchman broke twice to take the opener in 49 minutes . The 20-year-old Djokovic rebounded in the second and third sets and after saving a crucial breakpoint in the fourth , clinched his first major at the 13th attempt . "  You feel the expectations and pressure , so I 'm very happy with the way I dealt with the pressure , " Djokovic said . "  Coming on against a player with nothing to lose -- he was going for the shots and he was very dangerous , especially in the first set -- I was pretty nervous . " He is the youngest player to win the title since Stefan Edberg defeated Mats Wilander in 1985 -- and as well as Tsonga , the Serb also had to overcome cramps . Djokovic got treatment on the back of his left thigh while holding for a 3-2 lead in the fourth set , then fended off a break point while serving at 5-5 . Wanting to finish it off quickly , he raced through the tiebreaker -- with some help from Tsonga , who double-faulted to make it 5-1 and then sent a running forehand long to give his rival four championship points . Djokovic only needed one as Tsonga hit a forehand wide -- and the relief was there for all to see . Djokovic fell on his back , then got up to shake hands with Tsonga and put his arm around the Frenchman . He got on his knees and kissed the court , shook hands with his family , then tossed two rackets into the stands before burying his face in a towel . "  First , before I thank everybody in this world , I want to thank everybody in my box , who 've supported me all the way through , not just these two weeks , all the way in my life , " Djokovic said at the presentation . "  Thank you very much , I love you . "  Second of course Jo . Unbelievable tournament and you should be proud of yourself -- if he won tonight it would be absolutely deserved , so well done for his success . " Djokovic , who has had a hot and cold relationship with the Melbourne Park crowd , won them back over again in his post-match speech . "  I know the crowd wanted him to win more , " he said of Tsonga . "  That 's OK , it 's all right . I still love you guys , do n't worry . "  I 'm very , very happy that I won my first Grand Slam here , so hopefully we 'll see you here on this stage a lot more often in the future . " Tsonga , ranked 38th , was playing his fifth Grand Slam tournament and had never previously gone beyond the fourth round . He was aiming to be the first Frenchman in 80 years to win the Australian title and the first to win any of the four Grand Slams since Yannick Noah 's win at Roland Garros in 1983 . Instead it was Djokovic who made the headlines . "  I am so proud of myself and to be the first Serbian who won the Grand Slam title , " he said . "  I think it will be a crazy house back in Serbia in my country , I love you guys . " E-mail to a friend	Serbian third seed Novak Djokovic claims dramatic triumph at Australian Open Djokovic defeated unseeded Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 4-6 6-4 6-3 7-6 The 20-year-old is youngest winner since 1985 and first Serb to win Slam title
San Diego  CNN  -- Is child obesity a form of child neglect ? Of course not . That 's ridiculous . But , it seems , the ridiculous is now standard operating procedure in the upside down world of the Department of Children and Family Services of Cuyahoga County in Ohio . In a case making headlines around the country , the agency recently decided that a Cleveland third grader should be taken from his mother and placed in foster care . Was this an instance of child abuse ? Apparently not . Was it an urgent situation that required this local government entity to immediately intervene and take the drastic step of separating a family ? It does n't seem so . In fact , county public defender Sam Amata told reporters that his office would challenge the removal because the boy was not in imminent danger . Here 's the alleged abuse : The 8-year-old boy weighed more than 200 pounds , and officials essentially claimed that his mother was to blame for not doing enough to help her son lose weight . So they went into the home and took the child away . Just like that . Department spokeswoman Mary Louise Madigan told the Cleveland Plain Dealer that the boy 's condition constituted "  a form of medical neglect . " Hold on . Constituted to whom ? Who made that determination ? Was it a doctor or a social worker ? The boy reportedly caught the attention of the agency when his mother took him to the hospital last year because he was having trouble breathing . And , once someone determined that this was a case of neglect and not just a health issue , who made the subsequent life-altering decision to remove the child from his home and put him at tender mercies of a foster care system that is notoriously dysfunctional ? The answer to that question is n't clear . From the looks of it , this is precisely the kind of heavy-handed abuse for which social service agencies in communities across the country have become infamous over the past 20 years . Many people claim that child protective services agencies often abuse their authority and act hastily , without respect for families or what 's best for the child . Others defend the agencies , and claim that it 's better they err on the side of caution when dealing with the safety of children . Of course , if there were genuine abuse , then social workers should intervene . So should law enforcement . But that 's not what we 're talking about here . Madigan told the newspaper that her office had worked with the boy 's mother for over a year before deciding to remove him . That 's more than enough time to have detected any abuse , had there been any to detect . The agency claims that the boy 's weight gain stemmed from his home environment , and that his mother was not following doctor 's orders . The mother says otherwise . Undoubtedly there is something wrong here . The boy 's condition is n't normal . And , at the same time , child obesity is a growing problem in this country , fueled as much by inactivity as it is by an unhealthy diet . Kids spend too much time indoors watching television or fiddling with video games when they should be outdoors exercising , running and playing . But since when is a parent totally to blame when a child weighs too much -- or perhaps , in the case of a teenager with an eating disorder , does n't weigh enough ? The issue is more complicated than that . The boy 's mother told the Plain Dealer , "  They are trying to make it seem like I am unfit , like I do n't love my child . Of course I love him . Of course I want him to lose weight . It 's a lifestyle change , and they are trying to make it seem like I am not embracing that . It is very hard , but I am trying . " The people who run these social service agencies always claim that they 're acting in the best interests of the child . Yet , in this case , that could be a tough sell . In the absence of actual abuse , taking a child away from his mother and placing him in foster care is not in anyone 's best interests -- not the child , not the mother and not the rest of society which will have to deal with the emotional fallout for years to come . What will become of this child ? What kind of person will he grow up to be ? Will he be angry and bitter , and how will he express those feelings ? No matter what is causing the boy 's weight gain , the problem could get worse and not better with the stress that the agency is putting him through . The emotional effect on the boy is something at which lawyers for the mother are looking as they fight to get the boy back home . Others say that county officials overreacted in seizing the boy , and now they 're overreaching in trying to justify their actions . "  I think we would concede that some intervention is appropriate , " said Amata . "  But what risk became imminent ? When did it become an immediate problem ? " This boy needs help , and so does the mother . But they also need each other , and a government agency should n't be standing between them . The county social workers may not be able to help this child overcome his weight problem . But they can make it easier for others to help him by doing the right thing and immediately reuniting this family . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	A 200-pound boy who is 8 years old was taken away from his mother in Ohio Authorities said the mother was failing to control her son 's weight Ruben Navarrette says taking the child away went too far He says there are other ways to address problem short of breaking up a family
CNN  Vatican City is accustomed to welcoming millions of visitors to its grounds each year , but Thursday a very special tour group got a look inside . Approximately 150 homeless people were divided into three groups and ushered through the Petriano entrance next to St. Peter 's Square , according to Vatican paper L'Osservatore Romano . "  The poor , who usually see only the steps outside the colonnade of St. Peter 's Square , will also have a chance to enjoy the Vatican 's artistic patrimony , " the paper wrote . The Office of Papal Charities arranged the special visit , which included a visit to the Vatican Museums and the Sistine Chapel . Other stops included the Domus Sanctae Marthae , behind St. Peter 's Basilica , through the piazzale della Zecca , the main path of the Gardens and the Cancello di Gregogio . The paper said the visit would be led by Archbishop Konrad Krajewski , who heads the department "  charged with exercising charity to the poor in the name of the Holy Spirit . "	Approximately 150 homeless people invited to tour Vatican City The visit , organized by Office of Papal Charities , includes stops to museums , Sistine Chapel
CNN  Cleveland 's mayor apologized Monday for the city 's "  poor use of words and our insensitivity " in the Tamir Rice case . Mayor Frank Jackson told reporters the city was apologizing to the Rice family and the people of Cleveland for the wording of a legal filing last week , which said the death of Tamir , a 12-year-old who was shot by police in November , was the sixth-grader 's own fault . "  We did something that ... is hurtful to the family , that is disrespectful to them and the victim as well as the city of Cleveland , " he said . The wording in the legal filing , Jackson said , was standard language used in legal defense , and the insensitivity "  was not intended . " But now , he said , the city will be rewording its filing -- a decision he pushed for as soon as he found out about it . "  What I care about right now is that the family of Tamir Rice and the people of the city of Cleveland understand and realize that we are sorry for what we have done and that we apologize to them , " Jackson said . Benjamin Crump , an attorney for the Rice family , said the mayor 's apology did n't go far enough . "  I do n't want him just to apologize for the poor word use and the grammatical phrases , " Crump told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " on Monday . "  I want him to apologize for the death of this 12-year-old child , one of his citizens , at the hands of what we believe were police officers who were improperly trained . " Cleveland Police Officer Timothy Loehmann fired the fatal shots at Tamir in November within two seconds of arriving outside a recreation center where the 12-year-old was playing with a pellet gun . "  They never even gave him a chance , " Tamir 's mother , Samaria Rice , told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " The whole world has seen the same video like I 've seen , and I 'm sure the whole world is saying , ` You guys never gave him a chance . ' With that being said , it can never be justified . " Cleveland authorities have repeatedly said that Loehmann mistook Tamir 's fake gun for a real one . Cuyahoga County 's medical examiner has ruled the death a homicide but has issued no determination as to whether the events that caused the boy 's death constitute a crime . In its 41-page response to the family 's lawsuit filed Friday , the city says that Tamir 's injuries "  were directly and proximately caused by the failure of Plaintiffs ' decedent to exercise due care to avoid injury . " The response further says that "  Plaintiffs ' decedent 's injuries , losses , and damages complained of , were directly and proximately caused by the acts of Plaintiffs ' decedent , not this Defendant . " Another attorney for the Rice family has said the city 's response to the lawsuit last week was indicative of well-documented problems within the Cleveland Police Department . "  The Rice family maintains that Tamir was shot and killed unnecessarily by Cleveland police officers , " Rice family co-counsel Walter Madison said in a statement . "  Their tactics that preceded his death and the subsequent victim blaming are examples of the institutionalized behavior that has beset the Cleveland Police Department . The Rice family 's lawsuit seeks to eliminate certain institutional behaviors and practices that have no place in our diverse community . " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Tamir Rice 's mother : "  They never even gave him a chance " A lawyer for Tamir Rice 's family says the mayor 's apology does n't go far enough 12-year-old Rice was shot dead by police in November while playing with a pellet gun
CNN  Reality star Farrah Abraham has nothing to hide , and that includes a lip augmentation procedure gone horribly wrong . The TV personality and adult film actress recently shared photos on Twitter of the procedure 's results , which left her top lip egregiously swollen . "  Girlfriends do n't say I did n't warn ya ! " the former "  Teen Mom " captioned one of the images , throwing in the hashtag " #BOTCHED . " According to TMZ , Abraham underwent a new kind of procedure in which a doctor uses an implant in the lip instead of fillers . Abraham reportedly believes she had an allergic reaction to the anesthetic used . It seems the 23-year-old has maintained a sense of humor about her medical mishap . In another tweet , she joked that her lip injections make her look like Leela from the animated series "  Futurama . "	TV personality Farrah Abraham had a bad lip augmentation procedure She tweeted photos of the painful-looking outcome The reality star has kept a sense of humor about it
CNN  -- Barcelona 's immediate footballing fortunes may be in some doubt , but the Spanish club 's members voted Saturday to approve a proposal aimed at securing its long-term future . Involved in a tense La Liga title race , locked in a Champions League battle with Atletico Madrid , facing a transfer ban due to alleged irregularities involving the signing of youth players , plus a tax investigation over the murky deal to buy Neymar -- it has been a testing season for the Catalan outfit . And the reaction has been one of defiance . Before Saturday 's 3-1 win at home to Real Betis , a big flag in the Camp Nou stated "  Do n't touch La Masia " -- a response to FIFA 's punishment for infringing transfer rules relating to players under the age of 18 . Barca 's famed academy has produced a conveyor belt of talent , but the "  Espai Barcai " proposal is deemed to be just as important to the team 's continued success . Some 118,000 members were called to vote after the Betis match in the club 's first referendum since 1950 , when it was decided to leave the Corts stadium and build a new one -- the Camp Nou . The turnout was not quite that high -- just under a third of the total . More than 27,000 members approved plans for a $ 725 million revamp that will extend the ground 's capacity to 105,000 people and develop the surrounding areas . Just over 9,500 voted against . The project is due to start in 2017 and be completed four years later , including the creation of a 12,000-capacity multi-sports pavilion and 5,000 new parking spaces . "  The members were voting for the future of this club , " said president Josep Maria Bartomeu , who was appointed after Sandro Rosell stood down in the wake of the Neymar revelations -- the club later paid an extra $ 18.5 million in taxes after being hit with fraud charges . "  Days like today are when the world sees what FC Barcelona is and means , " he added . "  The support for the New Espai BarÃ § a proposal has been extraordinary . It 's a huge project that will improve the club for years to come . " Saturday 's win on the pitch kept Barca a point behind Atletico with six games to play , ahead of Wednesday 's second leg of the Champions League quarterfinal at Vicente Calderon , with the score 1-1 . Lionel Messi opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the 15th minute after Alexis Sanchez was tripped by Jordi Figueras , who in the second half diverted Adriano 's pass into his own net . Substitute Ruben Castro immediately reduced the deficit but Messi netted his 25th league goal this season after his 86th-minute penalty was blocked by goalkeeper Adan . Atletico stayed top with a 1-0 win at home to Villarreal thanks to Raul Garcia 's first-half header -- his 16th goal this season . Third-placed Real Madrid remained two points behind Barca following a 4-0 win at Real Sociedad , who stayed sixth . With star player Cristiano Ronaldo injured , record signing Gareth Bale took center stage with an opportunist long-range strike to put Real 2-0 up after Asier Illarramendi 's opener . Pepe then volleyed in from fellow defender Sergio Ramos ' headed pass , while Angel Di Maria sent substitute Alvaro Morata clear to wrap up a comfortable win ahead of the Champions League trip to Borussia Dortmund , with Real holding a 3-0 advantage . In Italy , Inter Milan 's hopes of qualifying for the second-tier Europa League suffered a blow as striker Diego Milito missed a penalty in Saturday 's 2-2 draw at home to struggling Bologna . It meant Walter Mazzarri 's fifth-placed team have not won for the past four Serie A matches . In France , Paris Saint-Germain guaranteed another season in the Champions League with a 3-0 win at home to Reims which put the Ligue 1 titleholder 16 points clear of second-placed Monaco with six games to play . Uruguay striker Edinson Cavani made up for the absence of injured star striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic by opening the scoring just before halftime , while Algerian defender Aissa Mandi netted two own-goals after the break .	Barcelona 's members approve plan for $ 725M redevelopment of Camp Nou stadium Club 's first referendum since 1950 follows team 's 3-1 victory at home to Real Betis Results leaves second-placed Barca a point behind Champions League opponent Atletico Madrid Both Madrid clubs win on Saturday to keep La Liga title race in the balance
Parenting.com  -- We 've got tricks for turning objects around the house -- like baby food jars and cardboard tubes -- into easy Halloween crafts . Terrifying tube monsters  Watch how to make this craft ! You 'll need : Paper-towel tubes , craft paint , buttons , straws , pom-poms , stickers , feathers , golf tees , rickrack , construction paper 1 . Cut the tubes to desired height and paint . 2 . Create faces by adding buttons . 3 . Glue straws topped with pom-poms to create the monsters ' antennae . 4 . Decorate with stickers , feathers , golf tees , rickrack , and construction paper . Make it easy by pre-cutting construction paper eyes , mustaches and mouths , and let your tot glue them herself ! Chilling spider web  Watch how to make this craft ! You 'll need : Embroidery hoop , white string , 2 yards , plastic spiders , colored pom-poms 1 . Wrap white string around an embroidery hoop , overlapping in a crisscross pattern as you go . Glue string ends to the hoop . 2 . Glue two pom-poms to each plastic spider , and attach them to the web . 3 . Add a string to the hoop and hang . Parenting.com : Easy no-carve pumpkin ideas Spooky paper spider piñata  Watch how to make this craft ! You 'll need : Black paper lantern , black tissue paper , black crepe-paper roll , white and orange card stock , buttons , floral wire 1 . Fill black paper lantern with small treats , and tape black tissue paper over the top and bottom holes . 2 . Cut 16 strips of crepe paper , each 20 inches long . 3 . Sandwich an 18-inch piece of floral wire in between two strips of crepe paper , and glue together . Cut eight circles out of the remaining crepe paper . 4 . Glue each crepe circle to an end of each strip to make "  legs . " Next , glue each leg to the spider body . 5 . Cut two large circles out of white card stock , then two smaller circles out of orange card stock . Glue white and orange circles together , then add a black button to each "  eye . " 6 . Attach eyes to spider , add a cord , and hang . For tiny crafters under the age of 3 , replace buttons with black pom-poms to create eyes and avoid potential choking hazards . Eerie milk carton haunted house You 'll need : Half-gallon milk or juice carton , newspaper , black , yellow , and white construction paper , pipe cleaner 1 . Cover the carton with newspaper . Cut two sheets of black paper into rectangles to make roof , then add scalloped shingles to each side . 2 . Fold a 3-inch strip of paper into a 3-D rectangle to create the chimney . Cut a slit in the center of two opposite chimney sides , then attach to the peak of the roof . 3 . Cut small rectangles out of black paper to make the door and windows . Add smaller yellow rectangles to each window , then add desired colorful accents to the windows and door . 4 . Cut ghost shapes out of white paper , and attach to a pipe cleaner . Place the pipe cleaner in the chimney . Boo baby food jar bats You 'll need : Empty baby-food jars , labels removed , black paint , black construction paper , purple glitter , buttons 1 . Paint jars and lids black . 2 . Cut two identical scalloped wings and two small triangles , or "  bat ears , " out of black paper . 3 . Cover the edge of the wings and triangles with glue , then sprinkle with purple glitter . 4 . Glue two buttons to the front for eyes , wings to the back of the jar , and ears to front of the lid . Parenting.com : Halloween face painting 101 Ghastly recycled-can mummy You 'll need : Empty metal cans  be sure top edges are smooth , not jagged  , cheesecloth , buttons , gummy worms 1 . Cut 3-inch strips of cheesecloth , then glue one end of each to the side of a can . Wrap , secure with glue , and repeat . 2 . Glue on two buttons to create eyes . 3 . Fill can with gummy worms . Ghoulish Trick-or-Treat cans You 'll need : Empty paint cans , wrapping paper , Mod Podge , black construction paper 1 . Measure the height and circumference of the can , then cut a rectangle the size of your can out of wrapping paper . 2 . Paint the can with a thin layer of Mod Podge , and cover the outside of the can with the paper rectangle . 3 . Cut spooky shapes out of black construction paper and glue to front of can , then finish with a coat of Mod Podge . Parenting.com : Kid Halloween costumes seized for lead contamination Creepy paper towel pumpkin garland You 'll need : Paper towel tubes  one paper towel tube makes 11 pumpkins  , orange paint , orange pipe cleaners , green paper , orange rickrack 1 . Cut a paper tube into 1-inch sections , and paint orange . Once dry , make a hole in top and bottom with a hole punch . 2 . Cut pipe cleaners in half , and fold each . Push ends in one hole , leaving a loop at the top . 3 . Once through the second hole , bend open to secure . You 'll have a 1-inch looped "  stem . " 4 . Cut a leaf out of green paper ; glue to the top of each pumpkin . 5 . String rickrack through the pumpkin "  stems " and hang . Wicked witch 's hat bag of treats You 'll need : Black and colored construction paper , ribbon 1 . Trace a 10-inch dinner plate on a piece of black paper . Cut out the circle , and set aside . \ 2 . Cut a semicircle out of a piece of 8 by 10-inch black paper , form into a cone , and secure with glue .  It should be 3 to 4 inches in diameter . 3 . Place the cone in the center of the larger circle and trace . Then cut "  tabs " in traced circle . 4 . Glue cone over traced circle , and bend "  tabs " inward . Decorate with colored paper . Attach a 12-inch piece of ribbon to each side . Eek jar-o ' - lanterns You 'll need : Canning jars , acrylic craft paint , Energizer LED battery-powered votive 1 . Paint inside of a jar with colored paint , and paint the lid black .  Paint coating should be translucent enough for light to shine through . 2 . Draw a spooky face with black paint or black marker . 3 . Add a safe LED light to create the spooky glow . Parenting.com : Most inappropriate pumpkins ever Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Use the items you have around the house to make Halloween extra spooky this year Spiders , monsters and pumpkins are easily made with glue , paper and buttons Paper towel tubes transform into scary monsters or a Halloween gourd garland
CNN  -- A Paris court has ordered eBay to pay $ 63 million damages to luxury goods company LVMH for allowing copies of its goods to be sold on the Web auction site . Louis Vuitton took eBay to court for selling a range of fake luxury goods online . The fashion company -- home to brands including Louis Vuitton , Givenchy , Fendi , Emilio Pucci and Marc Jacobs -- complained it had been hurt by the sale of fake products on eBay . Pierre Godet , an adviser to LVMH Chairman and CEO Bernard Arnault , said the court 's decision was "  an answer to a particularly serious question , on whether the Internet is a free-for-all for the most hateful , parasitic practices . " eBay said LVMH was trying to crack down on Internet auctions because it was uncomfortable with its business model , which puts sellers rather than brands in control . "  If counterfeits appear on our site , we take them down swiftly , " eBay spokeswoman Sravanthi Agrawal said . "  But today 's ruling is not about counterfeits . Today 's ruling is about an attempt by LVMH to protect uncompetitive commercial practices at the expense of consumer choice and the livelihood of law-abiding sellers that eBay empowers every day . " She said eBay intended to appeal the ruling . The case pit two pillars of their industries -- one old , one new -- in a country whose courts often challenge Internet companies on matters protected elsewhere by freedom of speech . The ruling faulted eBay for "  guilty negligence " for not doing enough to prevent fake goods from being sold on its site . The court also ruled that eBay was responsible for the "  illicit sale " of perfumes from the LVMH empire , which can be sold only through the brands ' "  selective distribution networks . " The court barred eBay from running ads for the perfume and cosmetic brands or face a fine of $ 79,000 per day . Heather McDonald , partner at law firm Baker Hostetler , said : "  eBay has policies and procedures in place where they will intervene in an action between a buyer and seller if there 's a problem , and they profit directly on the basis of every item that is sold on their Web site . "  This gives them an affirmative obligation to take steps to make sure that illegal goods are n't sold , and they certainly have the ability to do that . "  They have been able to make sure that you ca n't buy a handgun and they have been able to make sure that you can not buy pornography or prescription narcotics or other medicines on eBay . "  They have the ability to do this , they have just chosen not do and to rest the entire burden of policing eBay on the shoulders of the trademark and copyright holders whose rights are being infringed here . "	Paris court orders eBay to pay $ 63 million in damages to luxury group LVMH The group sued eBay over sale of fake luxury goods online Brands affected include Louis Vuitton , Christian Dior , Fendi and Givenchy eBay said LVMH was trying to protect uncompetitive commercial practices
A suicide bomber killed 38 people and wounded dozens more in a town near Baghdad on Wednesday , police said . The attacker detonated explosives near Awakening Council members in al-Madaan , a town roughly 20 kilometers southeast of Baghdad , as they were collecting their monthly paychecks at the council 's headquarters . The Awakening Councils are predominantly made up of Sunni Arab fighters in Iraq who turned against al Qaeda in late 2006 . The U.S.-backed movement is credited as being one of the main factors that contributed to a drop in violence across Iraq . But council members have become targets for jihadists , notably the Sunni extremist group ISIS , which has seized key areas of Iraqi territory this year . The majority of the casualties in the al-Madaan attack were reported to be Awakening Council members . Fifty-six people were wounded in the bombing , police said .	Fifty-six people are wounded by the bombing , police say Most of the victims of the attack are Awakening Council members The councils are mainly consist of Sunni Arab fighters who turned against al Qaeda
CNN  Three and a half decades after calling for homosexuals to be stoned , former Bob Jones University President Bob Jones III has apologized . "  I take personal ownership of this inflammatory rhetoric , " Jones said . "  This reckless statement was made in the heat of a political controversy 35 years ago . " The weekend apology came days after the conservative Christian school in South Carolina received a petition asking for an apology for a statement Jones made to the Associated Press in 1980 at the White House . "  I 'm sure this will be greatly misquoted , " Jones said at the time . "  But it would not be a bad idea to bring the swift justice today that was brought in Israel 's day against murder and rape and homosexuality . I guarantee it would solve the problem post-haste if homosexuals were stoned , if murderers were immediately killed as the Bible commands . " When he made the comments , Jones was part of a group of fundamentalist ministers who went to the White House with 70,000 signatures on a petition opposed to extending provisions of the Civil Rights Act to homosexuals . "  Upon now reading these long-forgotten words , they seem to me as words belonging to a total stranger -- were my name not attached , " Jones said in Saturday 's statement . "  I can not erase them , but wish I could , because they do not represent the belief of my heart or the content of my preaching . " Bob Jones University has long been a center of controversy for its fundamentalist stances . In 1975 , the school adopted rules banning interracial dating . BJU received national attention on the issue in 2000 when George W. Bush , then a presidential candidate , visited the campus . The uproar over the ban prompted the school to drop it . The petition by BJUnity , a group that bills itself as a network "  for lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender , queer , questioning , intersex and straight affirming people affected by fundamentalist Christianity , " garnered more than 1,900 signatures . "  We are grateful that Bob Jones III has taken responsibility for these words ; words that have caused deep harm for many more people than any of us knows , " the group 's website said . "  This means a lot to us because it represents the beginning of a change in the rhetoric and conversation . "	Bob Jones III suggested homosexuals should be stoned in 1980 A petition asking for an apology gathered 1,900 signatures
CNN  -- A private Venezuelan television station openly critical of President Hugo Chavez said Friday it will pay a hefty fine after the country 's highest court ordered that its assets be seized . The supreme court 's announcement , which came down Thursday evening , ordered seizure of the broadcaster 's property and equipment for failure to pay a $ 2.2 million fine levied last year . Globovision is currently fighting the fine in court , and accused the high court of interfering with their appeal process . The station also questioned why the supreme court ordered seizures worth $ 5.7 million , more than double the value of the original fine . The high court 's "  grotesque and despotic " decision forces the station to pay the original fine immediately , before its validity is decided in a lower court , Globovision said . In its statement , the court said the seizure amount was the calculation of twice the original fine , plus the costs of executing the action . Globovision is Venezuela 's last remaining television broadcaster that is openly critical of President Hugo Chavez . The seizure announcement comes days before the electoral campaign officially kicks off . The original fine stems from Globovision 's coverage of a standoff at the Rodeo II prison in June and July . The station violated a law that prohibits stirring anxiety in the public and instigating intolerance for political reasons , officials charged . These are violations under a media responsibility law passed in December . The stated goal of the law is to establish "  social responsibility " in those who provide television , radio and Internet service . The law affects all text , images , sound or context sent or received in Venezuela . Globovision defended its coverage of the prison standoff , which started with a riot that killed at least 22 people and turned into a nearly monthlong standoff between prisoners and national guard troops . But not paying the fine immediately could risk the station being shuttered , Globovision said . "  Globovision is very clear about its responsibility to forge ahead , to stay open and to remain the principal space for criticism and free , independent news , " the station said in a written statement . Chavez loyalist Diosdado Cabello , president of the country 's national assembly , said on his Twitter account that Globovision "  still believes it is above the law and the time to pay arrived today . " Over the years , the government has launched various investigations into Globovision -- looking , for instance , at its reporting about an earthquake before an official report had been issued , and failing to pay about $ 2.3 million in taxes . Station officials have said the charges are politically motivated . In 2010 , the government secured a 25.8 % interest in the broadcaster when it took over two companies , one owning a 20 % stake in Globovision and the other , a 5.8 % stake .	Venezuela 's supreme court orders the seizure of Globovision 's assets The private broadcaster will pay a fine to avoid the action The station says the supreme court is interfering with an appeal to the original fine The government and Globovision have been at odds for years
It 's 7 a.m. in Tanauan , the Philippines , and the church bells are ringing for Sunday mass . It 's May 2014 and I 'm accompanying 11-year-old Jednel and his parents to the weekly service . Jednel is one of the children I have got to know through my work with children 's charity Plan International . When Typhoon Haiyan wreaked havoc across the Philippines in November 2013 , I was deployed to support the team . Jednel lives in a coastal village in Leyte , which was badly destroyed by the tsunami-like waves that followed the storm . Many of the people attending the church service lost family members and friends , many of whom are now buried in the mass grave outside on the main square . When the minister calls for prayers , the air is thick with sorrow . There is a common experience that , as an outsider , I can not fully grasp . Everyone in here has sensed the risk of death . They have been so close to the end , but they have survived . Soon the air fills with a sense of power and energy . When the minister cracks a joke , laughter echoes out through the open doors . Now , having visited the Philippines three times over the past year  in November 2013 , and then May and September , 2014  , I truly believe the disaster recovery has come this far because of the remarkable resilience and spirit of the Filipino people . IMAGES : Before and After , six months on Rush to rebuild When I first arrived in Western Samar in November 2013 , just three weeks after the typhoon , all I could see was piles of debris , reminiscent of apocalyptic destruction . Yet , in the middle of the rubble and burning waste , I could hear the sound of people hammering , already in the process of rebuilding their houses . Women were washing their clothes and hanging it between the few walls that were left of their homes . Children were running around in flip-flops looking for scrap metal and old glasses they could sell to help their families get food . I even heard people singing . A year later and a lot has happened ; Jednel 's school is being rebuilt , he is attending a temporary school , and plays with his friends on the weekend . The rubble and fallen trees have been cleared and the vegetation is lush and green . Shops have reopened and the streets are crowded with cars , bicycles and taxis , while the community is out in full force , selling fruit and sweets . Children can play freely on the beach and they are finally allowed to go swimming in the sea once again . Children among most vulnerable Jednel has grown a great deal since last November . Now he is a confident , relaxed boy who welcomes me to the house of his great grandmother . He says he 's still afraid of storms and bad weather , but the nightmares come more seldom . Plan International 's priority is protecting children who are among those worst affected by a disaster , and among the most vulnerable after . After Haiyan , Plan set up "  Child Friendly Spaces , " providing a safe space for 21,000 children to play , learn and get much-needed emotional support -- while nearly 10,000 parents , children and community members were trained on how to avoid violence , abuse , neglect and exploitation . Over the past year , Plan has helped more than 40,000 children to return to school with its "  Back to School " kits -- including bags , books and pens -- or by rebuilding classrooms , training teachers and supplying school equipment . Although we 've come a long way from the devastating scenes my colleagues and I witnessed a year ago , work still remains . In Tacloban City , one of the areas worst hit by Typhoon Haiyan , Plan 's "  Building Back Better " project is working with the government and community members to help residents build a community that 's better able to withstand the next powerful storm . As for Jednel , he now dreams of becoming a scientist and learning more about typhoons and climate change . We look out towards the calm ocean and I ask him what it 's like to live in the Philippines , where a natural disaster never seems too far away . Jednel replies : "  This is my favorite place . It 's like a freedom , where my family can live and be happy and proud . " For me , hearing his words is testament to the resilience of Jednel , his family and the Filipino community .	Spirit of Filipinos remains strong one year after typhoon made landfall November 8 , 2013 Typhoon Haiyan is one of strongest cyclones ever recorded More than 6,000 people were killed , whole villages swept away by wind , water Storm surges flooded low-lying coastal regions , destroying homes and businesses
CNN  Seven college-age people , some who came to Panama City Beach , Florida , for spring break , were wounded in a late-night shooting , the Bay County Sheriff 's Office said in a press release . Officers met "  complete chaos " when they tried to find out what happened not long after midnight Friday , Sheriff Frank McKeithen told CNN affiliate WMBB when interviewed on the scene . Video showed the streets teeming with young people . Three people with gunshot wounds were found inside a house , one outside the house , one in the median of the road and two on the other side of the road , the sheriff 's office said in a press release . "  We have about 100 witnesses or so that we are trying to separate and interview , " McKeithen told WMBB . "  We have a mess . " The scene was so mixed up that deputies from five adjacent counties and officers from the Florida Highway Patrol and Panama City Beach police were called in to assist . The shooting occurred at a residence on Thomas Drive , the main drag in the beach town . Several of the victims were students from Alabama A&M University who were visiting town for spring break , the sheriff 's office said . They 're between 20 and 22 years of age . During February and March , up to six million young people visit Panama City Beach , which some have been dubbed "  the Spring Break Capital of the World . " The Panhandle town has a resident population of about 12,000 . Some of the young people were shot multiple times . They were taken to area hospitals , where three were listed in critical condition and three in stable condition , the sheriff 's office said . The seventh person was in surgery when the press release was issued and no update on his condition was provided . Authorities arrested David Jarmichael Daniels , 22 , of Mobile , Alabama , on seven counts of attempted murder . A .40 - caliber pistol was found in the backyard of a residence . Officials did not mention a possible motive . The shooting was one of six firearms-related incidents of the night , with four guns seized in drug cases , the sheriff 's office said in a press release . Other details were not provided . On Saturday night , the Panama City Beach City Council held a special meeting to talk about the violence . "  It 's time to stop the bloodshed , " said council member Keith Curry , according to WMBB . "  We 're lucky that we do n't have seven dead people . " "  This is a hostile takeover , an attempt at a hostile takeover , " said Sparky Sparkman , owner of Spinnaker Beach Club . "  And if anyone here does n't think what 's going on out there is hostile , just ride up and down the street . " The council considered banning alcohol on the beach through mid-April , but that measure was voted down , WMBB said . The council approved more funding for extra enforcement on the beach .	Seven young people were wounded in a late-night shooting in Panama City Beach , Florida The large number of spring breakers made the investigation difficult "  It 's time to stop the bloodshed , " a city council member says
Washington  CNN  -- Mitt Romney told Latino business leaders this week in Los Angeles that he is convinced the "  Republican Party is the rightful home of Hispanic Americans , " but added that "  my speech today is n't about my political party . " With good reason . Unable to close ground on President Barack Obama in the polls , the GOP challenger seeks to woo Hispanic American voters but finds himself hindered by the conservative stance he took on immigration policy in order to win the Republican primary campaign . Now , his opposition to Obama 's move this summer to halt deportations of some children of illegal immigrants puts Romney at odds with a majority of Latino voters , especially younger ones in the fastest-growing demographic of the U.S. population . Facing a highly anticipated appearance on Wednesday at the Univision News "  Meet the Candidates " forum in Miami , Romney has struggled to explain his stance on the issue because of the difference between what his party base demands and what most Hispanic Americans want to hear . Opinion : Romney better off as a Latino ? He demonstrated his dilemma in an interview on Monday with Spanish-language Telemundo 's Jose Diaz-Balart . Romney lambasted Obama 's economic policies in making the case for why the Latino electorate that traditionally backs Democrats should vote for him this time . But he sounded uncomfortable when asked if he would continue the administration 's halt in deporting so-called dreamers -- young illegal immigrants brought to America as children who want to study and work in the country where they grew up . Conservatives oppose the Obama program , calling it an amnesty that increases competition for scarce jobs . During the primary campaign , Romney said he opposed the DREAM Act , a Democratic proposal blocked by congressional Republicans , but also called for an unspecified GOP version that has yet to emerge from the party or his campaign . "  I 'm going to make sure that we have a permanent solution to help dreamers , to help these young people who came to this country through no fault of their own , brought here by their parents , " Romney told Diaz-Balart , adding that "  I want them to understand what their permanent status is . And from the very beginning of my administration , I will work to put in place legislation that is -- that deals with the major immigration issues that America faces , including that one . " He repeated his past intention to provide a pathway to permanent residency for those who served in the military , adding he would work with Congress to find a "  reasonable solution . " When Diaz-Balart then asked what happens in a Romney administration to the hundreds of thousands who would benefit from the Obama program , Romney responded : "  Well , I 'm going to put in place an immigration reform proposal that makes sure that they have a solution . " Would that mean dreamers get deported , Diaz - Balart asked , to which Romney replied : "  Well , they 're -- they 're -- they 're not deported immediately today . And -- and that 's not , that has not been the practice . My practice is to make sure these people have a permanent understanding and a solution to this issue . " Weak standing among Hispanic voters To CNN contributor Ana Navarro , a Latina Republican , such equivocation contributes to Romney 's weak standing among Hispanic American voters . The ImpreMedia/Latino Decisions weekly tracking poll reported Monday that Obama held a 68 % -26 % advantage over Romney among Hispanic Americans . "  Romney needs to move beyond his positions during the primary , " Navarro wrote in an online commentary . "  He promised to veto the Dream Act . He should then tell us if and how he plans to confront the predicament these young people face . " In particular , Navarro asked if a President Romney would revoke or let stand Obama 's administrative order providing dreamers with a two-year reprieve from possible deportation , adding : "  A simple yes or no will suffice . " Clarissa Martinez , the director of civic engagement for the National Council of La Raza , agreed that Romney needs to clarify his position to have any chance of making headway with Latino voters . "  The question is what would a Romney administration do ? " Martinez told CNN , adding that Obama can strengthen his position by hammering Romney on the dreamer deportation issue "  because Romney has not come up with a specific position . " According to the ImpreMedia-Latino Decisions poll , immigration is the second-most important issue to Latino voters , behind the economy . With the November vote likely to be decided in nine battleground states considered toss-ups at this point , the Latino demographic could be crucial in some tightly contested races . For example , North Carolina 's 15 electoral votes are up for grabs in a state Obama won by 14,177 votes four years ago . With more than 182,000 eligible Latino voters in the state , according to the Latino Decisions website , the presidential breakdown could play a major role in determining who wins . Gaining traction with Latino voters requires the same kind of campaigning as any other demographic , Martinez said . "  The prescription is not much different , " she said , advocating outreach and building relationships . "  The question is the substance . What are the issues and what are you saying about them ? " For both Romney and Obama , "  answering some of these lingering questions would help the outreach go further , " Martinez said . "  You give voters specificity so they have something to vote for and not just something to vote against . " Can Romney connect with Latino voters ? Immigration advisers Another issue of concern to Latino voters involves Romney 's advisers on immigration , Martinez said , noting concerns about the role that Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach could play in a Romney administration . Kobach , the architect of tough immigration laws in Alabama and Arizona , says he has been advising Romney for years , and the Romney campaign described him as an "  informal adviser . " However , Romney told Univision America Radio on Monday that he had never met with Kobach . "  He may well be part of a policy team , " Romney said . "  I have not met with him yet . And do n't know whether he is or he is not . " In January , Romney expressed gratitude when the conservative Kobach endorsed him for the Republican nomination . "  I 'm so proud to earn Kris 's support , " he said in a statement at the time . "  Kris has been a true leader on securing our borders and stopping the flow of illegal immigration into this country . We need more conservative leaders like Kris willing to stand up for the rule of law . " In another past comment that could draw fire this week , Romney acknowledged at a private fundraiser in May the difficulty Republicans have in winning support from Hispanic American voters . A secretly recorded video of Romney 's remarks shows him saying that "  if the Hispanic voting bloc becomes as committed to the  Democratic Party  as the African America voting bloc , then we are in trouble as a party and I think as a nation . " Share your thoughts on Romney with CNN iReport CNN 's Peter Hamby and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	Mitt Romney faces a challenge in wooing Latino voters Romney backed conservative immigration policies in the GOP primary race President Obama halted deportations of some young illegal immigrants Obama 's move is popular with Latinos , but opposed by conservatives
CNN  Everywhere you look there are two-wheeled drivers waiting ominously for passengers to hop on board . They 're the backbone of public transport in Uganda and the fastest way to get around the capital city , Kampala . The boda boda motorbike taxi is a staple used by all sectors of society . Traditionally , the usual way of catching a ride was to venture into any street corner packed with tens of boda bodas or simply waiting for one to pass by . But now , a new local startup are bringing this classic mode of transport into the technological age by providing the ability to hail a boda boda at the click of a smartphone . "  Bodas are the main thing getting people from A to B , " says Alastair Sussock , co-founder of SafeBoda , "  and we 're trying to professionalize this transportation in the city . " The motorbike taxis have their greatest popularity globally in Uganda , with over 80,000 riding the streets of Kampala , according to Sussex who wants to seize upon the country 's burgeoning young population . Uganda has more than 24 % of the population aged between 10 and 19 years old , according to UNICEF -- and Sussock wants them to get on their bikes . "  Young people use smartphones in Kampala and it 's one of the youngest countries in the world , " he says . For now , the Uber-like startup operates mainly in the northern districts of Kampala , where a click on the SafeBoda app -- in addition to the traditional method of hailing them on the street -- will bring you a Safeboda bike , complete with a uniformed driver in a bright orange jacket , helmet and fully trained in road safety . He 'll even have a helmet for you . Safety has long been a concern for those riding boda bodas as the bikes are a leading cause of death and head injury in Kampala . A study conducted at Mulago National Referral Hospital in Kampala , by researchers at Makerere University , identified approximately 40 % of trauma cases at the hospital to be due to boda-boda accidents . I request a SafeBoda to take me to meet the team in the upmarket area of Kisementi , in Kampala 's central district . As i stand waiting , at least 10 regular boda bodas pass by beeping to get my attention and business . A driver called Richard Lalunga then arrives who I spot clearly in the distance thanks to his bright orange jacket and orange helmets -- one on his head and one on his handlebars . Lalunga has been a boda driver for four years and joined SafeBoda four months ago to learn more about road safety . He explains how he now earns more than ever before due to a loyal customer base stemming from his safe driving . The ride was in fact calmer than those taken with other bodas , and unlike some , as we ride along the congested streets no kerbs were scaled or mounted to avoid the traffic . The name stands - safeboda . The dangers lie in the low use of helmets -- by both drivers and users -- alongside risky driving and poor road safety practices . This makes many fearful of catching a two-wheeled ride but the team at SafeBoda are trying to lure people back on board . They 're reinventing the boda boda reputation to prove they can be safe , as well as fast and economical . "  It 's a market-based approach to road safety , " says Sussock , an economist , who believes that as word spreads about the skills of his drivers , the income -- and safety -- of his drivers will rise and reflect this . "  People in Uganda do n't wear helmets , " says Sussock . "  So how do we get them to wear helmets ? " The answer , is by providing one . Driver training is provided in partnership with the Ugandan Red Cross and takes place for up to three weeks to cover road safety and bike maintenance -- and it seems to be working . Since its inception in November 2014 , the fleet of drivers at SafeBoda has reached 50 , currently occupying four areas towards the north and center of the city . The main need for safe driving is in the congested streets of downtown Kampala where the company plans to expand into next . "  If we train people and make them good and responsible drivers , we 're going to save lives , " says Ricky Rapa Thomson , who manages the drivers . "  But implementing has been a challenge , " he says about the difficulties in changing the mindsets of a population . The team are dreaming big , with plans to expand to 100 by the end of March and 800 by the end of 2015 . "  With over 1,000 drivers we can begin to change the entire boda industry , " says Sussock . More from African Start-Up Read this : Bike tour gives taste of township life Read this : This ` eco stove ' does more than cook your dinner Editor 's Note : Every week , African Start-Up follows entrepreneurs in various countries across the continent to see how they are working to make their business dreams become reality . Follow the show on Twitter .	Ugandan start-up SafeBoda are changing the face of boda-boda motorbike taxis A click of their app brings you a bike complete with a safety trained driver and protective gear
London  CNN  -- So , after a mere half-century , German pharmaceutical firm Gruenenthal has decided to apologize for the devastating effects its drug , thalidomide , had on thousands of babies and their families around the world , myself included . Is this a reason to celebrate ? Is it even a reason for cautious optimism , or is it simply a piece of news management designed to salvage what is left of its corporate reputation ? Gruenenthal 's chief executive , Harald Stock , made the apology Friday as he inaugurated a memorial to those affected in Stolberg , Germany , where the company is based . I was aware of Herr Stock long before his name was flashed around newsrooms all over the world when he made his momentous announcement . Together with others , I 've been campaigning for justice for the global thalidomide community for the past decade . At one point Herr Stock , who replaced Sebastian Wirtz as head of Gruenenthal , agreed to a meeting . We held preliminary discussions , however the process broke down acrimoniously before we ever got to meet Herr Stock after it became clear to all of us that the company had no intention of negotiating a lasting settlement -- one that would have kept them out of the headlines forever and which would have left the Wirtz family with its considerable fortune intact . Personal account : A life shaped by bad medicine So why the apology now ? I think it is not unconnected with successful litigation in Australia that has resulted in a multi-million dollar settlement for a hitherto unrecognized thalidomide survivor , Lynette Rowe . Although the settlement was achieved at the expense of the British and Australian successor company to the distributor of thalidomide , Diageo , Gruenenthal was also named in proceedings . The writing was spray-painted on the wall for Mr Stock and the board of Gruenenthal . We believe the drug had its origins in the Nazi death camps in Poland -- as uncovered by two solicitors working on behalf of survivors of thalidomide . It is also a matter of record that Gruenenthal 's board in the 1950s included a prominent and convicted Nazi war criminal , Otto Ambros . Respected historian and director of The Thalidomide Trust , Dr Martin Johnson , who has himself uncovered much damning evidence against Gruenenthal has said : "  This is a company that has evil written into its DNA . " Earlier this year , Lynette Rowe 's lawyers lodged previously secret Gruenenthal records with an Australian court , revealing that for at least two years before the drug was removed from the market in late 1961 , German medical professionals had told the company 's staff they believed women who had taken thalidomide during pregnancy , had given birth to children with deformities . In the U.S. , concerns were such that it was never approved for use by pregnant women . In March 1961 the board could have sensibly decided to withdraw thalidomide from the market in light of claims of birth defects and nerve damage to people taking it . Instead it decided to carry on regardless -- there was far too much money to be made from peddling its toxic ` wonder drug ' . The battle for financial redress will not end with this apology . In fact , if anything , it will make those still fighting for compensation even more resolute . In Australia there is a class action under way and in Ireland , survivors there are launching their own legal action . We , in the UK , are also continuing to work for a permanent settlement . So my advice to Stock and the Wirtz family is as follows : Admit that the drug was not adequately tested prior to release ; admit that evidence of harmful side-effects was ignored and concealed ; and admit that crucial documents ` went missing ' and were unavailable to prosecutors in Germany in 1970 which would have proved corporate and individual guilt once and for all . Those thalidomiders who are still alive are ageing -- and faster than we should because of our disabilities . To help us live as comfortably and independently as possible costs money . Adaptations , medical costs and personal assistants are not cheap . Thalidomide has deprived us of the lives we should have had and many more of any life at all . I believe that both morally and legally , Gruenenthal has a responsibility to help us and will continue to fight until that happens . The Wirtz family has grown fat on the backs of thousands of families whose lives have been torn apart by a medicine originally marketed as "  totally without harm . " If they really want to make amends , they should put their entire wealth at the disposal of the world 's thalidomide survivors before it 's too late . Britain apologizes to thalidomide victims The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Geoff Adams-Spink .	Geoff Adams-Spink has been campaigning for justice for the global thalidomide community "  The battle for financial redress will not end with this apology , " he says . "  Thalidomide has deprived us of the lives we should have had and many more of any life at all . " He says the company should put their wealth at the disposal of the world 's thalidomide survivors
PEOPLE.com  -- Reese Witherspoon wants to move on after her accident . The actress is not pressing charges against the 84-year-old driver who struck her as she was jogging Wednesday in Santa Monica , Calif. , her rep tells PEOPLE . The actress , 35 , suffered minor injuries and went home to recover , her rep said at the time . The driver , meanwhile , was cited for failing to yield to a pedestrian in a crosswalk . See original article at PEOPLE.com © 2010 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Reese Witherspoon suffered minor injuries and went home to recover The 84-year-old driver struck her as she was jogging Wednesday The driver was cited for failing to yield to a pedestrian in a crosswalk
Two Maryland doctors face murder charges related to abortions performed on late-term fetuses that were viable , authorities said Friday . Steven Brigham and Nicola Riley are in jails in New Jersey and Utah , respectively , awaiting extradition hearings to bring them back to Maryland , police in Elkton , Maryland , said in a news release . The two face identical charges -- five counts each of first-degree murder , five of second-degree murder and one of conspiracy to commit first-degree murder . The cases did not fall into the exceptions for aborted fetuses under Maryland law , Kerwin Miller , the deputy state 's attorney for Cecil County , told CNN . Defense attorney Tom Brown told CNN by e-mail that Brigham "  has fully cooperated with this investigation " and has not "  violated any Maryland laws . " Another lawyer for Brigham , Norman Wilson , declined to comment . Sharon Krevor-Weisbaum , an attorney at a Baltimore-based law firm that is representing Riley , said , "  We believe that the criminal charges are without merit ,  and  we believe it is inappropriate for  Riley  to be held without bond . " The investigation began August 13 , 2010 , when Riley brought a woman into an Elkton hospital due to a "  complication resulting from a medical procedure , " police said . The woman had driven from New Jersey to Maryland for an abortion , investigators later determined . Days later , Elkton police searched the abortion clinic where Brigham and Riley work and found several fetuses "  in a freezer chest . " The fetuses were taken to a medical examiner 's office in Baltimore , according to the news release . The indictment warrant was issued Wednesday , following an investigation . Camden , New Jersey , police took Brigham into custody "  without incident " later that night . The 55-year-old doctor has since been held at the Camden County jail . Riley , 46 , was also detained without incident Wednesday evening by the Unified Police Department in Utah . She is being held at the Salt Lake City jail , ahead of an anticipated extradition hearing , Elkton police said . Miller , who is the chief homicide prosecutor for Cecil County , said more details on the case will not be released until Tuesday .	The doctors were arrested earlier this week in New Jersey and Utah They face five counts of first-degree murder and five of second-degree murder A prosecutor says the charges stem from abortions on viable , late-term fetuses
CNN  -- A human rights group issued a new report detailing the widespread practice of female circumcisions in Iraqi Kurdistan , calling on Kurdish authorities to outlaw it . The 73-page report , released Wednesday by the group Human Rights Watch , cites previous studies estimating the circumcision rate for young women to range from 41 percent in a smaller sample of women up to 80 percent in larger studies . The Kurdish government does not keep statistics on female circumcisions or post-operative medial consequences . Human Rights Watch refers to the circumcisions as "  female genital mutilation . " The procedure involves partial or total removal of the clitoris , and is also known as clitoridectomy . The report describes the pain , fear , and physical and emotional distress that girls experience as they undergo the procedure . Although Islam does not mandate female circumcisions , some girls say it comes from the belief that anything they touch is unclean "  until they go through this painful procedure , " according to the group . Critics say the intent is to oppress women , and to curtail female sexual desire , even if the surgery poses a health risk . The report , entitled " ` They Took Me and Told Me Nothing : ' Female Genital Mutilation in Iraqi Kurdistan , " describes the pain and fear the girls and young women endure as they undergo the procedure , and the physical and emotional distress suffered afterward . It calls on the semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government to ban the practice . "  FGM violates women 's and children 's rights , including their rights to life , health , and bodily integrity , " said Nadya Khalife , Middle East women 's rights researcher at Human Rights Watch . "  It 's time for the regional government to step up to the plate and take concrete actions to eliminate this harmful practice because it simply wo n't go away on its own . " The authors interviewed Baxcha A. , 22-year-old Kurdish married woman , in 2009 . "  I was five , " said Baxcha . "  My mother took us , me and my sister , to a midwife , and I ran away . They -LSB- later -RSB- held me by force and removed a piece of flesh from my body . They opened up my legs , and it was very painful . They put water and then ash on the wound . " The report says the previous regional government in Kurdistan decreed that anyone performing female circumcisions should be arrested and punished , but Human Rights Watch says it found no evidence the law is being enforced . The group acknowledged it wo n't be easy to change long-existing mindsets and traditions . "  Eradicating it in Iraqi Kurdistan will require strong and dedicated leadership on the part of the regional government , including a clear message that FGM will no longer be tolerated , " Khalife said .	Report calls on authorities in Iraqi Kurdistan to ban female circumcision Critics say practice oppresses women Victim describes forcible procedure at age 5 HRW wants "  clear message " against practice
CNN  -- In December , Domenick Iammarino drove the 30 miles or so from his home in Solon , Ohio , to deliver Christmas gifts for his grandchildren . For Danny , Iammarino picked out an athletic top and pants . The teenager loved to ski and lamented to his grandfather the mildness of this winter in Chardon , the unofficial snow capital of Ohio . If only Iammarino could hear Danny 's voice again , see the smile that always slipped from his lips . Instead Iammarino prepared Tuesday to attend a vigil in Danny 's honor . Daniel Parmertor , 16 , was one of three students who died in a shooting at Chardon High School the day before . Russell King Jr. , 17 , was declared brain dead early Tuesday and Demetrius Hewlin died Tuesday morning , his family said in a statement distributed by MetroHealth hospitals in Cleveland . One other student remained hospitalized Tuesday while a fifth victim has been released . Their names have not been released . The students were shot Monday in the school cafeteria . Danny and Russell were waiting for a bus that would have taken them 10 miles down Route 44 to the Auburn Career Center , said Superintendent Maggie Lynch . Danny was taking a class on the Cisco Computer Network . Russell was enrolled in an alternative energy program . Lynch spoke to CNN before it was known that Demetrius had died . Danny learned things like how to combine networks and infrastructure ability . His class even covered computer hacking . Russell 's class built solar panels and windmills . The two began taking classes in August at the career center to augment high school courses . They were among the 368 high school juniors from 11 neighboring school districts . Iammarino 's phone rang at about 9:30 Monday morning . What he heard on the line knocked him back , and he struggled to steady himself . Maybe , he thought , it was one of those school scuffles he always heard about on the news . He 'd worked as a wrestling coach at Beachwood High School for 30 years . Kids , these days , he thought , were different . They needed more discipline . Maybe Danny had been shot in the arm , he thought . But then came the news . Danny 's mother , Dina , works as a nurse at Hillcrest Hospital . She had just finished the 7 to 7 shift and was on her way home when she was told to report to another hospital , MetroHealth Medical Center , nearly 45 minutes away . Danny 's father , Bob , a boiler technician at First Energy , had also just finished an overnight shift . Neither would speak to their middle child again . They were "  torn by the loss , " they said in a brief statement . "  Danny was a bright young boy who had a bright future ahead of him . " Iammarino remembered Danny as an introverted kid . He did n't talk much , but he had a wry sense of humor . Always smiled . Recently , he 'd landed a part-time job at a bowling alley where he maintained the computerized pins . "  He liked repair work , " Iammarino said . By Tuesday afternoon , thousands of people had visited Facebook pages honoring Danny and Russell . Many pledged to wear red , Chardon 's school color , in support of the shooting victims and survivors . "  RIP Danny . Such a beautiful life cut way too short . You will never be forgotten , " one poster to Danny 's memorial page wrote . "  My heart aches for your family . " Parmertor 's funeral is to be held Saturday . Tuesday evening , Chardon residents were scheduled come together for a prayer service at the Church of St. Mary , near Chardon High School . They will remember the three who died . Russell King 's family asked that he be remembered "  for who he was , a strong boy with a big heart . He will be missed by many . He was so full of life and we are honoring his wishes to help others by donating his organs . " Lynch said Russell was more outgoing than Danny and very sociable . He built good rapport with his teachers and classmates and worked well in teams , Lynch said . Kendra Teerman posted a message about Russell , her first cousin , on her Facebook page : "  Apparently the Lord had decided to call you home today . Although I disagree with his decision , there 's nothing I can do to change it . There are no words to express this sudden loss -- I 'm shocked and wishing I was just in a bad dream that I 'm going to wake up from . Life is not fair , you were taken from us far too soon ! " Russell 's tribute page on Facebook mentioned Demetrius , who was then on life support at MetroHealth . The family did not release a statement about his death until Tuesday afternoon . "  We are very saddened by the loss of our son and others in our Chardon community , " they said . "  Demetrius was a happy young man who loved life and his family and friends . We will miss him very much but we are proud that he will be able to help others through organ donation . " Drew Gittins , a Chardon football player , told the Cleveland Plain Dealer that Demetrius worked out often in the school gym . "  He could do squat lifts really good , " Gittins told the newspaper . "  He showed up for a few football workouts , but I remember him having struggles with his grades . " Other students who knew Demetrius said he often sat in the cafeteria with a few of the other shooting victims . Chardon student Evan Erasmus said the shooting suspect , described by students as a withdrawn boy named T.J. Lane , knew his victims . However , prosecutor David Joyce said Tuesday that Lane told authorities that he shot at random . Tuesday , community leaders spoke of healing . Chardon High School was closed for the day . At Auburn Career Center , Lynch opened the doors but brought in grief counselors for students and teachers who needed to talk . And at his home in nearby Solon , Iammarino prepared to attend this evening 's remembrance of a grandson for whom he will never be able to buy Christmas presents again .	The last time Domenick Iammarino saw his grandson was at Christmas Daniel Parmertor loved computers and skiing Russell King Jr. was studying alternative energy Demetrius Hewlin worked out at the gym , Cleveland newspaper reports
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Richard Dawson , the longtime host of "  Family Feud " known for planting kisses on female contestants , has died , his son said in a statement Sunday . He was 79 . "  It is with a very heavy heart that I inform you that my father passed away this evening from complications due to esophageal cancer , " Gary Dawson said in a post on his Facebook page . "  He was surrounded by his family . He was an amazing talent , a loving husband , a great dad , and a doting grandfather . He will be missed but always remembered . " Dawson died Saturday night at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles , his son said . Dawson was the show 's host from its premiere in 1976 until 1985 . He also hosted the show 's 1994-1995 season . Dawson told the Archive of American Television in a 2010 interview that his trademark move started early on in the show 's run , when he saw a woman shaking as she struggled to come up with the name of a green vegetable . "  I said , ` I 'm gon na do something that my mom would do to me whenever I had a problem of any kind . ... And I kissed her on the cheek , and I said , ` That 's for luck . ' And she said , ` Asparagus . ' ... They went on to win , " he said . Always wearing a flower on his lapel , Dawson was also known for his witty banter with the contestants . He said in the Archive of American Television interview that he always tried to be fair and encourage the players . Following an answer , Dawson would yell , "  Survey says ... " as the contestants and television audience waited to see whether their answer appeared on the board . Overheard on CNN.com : Richard Dawson , TV ` Hero ' and smooching game-show host "  The thing that I loved about ` Feud , ' we froze a moment in time for these families that had never occurred before , " he said , adding the show would furnish families with videotapes of the show . "  That 's magic , " he said . Dawson was born November 20 , 1932 , in Gosport , Hampshire , England , as Colin Lionel Emm . When he was 14 , he joined the Merchant Marines for three years before starting his career as a stand-up comedian in London -- changing his name along the way . In the early 1960s , he appeared on television shows including "  Steve Allen " and "  The Dick Van Dyke Show , " but it was his performance as a military prisoner in the film "  King Rat " that led to his role as Cpl. Peter Newkirk , a cockney prisoner of war , on the CBS sitcom "  Hogan 's Heroes , " his son said . It was that role that introduced Dawson to American audiences . The show ran "  six years ... a year longer than Hitler , " Dawson once said , according to his son . Dawson became a regular on the game shows "  Match Game " and "  Match Game PM , " and was hired to host his first game show , "  Masquerade Party , " his son said . In 1976 , however , he was hired as the host of "  Family Feud . " "  At the height of its success , ` Feud ' was both the number-one daytime show and the number-one syndicated television show , becoming one of the most popular game shows ever , " another post on Gary Dawson 's Facebook page said . The game show aired 11 times a week and also aired 20 primetime specials featuring celebrities . Its success made Dawson television 's highest-paid game show host , his son said . Dawson said in the interview it was very important to him "  that I could kiss and touch all people . To say kiss , it sounds crazy , but they 're all people and that 's how I saw them , whether I liked them or did n't like them . " He said he never thought twice about a contestant 's race . "  When I first came here , Petula Clark was on a show with Nat King Cole and he kissed her on the cheek , and 81 stations in the South canceled him . I kissed black women daily and nightly  on "  Family Feud "  for 11 years and the world did n't come to an end , did it ? " Dawson and his first wife , British actress Diana Dors , had divorced in the late 1960s , according to his son . In the Archive of American Television interview , Dawson discussed meeting his second wife , Gretchen Johnson , when she was a contestant on "  Family Feud . " "  I knew there was just something about this young lady and myself , " he said . He asked her afterward if he could call her , he said . At one point , when Johnny Carson was considering retiring as host of "  The Tonight Show , " Dawson was considered as a replacement , and hosted the show for a week , Gary Dawson said . Carson ultimately decided not to retire . Later , Dawson appeared in the film "  The Running Man " with Arnold Schwarzenegger . "  He was loved by millions of Americans as a television icon , but loved even more as a husband , a father and grandfather by his family , " Gary Dawson said . In the Archive of American Television interview , Dawson recalled Schwarzenegger as a nice person , but said he was an "  awful governor . " Dawson is survived by his two sons with Dors , Mark and Gary , along with his wife Gretchen , their daughter Shannon and four grandchildren , Gary Dawson said . Asked in the 2010 interview what he thought of game shows today , Dawson said , "  I do n't find any soul in those shows . I 'm not being noble . " He poked fun at himself , saying , "  What a grouch . He 's turned into a grouch . " On how he would like to be remembered , Dawson said , "  Alive and well . " He then added , " ... that I did care . Probably not as much as I should . It 's easy to duck out of things , but lots of things touch me and I try to help some people ... that I was kind , and I was a nice person . You would n't want to move if you sat next to me on the bus . Or maybe you would . " People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	Richard Dawson was 79 He was known for kissing female contestants when he hosted "  Family Feud " He also played Cpl. Peter Newkirk on "  Hogan 's Heroes "
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Anger over a film that denigrates the Prophet Mohammed spread to Yemen , where four protesters died Thursday during clashes with security forces outside the U.S. Embassy , according to Yemeni security officials . Twenty-four security force members were reported injured , as were 11 protesters , according to Yemen 's Defense Ministry , security officials and eyewitnesses . Protesters and witnesses said one protester was critically injured when police fired on them as they tried to disperse the angry crowd . The protests in Sanaa are the latest to roil the Middle East over the online release of the film produced in the United States . As evening came , the number of protesters dwindled and tensions began to ease , after a day in which demonstrators breached a security wall and stormed the embassy amid escalating anti-American sentiment . No embassy personnel were harmed , U.S. officials said . In Egypt , riot police fired warning shots and tear gas early Thursday outside the U.S. Embassy in Cairo to keep hundreds of protesters back from the compound walls , with minor injuries reported . Protesters also gathered in Tunisia , Morocco , Iran and elsewhere . The clashes follow Tuesday 's attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , that left Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other consular officials dead and has heightened tensions at U.S. diplomatic missions across the region . Six things to know about the attack Thursday morning , several thousand Yemeni protesters gathered outside the U.S. Embassy in Sanaa , with some flooding the security perimeter and penetrating the embassy 's wall , according to a statement released by Yemen through its embassy in Washington condemning the incident . "  Security services have quickly restored order to the embassy 's complex . Fortunately , no casualties were reported from this chaotic incident , " it said . However , after a lull following the breach of the embassy wall , anger appeared to rise again as the day wore on , and security forces began to use more force to try to control the crowd . U.S. increases embassy security worldwide after Libya attack There were fewer than 100 protesters by lunchtime , and tensions had eased , but their numbers rose to several hundred after water cannons were used against the crowd . Security forces were given permission to shoot anyone seen with weapons near the embassy , two Interior Ministry officials told CNN , and gunshots were heard in the area . By evening , the protesters , armed only with sticks and stones picked up from the street , had decreased in number and had been pushed back to about 300 yards from the embassy . The protesters burned tires and an embassy flag , and smashed cars outside the embassy . White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters that all U.S. Embassy personnel were safe and accounted for and that the United States was doing all it could to protect them . The Yemeni government sent additional security personnel , he said . A U.S. official in Yemen , who was not authorized to speak publicly because of the sensitivity of the situation , earlier told CNN : "  Everyone here is OK . " He said there had been no evacuation . Demonstrators said they wanted to express their anger about the obscure movie after hearing of the protests in Libya and Egypt , although it was unclear how many of them have seen the offending video . Yemeni human rights activist Ala'a Jarban , who was not part of the protest but watched events from a nearby rooftop , told CNN he thought what had happened was "  really wrong . " "  There were calls on social media to protest today in front of the embassy , so I expected there might be some violence and clashes , but did n't expect it would be that easy to break into the embassy , " he said . Ambassador 's killing shines light on Muslim sensitivities around Prophet Mohammed "  I 've been there -- it 's one of the most protected places in Yemen . To break in that easily was a shock to me . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton condemned the video Thursday as "  disgusting and reprehensible " but said there was no justification for responding with violence . "  It is especially wrong for violence to be directed against diplomatic missions , " she said . "  These are places whose very purpose is peaceful , to promote better understanding across countries and cultures . " In a statement released through the Yemeni Embassy in Washington , President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi apologized to his U.S. counterpart , Barack Obama , and the American people for the attack on their mission in Sanaa . Hadi ordered Yemeni authorities to "  conduct an expeditious and thorough investigation " and said the protest was the work of a "  rowdy group . " His statement , which spoke of "  warm relations " between his country and the United States , said divisions among Yemeni security and military forces helped create an atmosphere where such disturbances could erupt . Over the past several months , Hadi has sought to restructure Yemeni security forces and remove loyalists to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh from their posts . Saleh was forced from power early this year after mass protests . European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton condemned "  in the strongest terms " the breaching of the perimeter wall and expressed the EU 's "  full solidarity " with the United States . Of the attack , the U.N. Security Council said that "  terrorism in all its forms and manifestations constitutes one of the most serious threats to international peace and security , and that any acts of terrorism are criminal and unjustifiable , regardless of their motivation ... " An emergency message on the website of the U.S. Embassy in Sanaa warns of the possibility of further protests in the coming days , particularly near the embassy , and urges Americans to leave the country . Reaction to anti-Islam film fuels debate on free speech vs. hate speech "  As staffing levels at the Embassy are restricted , our ability to assist U.S. citizens in an emergency remains limited and may be further constrained by the fluid security situation . " David Hartwell of security analysis group IHS Jane 's told CNN the current protests were reminiscent in some ways of the outpouring of anger in 2005 after the publication in Denmark of cartoons seen as disrespectful to Mohammed . The violence also reflects the changed dynamic in the region following the Arab Spring , Hartwell said . "  You 've got populations in all of these countries who are now much more willing to take to the streets and are much more wiling to vocalize their anger in a much more violent way , " he said . "  My guess is that this outpouring of anger will be intense but brief , but I think there is a danger that this anger will spread to perhaps more unpredictable places like Afghanistan and Pakistan . " Staff and crew of film that ridiculed Muslims say they were "  grossly misled " CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom , Elise Labott and Becky Brittain , and journalist Hakim Almasmari in Sanaa contributed to this report .	Four killed in protests , Yemen security officials say White House : All U.S. Embassy personnel are safe and accounted for 24 security force members were injured in the clashes , Yemen 's Defense Ministry says The angry protests are fueled by an online film that insults the Prophet Mohammed
Buena Park , California  CNN  -- A hostage situation in a Southern California bank ended abruptly Thursday when the suspect was shot , police said . Aerial footage showed a person being carried on a stretcher through broken glass that earlier had been the window for a Saehan Bank branch in Buena Park , about 20 miles southeast of Los Angeles . Emergency personnel could be seen attending to a person -- who appeared to be shirtless , bloodied and not moving -- before the person was taken away by ambulance . Around that time , Buena Park police Officer Andy Luong said , "  Shots have been fired ,  and  the suspect is down . " It was not immediately clear what had happened , and the wounded person 's condition also was unknown . Luong described the suspect then as "  still uncooperative . " A short time later , Luong said that "  the hostage is safe " and the alleged kidnapper had been apprehended . Buena Park police said earlier that authorities got 911 calls shortly after 11 a.m.  2 p.m. ET  from customers who saw a man enter the bank with a gun . Bank employees also called police to report the largely silent gunman was walking around the bank , which serves predominantly Korean customers , according to Buena Park police Sgt. Bill Kohanek . A bank employee called 911 early on , helping negotiate the release of about 10 employees , customers and a security guard , police said . Kohanek said that , for a time , authorities were able to communicate with the hostage taker . "  He complied in all but one  case  : He asked the bank manager to remain with him , " the police sergeant said . The armed suspect was described , by police , as a man of Asian descent who was approximately 45 years old . The bank manager was a woman of about the same age . Authorities created a buffer zone between one-quarter and one-half mile of the small storefront bank , which is located in a strip mall next to a dentist 's office . A Buena Park SWAT team was on hand and an FBI team was also ready to act , Kohanek said .	NEW : "  The hostage is safe , " police say Police say an armed man entered a Saehan Bank branch in Buena Park 10 employees , customers got out , leaving the suspect and bank manager Police said shots were fired and "  the suspect is down "
Mashable  -- Cory Booker , the mayor of Newark , New Jersey , saved a woman from a burning house late Thursday night . The mayor is a highly active Twitter user , and commonly uses the social network to find and help Newark residents who are in need . Predictably , the Internet caught onto the story and it took on a life of its own . A new Tumblr blog , SuperCoryBooker is actively creating memes about the mayor . The hashtag #CoryBookerStories , which is giving the Newark mayor the Chuck Norris treatment , is also trending in the United States . Here 's some of our favorites from the hashtag : @StephenSteglik : Corey Booker can win a game of "  Connect Four " with only three moves #CoryBookerStories @SayethSimon : Cory Booker is n't afraid of the dark . The dark is afraid of Cory Booker . #CoryBookerStories @ChloeAngyal : Superheroes dress up as Cory Booker on Halloween #CoryBookerStories @SayethSimon : Ann Romney 's life was filled with struggles , until she met Cory Booker . #CoryBookerStories @jimgeraghty : Billy Joel did n't start the fire . But Cory Booker put it out . #CoryBookerStories @sethdmichaels : The honey badger cares about @CoryBooker . #corybookerstories See the original article on Mashable.com © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The story of Newark Mayor Cory Booker saving a woman has taken a life of its own Booker commonly uses Twitter to help Newark residents who are in need The hashtag #CoryBookerStories has been trending in the United States
CNN  -- Rarely has an animal birth been more hotly anticipated but the equine answer to the Royal Baby has taken its first tentative steps at the home of racing , Newmarket in eastern England . On Sunday , Song produced the first filly to the superstar stallion Frankel at the National Stud , and despite it being just a few days old , the expectation on it to succeed on the racecourse is already huge . An anticipated 130 foals will be born to Frankel in 2014 , none of which will race for two years but with the potential for some sporting sibling rivalry come 2016 at the earliest . Song is owned by Khalid Abdul Rahim , of Bahrain , who paid $ 1.3 million for the mare when she was already in foal to Frankel . Director of The National Stud Brian O'Rourke described the new offspring as "  a very nice quality , athletic individual , " adding that both "  mare and foal are doing well . " There is even footage online of the foal taking some of its first steps in Newmarket . Mother and foal will stay together for at least five months . Frankel earned owner Prince Khalid Abdullah , a Saudi prince , more than $ 4m in prize money during an illustrious racing career , which included a record nine consecutive Group 1 wins and ended with victory in the Champion Stakes at Ascot in October last year . However , Frankel , who went to work in his new role at stud in February last year , is now earning his owners infinitely more with a whopping fee of $ 160,000 for every mare sired and hence earnings of nearly four times his career winnings this year alone . The offspring of 2001 Epsom Derby winner Galileo , Frankel boasts an impressive pedigree , but predicting how Frankel foals may fare is by no means an exact science . Despite the sums paid for the mares and foals in question , she could well prove a flop . Despite that there are high hopes for the filly and Frankel 's first foal , a colt , born just a few days earlier at Coolmore Stud in Ireland to a mare called Chrysanthemum . That colt is valued at Â # 6m and has been quoted as a 100-1 shot to win the 2017 Derby . As for the filly foal in Newmarket , she remains unnamed with suggestions for a possible moniker to the offspring of Frankel and Song , currently including Sinatra or My Way .	Mare Song produces first filly to superstar stallion Frankel Anticipated 130 foals will be born to Frankel in 2014 Song owned by Khalid Abdul Rahim of Bahrain
Hong Kong  CNN  -- If you are one of the few who have n't seen South Korean rapper Psy 's performance of "  Gangnam Style " on YouTube  which , until I wrote these words , included me  , you 're missing not only a piece of power pop , but -- some hope -- a harbinger of things to come for Asian music artists . "  Is this an anomaly or an inevitability ? The feeling has been that sooner or later ,  a music artist  from Asia was going to break into the global sphere , " said Ruuben van den Heuvel , executive director of music and technology consultancy , GateWay Entertainment . Psy became the first South Korean artist to hit number one on the UK music charts , and at the time of this writing was sitting number two for the third week on the U.S. charts . Anticipation is so high , Billboard Magazine launched a "  Psy Watch " online on whether the artist will crack the number one spot . "  I did n't expect this kind of thing , " Psy told CNN recently . "  I made this song , I made this music video and dance moves just for Korea , not worldwide . I did n't expect anything like this : I 'm talking to CNN on the VMA  MTV Video Music Awards  -- crazy ! " As CNN 's Madison Park writes , Psy 's song -- about the wannabe style of the affluent neighborhood of Gangnam in Seoul -- has been sliced and diced with theories about what it means about wealth and class in Korea , and questions about whether Psy embodies the stereotypes about Asian masculinity . The video -- featuring his now famous horsey dance -- has spawned hundreds of parodies and so far has been watched 472 million times and achieved 4.1 million likes -- a record for a YouTube video . One unexpected business bump from Psy 's  also known as Park Jae-sang  has been to his father 's company , Korean semiconductor company D I Corp. . The company 's stock -- which was trading at 1,556 won  US$ 1.40  on July 16 , the day after "  Gangnam Style " was posted on YouTube -- has exploded in value and trading volume in recent weeks , and closed Monday on the Kospi at 13,100 won  $ 11.83  . "  The positive sentiment from ` Gangnam Style ' has attracted investors just because of the fact that the company is owned by Psy 's father and uncle , " Lee Sun-tae , a researcher at NH Investment and Securities , recently told Reuters . But Psy 's success was softened by the growing global popularity of Korean pop music , or K-pop . The music follows on the success J-pop in the 1990s , which found a strong following in Asia but never crossed the Pacific , unable to break through the Western music market . But now K-pop has South Korea punching way above its weight in the global music business . South Korea has seen its global market ranking jump to 11th in the world from 23rd in the past six years , according to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry . Last month , Billboard annual series of top 21 musicians under the age of 21 listed K-pop star IU at 15th on the list which includes heavyweights in the western music business such as Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber . Yet Psy is unlike other K-pop artists , an industry fashioned on youthful looks as well as catchy tunes and dance moves . Psy is a stocky 35-year-old . The fact that his song is largely in Korean would make it an unlikely pick for any western music company as a potential hit . But the force of YouTube and digital downloads is dismantling the old business model for music companies , and Asian artists like Psy are benefiting , analysts say . "  Up to this stage in time , big hit records were driven by the willingness of the record company to get behind the release , " Van den Heuvel says . "  Now there is less of a dependence on this , because the web has presented a level playing field . " "  The question that 's come about -- is he a career artist , or is  ` Gangnam Style '  just the next ` Macarena ' ? " he adds . "  I really , really hope that this guy is going to crack it , because there is nothing more important for the Asian music industry . " The question is not lost on Psy , who is now working with Justin Bieber 's manager to build a career in the west off the back of his hit video . "  The  music video is more famous than I am , " Psy told CNN last month . "  I hate that , you know ? I 've got to be more famous than video . The video is much more popular . So when I say , ` I 'm Psy , ' people say , Psy ? ' And so I say , ` The YouTube video , ' and people go , ` Ahhh ! ' "  So I 'm here to promote myself and say , ` I 'm the guy , I 'm the guy and I 'm the guy ! ' "	Psy became the first South Korean artist to hit number one on the UK music charts Analysts wondering if Psy will open the door for other Asian acts in Western music market Billboard has a "  Psy Watch " page on whether "  Gangman Style " will hit U.S. No. 1 Stock value of company run by Psy 's father has increased 8-fold since the video 's release
CNN  Just days after four Magna Cartas were united for the first time in 800 years at the British Library in London , another ancient version of the document has been discovered by chance in a medieval coastal town in England . Mark Bateson , an archivist in Sandwich , southern England , found the previously unknown version of the Magna Carta -- which established the principle that everybody , including the king , was subject to the law -- after historian Nicholas Vincent had asked him to look for a separate document dealing with a local forest that he was researching . After rummaging through a scrapbook of council archives , Bateson found the Forest Charter , a document issued by King Henry III in 1217 , as well as a tattered page that he thought looked like the Magna Carta . "  He was n't really aware of the fact that they were either rare or that this one was indeed what it purported to be . I think , from his point of view , it was all a bit of a shock , " said Vincent , professor of medieval history at the University of East Anglia . But he says there is no doubt that this is a version of the Magna Carta , or "  The Great Charter , " that was published in 1300 under the reign of King Edward I . The original document was issued by England 's King John in 1215 . The document is badly damaged , with a third of its text and the royal seal of Edward I missing and the back of it firmly stuck down . But despite its deformities , Vincent said it could fetch millions . "  It -LSB- the damage -RSB- probably would interfere with the value of it if someone were foolish enough to sell it , " he said . "  But I think there 's no question of that . "  This one is in nothing like the condition of the one that went for sale in New York -LSB- in 2007 , for $ 21.3 million -RSB- but I would say it 's certainly worth in the millions rather than in the tens and hundreds of thousands . And as a pair , they are all the more desirable . " And other discoveries have been made as well . "  The fact that they -LSB- Magna Carta and Forest Charter -RSB- are both there in Sandwich is particularly interesting because there is no royal forest in Kent . That really tells us something that we really did n't know before about the way that the document was published , " Vincent said . "  And given that this is the most important document in English history , people make such a fuss about it , to find out anything new about it is rather exciting . " This is a hugely significant gain for Sandwich . "  Through the American Declaration of Independence , continuing in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , Magna Carta still underpins individual liberties worldwide , " said the town 's mayor , Paul Graeme . To own such a document , and the Charter of the Forest , is an honor and a great responsibility . " "  What matters is Sandwich now becomes one of a very small number of institutions -- there are only about a dozen -- that own a Magna Carta , " said Vincent . "  There are lots and lots of institutions across the Atlantic and elsewhere in the world that would love to have this document . "	A version of the Magna Carta published in 1300 has apparently been found in an English town The document was discovered by chance in council archives Historian Nicholas Vincent said "  it 's certainly worth in the millions "
German authorities have asked pop star Justin Bieber to hand over nearly $ 8,000 for the costs of caring for the capuchin monkey he left behind in Munich after bringing it on tour without the right paperwork . The bill covers the cost of vaccinations , accommodation and transport for the monkey , known as Mally , which is now being cared for at a zoo in northern Germany . Customs officials posted a public notice of the bill after failing to get a response from Bieber at the address he gave to customs officials , said Martin Brandlhuber , a customs spokesman at Munich 's airport . In light of that , German authorities have followed the applicable laws and made the claim publicly known , he said . Bieber must pay up the next time he comes to Germany or risk being denied entry , Brandlhuber said . If he is unable to pay cash , then customs officials could confiscate other property to meet the claim , Brandlhuber said . Alternatively , Bieber could be denied entry and be required to provide a valid address . The young monkey was taken to a Munich animal shelter after it was confiscated at the end of March as Bieber arrived in Germany on a European tour . Mally was transferred to the Serengeti Park in Hodenhagen , near Hanover , in June after spending several weeks in quarantine . Bieber had until May 7 to present the paperwork to reclaim his pet but failed to do so , zoo spokeswoman Juliane Gunkel said last month . As a result , Mally is now the property of the German government , and the Serengeti Park is acting as the caretaker . The park was picked because it is the only zoo in Germany that has a family of capuchins for Mally to join . Bieber 's representatives declined to comment at the time the animal was confiscated . Justin Bieber 's monkey starts new life in German zoo	German authorities ask Justin Bieber to pay nearly $ 8,000 for the care of his monkey The monkey was seized in March after Bieber brought it on tour without the right paperwork German customs officials have made the bill public after failing to reach Bieber Bieber could be denied entry if he does n't pay before he next comes to Germany -- official
CNN  -- Chelsea have one foot in the Champions League semifinals after fighting back from going a goal down at Anfield to beat Premier League rivals Liverpool 3-1 in their quarterfinal first leg on Wednesday . Chelsea players celebrate Branislav Ivanovic 's equalizer on their way to a stunning win at Anfield . The London side knocked Liverpool out of the competition at the last four stage last year and they look set to repeat that feat this season , despite going behind to an early goal from Fernando Torres . With just five minutes on the clock , Dirk Kuyt fed Alvaro Arbeloa with a clever back-heel and when the full-back delivered his low cross an unmarked Torres applied the perfect finish . Didier Drogba squandered a gilt-edged chance to equalize seconds later . Fellow-Ivorian Salomon Kalou slipped the ball into his path but Drogba 's shot was kept out by goalkeeper Pepe Reina . Drogba wasted another clear chance to level in the 28th minute after Michael Ballack 's low cross had allowed the striker to shake off Jamie Carragher -- but he blazed the ball high over the bar from just eight yards out . Chelsea continued to press forward and their effort paid off in the 38th minute when Branislav Ivanovic equalized with an unmarked header from Florent Malouda 's corner . The second half saw much of the same with Liverpool on the back-foot as Chelsea pressed forward and they nearly added a second in the 51st minute when Frank Lampard 's pass put Drogba clear again . This time the striker 's shot beat Reina but Carragher managed to scamper back to clear the goal-bound effort for a corner . Liverpool briefly threatened when Torres fired over the bar from an acute angle and Chelsea suffered a blow when captain John Terry received a yellow card for a late challenge on Reina , meaning he will be suspended for the second leg at Stamford Bridge next week . However , Guus Hiddink 's side may not now need their inspirational leader after two goals in six second-half minutes stunned the home supporters . In the 61st minute , the Liverpool defense again went missing to allow Ivanovic to socre a carbon-copy header , this time from Lampard 's corner . Then in the 67th minute , a quick break from Malouda saw his superb low left-wing cross turned home by Drogba from close-range . From then on , Chelsea were in cruise control and a dispirited Liverpool could have fallen further behind had Malouda and Salomon Kalou converted last chances for the visitors . With Barcelona thrashing Bayern Munich 4-0 in Wednesday 's other match , a Chelsea v Barcelona semifinal looks assured unless Liverpool manage an unlikely win next week . Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez acknowledged it will be "  very difficult " for his team to overturn the deficit at Stamford Bridge . He told Sky Sports : "  Clearly it will be very difficult -- but anything can happen . We have to play well and score three goals and have a very good game against a very good team . " The Spaniard continued : "  I felt we started really well but after the goal we did n't pass the ball properly . We were giving the ball away , and they were passing it well . "	Chelsea fight back to beat Liverpool 3-1 in their Champions League quarterfinal Branislav Ivanovic  2  and Didier Drogba give the London side a vital advantage Liverpool had taken a fifth-minute lead when Fernando Torres fired them ahead
BEIJING , China  Reuters  -- A Chinese couple tried to name their baby " @ , " claiming the character used in e-mail addresses echoed their love for the child , an official trying to whip the national language into line said on Thursday . The unusual name stands out especially in Chinese , which has no alphabet and instead uses tens of thousands of multi-stroke characters to represent words . "  The whole world uses it to write e-mail , and translated into Chinese it means ` love him ' , " the father explained , according to the deputy chief of the State Language Commission Li Yuming . While the " @ " symbol is familiar to Chinese e-mail users , they often use the English word "  at " to sound it out -- which with a drawn out "  T " sounds something like "  ai ta , " or "  love him , " to Mandarin speakers . Li told a news conference on the state of the language that the name was an extreme example of people 's increasingly adventurous approach to Chinese , as commercialisation and the Internet break down conventions . Another couple tried to give their child a name that rendered into English sounds like "  King Osrina . " Li did not say if officials accepted the " @ " name . But earlier this year the government announced a ban on names using Arabic numerals , foreign languages and symbols that do not belong to Chinese minority languages . Sixty million Chinese faced the problem that their names use ancient characters so obscure that computers can not recognize them and even fluent speakers were left scratching their heads , said Li , according to a transcript of the briefing on the government Web site  www.gov.cn  . One of them was the former Premier Zhu Rongji , whose name had a rare "  rong " character that gave newspaper editors headaches . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Chinese couple try to name baby " @ " Father claims character translates as "  love him " Officials have not revealed if the name has been allowed
CNN  -- Homeland security officials on Wednesday abruptly shelved a proposal to build a national database of license-plate scans after criticism from privacy advocates . The proposal , which had been posted online last week by the office of Immigration and Customs Enforcement , sought a contractor who could establish a searchable database of license plates , with the times and locations where they were spotted by traffic cameras and other sources . But in a statement late Wednesday , the department announced a reversal . "  The solicitation , which was posted without the awareness of ICE leadership , has been canceled , " said spokeswoman Gillian Christensen . "  While we continue to support a range of technologies to help meet our law enforcement mission , this solicitation will be reviewed to ensure the path forward appropriately meets our operational needs . " It was unclear whether the proposal was dead or was merely withdrawn for revisions . Under the proposal , officers in the field would have been able to use their smartphones to look up a license plate and see every time and every place the vehicle had been spotted by a camera . "  The database should track vehicle license plate numbers that pass through cameras or are voluntarily entered into the system from a variety of sources  access control systems , asset recovery specialists , etc.  and uploaded to share with law enforcement , " the original solicitation read . The proposed National License Plate Recognition database was to have been used by immigration officers to find and arrest fugitives . Supporters of license-plate scanning , like former New York state homeland security chief Michael Balboni , said it could have been an invaluable tool for finding dangerous suspects . "  What license-plate readers have been used for most effectively is  trying  to do hits against outstanding warrants , against unlicensed drivers , against folks who have shown before that they 've been involved in some kind of crime -- that 's where the hits come . " But since the solicitation was posted and featured in the Washington Post , privacy advocates have warned that the database sounded like a dragnet that would track the whereabouts of all drivers , including people who have done nothing wrong , and that the records might be held indefinitely . "  The idea is , we want to collect everything on perfectly innocent people and then dip into it whenever we feel like it , " said Kade Crockford of the American Civil Liberties Union . "  There have already been quite a few cases of abuse . Essentially , the problem is that this is creating a nationwide warrantless location-tracking list . " Opponents also said the tracking of cars would reveal personal information about drivers , like whether they went to church , where they slept at night , or whether they had been to an abortion clinic or a political protest .	Immigration and Customs Enforcement sought bids for a license-plate tracking database Database would have been able to see where a vehicle 's plate had been captured on camera Tool would have helped law enforcement find criminals , one proponent says Database would have violated the privacy of innocent people , ACLU argues
Pahoa , Hawaii  CNN  -- With a natural disaster playing out in slow motion as lava from Kilauea Volcano on Hawaii 's Big Island inches towards homes and businesses in Pahoa , officials are preparing to begin evacuations . The 2,000-degree river of molten rock is advancing on up to 12 homes and businesses , Darryl Oliviera , director of the Hawaii County Civil Defense , told reporters on Tuesday . "  The last couple of days we 've been going door-to-door , working with residents in the area , preparing them for an evacuation , and it 's likely tonight we will begin some of those evacuations based on the conditions we are seeing , " he said . "  For the most part , the residents have been preparing for this . " The evacuations , if they occur , would be among the first to take place since the slow-moving lava flow began moving towards Pahoa in June , when a volcanic crater vented and released the river of liquid rock . "  Our goal is to work with the residents and business owners , as the lava flow goes through their area , " Oliviera said . "  There will be an opportunity for them to stay on site as long as it 's safe to do so . " Lava chest high in some places The dark ooze has swallowed up fences , flowed over a cemetery and neared major roads . On Tuesday morning , it set a wooden garden shed ablaze . In some places in this community of about 950 residents , the lava is chest high . "  Everybody , including myself , is quite nervous , " Rod Macland told CNN affiliate KITV-TV . "  We do n't know . We ca n't see the future . The flow does what the flow does . " By Tuesday morning , the lava was about 200 yards from the closest home and moving in a northeast direction . It was flowing 10 yards per hour , Darryl Oliveira of Hawaii County Civil Defense Agency said . Hawaii officials have n't issued a mandatory evacuation yet . But many residents in the community have already chosen to leave on their own . "  Most people have vacated , " Hawaii County Civil Defense worker Francesca Martin-Howe told CNN affiliate KHON-TV . "  They have moved out of their homes . There 's only a few people left . " Alii Hauanio has started packing his things , including his parents ' memorabilia , CNN affiliate KHNL reported . His mom and dad lost their dream Kalapana beach home to lava flow in 1991 , and Hauanio never thought he 'd see his home meet the same fate , he told the station . He hopes to watch the lava pass through , if it does . "  To see it , in actuality , I think it might bring closure to know that it 's done and turn that page , and we 're starting another chapter , " Hauanio told KHNL . Oliveira said authorities were n't going to try to divert the flow . "  No matter how you would turn it , you would direct it toward someone 's property , " he said . There are about 40 to 50 homes in the first group of residences that are being threatened . Taking precautions The lava flow is expected to displace 900 schoolchildren in the area . Residents who do n't expect their homes to be destroyed worry about being cut off . "  A lot of us are loading up on gas , getting generators in case the energy goes out , " Mike Hale told CNN . "  And we 're checking to make sure the Internet stays up . " The Hawaii County Civil Defense Agency has rebuilt two gravel roads to give residents escape routes from the lava flow . Power company crews are installing 70-foot-tall poles with heat resistant protection to raise cables higher off the roads . Kristen Okinaka , a spokeswoman for the Hawaii Electric Light Company , said there were no outages due to the lava flow . "  If for some reason someone ca n't get to our clinic , we will be there with the mobile unit , " said Harold Wallace , CEO of Bay Clinic . "  There 's going to be people who need prescriptions and more . " Smoke a problem The smoke is a problem for residents , especially those with respiratory conditions . "  It 's burning through thick brush , fern , " Tim Orr , a U.S. Geological Survey geologist , told CNN affiliate KHNL-TV . "  A lot of smoke  is  coming off the front , a lot of cracking noises , methane explosions are going on . So it 's a noisy situation out there just from all the burning vegetation . " Some evacuated homes are being targeted by looters , a business owner said . "  Crime is starting to pick up because a lot of people abandoned their houses . Two of my brother-in-laws ' houses got ripped off , " said Matt Purvis , owner of the Tin Shack Bakery , on Monday . But the Hawaii County Civil Defense Agency said it has received no reports of looting at evacuated houses or businesses . ` Not going to happen ' Billy Kenoi , the Big Island mayor , said residents must work together . "  As it gets closer , the key is communication with the community , keeping people informed and everybody continue to work around the clock really hard just to minimize as much as possible the impact on the people of Pahoa , " he told KHNL . But many residents are rolling with the punches . The lava flow is not exactly a surprise , since it started June 27 and has advanced about 13 miles since then . Kilauea is one of the world 's most active volcanoes . "  I think it 's going to be a little intense at first , a little crazy , " resident Geri Tolchin told KITV . "  I think people will adjust . Everybody knows what 's happening . " Macland said people must plan to rebuild . "  Everybody would wish this lava flow to stop , " he told KITV , "  but it 's not going to happen , " CNN 's Martin Savidge reported from Pahoa , Paul Vercammen from Los Angeles and Ralph Ellis from Atlanta . CNN 's Michael Pearson and Steve Almasy also contributed to this report .	NEW : There will be an "  opportunity to stay " as long as it is safe to do so , official says Up to 12 homes and businesses could be evacuated soon , an official says Lava advancing on Pahoa , a community of about 950 people on Hawaii 's Big Island Kilauea Volcano lava flow started June 27 and has covered 13 miles
CNN  -- Peggy Chenoweth woke up angry the first time she dreamed of herself as an amputee . She 'd found a certain measure of comfort in late-night reunions with her two-legged self , but for the first time since her surgery , the reality of her altered body seeped into her sleeping hours . She felt cheated , took a moment to mourn , and went about the business of her day . Living with limb loss requires a certain toughness . The graphic images and accounts from the Boston Marathon bombing have thrown the issue of amputation into the national spotlight . As tragic and violent as the circumstances of their injuries were , the 14 people who lost arms , legs , hands or feet as a result of the attack represent a fraction of who undergo amputation in the United States on any given day -- roughly 500 people , according to figures from the Amputee Coalition , the nation 's largest limb loss advocacy and support group . It is Chenoweth 's mission to let every person who has lost a limb know they are not alone . Through her blog , The Tales of an Amputee Mommy , the 38-year-old writer and social media manager receives 10 to 20 e-mails a day from people newly dealing with limb difference , and feeling severed from the world as well . By 2011 , Chenoweth had been dealing with her own limb loss for nearly eight years . What started as an accident at a work conference -- a computer monitor falling off a cart and crushing her foot -- spiraled into a five-year nightmare of excruciating pain , endless and ineffective surgeries and finally a legal battle to win the right to the amputation that would finally end the physical part of her suffering .  Her insurance company contended that she could live a "  happy , healthy and active lifestyle on narcotics and crutches . " She disagreed . Frustrated that she rarely saw people like herself outside the confines of her prosthetist 's office , Chenoweth declared the last Saturday of that April , which is National Limb Loss Awareness Month , to be "  Strut Your Stuff Day . " In a blog entry titled "  Starting a Movement , " she encouraged her readers to forgo cosmetic coverings , wear shorts and other clothes that reveal prosthetics and residual limbs and "  bring the amputee community out of the shadows . " It hit a nerve . Now in its third year , Chenoweth 's movement has been adopted by the Amputee Coalition and retooled as "  Show Your Mettle Day , " with public outings and awareness events planned around the country for Saturday . There is also a Facebook contest for people to share pictures of themselves in public with the absence of their limbs evident . Winners , determined by number of Facebook "  likes " in four categories  individual , family and friends and community , support groups and facilities , or workplace  will receive recognition in several of the organization 's publications . For each photo uploaded to the page during April , prosthetic limb maker WillowWood will donate $ 1 to the coalition . The feedback Chenoweth has received steels her belief that this exposure , however uncomfortable it might be for both participants and onlookers , is a force for forward motion . "  I was astounded that so many people are n't living their lives out of fear of what other people are going to think , " she says . "  This event gives people a reason to stand up and say , ` This is who I am . ' Not every amputee uses a prosthetic , but every amputee in their own right has shown that they 're strong and they have gumption and courage to persevere . That 's the definition of  showing  your mettle . " The journey toward public exposure can be terrifying , but both experts and members of the community agree on its importance in the process of seeing one 's self as whole again . "  People are afraid of what they do n't know , " says Anissa Gustafson . The 41-year-old registered dietitian lost her leg  and the family dog  four years ago in a car accident 90 miles from her home in Las Vegas . Gustafson vividly recalls her first public outing , picking up her children at day care , before she received her prothesis . "  I remember walking into my children 's classroom and all the little kids tilting their heads sideways , like they were looking for the rest of my leg , " she says . "  The looks on their faces were priceless . It was such a sweet moment , explaining to a group of 3 - and 4-year-olds what happened to my leg . But somehow , explaining it to those innocent little kids was kind of healing . " Gustafson also said goodbye to an emblem of her former self in the form of a "  shoe funeral . " No longer able to wear shoes with a heel higher than two inches , she had to get rid of 40 pairs of shoes and adapt her signature style to work with her new prosthetic -- a "  realistic " model that cost her $ 20,000 . For her , the price was worth it . "  I do n't see it as being ashamed of my leg , " she says . "  For me it 's just a matter of feeling more whole and beautiful . We all dress or style our hair a certain way as an expression of ourselves , and I felt a part of that was taken from me . " While she does n't always care to draw attention to her prosthetic , Gustafson does always make sure the socket that fits around her residual limb has a bit of fun or sparkle to it . It 's part of the process of embracing her changed physical self . Over the past two years , Strut Your Stuff has inspired people to go out in their community for the first time without a cosmetic cover , reveal to co-workers that they 're living with a prosthetic , or even leave the confines of their own homes , which they had n't done since their limb loss . Chenoweth designed an awareness ribbon that incorporates the image of a prosthetic leg , and last year received a large order for merchandise . A boy was about to return home from having his leg amputated , and his soccer team wanted to rally around him on Strut Your Stuff Day with the ribbon emblazoned on their jerseys . "  That 's what it 's about , " Chenoweth says , "  getting the community 's support , raising awareness and letting people know that you can be missing a limb and still be very whole and live a fulfilling life . " Chenoweth says that , like most amputees , she still has "  bad leg days . " But she says the acceptance of her limb loss came about without fanfare one day when she realized what she had been missing . "  I knew I was going to be OK when I got through my lunch and I realized I had n't cursed out my prosthetic yet . " Artificial limbs push boundaries of art Going out to strut your stuff ? Dr. Roberta Cone is a psychologist who specializes in dealing with limb difference .  She lost her arm below the elbow in a car accident and opts not to wear a prosthetic .  Here are some of her tips for situations your might encounter , both from friends and loved ones . • If people stare at you , look back and smile . It is part of human nature to be curious , and they do n't necessarily mean anything by it . • If you do get positive feedback , put that in your self esteem bank for later when you might be having a difficult time . • Do not define yourself by your lost limb . If people have a negative reaction , it is not personal toward you . • It is natural to feel repulsed upon first seeing the absence of a limb , even when it 's a loved one or romantic partner . Neither one of you should feel ashamed by this , and know that it does pass . • There are tremendous resources available on the Amputee Coalition website . Educate yourself as much as possible , so you can be open to discussion if it arises . See someone showing their mettle ? Peggy Chenoweth has some advice for those who may have questions for people with limb loss . • Take their lead . If a person seems open to questions , you may ask them politely . Otherwise , just leave them alone . • Do n't conduct the Spanish Inquisition . Let the person share whatever they 're comfortable with , but do n't press . Not everyone is at the same place in their journey , and they do n't owe you a story . • For goodness ' sakes , do n't make fun . Within the community , a good sense of humor is necessary for survival and we 'll make plenty of jokes -- but that does n't mean you are free to as well . • Do n't tell them what they "  should " be doing . Yes , Oscar Pistorius has those cool sport legs . Those cost a lot . The most basic prosthetics are almost a luxury item for most people and often are n't covered by insurance . Are you or someone you love dealing with limb loss ? We would love to hear from you . Please share your story in the comments below ; we 're paying close attention . Follow the author on Twitter @kittenwithawhip	"  Amputee Mommy " blogger has mission to let people who have lost limbs know they are n't alone Saturday is "  Show Your Mettle Day , " when amputees are encouraged to reveal prosthetics The idea is to "  bring the amputee community out of the shadows "
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Five Americans on trial in Pakistan on terrorism charges appeared at a brief hearing Saturday , but did not face the detailed questioning they had expected . The hearing at the jailhouse in Sargodha , Pakistan , lasted about half an hour . All five suspects submitted their written statements , and the next hearing was set for June 9 . The men 's defense attorney , Hassan Dastagir Katchela , had told CNN he expected the five to be questioned in detail about the charges Saturday . It was n't immediately clear why they only submitted written statements . Katchela has said he is confident the college-age men , who face life in prison if convicted , will be proven innocent and released soon . He called the allegations against them "  fake and baseless . " The trial of the men opened on the last day of March , with the defense accusing Pakistani authorities of fabricating evidence that the Americans plotted attacks on Pakistan . Their lawyers said the men planned no such terrorist attacks and were implicated by Pakistani authorities , who were under intense pressure to bring an indictment . The defense has said it believes some of the evidence obtained on the suspects ' computers could have been manipulated . Katchela said all prosecution witnesses have been cross-examined , and he believes the defense will rest its case soon , perhaps "  following two more hearings after which the judge could rule on the case . " The group has been called the D.C. Five because they all lived around the U.S. capital . They have been charged with several terrorism-related counts , including criminal conspiracy to commit terrorism and waging war against Pakistan and its allies , including the United States . The five Americans -- Ahmed Abdullah Minni , Umar Farooq , Aman Hassan Yemer , Waqar Hussain Khan and Ramy Zamzam -- used to worship together at a mosque in Alexandria , Virginia , until they went missing in November and turned up in Pakistan . They were arrested in December in Sargodha , about 120 miles south of Islamabad , after their parents in the United States reported them missing . Zamzam 's mother , Amal Khalifa , said last month the five men went to Pakistan for a wedding without telling their parents and were watching television when 30 armed men put guns in their faces and took them away . She said authorities held the men for 36 hours without food or water . "  They tortured them , they beat them up , " Khalifa said . "  As soon as they fell asleep , somebody hit them so they do n't fall asleep . " Khalifa said that during a visit with her son in prison and in a letter , Zamzam claimed the men were tortured into confessing . Nadeem Kiani , a spokesman for the Pakistani embassy in Washington , has denied the allegations . Sargodha Police Chief Usman Anwar previously testified that he has strong evidence that the five men planned to attack specific targets . Pakistani authorities have described the men as intent on waging holy war against "  infidels for the atrocities committed by them against Muslims around the world . " Journalist Nasir Habib and CNN 's Thomas Evans contributed to this report .	Five terror suspects -- from Virginia -- submit written statements to court Five arrested in December , accused of poltting attacks in Pakistan Defense says terror charges they face are "  fake and baseless "
CNN  -- Music video and film director Sanaa Hamri moved to New York with dreams of making it big as an actress . But like so many others , she found herself struggling through endless auditions and unemployment . Born worlds away in the town of Tangier , Morocco , Hamri was n't afraid to fight back . She 'd grown up in a traditionally male-dominated society and her rebellion against gender stereotypes had helped put her on this creative career path . Refusing to give up , she changed tact finding work with a post production company . She was soon noticed by cinematographer Malik Sayeed who , in turn , introduced her to Mariah Carey . And with the famous singer 's guidance , Hamri embarked on a new , highly successful , career trajectory , leaving her mark on the entertainment industry . Hamri went on to direct numerous high-profile music videos as well as three feature films and several episodes of popular TV shows like "  Desperate Housewives " and "  Glee . " Here she reveals to CNN what 's like to collaborate with entertainment royalty like Lenny Kravitz or Nicki Minaj while achieving success among the stars in Tinseltown . Embrace your heritage . "  I 'm a product of a multicultural union of my father who is and was Moroccan and my mother who is American , " says Hamri . "  So I was able to grow in a household that had both . I very much identify as a Moroccan woman because I was born and raised there . My father 's Moroccan and I went to school there so that is home to me . " Education is vital . Hamri 's mother , Blanca taught at the American School of Tangier and she credits the establishment with providing opportunities that others in her neighborhood did n't have . "  The memory of it for me is education was something that was a gift that you have to take advantage of , " she explains . Rebellion can ignite a journey you 'd never contemplated before . "  I would look around and I would see all of these men in the cafes and on the streets and I would think to myself , ' I can be just like that and do whatever I want to do as you do . ' Just because I 'm of a different gender , that does n't mean I ca n't drive , I ca n't rule , I ca n't think , I ca n't create . " Networking is key  especially when it 's with Mariah Carey  . While working for a production company , the ambitious Moroccan soon found herself in the midst of some of the biggest names in music but it was an introduction to "  songbird supreme " Mariah Carey who would lead her to her calling . "  One day she turned to me and said , ` You know , you really should direct ' ... And then I got the opportunity to direct her in this video called "  Thank God I Found You  Remix  " ... -LSB- Directing -RSB- was extremely natural to me and I realized that Mariah was right -- this is where I belong . " Take every opportunity to learn something new and always ask questions . In addition to the mentoring Carey provided to her , the songstress would also provide industry insight and help explain the ins and outs of working among the best in the business . "  She would say  ` this is what it means in America when we say this , ' because she was used to foreigners . she understood that . And whether it was working with her , Jay-Z , or Destiny 's Child , or Sting , any of those people , I would learn from them . " Never forget why you want to work in the industry . "  I realized I was able to use the medium of music videos as a way to communicate to young adults in an inspirational way . The minute I realized that , I quickly shifted my career , so I would turn down a lot of artists and projects due to lyrical content , due to meaning , " she says . "  I did n't come all the way from Morocco and go through what I went through to get to the United States and say nothing . " Find other avenues to express your creativity . Soon the up-and-coming director found herself constrained by the time limitations of producing music videos . But reading the script for the movie "  Something New " provided the outlet Hamri was looking for . She explains : "  I loved the idea of a woman who is an African - American woman who is having issues dating white males because she racially had an issue with that ... and the minute I started working on ` Something New ' and I was doing my movie I realized , I was like ' I am a film director . ' " Always keep your aspirations in mind , no matter how lofty they may seem . Hamri 's strong work ethic has seen her direct several Hollywood films and jaunts onto the sets of well-known TV shows like "  Desperate Housewives , " "  Elementary " and "  Grey 's Anatomy . " Yet despite her silver screen success , she remains very much connected to her birthplace . "  I definitely want to create in Morocco as a base a very large studio that would be in competition with the big studios in Hollywood , " she says . "  We would be able to go on location and stuff , but just really creating like the biggest entertainment hub in Africa . " READ THIS : The meteoric rise of Lupita Nyong ' o READ THIS : 10 things to know about ` Omosexy '	Sanaa Hamri is a Moroccan music video and film director She got her start in the film industry as a post production assistant working up to editor Hamri met Mariah Carey on set who advised her to think about becoming a director Now she hopes to inspire youth through her success and open a Moroccan film studio
CNN  -- If Cristiano Ronaldo feels threatened by Gareth Bale 's arrival at Real Madrid , it certainly is n't showing in his performances . Ronaldo followed up his midweek Champions League treble with another two goals in Sunday 's 4-1 win over Getafe , while this season 's marquee signing Bale was unable to make his home debut due to an injury suffered in the warmup . The win kept Real in third place , two points behind Barcelona and Atletico Madrid after five matches , and the double lifted Ronaldo into fifth on the club 's all-time scoring list with 208 . Ronaldo failed to score in Real 's opening two La Liga matches , but including his hat-trick for Portugal in a World Cup qualifier against Northern Ireland he now has 10 goals in his last five games -- fully vindicating the bumper new contract he signed after Bale arrived . Bale -- a world-record signing according to his former club Tottenham , but not as expensive as Ronaldo was in 2009 according to Real -- was replaced in the starting lineup at the Bernabeu by the highly-rated Isco , another newcomer to Madrid . Bale scored on his debut in the 2-2 draw at Villarreal , playing an hour , and also came on to replace Isco in the 6-1 Champions League thrashing of Galatasaray -- but his only other time on the pitch this season is a substitute appearance for Wales before joining up with Carlo Ancelotti 's squad . "  He had a small problem in the warmup . I do n't think it is a big problem , but we have to wait till tomorrow to do a scan to see how bad the injury is , " Ancelotti told reporters . "  The player was n't comfortable , he was worried , so it was better to avoid problems . He was desperate to play his first game in the Bernabeu , but he has plenty of games ahead of him here . "  His pre-season was very unusual , not just physically , but mentally too . He was waiting for a long time  before signing  and I think this is a problem . " Getafe stunned the home crowd by taking the lead in the fourth minute when Angel Lafita 's shot deflected in off Pepe , but the Real defender equalized just before 20 minutes after Ronaldo 's shot was only blocked by keeper Miguel Angel Moya . Ronaldo put Los Blancos ahead just after half an hour from the penalty spot , as Michel was ruled to have deliberately handled his free-kick inside the area , and he joined Real 's former Mexico star Hugo Sanchez on 207 goals . Isco , who last season inspired Malaga to the Champions League quarterfinals despite the club 's financial problems , made it 3-1 in the 57th minute . Fed by Ronaldo 's quick free-kick , the 21-year-old Spain international made no mistake with his fifth goal in six games . Getafe had Michel sent off five minutes from time when the midfielder was booked a second time , and Ronaldo crowned his night with a cheeky backheel to score from Sami Khedira 's low cross . Promoted Villarreal stayed fourth after drawing 0-0 at Celta Vigo , while there was a mid-table stalemate between Real Betis and Granada . Valencia ended a run of three La Liga defeats and a Europa League loss to Swansea by beating bottom club Sevilla 3-1 , as Jonas scored twice . Meanwhile , Sunday 's Istanbul derby between Besiktas and Galatasaray was abandoned due to crowd trouble at the end of the match between two of Turkey 's leading teams . Galatasaray had led 2-1 through two goals by Ivory Coast veteran Didier Drogba when his Brazilian teammate Felipe Melo was sent off in time added on , and fans then invaded the pitch . "  How the proceedings will continue will be announced later by the Turkey Football Federation , " the Galatasaray website reported . In Italy , Roma went top on goal difference after beating Lazio 2-0 in the capital derby for a fourth successive win . Second-half goals from Federico Balzaretti and Adem Ljajic put the Giallorossi marginally above Napoli -- also with a 100 % record after winning 2-1 at AC Milan . Uruguayan defender Miguel Britos put Rafael Benitez 's team ahead in the sixth minute and Argentina striker Gonzalo Higuain doubled the lead on 53 before Mario Balotelli 's late consolation for 11th-placed Milan . However , the Italy striker had earlier missed the first penalty of his professional career , saved by keeper Pepe Reina , as Napoli beat Milan at the San Siro for the first time since 1986 . Third-placed Inter Milan crushed Sassuolo 7-0 as Argentine striker Diego Milito marked his long-awaited return from a serious knee injury with two goals . It left Fiorentina fourth on goal difference after a 2-0 win at Atalanta , while fifth-placed defending champion Juventus also ha 10 points after coming from behind to beat Verona 2-1 thanks to goals from summer signings Carlos Tevez and Fernando Llorente . The battle for supremacy between France 's two big-spending clubs ended in a 1-1 draw as Monaco came from behind to deny defending champion Paris Saint-Germain . Zlatan Ibrahimovic put the home side ahead but Radamel Falcao -- like his Swedish striking counterpart , a marquee signing of intent -- leveled to keep Monaco top of the table , two points ahead of second-placed PSG .	Cristiano Ronaldo scores twice as Real Madrid beats Getafe 4-1 on Sunday New signing Gareth Bale misses out on home debut after injury in warmup Ronaldo becomes the fifth-highest scorer in Real history with a total of 208 Istanbul derby between Besiktas and Galatasaray abandoned due to crowd trouble
CNN  -- Former world champion Ricky Hatton has had his boxing license revoked after damaging revelations about his personal life . The British Boxing Board of Control took action against the 31-year-old for "  bringing the sport into disrepute . " They ruled his "  current physical condition is such that the Board decided to withdraw his boxer 's licence . " Hatton admitted he was suffering from depression and a drink problem after a tabloid newspaper published video footage of the boxer allegedly using cocaine . Hatton , a former world light-welterweight champion , last fought in a May 2009 showdown with Manny Pacquiao in Las Vegas , being knocked out in the second round . Hatton , who had massive following for his all-action style , was also beaten in another money-spinning bout in Nevada by Floyd Mayweather Junior . After the revelations in the News of the World , the British board called a hearing on Wednesday and issued their judgment Thursday . Hatton was also fined # 20,000 pounds  $ 31,388  and had his manager license revoked , but they will allow him to continue as a promoter . The board said they were allowing Hatton to continue in this role because of the effect on "  innocent persons " who were employed by his organization , including other professional boxers .	Former world boxing champion Ricky Hatton has his boxing license revoked Hatton was filmed allegedly using cocaine in a tabloid newspaper sting Hatton lost super fights against Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Manny Pacquiao
CNN  -- The Ivory Coast have reportedly sacked coach Vahid Halilhodzic despite the Bosnian having guided the African team to this year 's World Cup finals . Russia coach Guus Hiddink is among the favorites to take over for football 's showpiece tournament starting in June , according to a report from the British Press Association which was carried on the Web site of world ruling body FIFA on Saturday . It said the 57-year-old Halihodzic , who took charge in 2008 , had been axed after the Ivorians failed to live up to their favorite status at the Africa Cup of Nations in Angola last month and lost in the quarterfinals to Algeria . "  This Saturday I brought Vahid Halilhodzic 's contract to an end because one of the aims that was set for him was not reached and that was to win the 2010 African Nations Cup , " Cote d'Ivoire football federation president Jacques Anouma reportedly said on national television . Hiddink 's contract with Russia expires on June 30 , two weeks after the finals start , and he has a free period before taking over the reigns with Turkey in August . The Dutchman was also linked with the vacant Nigeria coaching role , which subsequently went to former Sweden manager Lars Lagerback , who signed a five-month contract on Friday . Hiddink recently revealed to Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf that Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba , who played for him in a brief spell while coaching English club Chelsea , had sounded him out about taking the job . "  The interest from Ivory Coast is real , but first I have to analyze the situation , " Hiddink said . "  I need to solve some matters before making my decision . "  Drogba asked me in the name of the players to accept the invitation . The Ivorian federation is also very interested . "	Ivory Coast have reportedly sacked coach Vahid Halilhodzic ahead of World Cup finals Bosnian pays price for Elephants ' shock quarterfinal exit at Africa Cup of Nations Russia coach Guus Hiddink linked with role before taking up job with Turkey in August
CNN  -- The body of a boy was found Friday afternoon near the wreckage of a plane crash in Lake Wales , Florida , raising the final death toll to six , officials said . The plane , which was carrying a husband , wife and their four children , went down Thursday . The other bodies had already been recovered . "  We can tell you that none are now unaccounted for , " Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd said . "  It 's just a tragic event of monumental proportion , but we 're pleased that we 're at least reuniting the entire family . " The last victim to be found was in thick underbrush about half a mile southwest of the main wreckage , Judd said . The flight originated at Treasure Cay Airport in the Bahamas and landed at St. Lucie County Airport at 10:15 a.m. Thursday to clear customs . The plane left St. Lucie just after noon , and the first 911 call came in at 12:36 p.m. , said Judd . Its final destination was Junction City , Kansas . The plane began to break apart and crashed , going down in a remote , palmetto-covered stretch near Lake-Walk-In-The-Water that is not easily accessible , officials said . Rescuers and investigators used all-terrain vehicles to get to the scene . Plane parts were reported as far as four miles away . The cause of the crash is not clear but is under investigation , said Tim Monville , an investigator for the National Transportation Safety Board . "  We have parts structurally separated . I do n't know what that means yet . We 'll have to investigate . That 's what we 're here for , " he said . The Polk County Sheriff 's Office identified the family as Ronald Bramlage , 45 ; his wife , Rebecca Bramlage , 43 ; and their children , Brandon , 15 ; Boston , 13 ; Beau , 11 ; and Roxanne , 8 . Boston was believed to be the last one found . The plane is a Pilatus PC-12 / 47 owned by Roadside Ventures LLC of Junction City . The Bramlage family is well-known in the Kansas State University community . Ronald and Rebecca Bramlage were both graduates , and Fred Bramlage , Ronald 's father , was the lead contributor to the Bramlage Coliseum , a multipurpose arena that is home to the men 's and women 's basketball teams .	The sixth and final body is recovered Sheriff : "  We 're pleased that we 're at least reuniting the entire family " Family was flying from the Bahamas It had connections to Kansas State University
CNN  -- It 's not surprising there 's speculation that Michelle Obama might run for the United States Senate â $ " although one should note that at this point , that 's all it is : speculation â $ " made mainly in a Reuters article written by Keith Koffler , editor of the website White House Dossier . The fact is , however , Michelle Obama is a highly effective and popular public figure and would make a gifted elected leader . We should remember that before Barack Obama 's presidency , Michelle Obama was perhaps even more of a superstar than her husband . An accomplished attorney , she was an assistant to the mayor of Chicago in the early 1990s , as well as an assistant commissioner of planning and development for the city . After running the Chicago branch of the nonprofit Public Allies , which gets young people engaged in nonprofit and government leadership , Obama moved to the University of Chicago , eventually rising to be vice president of the university 's extensive hospitals network . In our unequal country where so many people are vastly and unfairly underpaid , income certainly is n't an accurate measure of talent . But it certainly is often a good measure of power . In 2006 , Sen. Barack Obama reported a salary of $ 157,082 . The same year , Michelle Obama 's salary was $ 273,618 . As first lady , Michelle Obama has managed to be both iconic and accessible , a hard-to-achieve but quintessential balancing act for the greatest of political leaders . She has taken on the important issues of child nutrition and obesity , as well as the challenges facing our nation 's military families . And on both issues , her unflagging leadership and unimpeachable achievements have been clear . But no doubt the speculation about Obama 's next steps is partly related to this : Voters who enthusiastically supported her husband 's campaign have been disillusioned by the messiness of governance , largely due to the unprecedented hostility of the Republican Party , but certainly made worse by President Obama 's inability to outmaneuver his opponents either in rhetoric or in legislation . All that hope and change can fizzle in the face of reality , but Michelle Obama still seems full of the same optimism that once drove voters to the polls . Moreover , those of us who often long to see President Obama be more confrontational , or even angry and aggressive , sometimes see more of that raw fighting spirit in his wife . Should she someday choose to run for office , Michelle Obama may prove an even more gifted politician than her husband , especially when it comes to dodging the incoming attacks and getting things done . All the buzzing around Hillary Clinton 's potential presidential run ca n't help but encourage the speculation about Michelle Obama , the prospect of another first lady running for the Senate and maybe , someday , a higher office . It 's worth noting that Michelle Obama 's approval ratings are higher than Hillary Clinton 's were when she was first lady . Michelle Obama 's approval ratings are also higher than her husband 's . The political stars might certainly be aligned : Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois is a Republican in the Obamas ' Democratic home state and would be up for re-election in November 2016 , just as the Obama White House would be drawing to an end . Should Michelle Obama choose to run , she would be a formidable candidate in every way , from public speaking to fundraising to policy to media and more . But either way , just the fact that anyone is speculating sends a flattering signal to a beloved first lady who America would clearly like to keep in the public eye .	Sally Kohn : Article notes Michelle Obama 's recent higher profile . Does it presage Senate run ? Why not ? she says . Before becoming first lady , she was accomplished attorney Kohn says she 's been effective advocate on nutrition , military families ; her approval rating high Kohn : She 'd be a formidable candidate , and America seems to like to see her in public eye
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea started withdrawing its last remaining citizens Saturday from the manufacturing zone jointly operated with North Korea following weeks of tensions between the two . Pyongyang this week shunned an offer by Seoul to hold talks over the Kaesong Industrial Complex after it halted activity there this month . The complex in North Korea was one of the few symbols of inter-Korean cooperation . South Korea 's Unification Ministry announced that 126 workers and 63 trucks departed Kaesong , which lies just north of the Demilitarized Zone , the heavily fortified border that separates North and South Korea . In the past two months , tensions on the Korean Peninsula have been rich in saber-rattling and short on concrete actions . But the Kaesong complex , which houses the operations of more than 120 South Korean companies , appears to have become a significant victim . Growing suffering Ryoo said the decision to withdraw the South Koreans was a result of their "  growing suffering caused by the unjust actions of the North , " which has been preventing workers , as well as food and medical supplies , from crossing the border into the zone for the past several weeks . In an apparent last ditch attempt to resolve the crisis Thursday , South Korea proposed formal talks with the North , warning of serious consequences if the offer was rejected . ` Deceptive ' offer rejected But the North spurned the proposal . In a statement on state media Friday , a spokesman for the North Korean National Defense Commission described Seoul 's offer of talks about the complex as "  deceptive . " It said that if Seoul "  keeps aggravating the situation , " it would "  be forced to take the final decisive and crucial measure first . " The South Koreans in the complex are believed to have been looking after the idle factories there . Ryoo said Friday that the South Korean government would support the companies invested in the complex so they can continue with their business activities . Suspending activity Earlier this month , during a frenzy of fiery rhetoric directed at South Korea and the United States , the North began blocking South Koreans from entering the complex across the heavily fortified border . It then pulled out the more than 50,000 North Koreans who work in the zone 's factories , saying it was temporarily suspending activity there . The move surprised some observers since Kaesong was considered to be a key source of hard currency for the regime of Kim Jong Un . The situation on the Korean Peninsula deteriorated after the North carried out its latest underground nuclear test in February , prompting the U.N. Security Council to tighten sanctions on the regime in Pyongyang . The tougher sanctions , together with joint U.S.-South Korean military training exercises in South Korea , intensified North Korea 's threats against Washington and Seoul . The North 's ominous language , which unnerved the United States enough for it to move missile-defense systems into the region , had appeared to calm somewhat recently . And the U.S.-South Korean military exercises are due to end in the coming days . CNN 's K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	South Korea is pulling out its citizens from Kaesong Seoul says it will support the companies invested in the zone The North describes the South 's offer of talks as "  deceptive " North Korea suspended activity at the joint industrial zone this month
CNN  -- If it looks like lots of Facebook pages are shedding fans , it 's because they are . But , then again , they are n't . Facebook has begun a purge of fake accounts and "  Likes " as part of a set of site improvements announced last month . The result has been lower numbers on fan pages , including some of the site 's most popular ones , but no actual loss of real followers . On August 31 , Facebook announced plans for improvements to its "  site integrity systems . " That , according to a blog post , included increased automated efforts to sniff out and delete fake accounts or Likes that had been illicitly sold or gained by otherwise shady means . "  A Like that does n't come from someone truly interested in connecting with a Page benefits no one ... , " the post read . "  When a Page and fan connect on Facebook , we want to ensure that connection involves a real person interested in hearing from a specific Page and engaging with that brand 's content . " On Thursday morning , Zynga 's Texas HoldEm Poker page had lost almost 200,000 Likes since Tuesday , according to Facebook analytics site PageData . Pop star Lady Gaga lost about 66,000 during that same two-day span , and "  The Simpsons " dropped about 21,000 . Facebook confirmed to CNN that the slipping Likes numbers are part of the site upgrade . The company said pages that have been abiding by its rules should expect no more than a 1 % dip in Likes . Even Zynga 's big drop represented only roughly .3 % of the more than 65 million people who like that poker page . Facebook 's purge targets inauthentic Likes created a number of ways . Some are caused by malware . Others happen when a user is deceived into "  liking " something they may have not intended to like . In its post , Facebook said it has never allowed Likes to be sold , but that it has caught third-party vendors trying to use malware and other forms of deception to do just that . Similar problems have plagued Twitter , where automated systems have tried to inflate users ' follower counts . "  While we have always had dedicated protections against each of these threats on Facebook , these improved systems have been specifically configured to identify and take action against suspicious Likes , " Facebook said .	Facebook pages losing "  Likes " as site cracks down on fakes Last month , Facebook announced "  site integrity " upgrades Fake Likes can come from malware or user deception Zynga poker , Lady Gaga , "  Simpsons " are among pages losing numbers
Washington  CNN  -- During his 2000 presidential run , a New Hampshire voter asked Republican Sen. John McCain who he might choose as secretary of defense . McCain responded by tossing out the name of a dear old friend and colleague , the very man who would be nominated to that post by a Democrat and frequent McCain target 13 years later . "  There 's a lot of people that could do that , " he told voters at a January town hall in Nashua , New Hampshire . "  One of 'em , I think , is Sen. Chuck Hagel . " Now Hagel has been nominated for that same job , by McCain 's 2008 campaign rival , President Barack Obama . But when the Senate Armed Services Committee meets on Thursday to discuss the nomination , McCain will be one of Hagel 's biggest skeptics . What Hagel will say Thursday "  My biggest concern is his overall attitude about the United States , our role in the world -- particularly in the Middle East and whether we should reduce the Pentagon further -- but mainly his general overall world view , " McCain told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer about his former colleague . To understand the depth of the fallout between the two men one needs to understand how close the senators once were . McCain loaned his star power to Hagel 's first Senate campaign in 1996 , traveling to appear with him in Nebraska . When Hagel was elected to the Senate , the two men shared a bond over their service in Vietnam . In 1997 they attended a ceremony marking the 15th anniversary of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial . Speaking about his comrades in arms , McCain mentioned the "  unique bond that exists between us of which I am eternally proud . " "  When I see them on the floor of the Senate or somewhere in the Capitol , I feel a little lift , " he said . Hagel spoke of McCain 's service , declaring "  no one during this entire time ever gave more , or showed more courage , than John McCain . " Five things Hagel may be asked about Their friendship led to a close working relationship during the 2000 presidential campaign , when Hagel served as a loyal surrogate and campaign co-chair for McCain . Then , Hagel said his friend felt he owed the country his service . "  His life has been committed to something larger than he is , " Hagel said after McCain suspended his campaign effort to make way for an ascendent George W. Bush . "  He 's a selfless person who 's given much to his country . " Later that year , Hagel introduced McCain on the stage of the party 's convention with a giant embrace . Back in the Senate , the long-time friends and combat veterans both voiced early concerns about the handling of the Iraq war . But their views diverged as McCain came to support President Bush 's proposed troop surge in 2007 , a military decision that drew Hagel 's scorn . He famously called the proposal "  the most dangerous foreign policy blunder in this country since Vietnam if it is carried out . " Why some conservatives are still going after Hagel A source close to McCain said the friends just drifted apart as friends sometimes do , not because of policy differences . But even McCain acknowledged the change . "  I 've noticed over the years that our views on the United States of America and what we should be doing in the world have diverged rather dramatically , " he said earlier this month . By McCain 's 2008 presidential run , Hagel was more in line with McCain 's anti-Iraq war opponent Barack Obama . The two traveled together on a Middle East Senate trip Obama used to beef up his foreign policy chops , and Hagel was never seen on McCain 's iconic Straight Talk Express campaign bus . Avlon : Reality check for Hagel bashers Hagel and McCain spoke after the former senator 's nomination to the Defense Department . Afterward , McCain said he had concerns about Hagel 's positions on Iran , Iraq and Afghanistan . But citing their long friendship , McCain said he would not oppose Hagel before the hearing . "  Sen. Hagel and I are , are old friends and we had a very frank and candid conversation and I 'll be looking forward to the hearing and asking questions , " McCain said on January 22 . "  I think that he should be given the opportunity of a hearing before any of us make a judgment . " Hagel 's other war	In 2000 , candidate McCain says Hagel would make a great Defense Secretary In 2013 , McCain says he has concerns over Hagel 's nomination to the post The views of the onetime friends have "  diverged dramatically , " McCain says
Skype users soon will be able to expand the list of people they can connect with , says Microsoft , owner of the popular Web-chat tool . Still in its early stages of development , Skype Translator , as it 's being called for now , will provide voice and text language translation for calls between people speaking different languages . Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella and Gurdeep Pall , the vice president in charge of Skype , demonstrated the technology Tuesday night in California at the Code Conference , sponsored by tech-news site Re/Code . "  It is going to make sure you can communicate with anybody without language barriers , " Nadella said at the gathering in suburban Los Angeles . "  In fact , it 's the most human of things . " At the demo , Pall , speaking English , and a colleague speaking German conducted a Skype video call . There were a couple of instances when the voice and text translation mixed up minor parts of a sentence , but overall it appeared to be spot on . The conversation was no simple "  Hello , how are you ? " either . It centered on Pall 's plans to move to London and included the names of streets and neighborhoods in that city as well as discussion of his colleague 's visits to Microsoft 's headquarters in Redmond , Washington . The two would speak , then wait while the program translated what was just said . "  It is early days for this technology , but the ` Star Trek ' vision for a Universal Translator is n't a galaxy away , and its potential is every bit as exciting as those ` Star Trek ' examples , " Pall said in a blog post . "  Skype Translator opens up so many possibilities to make meaningful connections in ways you never could before in education , diplomacy , multilingual families and in business . " After a short delay , the system posts one user 's translated comments as text onscreen to the other user while a synthetic voice speaks them aloud . Pall said Skype Translator will be available first as a Windows 8 beta app by the end of this year . Microsoft purchased London-based Skype , which has 300 million monthly users , in 2011 . But Nadella said the translation technology the program uses has been in development at Microsoft for 15 years . And , in another development straight out of science fiction , he said the current version is surprising even its creators . "  Say you teach it English . It learns English , " he said . "  Then you teach it Mandarin . It learns Mandarin , but it becomes better at English . And then you teach it Spanish . It gets good at Spanish , but it gets great at both Mandarin and English -- and , quite frankly , none of us know exactly why . "  It 's brain-like in the sense of its capability to learn . It 's magical . "	The heads of Microsoft and Skype show off a new language-translation tool Skype Translator lets speakers of different languages communicate with each other Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella says the project is in its early stages A beta version is expected out by the end of the year
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The world 's most valuable company is going head-to-head against a financially ailing Chinese electronics company over the right to use the iPad name in the vast market of China -- and the tech giant lost round one . Round two is scheduled Wednesday as the Guangdong Higher People 's Court is expected to hear an appeal of a lower court decision in favor of Proview Technology Shenzhen , a company which trademarked the IPAD name in China in 2000 -- 10 years before Apple 's iPad hit global stores . Stores in Huizhou and Shijiazhuang were ordered to stop sales of iPads by local authorities after a December 5 ruling in a Shenzhen court against Apple . Meanwhile , legal actions have been filed in Shanghai , Hong Kong and in California by Proview to block Apple from using the iPad name . What 's the dispute about ? The two companies are mired in an ever bitter battle here -- with both claiming the iPad name is legally theirs . Apple says it bought the name from the struggling Asian electronics firm in 10 different countries . Proview contends it did not sell the rights to the name in China . "  Proview wants to get Apple 's full attention , " said Ma Dongxiao , attorney for Proview . "  If Apple does n't change the name , it will violate the law here . Apple might be punished by Chinese courts or forbidden from selling the iPad 3 in China . " In a statement to CNN , Apple says , "  We bought Proview 's worldwide rights to the iPad trademark in 10 different countries several years ago . Proview refuses to honor their agreement with Apple in China and a Hong Kong court has sided with Apple in this matter . Our case is still pending in mainland China . " As Apple is likely to unveil in March the iPad 3 -- the latest edition of the popular computer tablet -- the case is generating a hailstorm of international attention , and Proview has threatened legal action to block the export and import of the computer tablets -- a move that would disrupt the global supply chain for the tech giant , which depends on Chinese suppliers like Foxconn . Who sold what to whom ? The case centers around Proview International Holdings , the Hong Kong-listed maker of computer monitors and other devices . A subsidiary , Proview Taiwan , sold Apple Inc. the rights to use the IPAD name , which the Chinese company had trademarked in China and in markets around the world . But Proview -- which was seized by creditors in 2009 after defaulting on hundreds of millions of loans -- said it did n't know it was selling the rights to Apple . Moreover -- and this is the key point on which the legal dispute rests -- Proview Taiwan did n't own the rights to the IPAD trademark in China ; another subsidiary , Proview Shenzhen , did . Proview says Apple did n't negotiate in good faith - using a shell company that promised not to make competing products under the iPad label . The company alleges the negotiator concealed he was working for Apple , gave a false name , and said the company he represented was IP Application Development -- or IPAD for short . How Apple snookered Proview to get iPad trademark "  Using shell companies is not uncommon but usually the conduct is honest , " Ma said . "  Proview was cheated by Apple . " Had Proview executives known they were dealing with Apple , they likely would have asked for more cash , says Kenny Wong , head of the intellectual property practice and partner at Hong Kong law firm Mayer Brown JSM . "  It seems that Proview realized somehow too late who they were dealing with and they felt they were tricked or cheated , so that 's why they tried to find loopholes in the contract , " Wong said . "  And they found a very credible one , according to Chinese law . " Is this about intellectual property rights ? The fact that Apple is engaged in a large-scale lawsuit over property rights with a Chinese company in China seems , to many observers , odd . After all , sales of counterfeit movies happen out in the open in China . Even fake Apple and Ikea stores were discovered in China last year . "  I think it 's going to increase the awareness of the value of intellectual property , " technology analyst Andrew Mok told CNN . "  It 's ironic that Apple is being sued by a Chinese company where typically it 's the other way around . " But Wong disputes the perception that there is a greater propensity to sell counterfeit goods in China . "  You can see fake goods in Milan , you can see them on Fifth Avenue in New York , " he said . "  There is a perception in China there is very weak enforcement , which to some extent is true , because China is such a big country . " While the China-Proview dispute centers on a trademark deal , the current legal wrangling is ultimately a contract dispute , Wong said . What 's next ? The hearing on the case is scheduled to begin Wednesday , but any final ruling is likely to be weeks or months away . If Apple loses its appeal , it could take it to the Supreme People 's Court -- but that would be a long-shot , Wong said . "  The court hears less than 1 % of cases put before them , " he said . Apple could throw up its hands and decide to rename the tablet in China , but Proview could still sue for damages on past use of its trademarked name , Wong said . But Apple dropping iPad name also could be bad for Proview -- or , more exactly , Proview 's creditors . "  As Proview Shenzhen 's financial position is dire , its eight creditor banks view the IPAD registrations to be its most valuable asset and would want to see it fetch a ` fair ' value , " Wong wrote in a recent note to clients . "  It is claimed that a settlement  with Apple  will require the bank creditor 's approval . " In China , netizens are asking could Apple 's popular tablet computer soon be known as the HiPad or MiPad here . But consumers in China say they 'll take the Apple product - no matter what it 's called . "  I do n't care how they play with the four letters , " one Chinese customer told CNN . CNN 's Eunice Yoon contributed to this report .	Apple is embroiled in a lawsuit over use of the iPad name in China Proview claims it never sold Apple the rights to use the name in the mainland A lower court sided with Proview , and led to some Chinese stores pulling iPads Case is now going before an appeals court in Guangdong Province
Washington  CNN  -- At 106-feet tall , the new control tower at Frederick Municipal Airport in Maryland could be called monumental . On Friday the nation will learn whether it 's a monument to government dysfunction . Opened last May with a $ 5.3 million from one federal government program , the tower could be closed because of another . The stimulus package -- a 2009 law spearheaded by President Barack Obama to jump-start the economy -- was Santa Claus , giving Frederick the new tower . The forced spending cuts -- which went into effect March 1 -- are The Grinch threatening to shut the tower down . "  It 's so much irony , it 's almost ridiculous and laughable , " said Mamie Ambrose , one of the controllers expected to lose her job . "  I mean , we 're all so disgusted with it . " FAA says 173 air traffic control towers will close April 7 Altogether , 238 towers are on the chopping block . On Friday , the FAA is focusing on 189 low - or moderate-volume towers staffed by contractors . In letters to the airports , the FAA said it expects to cut funding to the "  vast majority " of the towers . But the sharpest sting may be felt at those towers that have just opened , often at great government expense and at personal sacrifice to people who moved to accept the controller posts . At least three towers , like Frederick , were built with federal stimulus money and still have that "  new car " smell . At Albert Whitted Airport in St. Petersburg , Florida , a tower built to withstand 130 mph hurricane winds was dedicated in July . It was built with $ 1 million in stimulus money and $ 2.1 million in congressional earmarks . At Opa-locka Executive Airport , near Miami , the federal government spent almost $ 1.9 million in federal stimulus money on the new control tower . Both are likely to be axed . "  It makes no sense , " said Craig Fuller , president of the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association , a national group headquartered at the Frederick airport . "  Tragically something is going to happen , and then were going to review this decision and , I 'm sure , roll back some of the cuts they are considering now , " Fuller said . Survey : U.S. entry driving visitors away The FAA says it is facing an untenable situation . By congressional mandate , it must cut nearly $ 600 million from its nearly $ 48 billion budget this fiscal year . Because the majority of its 47,000 employees are air traffic controllers , it is impossible to cut its budget without affecting controllers , the agency says . The FAA is furloughing employees , eliminating midnight shifts at some control towers and reducing maintenance on non-critical facilities . In an effort to affect the fewest travelers , the FAA said it is targeting lower-volume airports -- those that have fewer than 150,000 operations a year  a takes off or landing is an operation  and fewer than 10,000 commercial operations . The 238 towers fall under those thresholds , including 49 FAA-staffed towers and 189 contractor-staffed towers . The FAA cuts to be announced Friday focus solely on the contract towers . The FAA said it will consider keeping a tower open if the airport convinces the agency it is in the "  national interest " to do so . The FAA received 1,000 letters from the airports appealing the action . It has declined requests to make those letters public . But in letters released by the airports , many have cited their use by the military and medical flights , and their roles as "  reliever airports " for nearby airports as evidence of their national significance . Closing towers will not meaning closing airports . Aircraft can use services from other FAA facilities or can use a common radio frequency to announce their intentions to take off or land . The FAA says the closures will not impact safety . But contract controllers disagree . Airports can make case to keep towers open If the FAA said building the tower would improve safety , controller Ambrose says , how can it argue that closing the tower wo n't hurt safety ? Controllers say closing the towers will eliminate one layer of safety -- the extra set of eyes in the tower -- while contributing to the workload at other FAA towers , which will themselves be affected by furloughs . The FAA said it will manage the system by reducing volume , not reducing safety . As a result , flights to major cities such as New York , Chicago and San Francisco could experience delays of up to 90 minutes during peak hours when the effects of furloughs are felt later this spring . "  Delays in those major airports will ripple across the country , " the FAA says . The most immediate impact will be on non-commercial flights . The 189 contract towers handle approximately 20 % of all airport operations nationwide , but less than 2.5 % of commercial operations , the FAA says . Advocates for contract towers argue they are suffering a disproportionate amount of pain . "  The rest of the FAA 's budget is getting a 5 % haircut ; the contract towers are getting a 75 % cut , because the FAA is cutting 189 of the 251 contract towers , " Spencer Dickerson of the U.S. Contract Tower Association told CNN . CNN Correspondent Rene Marsh contributed to this report .	The FAA will announce which of 189 air traffic control towers will be closed The towers , some recently built , will be closed due to forced spending cuts Agency will close the "  vast majority " of towers , letters to airports say
CNN  Drew Peterson , the imprisoned former Chicago-area police sergeant found guilty of murdering his ex-wife , was charged Monday on two counts of murder solicitation . Between September 2013 and December 2014 , Peterson allegedly hired someone to try to kill Will County State 's Attorney James Glasgow , the prosecutor who won a conviction in 2012 that sent Peterson away for 38 years , according to the Illinois Attorney General 's Office . It was unclear from court documents whether the alleged murder solicitation resulted in any attempt on Glasgow 's life . Glasgow remains the state 's attorney in Will County . In a statement , he said that he has "  absolute faith in law enforcement and our criminal justice system to handle this case appropriately . " "  It is unfortunate that prosecutors sometimes must deal with allegations of this nature . However , in no way will a threat to my personal safety deter me from the important work I perform as the State 's Attorney on behalf of the citizens of Will County , " said Glasgow . Peterson is imprisoned at Menard Correctional Center in Illinois ' Randolph County . He made an initial appearance at the Randolph County Courthouse on Monday on one count of solicitation of murder for hire and one count of solicitation of murder . A call for comment to Peterson 's attorney was not immediately returned . A preliminary hearing is set for March 3 at 10 a.m. local time , the attorney general 's office said . The case will be jointly prosecuted by that office and the Randolph County state 's attorney 's office . Peterson gets 38 years for ex-wife 's murder	Imprisoned Drew Peterson charged with two counts of murder solicitation Peterson was convicted in 2012 of murdering his ex-wife New charges alleged he hired a hitman to kill the prosecutor that put him behind bars
CNN  -- It has been a long time since a Hollywood movie actually seemed like it could help people suffering from mental illness , their families and those who treat them . That 's why I 'm so encouraged by the response to "  Silver Linings Playbook , " which has enjoyed wide critical support since its release last fall -- including eight Academy Award nominations -- and is attracting a large national audience . It is the first film I 've seen in years that portrays mental illness in such natural and poignant terms . The entertainment industry has made a lucrative habit of exploiting deranged behavior for ostensibly artistic purposes , and has a long history of stereotyping "  crazy " characters as killers , stalkers or perverts and misrepresenting mental health care . Nearly 40 years after the release of the single most stigmatizing film in history -- "  One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest " -- it is still invoked by people criticizing or trying to avoid care as if it is , or was , an accurate portrayal of mental illness and psychiatric medicine . "  Silver Linings Playbook " has the power to be an antidote to "  Cuckoo 's Nest . " And the timing of its general release is particularly welcome in light of the wanton killings in Newtown , Connecticut , and the president 's initiative on gun control and violence . The president is right to seek legislation , but what is also needed is helping people with mental disorders get treatment , the first step in which is to reduce stigma . Hemingway family mental illness explored In the aftermath of the senseless tragedies that just keep on coming and the stigmatizing hysteria that came with them , we desperately need a compassionate reality check against our exaggerated fears of people with mental illness . Because they are not "  the other , " "  strange " or "  foreign " people . They are us . "  Silver Linings Playbook " tells the story of a person , family and community in which individuals suffer from mental disorders much the same way as people do in the real world . It is not so much a story of mental illness as it is about two people who happen to struggle with mental illness -- among many other things -- and their relationships with family and community . The fact that the protagonist  Bradley Cooper  and his father  Robert De Niro  suffer from bipolar disorder and obsessive compulsive disorder , respectively , and the love interest  Jennifer Lawrence  has engaged in reckless self-harmful behavior in her transition from youth to adulthood , are simply aspects of their characters . Opinion : Get serious about mental health care Their illnesses do n't define their identities -- nor are they even the main point of the story . In coming together , the characters find the mutual support that enables them to contend with their respective problems and redirect their lives presumably in a more positive direction . There have been comments that the film does not accurately portray mental illness and conveys negative messages about psychiatric treatment . I completely disagree . And I think these criticisms miss the main point . This is a story in which everyday characters  everyone ca n't have John Nash 's beautiful mind  experience mental disorders as part of their lives and manage to cope with them and ultimately prevail . They overcome the emotional problems that affect them , as characters in other stories overcome different forms of adversity . Review : ` Silver Linings ' will give audiences a lift In portraying the characters in this story as affected by mental illness , the film communicates powerful and constructive messages that resonate with the public . It says that mental illness affects ordinary people in normal domestic settings . Many people regard mental illness as remote and rare , only affecting people to whom the average person  whoever that may be  could not relate . Yet epidemiologic studies tell us that one in four persons will suffer from mental illness in their lifetime . The film also shows us that treatment can work and people can overcome their disorders . All are not doomed to suffer . The main character in the film suffers from bipolar disorder , a condition for which there is a risk of violent behavior if symptoms become severe and go untreated . However , with the support of his family , the efforts of his psychiatrist and the love of a good woman , he avoids the tragic outcomes that we unfortunately have seen repeatedly in our society , and he achieves a new beginning . Of course , continued treatment and support will be required to keep things on track . By providing this touching every-person portrayal of mental illness in the tumultuous aftermath of the horrific events in Connecticut , this film , ever so slightly , helps to ease our collective pain and provides a silver lining to this national black cloud . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. Jeffrey Lieberman .	Dr. Jeffrey Lieberman : Entertainment industry has long exploited deranged behavior "  Silver Linings Playbook " shows mental illness in "  natural and poignant terms " Lieberman : We need a reality check against "  exaggerated fears " of mental illness
Police in Arkansas said Wednesday a man fatally shot while handcuffed in the back of a police car had called his girlfriend that night and told her he had a gun and was scared . Chavis Carter , 21 , died July 28 while in the back of a Jonesboro Police Department car from a close-range gunshot . On Wednesday , police issued a news release , saying that because of the unusual nature of his death , they were going to release some information in the wake of many Freedom of Information requests even though the investigation is ongoing . The lead investigator interviewed Carter 's girlfriend Wednesday , police said , and she told him that Carter called her from the police car , said he loved her , that he was frightened and had a gun . The girlfriend 's name is not mentioned in the release . The police report from that night shows officers originally put Carter in the back of a car without handcuffs before determining that there was a warrant for his arrest in Mississippi . They searched him a second time before leaving him handcuffed in the back seat of a patrol car where he died . Police said Wednesday they presume Carter hid the gun while in the car the first time . Phone records indicate he made two calls that night . The Arkansas medical examiner has ruled Carter 's death a suicide . "  At the time of discharge , the muzzle of the gun was placed against the right temporal scalp , " the crime lab 's report states . Police said they discovered a .380 - caliber Cobra semi-automatic pistol when they found Carter 's body slumped over . An attorney for the Carter family said Wednesday that he was disturbed to learn that no gun residue test was done on people at the scene . "  Anyone searching hard for the truth would have performed those tests on Chavis and the arresting officers , " Benjamin Irwin , a Memphis-based attorney for the Cochran Law Firm said in a written statement . Jonesboro police said they prepared Carter 's hands to be examined , but the crime lab has a policy that it does n't test suicide or homicide victims . "  Police have been too busy trying to prove their conclusion to consider any other possible scenarios , " Irwin said . "  The lack of a gun residue test is further proof that the search for critical evidence has been overlooked . " Many people in Jonesboro were skeptical about the shooting , as was Carter 's mother . "  I think they killed him , " Theresa Carter told CNN on August 15 . "  I mean , my son was n't suicidal . " She also said her son was left-handed and wondered how police could find a bag of marijuana and not find a gun when they searched her son . There have been several protests in Jonesboro by citizens who do n't believe the explanation by police . Police have released a video in which an officer dramatizes how someone could shoot themselves while in the back of a police car . The officer was the same height and build as Carter , police said . They also have released the interview room video of a witness who said police were standing outside the car when a shot was fired . The autopsy also showed that Carter tested positive for marijuana , amphetamines  including meth  and benzodiazepines , classified by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration as depressants . Also in Wednesday 's release , the police said they talked to witnesses who appeared in a video from Carter 's cell phone . One of the witnesses , who is in jail , said he texted Carter and requested he bring the gun to a drug deal that July night .	Girlfriend was interviewed by a detective on Wednesday , police say Chavis Carter made two calls while in a police car , phone records show The 21-year-old had been searched for a weapon twice He died from a single shot at close range
Looks like it 's a bad time to be sexing up your publicly viewable video gaming . With debate swirling over treatment of women in gaming , Twitch , a service that lets users broadcast themselves playing games or watch others doing so , has banned "  wearing no clothing or sexually suggestive clothing " in posts on the site . "  Nerds are sexy , and you 're all magnificent , beautiful creatures , but let 's try and keep this about the games , shall we ? " reads a section titled "  Dress ... appropriately " in Twitch 's Rules of Conduct , which were updated Tuesday . Boasting more than 55 million monthly visitors , Twitch was purchased by Amazon in August for a reported $ 970 million . The near billion-dollar price tag , combined with the fact that other tech heavyweights like Google were also pursuing a deal , highlights the massive popularity that video gaming has amassed as a spectator sport . Under the new rules , gamers can be suspended from Twitch for nudity or broadcasting themselves wearing items "  including lingerie , swimsuits , pasties , and undergarments . " While dealing with a serious issue , the rules maintain a playful tone . "  You may have a great six-pack , but that 's better shared on the beach during a 2-on-2 volleyball game blasting ` Playing with the Boys , ' " read the rules , with a link to the iconic scene of that nature from the movie "  Top Gun . " "  If it 's unbearably hot where you are , and you happen to have your shirt off  gents  or a bikini top  ladies  , then just crop the webcam to your face . If your lighting is hot , get fluorescent bulbs to reduce the heat . Xbox One Kinect does n't zoom ? Move it closer to you , or turn it off . There is always a workaround . " While the post 's wording goes out of its way to note the rules apply to both men and women , it comes at a time when female game developers , journalists and players have been targeted with death and rape threats , among other abuse , linked to the so-called GamerGate movement . Behind the furor over GamerGate Ostensibly about ethics in video-game journalism , the movement quickly targeted "  social justice warriors , " most of them women , who questioned the portrayal of women in video games as well as the treatment of women in the community . Most recently , actress Felicia Day , known for the gaming-oriented Web series "  The Guild , " had her email and real-world address posted online less than an hour after a blog post in which she criticized GamerGate . Day had written that she feared retribution when she decided to share her views on the movement . In recent weeks , game designer Zoe Quinn , gaming critic Anita Sarkeesian and game designer Brianna Wu have all received threats of violence on Twitter and other platforms .	Twitch has said gamers ca n't broadcast without clothes on Twitch is a popular service that lets users broadcast themselves playing video games It was purchased by Amazon in August The new rule comes as a spotlight is on treatment of women in gaming
The man who ran the West Virginia mine that exploded in 2010 , in what was one of the worst U.S. mine disasters in decades , was indicted Thursday on federal charges . Don Blankenship , the former CEO of Massey Energy , faces four charges : conspiracy to violate mandatory federal mine safety and health standards , conspiracy to impede federal mine safety officials , making false statements to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , and securities fraud . The counts carry a maximum combined penalty of 31 years in prison , according to the Justice Department . "  The indictment alleges that from about January 1 , 2008 , through about April 9 , 2010 , Blankenship conspired to commit and cause routine , willful violations of mandatory federal mine safety and health standards at Massey Energy 's Upper Big Branch mine , located in Raleigh County , West Virginia , the department said in a statement . Massey was the fourth-largest coal producer in the United States and the largest mine operator in Appalachia at the time of the Upper Big Branch explosion , which killed 29 workers . But it had racked up an extensive list of violations before the disaster , and a 2011 report by the U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration found that Massey had a history of "  systematic , intentional , and aggressive efforts " to evade safety regulations . The company kept two sets of books to mislead miners and inspectors , tipped off crews before surprise inspections and intimidated workers to prevent them from reporting violations , the report found . Blankenship 's attorney , William W. Taylor , III , said Thursday that his client is innocent of the charges , and will fight them and be acquitted . "  Don Blankenship has been a tireless advocate for mine safety . His outspoken criticism of powerful bureaucrats has earned this indictment . He will not yield to their effort to silence him . He will not be intimidated , " the lawyer said . Massey was bought by another company , Alpha Natural Resources , after the disaster . In December 2011 , it settled with the Justice Department for a record $ 209 million in fines , penalties and compensation for families of the men killed at Upper Big Branch .	Don Blankenship faces four federal charges , including conspiracy and making false statements He oversaw the West Virginia mine that exploded in 2010 , killing 29 workers Blankenship 's attorney says he will fight the charges , and be acquitted The Upper Big Branch explosion was one of the worst U.S. mine disasters in decades
London , England  CNN  -- Over half the world 's population now live in cities according to the United Nations . Unprecedented levels of urban migration in recent decades coupled with the challenges presented by climate change are threatening to create a perfect storm for city planners , design engineers and architects . The history of cities has too often been one of waste and inefficiency . But if cities are to have a viable future they will have to be transformed into lean , clean , people-friendly machines . But for many city dwellers , the future is already here . The citizens of Iceland 's capital , Reykjavik and Vancouver in British Columbia , Canada already enjoy energy supplied almost exclusively from renewables . Vancouver is somewhat blessed geographically -- with mountains , rivers , oceans and valleys -- but citizens there have always tried to help what nature has provided . Jane McRae , is program director at the International Center for Sustainable Cities  ICSC  which is based in the city . "  I think sustainability has always been important here because it 's a beautiful place and people value the environment . Green ideas are well accepted here and it creates a climate for innovation and pushing the envelope a bit , " McRae told CNN . For the past 17 years , McRae and her colleagues at the ICSC have been spreading the message of urban sustainability at home and overseas sharing ideas and innovations with cities , regions and associations in Asia , Africa and Europe . The same sustainability rules apply to cities wherever they are , according to McRae . They need to be looked at as "  one complex system , " she says , which "  recognizes the inter-relations and interactions of the four elements of sustainability -- economic , environmental , social and cultural -- and treat the whole system as a whole . "  Sustainability is complex and requires moving from short term problem-solving to long term thinking . " Cities also need to adopt a far more integrated approach to management of key services like water , waste and transport and encourage participation at all levels of the community in decision-making . "  It is the cornerstone of sustainable development , " McRae says . These levels of engagement have been evident in cities like Freiberg , in south west Germany . Completed in 2006 , the Vauben project transformed an old army barracks into a sustainable , energy-efficient community of 5000 people . Some cities have been grappling with green issues for much longer . Curitiba -- 330 kilometers south-west of Sao Paulo -- in Brazil introduced a sustainable transport system  Bus Rapid Transit  over 30 years ago . Others projects like the Masdar eco city project  completion date 2016  in the United Arab Emirates perhaps point to a new breed of sustainable settlement . McRae has been impressed with what U.S. cities Portland and Chicago have accomplished and praises Europeans being a leaders in tackling greenhouse gas emissions and energy conservation . But she cautions against complacency . "  We will not be sustainable if only a few cities become sustainable , " she said . "  Until cities are producing less waste and not taking resources from the earth that we ca n't regenerate sufficiently so that future generations are going to have access to the same kinds of resources that we do . That 's the ultimate definition of sustainability , " McRae added . The U.N. predict that by 2050 over two-thirds of the total world population -- projected to be 9.5 billion -- will live in cities . Only time -- and an enormous effort on the part of everyone -- will tell if cities can survive the twin assault of humans and climate change . Is your city blazing a green trail ? Do you think other cities are deserving of more praise for their sustainability measures . We would like to hear from you . Use the sound off box below to leave your comments .	Mass migration has created more city dwellers than ever before Rising populations and climate change mean cities will have to become sustainable North American cities Vancouver and Portland are good models of efficiency
CNN  -- Former teen idol David Cassidy faces a drunken driving charge after a Florida Highway Patrol officer stopped him on a Fort Pierce , Florida , highway Wednesday night . Cassidy , 60 , failed roadside sobriety tests and registered at .14 on an alcohol breath test , according to the arrest report . A reading of .08 or higher is illegal for drivers in Florida . The singer-actor "  appeared to be somewhat confused " and was "  very apologetic for having to be stopped , " the arresting officer said . Police found a half-empty bottle of bourbon under the seat of Cassidy 's Mercedes , although he told the officer he had only consumed a glass of wine with lunch several hours earlier , the report said . He told the officer he took a hydrocodone pill -- a pain medication also known as Vicodin -- about three hours earlier . The trooper pulled Cassidy over after his car left the roadway and went onto the shoulder rumble strip two times before cutting off another car at an exit ramp , the police report said . Cassidy posted bail early Thursday and was released from the St. Lucie County Jail , according a jail spokeswoman . Cassidy 's publicist said his lawyer advised her not to comment yet on the incident . "  David would , however , like to assure everyone that he is all right and thank his family , friends and fans for their love and support , " publicist Jo-Ann Geffen said . Cassidy starred on "  The Partridge Family " in the 1970s , launching his pop music career . He would fill concert venues with screaming teen-aged girls with such hits as "  I Think I Love You . " His most recent acting job was on the ABC Family sitcom "  Ruby & the Rockits , " in which Cassidy played an aging former teen heartthrob . The show was canceled this year after its first season .	NEW : Cassidy was released from jail on bail early Thursday Police found half-empty bourbon bottle under Cassidy 's seat He registered at .14 in breath test Former teen idol starred on "  The Partridge Family "
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Thirty-eight al Qaeda militants were killed in clashes with Yemen 's military , local security officials said Friday . At least 15 troops also died in the violence Thursday morning in the southern provinces of Abyan and Lahjj , the officials said . Dozens were also wounded in a fierce battle involving several army brigades and the air force , state-run news agency SABA said . Militant leaders and foreign elements were among those killed , the news agency said . The Yemeni government this week blamed an affiliate of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula for a massive suicide bombing Monday that killed more than 100 soldiers . Jihadist websites posted a statement purportedly from the group , Ansaar al-Sharia , claiming responsibility for the attack . But CNN could not independently verify the authenticity of the statement . The partially lawless Middle Eastern country has become a central battleground in the fight against al Qaeda . The terror network 's leader recently called for an uprising against the nation 's new president . The Yemeni branch of the group calls itself al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula ; Ansaar al-Sharia is an affiliate of AQAP .	Dozens of al Qaeda militants died in clashes with Yemeni forces , security officials say At least 15 soldiers also lost their lives in the violence in southern Yemen , officials say The violence comes only days after a massive suicide bombing killed more than 100 soldiers
