CNN  The American Civil Liberties Union is challenging an Alabama law that will force those under 18 seeking an abortion to go through an adversarial process that 's akin to a trial . Generally , laws in the United States require parental consent for a minor to obtain an abortion . But for some children , parental consent is impossible or even dangerous . This class of minors must seek a judicial bypass . While the bypass is a common feature of abortion laws in other states , this Alabama law may have gone too far . Here are the suspect provisions of this "  bypass by trial " : • Alabama has turned what is supposed to be an informal , child-centered hearing into more of a trial . • The court can appoint a Guardian ad Litem -- normally an appointed lawyer for a child in , say , a divorce proceeding or a hearing involving unfit parents -- for the fetus . • The minor may be cross-examined by the district attorney and possibly the minor 's parents . • Information about the minor 's pregnancy may be disclosed to her family , friends and employers , and they might even be brought to court to testify -- against the minor . When it comes to abortion , minors are supposed to enjoy the same constitutional right of privacy as adults , free from undue state interference . However , the Supreme Court has also specifically articulated reasons why the constitutional rights of children are not identical to the rights of adults . Children are vulnerable and unable to make critical decisions and , of course , parents have a right to participate in raising their child . States may pass laws that subject minors seeking an abortion to an additional requirement : parental involvement . However , if the state chooses to require parental consent for a pregnant minor to get an abortion , the state also must provide an alternative procedure for obtaining that authorization -- one that "  bypasses " having to get Mom and Dad 's permission . The Supreme Court has required that these hearings "  must assure that resolution ... be completed with anonymity and sufficient expedition to provide an effective opportunity for an abortion to be obtained . " Plus , and perhaps most importantly , the procedure bypassing parental consent can not be a thinly veiled mechanism for an "  absolute , and possibly arbitrary , veto . " In plain language , hearings must be quick and quiet , and they can not be held in kangaroo court . The problem is , this does not give a lot of detailed direction to courts about how exactly to conduct these hearings . It 's not surprising that court procedures vary wildly , and that sooner or later , a state like Alabama would experiment with state abortion law . Our system was specifically designed to allow states to experiment with social and economic legislation . Of course , that state prerogative is also tempered by a federal court 's power to strike these laws down if they are unconstitutional . In this case , the ACLU 's position is that creating an adversarial hearing goes too far . A hearing is fine , it seems , but something approaching a trial rises to the level of an impermissible "  undue burden " on the right to have an abortion . This has been defined by the courts as placing a substantial obstacle in the path of the adult , or minor child seeking the abortion . The federal court that reviews these state statutes will be charged with determining whether Alabama 's law violates established Supreme Court bypass requirements . But what about the actual bypass requirements themselves ? They are a creation of the Supreme Court . Striking down an act of a state legislature is one thing -- challenging settled Supreme Court precedent is entirely another . What if the constitutional standards for bypass procedures contain something of an intrinsic paradox ? Consider how it applies in this case . In Alabama , a judge at one of these hearings is required to waive the parental consent requirement if the judge finds either : 1  that the minor is mature and well-informed enough to make the abortion decision on her own ; or 2  that performance of the abortion would be in the best interest of the minor . Abstract concepts like "  mature " and "  best interest " are rather amorphous at best .  True story : A respected law professor advised many classes of students that when confronted on the bar exam with a question about a child , do the following : Write "  best interest of the child " somewhere in the first sentence ; then write "  whatever the heck you want " for the rest of the answer . So then , the court must determine whether the minor is mature -- mature enough that she may have the court 's permission to have an abortion . This means the court can then arrive at this Kafkaesque , perplexing alternative : A particular minor is too immature to have an abortion -- with the result being that this immature minor ... should therefore be ... a parent of an infant ? It gets stranger : What about a finding that it is in the best interest of the young mother to have the baby , even though she is deemed too immature to have an abortion ? How would it be in the best interest of the immature mother to have a child ? State courts and legislatures are not completely to blame ; after all , the law of minors and juveniles is always going to be about some difficult but arbitrary line-drawing . Whether we 're considering the drinking age , the driving age or the voting age , we 've learned over the centuries that kids mature at different ages . Plus there is no easy legal formula to address the myriad situations of messed-up families . Unfortunately , legislatures must draw some lines -- lines that will not always be workable in every situation . And there are surely situations where the bypass might actually be effective : for example , a very young pregnant minor with completely absent parents , who needs court intervention . The problem is , if it creates an undue burden in one situation , then it 's constitutionally suspect . But ultimately , building up the procedural hurdles for a pregnant minor almost by definition encroaches upon the limits set some time ago by the Supreme Court . It 's a procedure that needs to be defined ; teen pregnancy certainly is n't going anywhere anytime soon . Neither are lousy families , unfortunately . Whether the boundary lines of judicial bypass ebb toward the autonomy of minors , or back toward the state interest in the fetus , the broader social "  findings " of judicial bypass proceedings will always remain the same : It 's all very sad .	Cevallos : Alabama may go too far in the process used to decide if a teenager can have an abortion without parental consent He says a court hearing makes sense , but an adversarial process , like a trial , is questionable
RIYADH , Saudi Arabia  CNN  -- The Taliban in Afghanistan have momentum that makes any effort to negotiate with them difficult , the U.S. defense secretary said . Defense Secretary Robert Gates arrived in Cairo , Egypt , on Monday . He 's visiting Afghanistan on Wednesday . Secretary Robert Gates spoke to CNN 's Chris Lawrence in an exclusive interview Tuesday evening before leaving for Afghanistan , where he is visiting troops and bases Wednesday . "  The political level of the Taliban probably is n't ready to think about reconciliation or any kind of accommodation at this point , " Gates said in the interview . "  They probably feel like they have the momentum with them . And until that momentum changes , it will be difficult . " As part of the U.S. strategy in Afghanistan , the military and Afghanistan government are attempting to reach out to elements of the Taliban who are engaged in the battle for financial gain , rather than ideological gain . "  There are really two groups we 're talking about -- the younger , or less committed , who do this mainly to earn a living and put food on the table for their families , and those that are more ideologically committed . The latter are going to be a tougher pull , and we 'll probably have to wait awhile before there 's an opportunity there . " On Monday , CNN 's Nic Robertson interviewed a spokesman for the Taliban , Zabiullah Mujahid , who said the Taliban will only negotiate with the Afghanistan government when the United States leaves the country . "  Our conditions are clear , we want to negotiate and they -LSB- the U.S. -RSB- will not interfere in our affairs ; secondly , they -LSB- the U.S. -RSB- will leave the country , " Mujahid told CNN . Gates said the stance was not surprising . "  Well I do n't know what else he 'd say . He 's leading the opposition , he 's leading this insurgency . He 's not going to sort of , sort of throw down and say ` We 're ready to negotiate , we 're about done here , ' " Gates said . The United States is adding 21,000 troops to the Afghanistan battlefield . The majority will be moving to the south to confront the Taliban along the porous Pakistani border . The Taliban have had mostly free rein in that area with few U.S. or coalition forces to confront them until now . Gates admitted moving the battle to the south will mean there is "  a tough fight ahead . " "  I think , certainly , I have been pretty clear . As we move into areas of the south that have not seen any Afghan or coalition forces so far , we 're clearly going to be going into areas where the Taliban are very entrenched , " he said . "  And , sad to say , I expect with the rising level of our activity and operations , there probably will be higher casualties . " In recent weeks , the Pakistani government has seen the Taliban gain control on its side of the Afghanistan-Pakistan border . Privately , Pakistani officials have expressed concern to the United States that the increased fighting in southern Afghanistan will only push the Taliban back to the Pakistani side . "  Well I think it 's just the reality that there are extremists on both sides of that border . And they threaten both the elected government of Afghanistan and the elected government of Pakistan . So like it or not , they both have a certain common enemy , " Gates said . Gates said he is encouraged by recent cooperation efforts between the two countries to deal with the problem , and by Pakistan 's recent confrontation with the Taliban in Bunir province , near the capital of Islamabad . "  The signs right now are pretty positive , " he told CNN .	U.S. defense secretary : Political level not ready for reconciliation , accommodation U.S. trying to reach out to Taliban interested in financial gain , not ideological gain Taliban spokesman : We will negotiate with Afghan government when U.S. leaves Gates says that as U.S. forces build up in southern Afghanistan , fight will be tougher
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- Shaquille O'Neal may be 7 feet tall and one of the most dominant players in NBA history , but here at the South by Southwest Interactive festival , he 's just a big nerd . Shaq has spent the past few days in Austin meeting entrepreneurs , checking out new gadgets and sharing his thoughts on tech , social media , basketball and , well , almost everything else . He spent part of Sunday touring the SXSW trade show , where startups hawk their latest products . "  I thought I was at Toys R Us . I bought stuff I did n't even need , " he told a capacity crowd at an onstage talk Monday afternoon . "  I 'm on my iPad , my computer , every day . I 'm the world 's tallest geek . " During Shaq 's appearance , his first at SXSW , he offered a mix of earnest life lessons and good-natured humor . The 19-year NBA veteran praised the "  dummy-proof " nature of today 's simple-to-use tablets and phones . "  If you do n't know how to work technology now , something is really , really wrong with you . " O'Neal has long been a force on Twitter , where he has 6.8 million followers . He said he uses the service "  60 % to make you laugh , 30 % to inspire you , and 10 % to sell stuff . I do a lot of ` your mama ' jokes on it . " But Shaq 's playful personality masks a potent ambition and a shrewd knack for business . He earned an MBA while playing for the Los Angeles Lakers and later bought a lucrative stake in Google before its IPO in 2004 . Currently , he sits on the advisory board for Tout , a social-media startup that lets users make and share 15-second videos . "  I 've always tried to partner with people who are way , way smarter than me , " said the Big Aristotle  one of his many nicknames  , who retired from the NBA in 2011 . "  I 've always been a person ...  who thinks  I do n't want you to give me anything . I want to earn it . " Asked by interviewer Brian Solis what he looks for when investing in a tech product , he said , "  Simplicity . I 'm looking for something that 's very simple ... and that 's going to change the world . I look for individuals who are sort of like myself -- big dreamers . " He may have found a few . Before he arrived in Austin , O'Neal and Tout joined up for a "  Pitch Shaq " contest in which they invited registered SXSW attendees to submit 15-second elevator pitches about their startups . The winner was promised a personal audience with Shaq and possibly an infusion of his cash . At the close of his remarks Monday , Shaq said he had viewed more than 150 pitches and had chosen two winners : Beam , which makes a mobile videoconferencing device that rolls around on wheels like a Segway ; and Speakerfy , a social-sound app that lets you wirelessly sync music between different Apple mobile devices . Both startups , when contacted by CNN at their booths inside the Austin Convention Center , were pleasantly stunned by the news . But they do n't need Shaq 's money . "  We 're very flattered . I 'd love to figure out how Shaq could use  our device  in his business , " said Scott Hassan , CEO of Beam . "  We 're not really looking for funding right now . We 're well funded . But if he really wants to , we could probably work something out . " "  We 're very excited , do n't get me wrong . We would love to do anything with Shaq . We want his advice , " said Austin Wright , vice president of operations for Speakerfy . "  But we 're good , funding-wise , "  he said . "  That 's awkward . Do we tell Shaq no ? " Unlikely star of SXSW : Grumpy Cat	Shaquille O'Neal has been in Austin meeting entrepreneurs , checking out new gadgets The former NBA star spoke at the SXSW Interactive festival "  If you do n't know how to work technology now , something is really wrong with you , " he says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Imagine if cars ran on household waste , if gas tanks were filled with ethanol made from wood chips . Well , the technology to make it happen is already a reality and companies are now racing to bring this kind of fuel to a gas pump near you . Waste wood can be used to produce ethanol to fuel cars . With the right processing , ethanol can be produced from pretty much any form of organic matter . Cellulosic ethanol is made from the cellulose found in waste materials like wood chips and the non-edible parts of food crops , or from purpose-grown grasses such as switchgrass and miscanthus . These grasses can be grown on land unsuitable for food production , meaning they 're not in competition with food crops , and the whole plant can be used to produce fuel , making them a more efficient use of land than traditional biofuels . Because cellulosic ethanol takes much less energy to produce than traditional biofuels , it 's an even greener alternative to gasoline . According to the U.S. Department of Energy , cellulosic ethanol produces 85 % less greenhouse gases than gasoline . So far , the production of cellulosic ethanol has been limited to pilot plants demonstrating that the technology works , but a number of companies have announced plans to build commercial-scale plants . INEOS Bio , an offshoot of UK-based chemical company INEOS , is soon to announce the location of its first commercial plant , which will produce ethanol from waste materials . The INEOS Bio method involves superheating biomass to produce a synthesis gas that is converted to ethanol by microbes , meaning it utilizes the lignin content of the waste as well as the cellulose . "  We can use a wide range of materials but we want to stick with biodegradable materials . That could be household waste , garden waste , agricultural waste or forestry waste , " a spokesperson for INEOS Bio told CNN . "  One of the exciting things is that a production plant could well be in a big city , allied to their waste disposal issues . We can take waste and rather than put it into landfill , we can turn it into ethanol . "  This is not a specialist thing ; it 's not for a few people here and there . We believe we 'll be able to mass produce this for millions of cars . And if you use ethanol as a blend with gasoline , which is how it 's most commonly used , you could find almost every car is one day running on this , " the spokesperson added . How do you think our cars will be fuelled in the future ? Governments have already committed to using biofuels of some kind as a substitute for gasoline . The EU has required that 10 % of petrol and diesel will come from renewable sources by 2020 and the U.S. is aiming to produce 36 billion gallons of biofuel annually by 2022 . Currently , biofuels are mostly produced from sugar cane , grain or oil-seed crops , but increasing demand for biofuels has meant an increasing demand for the crops used to make them , and that demand has been blamed for driving up global food prices . There have also been claims that biofuel production in developing countries is accelerating the destruction of rain forests and doubts have been raised about the effectiveness of traditional biofuels in reducing greenhouse gases . The result is that attention is now turning to producing biofuels from other sources . INEOS is one of the world 's largest chemical companies and the involvement of big corporations is a sign that the technology is being taken seriously . General Motors has joined forces with U.S. firms Mascoma and Coskata , and Dupont has teamed up with Genencor to develop cellulosic ethanol , promising $ 140 million of funding for the project . But cost is king and according to Neil Harl , emeritus professor of economics at Iowa State University , price is ultimately what will determine if cellulosic ethanol becomes the fuel of the future . "  You have to do more than demonstrate that it can be done , you have to show that it can be done profitably , " says Harl , citing a 2007 IMF report on biofuels that describes cellulosic ethanol as twice as expensive to produce as gasoline and 75 % more expensive than corn-based ethanol . However , that report was based on oil trading at $ 65 a barrel and higher oil prices make alternatives like cellulosic ethanol increasingly attractive options , especially when you factor in technological advances . "  Right now funds are flowing out to new technologies but I think it really is going to come down to a question of what will emerge from this array of technological possibilities , " says Harl . "  As we move forward the question becomes ` what is going to be the long-term least-cost energy source ? ' "	Cellulosic ethanol can be made from wood , grasses or the waste parts of plants INEOS Bio is set to start commercial production of ethanol from waste products Production must become more economical if cellulosic ethanol is to succeed
CNN  -- Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos was at home Saturday after leaving a hospital where he underwent surgery for prostate cancer this week . "  A million thanks to everyone for their support and solidarity , " the president wrote on his official Twitter page . On Monday , Santos announced that he had prostate cancer , but described the tumor as "  small " and "  not aggressive . " He underwent surgery Wednesday at a hospital in Bogota , Colombia 's capital . Upon leaving the hospital , Santos spoke to reporters , according to CNN affiliate Caracol . The 61-year-old president said the tumor had not metastasized . "  In other words , I 'm totally cured , " Santos said . The news comes about one week before the government is expected to start peace talks with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , commonly known as the FARC . Talks to end the nearly 50-year war are set to begin in Oslo , Norway , on October 14 , Caracol reported . They had previously been scheduled to start Monday . Recently , doctors have diagnosed several current and former South American leaders with cancer . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez first announced his diagnosis last year , though neither he nor anyone in his government has specified the type of cancer . Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff overcame cancer while she was a candidate for the office , and former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva underwent treatment for throat cancer . Then-Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma in 2010 , while Argentinian President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner was treated for thyroid cancer this year .	"  I 'm totally cured , " says Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos He says the tumor had not metastasized , thanks his supporters Doctors have diagnosed several current and former South American leaders with cancer
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo salvaged a point for Real Madrid in a pulsating and controversial Madrid derby Sunday to keep his side top of the three-way title race in La Liga . Real were trailing Atletico 2-1 with eight minutes remaining when he equalized after an assist from Gareth Bale , firing home from the edge of the area . The draw left Real three points clear of Atletico , but defending champions Barcelona closed to within a point with a 4-1 win over Almeria later Sunday . Alexis Sanchez put them ahead after just eight minutes in the Nou Camp before Lionel Messi made it 2-0 with a stunning free kick , his eighth goal in six games . Angel Trujillo pulled one back for the visitors and it took late goals from Carles Puyol and Xavi to seal the victory . Atletico were looking to complete the league double over their capital rivals but were beaten 5-0 on aggregate by Real in the Copa del Rey semifinals last month . When Karim Benzema put the league leaders in front after just three minutes from an Angel di Maria cross it looked as Los Rojiblancos would be left with red faces again , but it proved the opposite . Sergio Ramos appeared fortunate not to concede a penalty when he tripped star Atletico striker Diego Costa but the home side were in front by half time as Koke and Gabi struck with spectacular long range efforts . A further penalty appeal involving Costa in the second half was also turned away and home assistant coach Mono Burgos was sent to the stands for protesting . Real pushed for the equalizer and Thibaut Courtois had to be alert again to push away Bale 's flicked header . Ronaldo might have leveled when he headed wide from a good position but he made no mistake when presented with a second opportunity in the 82nd minute . The Portuguese star was playing his first La Liga match after serving a three-game ban for being sent off last month . It was the 28th game unbeaten for Carlo Ancelotti 's team since a 2-1 reverse to Barcelona last year and they came into the match on a high after a record 6-1 thrashing of Schalke in the Champions League . But the draw did end a run of eight straight wins in all competitions at the Vicente Calderon stadium for Real . "  I think we can leave here reinforced , we have drawn a game in which we were losing , " said Ancelotti . "  The reaction of the players was good , in general we can be satisfied because Atletico Madrid are a very good team , especially at home , " he added . In Serie A , Juventus took a bigger grip on the title with a 2-0 away win at AC Milan , leaving them 11 points clear of Roma , who were held to a goalless draw by Inter Milan Saturday . Fernando Llorente and Carlos Tevez scored either side of halftime for the defending champions in the San Siro . Third-placed Napoli dropped points in a 1-1 away draw at Livorno .	Real Madrid salvage 2-2 draw against Atletico in Madrid derby Los Blancos stay top of La Liga Cristiano Ronaldo scores late equalizer Barcelona close gap to one point with 4-1 win over Almeria
CNN  -- The death of an Arab bus driver discovered hanged in his bus near Jerusalem is generating controversy among Palestinians who reject the police finding of suicide . Yousuf al-Ramouni of Jerusalem was found dead Sunday . Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said Monday on Twitter that findings of the autopsy indicate his death was "  not criminal related whatsoever . " But the driver 's brother , Oussama al-Ramouni , described seeing bruises and "  signs of blood " on his brother 's back . "  This is not the work of one individual but several individuals , " he told CNN . Yousuf al-Ramouni died the same day an Israeli was stabbed with a screwdriver near central Jerusalem , the latest in a string of stabbing attacks targeting Israelis . The stabbing victim was taken to the hospital in moderate condition , Rosenfeld said Sunday . CNN 's Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	Relatives of bus driver found hanged in bus reject police finding of suicide Yousuf al-Ramouni 's brother says he saw bruises and blood on the body "  This is not the work of one individual but several individuals , " he says
CNN  -- A June trial has been set for a Detroit-area man who said he accidentally shot and killed a 19-year-old woman he thought was breaking into his home . Theodore Paul Wafer , 54 , pleaded not guilty at his arraignment Wednesday to second-degree murder charges in connection with the November 2 , 2013 shooting of Renisha McBride . Authorities said McBride was intoxicated and possibly disoriented following a car crash before Wafer shot her on his porch in the community of Dearborn Heights . The trial was set for June 2 . Last month , District Court Judge David Turfe said there was enough probable cause for Wafer to stand trial in connection with the shooting . "  Defendant came to the door with the shotgun , " Turfe said , according to CNN Michigan affiliate WXYZ . "  His first thought was to bring the gun , not call for help , or not answer the door . It suggests to this court , the defendant made a bad choice . " A friend of McBride told the court that she and the victim had been playing a drinking game with vodka and smoking marijuana the night of the shooting . Wafer , whose lawyer said he shot the victim in self-defense , was charged with second-degree murder last month after days of pressure from McBride 's relatives seeking an arrest . He also was charged with manslaughter and possession of a firearm in the commission of a felony . Wafer told investigators he thought McBride was breaking into his home , and that the shotgun accidentally discharged when he investigated , police said . McBride was unarmed and there was no evidence of a break-in , so Wafer -- who authorities say shot McBride from behind a closed , locked screen door -- can not lawfully claim he needed to shoot her to stop an imminent threat of death or great bodily harm , Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy told reporters in November . "  I am saying we do not believe he acted in lawful self-defense , " Worthy said . Opinion : Why are black murder victims put on trial ?	Detroit-area man to stand trial in June for second-degree murder Theodore Paul Wafer shot and killed Renisha McBride on his porch Renisha McBride 's family pushed for an arrest Her family says she was seeking help after a car accident
CNN  -- With the passing of Steve Jobs earlier this month , the tech industry lost one of its most revered icons . So where will the industry turn for inspiration now that Jobs is gone ? New Apple CEO Tim Cook will keep the business cranking along , but he 's unlikely to inspire the same kind of devotion as Jobs . Facebook leader Mark Zuckerberg has star power , but he and his company are still too young and untested . At Google , Larry Page is too awkward and Eric Schmidt too slick , and a lot of the company 's recent products are too unfinished . But there 's one tech leader who just might fit the bill : Amazon 's Jeff Bezos . Bezos runs his business the same way Steve Jobs ran his , with a relentless focus on long-term value over short-term profits and a willingness to place big bets in seemingly unrelated new areas . Steve Jobs took Apple on a detour from personal computers into music with the iPod , and then into cell phones with the iPhone . It worked , and made Apple into the biggest and richest tech company in the world . Jeff Bezos is doing the same thing at Amazon . About five years ago , Amazon noticed it had a lot of spare capacity in its data centers that was only used during the holiday season . So it started renting out some of that capacity to other companies . Now hundreds of high-profile Internet startups , including big names like Foursquare and Yelp , run their businesses on Amazon Web Services . Somehow , an online bookseller became the most important provider of "  cloud computing " -- a fancy term for running other companies ' online services . In 2007 , Amazon introduced its electronic reader , the Kindle . The product limped along for a couple of years , then started to take off in 2010 with the third generation . But next month Amazon will unveil Kindle Fire , a color version that is more like a full tablet computer , with an app store , music store , video store , and new kind of Web browser designed to load Web pages faster . And it sells for $ 199 , which is hundreds of dollars less than Apple 's iPad . No wonder Amazon is having to build millions more than it expected to meet demand . Somehow , an online bookseller could become one of the dominant players in tablet computing . Bezos not only resembles Jobs in his business practices . He 's also got a lot of the same personal traits . He 's a control freak Google engineer Steve Yegge , who formerly worked at Amazon , accidentally published a post criticizing his current employer and praising Amazon and Bezos .  The post was supposed to be for Google 's eyes only .  He said Bezos was a micromanager who "  made ordinary control freaks look like stoned hippies . " A Portfolio.com profile in 2009 said Bezos wanted to know the details of every contract Amazon signed and had to sign off on how he was quoted in every press release . He does n't like dissent Bezos often tells employees that they 're lucky to work at Amazon and leaves sticky notes reminding them who 's in charge if they disagree with him , according to Yegge . He has otherworldly smarts In a follow-up post , Yegge explained how Bezos was so smart that you could only impress him in presentations if you deleted every third paragraph to keep his brain occupied -- and even then , he 'd figure out something you missed . "  People like Jeff are better regarded as hyper-intelligent aliens with a tangential interest in human affairs . " He always wanted to change the world According to a 1999 profile in Wired , a high school girlfriend says that Bezos wanted to make money from an early age , but not to be rich -- he wanted to use the money to change the future . He is obsessed with secrecy Some companies are like leaky sieves -- Hewlett-Packard ca n't keep an internal secret to save its life , and Google and Facebook products leak all the time . The tech press publishes all sorts of rumors about Apple , but most of them turn out to be wrong because the company places a high premium on secrecy . But Amazon is even more secretive than Apple . He was born in hard circumstances Jobs was born to a young mother out of wedlock and given up for adoption . Bezos was born to a teenage mother whose marriage to his biological father lasted little more than a year .  Bezos has his adopted father 's last name and considers him his real father , just as Jobs considered his adoptive parents his real parents . To be sure , there are some major differences between the two men . Jobs dropped out of liberal arts college Reed and bummed around for a few years before figuring out what to do with his life ; Bezos graduated from Princeton and went straight to work on Wall Street . Jobs had a bit of the California hippie in him , practicing Buddhism and trying natural remedies to cure his cancer ; Bezos is more of a classic computer scientist , obsessed with space travel and mechanically adept . Most important , Amazon has n't yet created many products that inspire the kind of love that the iPod , iPhone and iPad do . There are n't any Amazon fans -- or at least they 're nowhere near as obsessed as Apple 's . But give Bezos another five years and a few more new product areas , and that might change , too . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matt Rosoff . Copyright © 2011 Business Insider .	Jeff Bezos and Steve Jobs share more similarities than differences Amazon , like Apple , is a powerful source in tablet , technology manufacturing Bezos resembles Jobs in both business practices and personal characteristics
CNN  -- This was Rick Santorum 's first debate with front-runner status . That means it was his time to get grilled like a fine Kansas City steak . And I would n't say he came out of it like a filet . Even though his rivals missed some opportunities to press their case against the former senator from Pennsylvania , Santorum could n't escape the barbecue . It was his old nemesis , Ron Paul , who had the most damning attacks . Perhaps we should have expected Paul , who has been arguing with Santorum ever since the first debates , to be the most prepared . After all , they have been sparring for more than six months . Paul began the debate by calling Santorum a fake . And he did n't shy away from it . One issue was the fact that Santorum voted for No Child Left Behind . Paul was arguing that Santorum could n't control the deficit and cited the expense of No Child Left Behind as one example . Paul 's best line came after Santorum compared his conservative record to other members of Congress -- the Texas lawmaker said the American people are sick of Congress , so it 's a "  cop-out " to compare yourself to them . He said Santorum had no credibility since he acted one way while in the Senate but argued for a different policy while running for president . I thought this was damning enough , but then later in the debate , Santorum stepped in deeper when he said he voted for No Child Left Behind even though it was against his beliefs , calling politics a team sport and saying he had been supporting President George W. Bush in that vote . I do n't think he understood that he fed right into the critique Paul was making about Santorum 's credibility and sticking with principle .  Did anyone find it ironic that the one word Santorum used to describe himself in the debate was "  courage " ? Paul countered that the idea of "  team sport " is the problem with Washington . One 's obligation should be to his or her oath of office and not to the party . There was another moment when Paul was on the offensive but failed to take full advantage of his position . Paul reminds me of so many debaters I 've watched over the years who see an opening but do n't quite know what to do with it . Paul correctly noticed a problem with Santorum 's support for Title X , which funds family planning programs , coupled with Santorum 's braggadocio solution of creating and voting for Title XX abstinence programs . To his credit , Paul mentioned that Title XX costs money too and , in his view , also overstepped the bounds of the federal government 's rightful role . But he could have completed the argument with just a bit more thought . I 've always loved the "  rephrase " in debates . It is an incredibly effective and persuasive tool . I wanted to see Paul rephrase Santorum 's position . Watch how easy it would have been : "  Rick Santorum now claims that he voted for one costly and intrusive measure  Title X  but made up for it by introducing another costly and intrusive measure  Title XX  . Only in Washington do two wrongs make a right . " Santorum was in a trap , but Paul did n't know how to spring the dang thing . While the attacks weakened Santorum 's debating performance , there were even more missed opportunities to score against him . These Republican presidential debates have demonstrated that it usually takes at least two full debates of being the front-runner before your opponents figure out the most effective attacks . Think back to Herman Cain and 9-9-9  seems so long ago  , or to Mitt Romney and the South Carolina debates or to Newt Gingrich and the Florida debates . Each time a front-runner was singled out by multiple other candidates over a series of debates , that front-runner faltered . But 9-9-9 , "  RomneyCare " and moon colonies were all ideas that escaped their first debate critiques before being skewered in a second attempt . My point is that Santorum is fortunate there are n't any more debates before Super Tuesday , because I think the other candidates would fare even better . Santorum had a couple of weaknesses in this debate that were n't challenged enough . These include the role of women in combat  where he all but said he would overrule the decisions of the military leaders if he disagreed with them  , his vote in support of the "  Bridge to Nowhere "  in how many elections will this be an issue ?  and his oddly contradictory stance on contraception  he is against it while railing on the negative consequences of teen pregnancy and children born out of wedlock  . On Wednesday night , Santorum was on the defensive , and so he was unable to make his best case for president . Gingrich , Romney and Paul all succeeded because they had strong debates , and they stayed , for the most part , out of the fire . There 's only one debate left on the schedule , March 19 . If it takes place , who will the front-runner be by then ? Whoever it is , he will need to be more prepared to debate in my backward-step-pivot-forward technique . The football adage is that defense wins championships , and that could be the case . But it sure does n't win any presidential debates . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Todd Graham .	Debate coach Todd Graham : As new front-runner , Rick Santorum faced his turn to be grilled He says ex-senator appeared inconsistent on issues such as No Child Left Behind vote Ron Paul 's attacks on Santorum effective but could have been even sharper , Graham says Graham : Santorum is lucky there are no more debates before Super Tuesday
Atlanta  CNN  -- Hussein Shafei prepared Saturday for a journey back to a place of darkness in Libya . Soon , he plans to stand again in Cell 14 , Block 2 at the Abu Salim prison in Tripoli . Only this time , the metal door will not slam behind him , caging him in a bathroom-size cell . He will be a free man within the confines of what became a potent symbol of Moammar Gadhafi 's repression -- Libya 's Abu Ghraib . Shafei wants to return to the place where he witnessed a massacre that fuels his nightmares . Sometimes , he said , his wife would wake him up in the middle of the night , saying , "  Hussein . You are screaming . You are scaring the kids . " As many as 1,200 prisoners were killed at Abu Salim in the summer of 1996 , according to Human Rights Watch . Without justice , the infamous event festered in Libya 's national psyche and eventually acted as tinder to spark the flame of revolt in February of this year . Rebels stormed the prison a few days ago , freeing those held inside , including an American journalist . "  I am so excited about Tripoli , " Shafei said of the distinct possibility of the capital falling under rebel control . "  This is the moment I have been waiting for for so many years . " Since his release in 2000 , Shafei had thought about Abu Salim 's dead . Where were their bodies ? What was it like for their children to grow up without their fathers ? For a wife to not know what happened to her husband ? He vowed to expose the carnage of that June day . Then this week in Benghazi , he watched a video posted on YouTube that purportedly showed the storming of Abu Salim . Shafei , now working with the opposition in Benghazi , knew he had to return there . He was waiting to board a plane to Tripoli . Or perhaps , with the fighting still raging in places like Gadhafi 's hometown of Sirte , he will have to go by boat . With the Libyan regime on the brink of collapse , Shafei hopes the truth about Abu Salim will finally be known . He is hardly alone in his wish . The shooting went on for almost three hours Shafei was a teenage college student when he was arrested for offending the regime . Inspired by perestroika reforms in the Soviet Union in the late 1980s , he spoke out in favor of greater freedoms in his own country . Shafei 's mother , Najia , clearly remembers that day in 1988 when she returned to her home in Benghazi to find her daughters wailing . Her son was gone . "  We had no idea where he was , " she said from her home in Atlanta . "  Whether he was alive or dead . " Nineteen months passed before Najia Shafei learned , through contacts , her son 's whereabouts . After that , she occasionally made the long trek west from Benghazi to the prison in Tripoli . The guards would drag her son out of his cell and into a warehouse at the entrance of the jail , where mother and son met . If she was lucky , she got 20 minutes with him , she said . She could never ask him about his situation . There were always guards listening in . He could never tell her about what he knew was going on in that jail -- beatings , torture , deaths . Shafei spent eight years that way , in a cramped cell , without his family or the education he should have finished . His father died in 1994 and he was released for three days to attend the funeral . That was the extent of his freedom . Then , on June 28 , 1996 , prisoners rioting over poor conditions and restricted family visits seized a guard and escaped from their cells . "  Five or seven minutes after it started , the guards on the roofs shot at the prisoners who were in the open areas , " Shafei said in an interview with Human Rights Watch many years later . Security officials ordered the shooting to stop and feigned negotiations . But Shafei told Human Rights Watch that the officials instead called in firing squads to gun down about 1,200 people . He said a grenade was thrown into the courtyards where the prisoners were gathered . "  I heard an explosion , and right after , a constant shooting started from heavy weapons and Kalashnikovs from the top of the roofs , " he said . "  The shooting continued from 11 until 1:35 . " Much later , while buying lamb at a slaughterhouse in the United States , Shafei commented to his brother Nabil : Not even here can they kill at the rate Gadhafi 's men did that day . "  I could not see the dead prisoners who were shot , but I could see those who were shooting , " Shafei told Human Rights Watch . "  They were a special unit and wearing khaki military hats . Six were using Kalashnikovs . I saw them -- at least six men -- on the roofs of the cellblocks . " The next day , Shafei was ordered to clean the blood-smeared watches taken off the wrists of the dead . Human Rights Watch said it had no way to verify Shafei 's story but another description of the incident from a report by the opposition National Front for the Salvation of Libya corroborated Shafei 's account . Gadhafi 's government did not acknowledge the killings and denied any crime had taken place . More than a decade after the Abu Salim incident , the United Nations Human Rights Council noted that the Libyan government was unable to provide any information on its investigation of the allegations . But the families , mostly from Benghazi , now the de facto rebel capital , did not abandon their longing for answers . Some of them filed a complaint in a Libyan court in 2007 . The Gadhafi regime offered them compensation in exchange for their silence , according to Human Rights Watch . But the families refused the money , considering it a bribe . Instead , they boldly began to protest each Saturday in Benghazi , an action unprecedented in Gadhafi 's four decades of rule . "  It was radical , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , director of the Middle East and Africa division at Human Rights Watch . The government began informing some of the families that their loved ones were dead . But no bodies was ever returned nor a cause of death given . Among those waiting to find out more are three brothers in Atlanta whose father , opposition activist Izzat Almegaryaf , was plucked from his home 20 years ago . The Almegaryaf brothers know their father was detained at Abu Salim -- they received letters from him in the early 1990s . But the letters stopped a few years into Izzat Almegaryaf 's imprisonment . His sons do not know whether their father was among the massacre victims . Tasbeeh Herwees , a Libyan-American journalism student in California , recalled in a blog post the funerals for the Abu Salim victims held in the summer of 2009 when she visited Benghazi . "  Inna lillahi wa ilayhi rajioon , " each family said . Verily , we belong to God , and to God we return . Herwees tripped over the words in Arabic , but by the end of her stay she had repeated the phrase so many times that she was fluent . "  I spent more time in tents that summer than in my own home , the cloth of my black abaya sticking irritatingly to my skin from the Saharan humidity , " she wrote . "  In the faces of the family of the dead , I detected relief in the sea of sadness . ` At least now we know , ' they said . " Then in February of this year , the regime arrested Fathi Terbil , a human rights lawyer who represented some of the Abu Salim families . Hundreds of people jammed the streets of Benghazi to protest . Terbil was released but the demonstrations did not stop . A revolution took root . "  The memories of that summer come rushing back as I watch the present events in Libya unfold from my home in Cypress , California , " Herwees wrote . "  It was , after all , the Abu Salim families who kick-started this revolution . It was they who initiated protests in Benghazi in front of police headquarters when their lawyer , Fathi Terbil , was mysteriously detained by security officials . " Exposing the carnage After 12 years at Abu Salim , Shafei was released in 2000 . He often cried openly , with flashbacks triggered by something as small as macaroni reminiscent of Abu Salim chow , said his older brother , Nabil Shafei . He eventually made his way to the United States , where Nabil lived . "  Hussein came here and had a mission , " Nabil Shafei said . "  He wanted to expose the massacre of Abu Salim . " Hussein Shafei told Human Rights Watch about the carnage he witnessed . He even approached the State Department , which includes the Abu Salim massacre in its statements on human rights abuses in Libya . As the civil war raged this year and Benghazi blossomed as a city free of Gadhafi 's grip , Shafei , now 42 , returned there from Charlotte , North Carolina . He took his wife and three children with him . He has been working with the opposition television station and telling the world about the dark secrets of Abu Salim . Now , as the newly freed prisoners began returning home to Benghazi , Shafei knew the time had come for him to go back to the prison . It is part of his own healing . The nation must heal , too , he believes . The first step will be to hold Libyan leaders accountable for what happened at the prison . Najia Shafei is wary of her son 's trip to Tripoli . She remains fearful about what might happen to him as long as Gadhafi is still alive . But Hussein Shafei is determined to complete his mission . He owes it to all those who survived Abu Salim . But mostly , he owes it to the souls of the dead .	Hussein Shafei says he witnessed the 1996 killings of 1,200 prisoners at Abu Salim The Libyan government has never acknowledged a crime After his release , Shafei spoke to Human Rights Watch about the carnage The incident served as a trigger for the revolt against Moammar Gadhafi
Financial Times  -- The collapse of Graff Diamonds ' $ 1bn initial public offering in Hong Kong highlights the challenges facing groups that hope to list in Asia in the coming months . The high-end jeweller is the third company in the past week to pull a Hong Kong IPO , after China - Nonferrous Mining Corp , a copper producer , and China Yongda Automobiles Services , a car dealer , also scrapped deals . Formula One , Bernie Ecclestone 's motor racing group , last night signalled a delay in its $ 3bn IPO in - Singapore , which had been planned for next month . The move came days after Ascendas Hospitality Trust postponed a $ 630m IPO in the city state because of "  challenging market conditions " , with global stocks falling more than 8 per cent over the past month . In the US , confidence in IPOs has been badly shaken by Facebook , whose shares have lost more than a quarter of their value since the social network raised $ 16bn from investors . While deals are falling apart left , right and centre , the failure of Graff to complete its large , high-profile IPO is a big blow to the Hong Kong market , according to dealmakers . Unlike recent scrapped offerings in small and unloved sectors such as resources , Graff was a big prospect in a hot sector . "  This is more damaging -LSB- than the other failed deals -RSB- because it 's consumerism and consumer stuff had continued to perform well , " says one dealmaker . "  It 's a real sign that the markets really are not open for deals . " Bucking the trend , Felda , the Malaysian palm oil group , on Thursday unveiled the prospectus for its $ 3bn listing on the Bursa Malaysia stock exchange . Graff 's failure is a warning sign for companies planning to issue equity in coming weeks . Philippe Espinasse , author of IPO : A Global Guide , said : "  Such a high-profile deal being pulled will certainly mean that issuers will now be even more cautious before launching their IPOs . " Mr Espinasse added that many companies planning offerings would need to "  revise their ambitions in terms of valuation " and would be advised to secure cornerstone investors and anchor orders ahead of launch . Graff did not sign up cornerstone investors for its deal . Cornerstones are large investors who commit to buying a certain number of shares before the IPO is launched in exchange for a guaranteed allotment in the deal . Analysts say Graff 's shares were expensive compared with other luxury groups such as Richemont , and that its lack of brand recognition among many investors was another problem . Other groups "  premarketing " IPOs in Hong Kong at the moment include Inner Mongolia Yitai Coal , Chinalco Mining Corp International and Huadian Fuxin Energy Corp. . Dealmakers says some of these deals are likely to be withdrawn or postponed unless markets recover substantially . In depth Sany Heavy , a Chinese machinery maker , is planning a $ 2bn share sale in the city in the coming months , according to dealmakers , having scrapped a $ 3.3 bn listing last September . Some 46 companies have withdrawn or postponed IPOs worth a total $ 7.7 bn in Asia in 2012 , according to Thomson Reuters . Hong Kong , the world 's biggest centre for listings in 2010 and 2011 , has dropped to fourth place this year , after Nasdaq , New York , and Shenzhen . Hong Kong listings have totalled $ 3.2 bn this year , according to Dealogic , compared with $ 35bn for the whole of 2011 . Investors in the city have been burnt by the poor performance of many deals over the past few years . Shares in Chow Tai Fook , for example , have fallen almost a third since the jeweller listed in Hong Kong late last year . Singapore 's SGX exchange has attracted six IPOs this year including Bumitama Agri , another Malaysian palm oil producer , and , last week , Swee Hong , a construction and tunnelling company in Singapore . Magnus BÃ ¶ cker , SGX chief executive , said : "  While we do not disclose our IPO pipeline , it remains healthy and a number of companies are ready to come to the market when conditions are right . " After the Graff and Ascendas withdrawals , investors were keeping a close eye on whether F1 would press ahead with its planned float . Plans last year by Manchester United to list in Singapore were put on ice shortly after the football club notified the exchange of its intent to seek a listing , due to poor market conditions . Additional reporting by Jeremy Grant in Singapore © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Graff Diamonds s the third company in the past week to pull a Hong Kong IPO Highlights the challenges facing groups that hope to list in Asia in coming months
CNN  -- Ah , the first day of spring . It conjures images of butterflies flapping through azure skies and bunnies hopping through meadows of fresh tender grass . Someone forgot to send the memo to the Northeast and Upper Midwest where some folks are digging out from up to 15 inches of snow and temperatures in some areas are well below zero . Winter is n't ready to give up yet as a lingering storm was dumping more snow across most of Maine on Wednesday , after hitting the rest of the region a day earlier . A winter storm warning remains in effect until noon for central and northwest Maine , where 8 to 14 inches of snow are expected . "  Definitely over winter , " an exasperated David Riley of Lunenburg , Massachusetts , told CNN affiliate WHDH-TV . "  I 'm ready for spring . " The town about 40 miles northwest of Boston received 15.5 inches of snow on Tuesday . "  Pretty sick  of this  , " Fran Gallagher said . "  Our house is going on the market at the beginning of April and we 're getting out of here ... hopefully some place warm . " With all the snow this winter , the Worchester , Massachusetts , school system has already burned through five snow days built into the schedule and will have to make up two more at the end of the year . The city has received more than 100 inches of snow this season . Bitter cold While temperatures are cold in the Northeast , in the teens in many areas , the Upper Midwest is in deep freeze . The wind chill in cities like Fargo , North Dakota , are forecast to reach 30 degrees below zero , the National Weather Service said . Even the Deep South was getting a taste of winter on the first day of spring . Freeze warnings swept in an arch from central Alabama to North Carolina , with forecasters telling farmers to harvest or protect tender vegetation .	Up to 14 inches of snow expected in Maine Lunenburg , Massachusetts , received more than 15 inches on Tuesday Wind chills to reach 30 below in North Dakota
CNN  -- Longtime film critic Roger Ebert , who lost much of his jaw to thyroid cancer , will show off his new face -- thanks to a prosthesis -- when his PBS show debuts this weekend . The creators of the prosthesis "  did a pretty wonderful damn job , " Ebert wrote in his online blog , which provided a few photos . "  I like my new prosthesis and know from observation their work was painstaking and done with love and care . " The process of crafting the silicone prosthesis and matching it to his face and features took about two years , Ebert said . The effort was led by Dr. David J. Reisberg . Since the cancer , Chicago-based Ebert , 68 , has been unable to speak or eat conventionally . He has used various text-to-speech technologies to provide a voice . According to "  Entertainment Tonight , " the Chicago Sun-Times critic is producing and will appear in brief segments in his new show "  Roger Ebert Presents At the Movies , " which launches on PBS stations nationwide . "  I will wear the prosthesis on the new television show , " Ebert wrote in a Wednesday evening post entitled "  Leading with my chin . " "  That 's not to fool anyone , because my appearance is widely known , " said Ebert , who appeared with the late Gene Siskel on a movie review show for more than 20 years . "  It will be used in a medium shot of me working in my office , and will be a pleasant reminder of the person I was for 64 years . " Ebert wrote he initially assumed he would wear the prosthesis all the time when he leaves the house . But his thoughts have changed , in part because people know what he looks like beneath the feature . "  And something else has happened since that day in the hospital : I accept the way I look . Lord knows I paid the dues . "	Longtime film critic lost part of jaw to cancer Two-year transformation features facial prosthesis A new PBS show debuts this weekend
CNN  -- Women wanted him . Men wanted to be him . Seven decades before Neymar , a world away from Ronaldinho and Ronaldo , a predecessor to Zico and Socrates and a formidable striker who could have rivaled Pele . That man was Heleno de Freitas , a soccer superstar in the days before Brazil ruled the "  beautiful game . " He was a larger than life playboy who abandoned a legal career to become his country 's finest footballer . And before the Maracana -- Brazil 's iconic stadium in Rio de Janeiro -- was built , Heleno was the city 's star attraction with a "  Jekyll and Hyde " personality which saw him flit from outrageous charmer to disruptive egoist . "  Sometimes he was a gentleman , other times you could n't stand him , " explains Marcos Eduardo Neves , author of "  There was never a man like Heleno . " "  Like the book by R.L. Stevenson , he was a doctor and a monster , " Neves told CNN . Heleno is best remembered for his nine-year spell with Rio club Botafogo , scoring over 200 goals for the team between 1939 and 1948 to become one of South America 's most feared strikers . Blog : Can anyone stop Spain at 2014 World Cup ? But his career , much like his life , was tinged with tragedy , as circumstance and his ability to press the self-destruct button prevented him from capturing any significant silverware as a player . "  He grew up knowing he wanted to be a football player , " says Neves . "  When he moved from Minas Gerais to Rio he marveled at beach football and Botafogo ... His will became an obsession . " An affluent background had afforded Heleno the opportunity to train as a lawyer , but the courtroom could not contain his football talent or his vibrant personality . World Sport Presents : Racism in Football "  He had a big ego and his soul craved the screams of thousands of football supporters , " Neves says . "  He loved his star status , being an international idol , playing for his national team and being desired by women and admired by men . "  He thought his fame would be eternal . He believed he would be Heleno de Freitas forever . " Arguably Heleno 's crowning moment -- Brazil 's crowning moment -- should have come at the 1950 World Cup . It was the first time Brazil had hosted the tournament -- next year the World Cup returns to the South American nation for a second time -- and it was an opportunity for the country to announce itself as a global power , both on and off the pitch . With the grandest of stages -- the Maracana -- constructed , Heleno 's public awaited . But when 200,000 Brazilians packed into the stadium for an agonizing defeat to Uruguay in the tournament 's final match , Heleno was nowhere to be seen . "  Because of World War II , Heleno missed out on the World Cups of 1942 and 1946 , " explained Neves . "  The 1950 World Cup was his last chance , given his physical and technical peak . But he wasted it . " In 1949 Heleno was playing for Vasco Da Gama , having spent the previous year living the high life in Argentina with Boca Juniors -- with his spell in Buenos Aires rumored to have even included a fling with Argentina 's then First Lady , Eva "  Evita " Peron . Heleno 's coach at Vasco was Flavio Costa , who was also in charge of the Brazil national team . But Costa criticized the attitude of his combustible star and Heleno 's response was typically trigger happy . He pointed a gun to Costa 's head and pulled the trigger . The gun was n't loaded , but that action was enough to kill Heleno 's dreams of playing in the World Cup . Vasco won the Rio de Janeiro State Championship , but by now Heleno was an outcast . When Brazil was left heartbroken by a 2-1 defeat to Uruguay which destroyed its World Cup dreams , Heleno was playing in Colombia 's lucrative illegal leagues . "  For the fans , Brazil lost the World Cup because they did n't have Heleno , " says Neves . "  Brazil feared a valiant Uruguay . With Heleno , it would n't be like this . He did n't fear anyone or anything . "  They say that , in 1951 , Heleno used to say he could have saved Brazil , " says Jose Henrique Fonseca , director of the biographical film "  Heleno , " which was released in 2011 . By the time Brazil , led by the precocious talents of Pele and Garrincha , finally won the World Cup for the first time in Sweden in 1958 , Heleno was hurtling towards an early grave . "  Heleno became a walking bomb ready to explode . Syphilis and drugs just amplified his self-destruction , " Neves says . "  He had a good upbringing , he was elegant , educated and from a good family . He could have enjoyed a career as a lawyer or diplomat -- instead he suffered a pathetic death in a mental institution . " Heleno died on November 8 , 1959 , aged just 39 . "  He was a victim of his refusal to be treated for syphilis and if untreated it affects the brain , " Fonseca told CNN . "  He suffered a lot . To see a photo of him when he died is amazing , he looked 70 years old . " Could Heleno , free from disease and drug addiction , have carved out a legacy as formidable as Pele , who is widely regarded as the greatest player who has ever lived ? "  Pele is one of a kind , like Michael Jordan , Tiger Woods and surfer Kelly Slater are , " says Neves . "  But Heleno would be more recognized worldwide . Maybe at the level of a Zico , Romario and Ronaldo . " For Brazil , much like the tale of the 1950 World Cup final , Heleno 's story is one of what might have been .	Heleno de Freitas was one of Brazil 's first soccer stars Striker starred for Botafogo in Rio de Janeiro in the 1940s , scoring over 200 goals Heleno missed out on the 1950 World Cup after pointing a gun at Brazil 's coach He died aged just 39 after struggling with syphilis and drug problems
Washington  CNN  -- For the second time in a year , a top U.S. general has been cleared of allegations raised in a Rolling Stone article after an investigation by the Defense Department Inspector General . Lt. Gen. William Caldwell had been accused in the magazine of ordering an Army officer to conduct psychological operations to try to influence congressional members . Caldwell is in charge of all training in Afghanistan . The Department of Defense did not release the actual IG report . However , Defense spokeswoman Lt. Col. Elizabeth Robbins said the Inspector General found no evidence to support the article 's claims . Robbins said Caldwell did not have a psychological operations unit in his command to do such work . Caldwell did , however , ask people on his staff to collect publicly available information about senators and congressmen who were coming to Afghanistan so he would be better informed during any meetings he might have with them . All the information they gathered came from Internet searches . The Rolling Stone article about Caldwell was written by Michael Hastings , the same reporter whose cover story about Gen. Stanley McChrystal cost the then-head of U.S. forces in Afghanistan his job . An IG probe also cleared McChrystal of the wrongdoing alleged in Rolling Stone . A Rolling Stone spokesman told CNN it stands by its reporting in both stories . Eric Bates questioned the idea of having the Defense Inspector General investigate two top Army generals . "  Letting the Pentagon investigate itself is not a good way to do the investigation , " Bates said .	Magazine said Caldwell ordered psy ops on members of Congress Inspector General found no such evidence Rolling Stone said it stands by its reporting
Carles Puyol is poised to miss Spain 's defense of their European Championship crown after Barcelona confirmed their captain will be out for six weeks with a knee injury . The 34-year-old felt pain in his knee after his side 's 4-0 victory in the Barcelona derby against Espanyol on Saturday -- a game in which he scored . The Catalan club have confirmed Puyol will undergo surgery to correct the problem and as a result he will miss the Copa Del Rey final against Athletic Bilbao on May 25 . That match also represents coach Pep Guardiola 's last game in charge of the club after he , together with Puyol as skipper , led Barcelona to an unprecedented 13 trophies in his four-year tenure . A statement on the club 's official website read : "  Carles Puyol will not be featuring in the Copa del Rey Final on May 25 . "  The Medical Services have announced that the player ended the game on Saturday against Espanyol feeling pain in his right knee . " ` Following complementary tests , we have decided to subject the player to arthroscopy next Saturday May 12 , ' they said . "  The surgery will be directed by Doctor Ramon Cugat . The Catalan is expected to need about six weeks to recover . " With Spain 's opening game of Euro 2012 coming against Italy on June 10 , it means coach Vicente del Bosque could be without one of his stalwarts for the tournament . Puyol will be a big loss for Spain . He played all but seven minutes of their successful 2010 World Cup campaign in South Africa and scored the winner in his country 's semifinal victory over Germany . He played the full 120 minutes in the final against Netherlands as Spain won soccer 's biggest prize for the first time in their history . Two years prior to that , Puyol was also an integral part of the Spanish team that won the European Championships in Austria and Switzerland .	Barcelona defender Carles Puyol is set to miss Spain 's Euro 2012 campaign Puyol will miss six weeks after suffering a knee injury during the game with Espanyol The 34-year-old was a mainstay in Spain 's victories at Euro 2008 and the 2010 World Cup Puyol will miss Barcelona 's Copa Del Rey final against Athletic Bilbao on May 25
CNN  -- Running a country ? There 's an app for that . When Norway 's prime minister found himself stuck in New York as a volcanic cloud grounded flights to Europe , he fired up his new Apple iPad and did the job remotely . In what could be a first for the new gadget , Jens Stoltenberg told CNN he used the iPad to manage the situation at home as Norway closed its airspace under threat from the ash . A photograph of Stoltenberg using the device was posted on the Internet by Norwegian officials under the title "  The prime minister is working at the airport . "  There are good means of communication , I have close contacts with my office all the times , and there are a lot of activities in Norway where we try to reduce the consequences of the volcano in Norway , " Stoltenberg told CNN . "  It 's very normal for a PM to travel abroad so this is not different from the other travels , it 's just lasts some days more than expected . We have the internet , the mobile phone . "  I also use an iPad , which is excellent . " Like many other travelers grounded by the volcanic ash cloud , Stoltenberg has sought alternative routes to reach home , catching a flight to Madrid , Spain before completing the journey overland . "  I am afraid we wo n't be back before Saturday because I think most of our travel is going to be by car because the most of the airports in the Northern part of Europe are now closed , " he said .	Norwegian prime minister Jens Stoltenberg used iPad to run country remotely Stoltenberg was stranded in U.S. as volcanic ash cloud grounded flights Apple 's new device is "  excellent " Stoltenberg says
CNN  -- Residents of Australia 's most populous state are enduring unpredictable wildfires fueled by strong winds , dry heat and low humidity . Authorities warned of worsening conditions and advised residents to self-evacuate in certain areas . On Tuesday , the New South Wales Rural Fire Services issued blunt warnings to residents in vulnerable areas . Uncertain of how long they would have to leave their homes and what may happen to their homes and belongings , residents posed questions to fire authorities . Firefighters tried to protect towns by conducting controlled burns -- intended to clear away brush and vegetation -- that could fuel the active , uncontrollable fire . The wildfires have already claimed more than 200 homes . Firefighters , many of whom are volunteers have left their day jobs , converged to help . They descended into deep canyons and mountains , some of which had tough , inaccessible terrains to try to get ahead of the fire before it reaches towns and homes . Tim Parsley , one of the firefighters , has felt the impact of the fires as his sister lost her house . Among the rubble , they managed to salvage her wedding ring , but "  everything else was gone , " he said . "  The thing that I said to my sister is that you got away with your life and we 're sitting here having a conversation about it and that 's all that matters . " The wildfires stretching along nearly 1,000-mile line in New South Wales , began last week . On Wednesday , Ruth Dykyj , an author in Killingworth , New South Wales , noted dreadful conditions outdoors . The fire 's toll was erratic in neighborhoods . Some homes were reduced to ashes and just across the street , other houses remained untouched . Christy Daschke is one of those who was affected . She and her husband , Jake examined the rubble that used to be their home . The only belonging that emerged unscathed is the line used to dry their clothes . They regret that they could not save their photos . "  The honeymoon , the wedding , me as a baby , of Jake as a baby , my whole 12 years with Jake -- we do n't have a record of any photos to show my children of , you know , me growing up with their dad , " Daschke said . As residents grappled with their loss and uncertainty of the fires , others rallied to help . Support for people affected in New South Wales came in different ways . Robyn Connell , a community worker and mother who lives in Blue Mountains observed this at her neighborhood meeting in the town of Katoomba , earlier this week . More than 70 fires remain .	Wildfires to be unpredictable in Australia 's most populous state Uncertainty for residents who live in Blue Mountains More than 200 homes have been lost in fires
CNN  -- The high-profile case of a girl adopted by a South Carolina couple is moving toward another legal showdown after Oklahoma 's governor ordered the extradition of the girl 's biological Native American father , who is accused of custodial interference . Gov. Mary Fallin on Wednesday ordered that Dusten Brown be extradited to South Carolina after she became convinced that the father disobeyed an Oklahoma court order to allow the adoptive couple , Matt and Melanie Capobianco , to visit Veronica , 4 . But Brown 's attorneys told CNN that they will challenge the extradition order at a hearing scheduled for October 3 . Brown turned himself in to authorities Thursday morning in Sequoyah County , Oklahoma , and was then released on $ 10,000 bail , said Robert Nigh , his attorney in South Carolina . Fallin said Wednesday that her goal "  in the Baby Veronica case has been to encourage both Mr. Brown and the Capobianco family to reach a quick settlement and come to an agreement that protects Veronica 's best interests . " "  I said previously that I was willing to delay Mr. Brown 's extradition to South Carolina as long as all parties were working together in good faith to pursue such a settlement , " Fallin said in a written statement . "  Unfortunately , it has become clear that Dusten Brown is not acting in good faith . " Brown 's attorneys claim their client did not break a law in the ongoing custody dispute . In June , a divided U.S. Supreme Court sided with the Capobiancos , who are white , when Brown sought to assert his parental rights . They had legally adopted Veronica when she was a baby . The justices said the adoption was proper and did not intrude on the federal rights of the father , a registered member of the Cherokee tribe , over where his daughter would live . The court said Brown could not rely on the Indian Child Welfare Act for relief because he never had legal or physical custody at the time of adoption proceedings , which were initiated by the non-Native American birth mother without his knowledge . The father then took his case to Oklahoma courts . Timeline of ` Baby Veronica ' adoption case Brown refused to hand over the child After the Supreme Court order , a family court in South Carolina developed a "  transition plan " to ease any transfer , taking into account the girl 's age , sensitivities of the parties involved and the Native American heritage dynamic underlying the larger legal dispute . Brown did not attend a transition meeting , saying he had National Guard training out of state and was unable to get out of that duty . The South Carolina family court then ordered that Veronica be turned over immediately . Brown refused to hand the child over and was cited for contempt . A warrant was issued on August 10 for "  custodial interference . " As he did Thursday , Brown turned himself in to authorities in Oklahoma and posted bail after that warrant was issued . Fallin acted after South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley filed a request with the Oklahoma Supreme Court seeking "  the prompt return of a South Carolina child to her adoptive parents and ensuring that Mr. Brown is held accountable for criminally withholding Veronica Rose Capobianco from her parents for nearly one month , " according to a court document . Fallin 's "  unfortunate " order does not mean Brown will be extradited , according to another attorney , Clark Brewster . An Oklahoma judge will determine whether the father broke any laws , he said , adding his client did not do so . Brown and his attorneys "  will appear before a judicial officer , point out the defects in the order and defend themselves , " Brewster told CNN . Brewster also claimed his client has tried to accommodate the Capobiancos during the appeal process . But Haley , in her court filing in Oklahoma , said Brown has been in "  willful defiance " of South Carolina courts that ordered him to return Veronica to the Capobiancos . South Carolina wants to prosecute Brown for custodial interference . The Oklahoma Supreme Court issued an emergency stay on Friday to temporarily delay the transfer of Veronica to the Capobiancos . The order was made public on Tuesday . Case has tested federal law The extradition order does not affect the current placement of Veronica , according to Fallin . She would be able to stay with Brown 's relatives . The four-year case has spanned state lines and tested an unusual federal law . The Capobiancos legally adopted Veronica at birth in September 2009 . When Brown learned of her adoption a few months later , he asserted his custody rights under the Indian Child Welfare Act , setting off a lengthy legal fight . A family court judge ruled in Brown 's favor in late 2011 , and he took his daughter back . The Capobiancos have fought ever since to have Veronica returned , arguing federal law does not define an unwed biological father as a parent . Fallin claimed that Brown denies visitation between the adoptive couple and the girl . "  He is acting in open violation of both Oklahoma and South Carolina courts , which have granted custody of Veronica to the Capobiancos . Finally , he has cut off negotiations with the Capobiancos and shown no interest in pursuing any other course than yet another lengthy legal battle , " the governor said . "  As governor , I am committed to upholding the rule of law . As a mother , I believe it is in the best interests of Veronica to help end this controversy and find her a permanent home , " Fallin said . Melanie Capobianco has told reporters that Veronica is being "  illegally held against the wishes of her parents and the courts , " and she pleaded for her daughter 's return . CNN 's Joe Sutton , Michael Martinez , Bill Mears and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Dusten Brown posts bail after surrendering to Oklahoma authorities Oklahoma governor signs extradition order for Brown , the biological father South Carolina 's governor asked Oklahoma 's Supreme Court to return child Brown , a Native American , is accused in South Carolina of custodial interference
CNN  -- Federal agents arrested 10 current or former Delta employees Thursday for their alleged involvement in drug trafficking at airports in Detroit and Houston , authorities said . Two others who were not airline employees also were arrested . "  Today 's arrests and charges close a major vulnerability at the airport , " Immigration and Customs Enforcement director John Morton said in a statement . "  We ca n't have people working in and around aircraft exploiting their positions for criminal ends . " The investigation -- dubbed "  Operation Excess Baggage " -- began in January 2010 , when Jamaican authorities seized 53 pounds of marijuana from a suitcase , the immigration and customs agency said in a statement . The luggage , tagged with a Northwest Airlines baggage tag , was bound for Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport from an airport in Montego Bay , Jamaica , the statement said . Delta and Northwest merged in 2008 . Authorities in Detroit later seized five suitcases containing 16 kilograms of cocaine and nearly 130 kilograms of marijuana , the statement said . In March 2010 , federal agents seized 45 more pounds of marijuana from two Delta employees at the Detroit airport , the statement said . Authorities allege those individuals were participating in a separate smuggling operation between Detroit and Houston . A Twitter post from the airline said Delta fully cooperated with federal authorities in their investigation . "  Delta does not tolerate employees found using their position for illegal activity and these employees have been suspended without pay , " the post said . "  Additional disciplinary action could be taken pending the final outcome of the investigation . " All 12 suspects were charged with possession of controlled substances with intent to distribute and conspiracy .	ICE says a suitcase stuffed with marijuana tipped off investigators Authorities in Detroit later intercepted 5 suitcases holding cocaine and marijuana Two others who are not airline employees were also arrested Delta says the employees have been suspended without pay
Mexico City  CNN  -- Protesters marched and packed the main square of Mexico City on Sunday , slamming the candidate widely seen as the front-runner in next month 's presidential elections . Enrique Peña Nieto , the Institutional Revolutionary Party candidate , leads in polls . His party -- better known as the PRI -- ruled for some 70 years , before losing the presidency in 2000 . Demonstrators say his winning would be a step back for democracy in Mexico . "  I 'm here because I 'm really angry with what 's going on in my country . I think it 's not fair , " said Adrian Garcia , 34 , a protester . He wore a white T-shirt with the words "  Yo Soy 132 , "  "  I am 132 "  printed on it , referencing a nascent protest group that Peña Nieto inadvertently helped to create . After students jeered the candidate at a recent campaign event , Peña Nieto dismissed the demonstrators as outsiders , dragged there by political operatives to cause commotion . Three days later , a YouTube video featured 131 students flashing their university ID cards , saying "  We are students from Ibero . ... Nobody forced us to do anything . " The 11-minute video went viral . Posts promoting protests throughout the country on social media have used it as a jumping off point , using the phrase " #YoSoy132 " on Twitter and Facebook . But Sunday 's protests in Mexico City attracted more than just students -- teachers , unions and various political groups were also there . The demonstrations were timed to coincide with the last scheduled televised debate before the presidential election , which is set for July 1 . Similar , though smaller , rallies were held in several other Mexican cities . Garcia , the protester , said he voted for leftist candidate Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador in the last election . Lopez Obrador never conceded after officials declared Felipe Calderon the winner of Mexico 's election in 2006 and has been known to refer to himself as "  the legitimate president of Mexico . " The former Mexico City mayor is running again . "  They are touching on a fundamental theme that has to do with the pretension of dominating the country through the almost absolute control of the media , " Lopez Obrador said recently about the protesters . He and other opponents have accused Peña Nieto of receiving preferential treatment from the media since before the campaign began . The candidate , who was governor of the state of Mexico from 2005 to 2011 , has denied those accusations and said he respects the youth protests against him . CNNMexico.com and Miguel Marquez contributed to this report .	Presidential elections are scheduled for next month Enrique Peña Nieto , the Institutional Revolutionary Party candidate , leads in polls Protesters rally against him , criticize coverage of the campaign
CNN  -- In South Africa , Nelson Mandela 's 95th birthday is being marked by celebrations , good deeds , and an exhibition of stunning new posters of the country 's former president . Mandela himself will be spending the day in hospital in Pretoria , where he is said to be in a critical but stable condition , battling a lung infection . Since 2009 , Mandela 's birthday has been designated "  Nelson Mandela International Day . " The celebration encourages people around the globe to partake in 67 minutes of public service : one minute per year of service that the former statesman , also known as Madiba , has given to his country . In photos : Global tributes to Nelson Mandela It 's a day that many feared might not come , as Mandela has been receiving urgent medical care since June . Now breathing with the help of a machine , family and friends have been optimistic about his response to treatment , with former president Thabo Mbeki even suggesting he may soon be discharged . Admirers worldwide are hoping for the Nobel Peace laureate 's recovery , with Mandela Day providing the perfect opportunity to celebrate his life and achievements . A survey released last week found that 89 % of South Africans planned to commemorate the day , with thousands of school children across the country singing "  happy birthday " this morning . Also marking the occasion , at the University of Pretoria the Mandela Poster Project is exhibiting images of Mandela from around the world . Read this : ` Biggest celebration ever ' for Mandela 's birthday Launched in May 2013 , the project asked designers to submit posters celebrating Mandela 's life . It received more than 700 entries from more than 70 countries , and is now displaying 95 posters that reflect Mandela 's international legacy . "  He  Mandela  carries across this concept of humanity and selflessness , " said Mohammed Jogie , co-founder of the project . There are plans for an international traveling exhibition , and the posters will also be made into an online gallery . The team behind the project says it plans to donate any proceeds to the Nelson Mandela Children 's Hospital Trust , which aims to establish a pediatric hospital in Johannesburg . It 's a fitting tribute to the iconic activist on a day that celebrates the sense of community and charity Mandela has dedicated his life to promoting .	Mandela Poster Project exhibiting 95 posters of the former South African president Project received more than 700 poster submissions from around the world Mandela Day has been celebrated worldwide since 2009 The day encourages 67 minutes of good deeds from participants
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- California corrections officials released an updated prison photograph of Charles Manson on Wednesday , showing the balding and graying 74-year-old , complete with his iconic forehead swastika . A new photo of Charles Manson shows his graying beard and his legendary swastika tattooed into his forehead . The picture was taken as part of a regular update of inmate images at the California State Prison in Corcoran , about 150 miles northwest of Los Angeles , where Manson is serving a life term . The release of the picture comes ahead of the 40th anniversary of the "  Manson family " killings in August 1969 . Manson and four others -- Susan Atkins , Patricia Krenwinkel , Charles "  Tex " Watson and Leslie Van Houten -- were convicted of murder and other charges in connection with a two-night rampage that left pregnant actress Sharon Tate and seven others dead . Van Houten , who was 19 at the time of the killings , was convicted in the murders of Leno LaBianca , a wealthy grocery store owner , and his wife , Rosemary . Van Houten was accused of stabbing Rosemary LaBianca 14 to 16 times in the back . Van Houten was also convicted of conspiracy in Tate 's death and four others at the actress ' Beverly Hills home . Tate was 8 1/2 months pregnant , and the baby also died in the attack . Manson , Atkins and Krenwinkel were convicted for those murders . All members of the "  Manson family " have been up for parole multiple times over the past four decades , but it has never been granted . Atkins , who has been declared terminally ill , was denied a compassionate release from prison in July 2008 . Atkins has told police she was one of the people who stabbed Tate and scrawled the word "  pig " in blood on the door of the home the actress shared with director Roman Polanski . In May 2008 , authorities dug for bodies at the Inyo County , California , ranch where Manson and his followers once lived , after police learned that testing had indicated human remains might be buried there . According to authorities , nothing was found .	Prison officials release updated photo of convicted murderer Charles Manson Photo shows Manson with receding hairline , gray hair and forehead swastika Manson , four others were convicted in series of murders over two-day period in 1969
Sen. Rand Paul is blaming politicians for the unrest in Ferguson , Missouri , arguing that the criminal justice system fuels racial tension by disproportionately targeting African-Americans . The so-called war on drugs has created a culture of violence and put police in a nearly impossible situation , " Paul said in an op-ed published for TIME . He acknowledged that the shooting death of Michael Brown by a Ferguson police officer was n't related to drugs , but argued that outsized penalties for nonviolent drug crimes creates a "  tension in some communities that too often results in tragedy . " The comments are another attempt by Paul , a Kentucky Republican and likely 2016 presidential contender , to seize on the violence in Ferguson as an opportunity to make inroads with minorities . He 's blending his libertarian-leaning views about the war on drugs with a message that emphasizes the importance of individual responsibility . And he 's doing this while other possible GOP presidential prospects -- like Texas Sen. Ted Cruz or New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie -- are largely silent on the turmoil unfolding in Ferguson . Back in August , as violence first unfolded on the streets of Ferguson , Paul made a splash with an op-ed -- also in TIME -- blasting the government for over-militarizing local police forces . The piece made him one of the few political voices willing to weigh in on the issue at the time . Paul did n't address police forces in Tuesday 's op-ed , and he also refrained from addressing the grand jury 's decision not to indict Officer Darren Wilson . Rather , he focused his opinion piece on broader issues that cause what he frequently describes as an "  undercurrent of unease " in poor communities . While he said criminal justice reform is a crucial need , he ultimately argued it 's up to individuals themselves to improve their lives . Saying he has "  no intention to scold , " Paul stressed that escaping the "  poverty trap will require all of us to relearn that not only are we our brother 's keeper , we are our own keeper . " Obama : ` No sympathy ' for violence in Ferguson "  While a hand-up can be part of the plan , if the plan does n't include the self-discovery of education , work , and the self-esteem that comes with work , the cycle of poverty will continue , " he continued . His hope , he concluded , is that a non-political leader will emerge "  who motivates and inspires all of us to discover traits , ambitions , and moral codes that have slowly eroded and left us empty with despair . " Paul 's critics , however , have consistently questioned the senator 's libertarian views that have put him in hot water in the past , such as his doubts about a provision of the Civil Rights Act involving property rights and discrimination . He 's tried to sell his overall nontraditional ideology to wider audiences , and trumpet his efforts in doing so . In the past year , he 's spoken at the National Urban League and addressed historically black colleges . He 's also helped the GOP open up an office in Detroit , and he was there for the Kentucky GOP 's office opening in urban Louisville . Paul visited Ferguson last month to meet with NAACP leaders , and told CNN later in the day that the GOP 's "  biggest mistake " in the past few decades has been not competing for African Americans ' votes . He made headlines last week for meeting with Rev. Al Sharpton , a civil rights leader and controversial figure who says he considers Paul a competitive threat for Democrats in 2016 . On the legislative side , Paul has made proposals in the Senate that would restore voting rights to felons with nonviolent drug convictions and would reform the criminal justice system to lower penalties for similar convictions . Rand Paul and his Democratic buds Paul 's minority outreach efforts have certainly earned him plenty of media attention and accolades by some in African-American communities , but others say it 's not enough . Rep. Barbara Lee argued Paul 's attempts to court African American voters are "  welcome " endeavors , but he 'll "  need to do a much better job if he actually expects to win them . " In an opinion piece Monday for The Root , the Democratic congresswoman from California harpooned Paul for saying last week in an interview that there 's been no "  bigger defender of minority rights in the Congress " than himself . King to Obama : Invite Wilson to White House It 's a comment Paul has made repeatedly this year , and it always lands him in trouble with critics who point to sitting Rep. John Lewis , a civil rights icon who spoke at the 1963 March on Washington among other key events . But Lee , in her op-ed , described Paul 's legislative pushes involving drug sentencing reform as "  low-hanging fruit " and blasted Paul for failing to "  corral any significant support from his Republican colleagues . " "  Doing the bare minimum , though , does n't make you a hero , " she wrote . "  Nor do you get much credit just for showing up . " Sharpton , however , appears to think Paul is making inroads with African-Americans . Following their meeting last week , he argued that Paul may not necessarily generate a lot of support among black voters , but his outreach may stop them from voting against him if he becomes the GOP nominee . This , he told Politico , could be bad for Democratic turnout . "  If he 's able to neutralize his past image on civil rights , if he becomes the candidate ... and if you do n't get a huge black turnout saying ` We 're afraid -LSB- of him -RSB- , ' " that could be a pitfall for Democrats . "  I think he knows it 's unlikely someone like Al Sharpton would endorse him , but I ca n't ignore him , " he added . "  He 's openly dealing with issues that -LSB- politicians -RSB- including people in the Democratic Party , have n't done . " Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson	Rand Paul wrote a column for TIME following the decision in Ferguson He said that politicians are to blame in Ferguson and elsewhere Individuals , he argued , are ultimately responsible for their own fate His comments are part of his aggressive minority outreach
A California school that stopped students from wearing American flag T-shirts on Cinco de Mayo did n't violate their constitutional rights , an appeals court ruled Thursday . The school 's approach , according to the appeals court , kept students safe in a climate of racial tension . "  The controversy and tension remained , " a panel of judges from the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals said in their opinion , "  but the school 's actions presciently avoided an altercation . " School officials were worried about violence and disruption of school activities "  and their response was tailored to the circumstance , " the opinion said . The case dates back to May 5 , 2010 , when the principal of Live Oak High School in Morgan Hill , California , asked a group of students wearing American flag T-shirts to turn their shirts inside out or take them off . The students at the Northern California school refused , according to the appeals court 's summary of the case , and later brought a civil rights suit against the school and two administrators , arguing that their rights to freedom of expression , equal protection and due process had been violated . Judges said the civil rights case forced them to weigh the difficult question of what takes precedence : students ' free speech rights or school safety concerns ? According to court documents , the incident occurred amid "  ongoing racial tension and gang violence within the school , and after a near-violent altercation had erupted during the prior Cinco de Mayo over the display of an American flag . " The previous year , court documents said , a group of students carrying a Mexican flag had clashed with students who hung an American flag from a tree and chanted "  USA " on Cinco de Mayo , a holiday marking a famous Mexican military battle that is often celebrated in the United States . In 2010 , the appeals court said , "  threats issued in the aftermath of the incident were so real that the parents of the students involved in the suit kept them home from school two days later . " CNN first learned of the court 's ruling on Twitter .	An appeals court says the Northern California school 's decision kept students safe Live Oak High School 's principal told students to take off American flag T-shirts The students later filed a civil rights suit against the school and administrators The incident unfolded on Cinco de Mayo in 2010
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Arrests for women driving under the influence jumped by nearly 30 percent during the decade ending in 2007 , according to a study released Wednesday by the U.S. Transportation Department . Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood discusses the study at a news conference Wednesday . "  To be honest with you , I was certainly surprised about that statistic , " Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said at a news conference . However , when it comes to drunken driving arrests , women continue to be outnumbered by men by four to one . Laura Dean-Moody , president of Mothers Against Drunk Driving , said that "  women are unfortunately picking up some of the same terrible , reckless behaviors that men have exhibited . " The report , authored by the FBI for the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , found a declining number of men arrested for similar alcohol-related violations . The numbers were compiled from national law enforcement records covering 1998-2007 . Moody said the report does not explain why women are increasingly driving while impaired but speculated , "  Women are under more pressure . They 're now perhaps the breadwinner with the unemployment rate . " She also added that "  TV shows have made it look hip or cool to be a mom that stays home and drinks . " The findings were part of the launch of a Labor Day law enforcement campaign called "  Over the Limit , Under Arrest . " Describing what 's intended to be a nationwide effort , Fairfax County , Virginia , police Capt. Susan Culin said , "  we 'll be making more traffic stops , writing more tickets , conducting more sobriety checkpoints and DUI saturation patrols , and we 'll be arresting any driver we determine to be impaired . " Moody , whose husband was killed in 1991 by a drunken driver , cited statistics suggesting that 2 million drivers with multiple alcohol convictions will be on the road during the Labor Day holiday . Criticizing a court system that has allowed such drivers to keep their licenses , Moody said , "  these are people who have proven not once , not twice but three times that they are not worthy of the public 's trust when it comes to operating a vehicle . "	Arrests of women driving drunk rose 30 percent from 1998 to 2007 Fewer men were arrested for such violations , though they still outnumber women Mothers Against Drunk Driving president speculates about increased pressure Law enforcement cracking down over Labor Day holiday
Starting Wednesday , openly gay youths will be allowed to join scouting . Boy Scouts of America made the decision in May to accept them into their ranks . The resolution took effect when the new year rang in . More than 60 % of the group 's 1,400-member national council voted back then at an annual meeting in Grapevine , Texas , for the change . "  No youth may be denied membership in the Boy Scouts of America on the basis of sexual orientation or preference alone , " the resolution said . The BSA , however , will maintain its ban on gay adult leaders .	BSA made the decision in May The resolution took effect with the New Year It passed with more than 60 % of the votes of national council members BAS will still ban gay adult scout leaders
United Nations  CNN  -- Last year , the U.N. Security Council authorized "  all necessary measures " to stop the violence when the nation in question was Libya . It has come nowhere close to that on Syria , where the United Nations estimates more than 5,000 people have been killed since March . Why ? Diplomats say the answer is simple : Russia . Tensions between Russia and the other permanent members of the Security Council have always been a factor . But diplomats say that Russia 's conduct in its refusal to condemn Syria , or even negotiate on resolutions in good faith , have reached new lows . At this point , the only way Western diplomats believe the Security Council will be able to pass a resolution on Syria is with a request for intervention from the Arab League . Russia and China abstained from the vote on Libya after the Arab League and the African Union requested UN involvement in that country . In October , Russia and China issued a rare double veto of a sanction-less resolution that would have condemned the violence in Syria . Though China joined Russia in its veto on Syria , and India , Brazil and South Africa abstained , diplomats say that it is Russia that has been taking the lead in opposition to action . In Russia 's view , NATO overstepped the Security Council 's mandate in Libya , and they fear a similar mistake being made in Syria . Though Western diplomats insist they have not proposed anything approaching military intervention , Russia insists that the Syria crisis should be solved internally . "  I think Libya has been beat to death , overused and misused as an excuse for countries not to take up their responsibilities with respect to Syria , " Susan Rice , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , said . Last month , Russian U.N. Ambassador Vitaly Churkin pushed the Security Council to open an investigation into civilian deaths in Libya . European and American diplomats immediately called foul . "  Is everybody sufficiently distracted from Syria now ? " Rice asked the media after a meeting called by Russia . "  Let us see this for what it is . That this is duplicative , it 's redundant , it 's superfluous , and it 's a stunt . " "  This is not the kind of issue which can be drowned in expletives , " Churkin countered the next day . "  You can not beat a Stanford education , can you ? " referring to Rice 's alma mater , saying she should be "  more Victorian . " Shortly thereafter , Rice 's communications director tweeted a picture of Churkin 's face superimposed on the Grinch , with the text "  rough day at the Security Council . "  Churkin later said that he "  thought it was a nice joke . " Despite Rice 's high-profile tit-for-tat with Churkin , it is the four European countries on the Security Council , not the United States , that have taken the lead on issues Libya and Syria . Photos : Rare look inside Syria | Divisions deepen Those countries -- France , Germany , Portugal and the United Kingdom -- have expressed deep frustration at Russia 's scuttling of attempts at a resolution . In December , Russia held the rotating presidency of the council , which gave it significant power to determine the agenda . Diplomats complained of having to fight tooth and nail for even routine briefings . A senior Western diplomat said that Churkin routinely interrupted other diplomats and cut off debate . Churkin 's conduct was "  outrageous " and "  disrespectful , " the diplomat said , who had "  never seen anything like the atmosphere in the Security Council now . " Western Diplomats admit that Russia has been using its close relationship with Syria to apply pressure on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . But their criticism of Churkin 's conduct at the Security Council is unequivocal . "  Churkin is practicing shoe diplomacy , " another senior Western diplomat said , referring to Soviet Premier Nikita Krushchev 's famous shoe-banging speech in the General Assembly . "  Russia and Syria are the last two members of the Warsaw Pact , and Russia is behaving in an imperialistic manner , " another Western diplomat said . Churkin does not disagree that the mood is contentious . But he says that the root cause is a "  my way or the highway " attitude . He called December the toughest of his five separate month-long terms at the helm of the Security Council . "  There is a lot of nervousness , a lot of expectations that things are going to be done my way or no other way , " Churkin said . "  That what I need to have , I must have now . ... I think that if this trend were to continue it might seriously hurt the ability of the Security Council to work . " Russia surprised even its allies last month when it introduced its own draft resolution condemning the violence in Syria . Publicly , Western diplomats seemed encouraged by the move but privately were deep cynical . Western Diplomats said Russia had expected the Europeans and Americans to reject the draft out of hand , because it did not include some of the provisions they consider non-negotiable .  And , for example , they say it drew an unacceptable equivalence between violence perpetrated by the government and violence perpetrated by protesters . Since then , Western diplomats say that Russia has not engaged in negotiation on their proposed additions . They also complain that Churkin has misrepresented to the media the content of closed Security Council meetings . He claims productive work on the draft Syria resolution , they say , when in fact he has been stonewalling . "  We are working all the time , " Churkin said Tuesday of Russia 's draft resolution . They have not held a single negotiation on the text since Christmas , Western diplomats say . Western diplomats admit that when it comes to Syria , they are at a "  dead end . " The only way around it -- the "  only game in town , " as French U.N. Ambassador Gerard Araud says -- is the Arab League . The Arab League has a group of observers in Syria , who were sent there to gauge the situation on the ground . Their report is expected on January 19 . If that report is unequivocal about the Syrian government 's culpability -- an outcome Western diplomats admit is a long shot -- then they may have enough political capital to push forward . And in-person briefing from the Qatari prime minister , who has been very outspoken on Syria , or the secretary general of the Arab League , may help to push Russia , they say . The Arab League report , a Western diplomat said , is a necessary condition for action . But it may not be sufficient .	Western diplomats say Russia is stonewalling all efforts to deal with Syria The diplomats say best hope for action is request for intervention from Arab League Russia believes NATO overstepped in Libya and does n't want a repeat in Syria Russia 's U.N. ambassador on a draft resolution on Syria : "  We are working all the time "
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- The United States is banning the importation of four species of snakes and their eggs , the Interior Department announced Tuesday . Interior Secretary Ken Salazar announced the ban -- which covers the Burmese python , the northern and southern African pythons , and the yellow anaconda -- at a news conference at Everglades National Park in South Florida , where non-native snakes have become a serious problem . Park officials called the announcement a great first step for the park 's ecosystem . "  We are very happy to see this finally in place , " said park spokeswoman Linda Friar . "  The python has continued to be an increasing challenge in management and we are hoping this will help us get a better handle on this species . " The biggest threat to the park is the non-native Burmese python . It is believed that the snakes were originally pets that found their way into the park . The Everglades , known as the river of grass , is a vast area with a climate perfect for the pythons to hide and breed . And breed they do : The largest clutch found in the Everglades was 83 eggs . "  We think there are tens of thousands of snakes  in the park  , " said Friar . The snakes prey on native wildlife such as the endangered Key Largo wood rat and the endangered wood stork . The largest prey , Friar said , was a 76-pound deer that was found in the stomach of a 16-foot python a few months ago . The ban will not affect people who currently own these four species of snakes , other than prohibiting the transportation or selling of the animals across state lines . The ban should be in place by the end of March , when the snakes will be included under the Lacey Act . The act is designed to stop illegal trafficking of specified wildlife , fish and plants . A felony violation of the Lacey Act can bring a five-year prison sentence and a $ 250,000 fine . Although the ban should put a stop to additional pythons entering the country , officials say it will not solve the snake problem in the Everglades . "  We still have to look at improved management and removal to better protect our habitat , " Friar said .	Interior Department announces ban on importing four non-native snake species Pythons are a serious problem in the Everglades , where they kill endangered native species The snakes are believed to be pets that escaped or were released Ban should be in place by March ; felony violation could bring five-year prison sentence
Ali Muhammad Brown was focused on one thing , authorities say . "  My mission is vengeance . For the lives , millions of lives are lost every day ... -LSB- in -RSB- Iraq , Syria , Afghanistan , all these places where innocent lives are being taken every single day . ... So , a life for a life . " That is what law enforcement say Brown told a police investigator in New Jersey when he was interviewed in July . The U.S. government was doing "  evil " within its own borders , too , Brown told law enforcement , according to court papers . Brown , a 29-year-old from Seattle , is the prime suspect in a killing spree stretching from New Jersey to Washington state . Between April and June , police say , Brown killed three people in Washington state , allegedly shooting them at close range late at night in quiet locations . Also in June , 19-year-old college student Brendan Tevlin was found inside an SUV in West Orange , New Jersey , dead of multiple gunshot wounds , authorities said . Police say they traced the gun used in all of the killings to Brown . Brown confessed , according to court documents , telling investigators he strictly follows the Muslim faith and had become angry with what he believed the U.S. was doing abroad . Sources tell CNN that Brown was born in the United States and has family in New Jersey . He was convicted of bank fraud in federal court in 2005 and served time in jail . The FBI tried unsuccessfully to link that case to fundraising for terrorists in Africa , said a former FBI official in Seattle . Authorities say one of Brown 's co-defendants in that case fled to Somalia to fight with the militant group Al-Shabaab . Officials have not said Brown was motivated by a specific terrorist group , and the killings he 's accused of committing happened before the U.S. bombing campaign on ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State . "  Based on the statements he made , I believe you could prove that this is a terrorism offense , " but that does n't necessarily mean that Brown should be prosecuted in federal court , said Amy Jeffress , a former prosecutor and attorney with Arnold & Porter in Washington , D.C. . She served two years as chief of the National Security Section in the D.C. Attorney 's Office , and oversaw investigations and prosecutions of international and domestic terrorism and espionage . As of now , Brown faces state murder charges which carry a life sentence , but authorities could bring more charges . Brown pleaded not guilty in his first court appearance in New Jersey . The defense attorney on record is Al Kapin . CNN 's efforts to contact him were unsuccessful .	Ali Muhammed Brown , 29 , is facing state murder charges Brown , of Seattle , told police his "  mission was vengeance , " document shows U.S. government was doing "  evil , " Brown allegedly said Brown has
London  CNN  -- Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's e-mail may have been hacked by private investigators working for British newspapers when he was the country 's top finance official , the Independent newspaper reported Monday . London 's Metropolitan Police launched an investigation in June into potential computer hacking on behalf of newspapers , after opening separate investigations earlier in the year into phone hacking and police bribery . Authorities refused Monday to confirm they are investigating the potential hacking of Gordon Brown when he was chancellor under Tony Blair . Brown 's office did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment . But another former top government official said police had spoken to him about the possibility that both his government and personal computers were hacked . Peter Hain , a former Northern Ireland secretary who has long been at the heart of the Labour Party , said police had talked to him about potential hacking between 2005 and 2007 . Much of the controversy around phone hacking has centered around the best-selling Sunday tabloid News of the World , which was shut down by proprietor James Murdoch in July in the face of the scandal . The defunct newspaper 's parent company , News International , declined to comment on the Independent story . The Independent does not name the newspaper alleged to have employed the private detectives who targeted government ministers . One person has been arrested in connection with the computer hacking investigation , known as Operation Tuleta . The suspect , a 52-year-old man , was detained in the city of Milton Keynes on November 24 and released on bail until March , police said . Sixteen people have been arrested in connection with the phone-hacking probe , Operation Weeting , and eight people have been arrested in Operation Elvedon , the bribery probe -- including two of the same people arrested over phone hacking . The phone-hacking story , long a bugbear of a handful of high-profile celebrities , journalists and politicians , exploded into international prominence last summer with the revelation that people working for the News of the World illegally eavesdropped on the messages of a missing teenager who later turned out to have been murdered . Two former editors of the News of the World , Rebekah Brooks and Andy Coulson , have been arrested and released on bail . Prime Minister David Cameron has been criticized for hiring Coulson after the editor resigned when subordinates pleaded guilty to phone hacking . Coulson maintains that he was not aware of the illegal activity . The government set up an independent inquiry running alongside the police investigations , and parliament 's media committee has held hearings with witnesses including News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch . His son James has been called twice as lawmakers try to determine how much he knew about phone hacking . Police say notebooks belonging to a private investigator at the heart of the scandal contain the names of 5,800 potential victims . The Independent says police have seized 20 computers in connection with the e-mail hacking probe , and say the machines suggest there could be as many computer-hacking victims as phone-hacking victims . It does not name the source of the claims .	The Independent says Brown may have been a target when he was chancellor Brown and police refuse to comment Police are probing e-mail hacking in connection with phone hacking The scandal started at News of the World and has spread
CNN  -- Italy 's supreme court on Tuesday explained its earlier ruling that American Amanda Knox be retried in the 2007 death of her roommate , saying the jury that acquitted her did n't consider all the evidence , and that discrepancies in testimony need to be answered . The high court also said evidence could support prosecutors ' initial argument -- that Meredith Kercher was killed in a twisted sex misadventure game at Kercher and Knox 's home in Italy , the high court said , according to Italian news agency ANSA . The appeals court jury that acquitted Knox and her ex-boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , in 2011 "  neglected significant evidence " and theories , the high court said in a 74-page explanation . Knox and Sollecito 's retrial , which could start as soon as the fall , should examine discrepancies in testimony , the high court said . These include differing witness accounts of when screaming could be heard from the home , ANSA reported . The high court overturned the acquittals in March , but withheld its full reasoning until Tuesday . Kercher , a 21-year-old British exchange student , was found stabbed to death in November 2007 in the villa she rented with Knox , then 20 , in the central Italian university town of Perugia . Knox : Sometimes I ca n't stop crying Knox and Sollecito were arrested that year and convicted in 2009 of murder in Kercher 's death , but the jury overturned the conviction in 2011 . Knox then returned to her home city of Seattle , Washington . In legal paperwork published in December 2011 , the judge in the case wrote that the jury had cleared the pair of murder for lack of evidence proving they were guilty . Another man , Ivorian drifter Rudy Guede , was convicted separately of Kercher 's killing . Guede admitted having sexual relations with Kercher but denied killing her . Francesco Maresca , attorney for Kercher 's family , appeared satisfied after reading the high court 's reasoning Tuesday . The ruling "  represents a very harsh judgment of the appeal trial , " Maresca said . An attorney for Knox said that he respects the ruling but he does n't agree with it . The high court , he said , was supposed to consider only the legitimacy of the appeal but instead attempted to re-examine the whole case . "  This means that we are going to do again a trial that has already been done , a trial in which there is no clear evidence , " attorney Carlo Della Vedova said . Knox may be ordered to return to Italy for the retrial . If she refuses , the Italian government could appeal to the U.S. government for her extradition . But even if it does , it 's not clear whether the United States would extradite her . When asked Tuesday if Knox would return to Italy to face the new trial , Della Vedova replied : "  Would you send your kid back ? "	Italian high court : Evidence could support a sex-game theory High court : "  Significant evidence " was neglected in Amanda Knox 's acquittal Knox was convicted in 2009 for a stabbing death in Italy , but was acquitted in 2011 The high court ordered a retrial in March , and released its reasons Tuesday
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The first photos of Tiger Woods cradling his new baby boy have been released amid speculation the injured world number one could announce a return to competitive golf "  any day now . " Tiger Woods poses with his family including new son Charlie and dogs Yogi and Taz . Charlie Axel Woods was born on Sunday , February 8 , and is the second child for Woods and his wife Elin . He is pictured here with his 20-month-old sister Sam their dogs Yogi and Taz , who is seen planting a well-timed lick on Tiger 's face . Woods had been waiting for the birth of his second child before making public any decision about a return to the Tour in 2009 . His long-time caddie Steve Williams told Television New Zealand an announcement could come "  any day now , " and that Woods could return to competitive golf "  in the next few weeks . " "  He 's probably 95 percent of the way there . He was waiting for the birth of his second child which came about last week so he 's ready to go , just needs a little bit more walking , " Williams told TVNZ . "  He has n't been able to walk too well . But anytime in the next few weeks he 's going to tee it up . " Williams said Woods "  definitely " wants to play a couple of tournaments before the U.S. Masters at Augusta in early April . The world number one has been out of the game since winning his 14th major title at the U.S. Open at Torrey Pines last June . He underwent reconstructive surgery on the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee and a week later ruled himself out for the rest of the 2008 season . Williams told TVNZ that Tiger had been practicing six hours a day , and that the only concession he has made to his injury was to adjust his swing . "  He 's had to modify his swing a little bit to accommodate his knee but the guy always finds a way , " Williams said . He added : "  Nine months out of the game after a major operation is a long time . But he 's a hell of a competitor and one of the best we 've ever seen in this game so I would suspect that he 'll carry right on , but time will tell that . " Last month , Woods issued a statement saying that he was practicing and making progress towards at a return to the PGA tour . He said after January 1 , he started hitting longer irons and his driver , although was not swinging as hard as he could , adding "  I 'm working towards that goal . " Earlier this month he predicted the new addition to the family would make it a "  hectic Spring " and said that he 'd be taking it "  tournament-to-tournament . "	Golfing legend Tiger Woods poses with his family , including new son Charlie Charlie Axel Woods was born on February 8 , a brother to 20-month-old Sam Woods had been waiting for his son 's birth before announcing a return to golf World No. 1 has been sidelined since June 2008 after undergoing knee surgery
CNN  -- Nineteen new sites have been added to UNESCO 's World Heritage list -- the top honor for monuments , buildings , sites or natural features "  of outstanding universal value . " The UNESCO  United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization  World Heritage Committee is meeting in the Cambodian capital Phnom Penh for its 37th annual session . A reported 34 sites were up for consideration . Though Italy and China lead the pack with two new inscriptions apiece , it 's been a particularly exciting year for Qatar and Fiji , which are now celebrating the addition of their first World Heritage sites . Qatar 's walled coastal town of Al Zubarah in the Gulf and Fiji 's Levuka Historical Port Town were both announced as new additions on Saturday . Other notable new inscriptions include Japan 's Mount Fuji , Namibia 's Namib Sand Sea , the Red Bay Basque Whaling Station in Canada and North Korea 's Kaesong Fortress . Here 's the full list of 19 sites granted UNESCO World Heritage status by the committee : 1 . Xinjiang Tianshan  China 2 . Mount Etna  Italy 3 . El Pinacate and Gran Desierto de Altar Biosphere Reserve  Mexico 4 . Namib Sand Sea  Namibia 5 . Tajik National Park  Tajikistan 6 . Red Bay Basque Whaling Station  Canada 7 . Cultural Landscape of Honghe Hani Rice Terraces  China 8 . Historic Monuments and Sites in Kaesong  North Korea 9 . Levuka Historical Port Town  Fiji 10 . Bergpark Wilhelmshöhe  Germany 11 . Hill Forts of Rajashtan  India 12 . Golestan Palace  Iran 13 . Medici Villas and Gardens in Tuscany  Italy 14 . Fujisan , sacred place and source of artistic inspiration  Japan 15 . Historic Centre of Agadez  Niger 16 . Wooden Tserkvas of the Carpathian Region in Poland and Ukraine  Poland / Ukraine 17 . University of Coimbra -- Alta and Sofia  Portugal 18 . Al Zubarah Archaeological Site  Qatar 19 . Ancient City of Tauric Chersonese and its Chora  Ukraine The UNESCO World Heritage List features 981 sites from 160 countries that are party to the World Heritage Convention . Of these , 759 are cultural , 193 natural and 29 mixed properties . Meanwhile , the UNESCO committee made a few changes to its "  List of World Heritage in Danger . " Iran 's Bam citadel was removed from the danger list while East Rennell of the Solomon Island was added , along with the six World Heritage sites of Syria . UNESCO 's World Heritage Committee has put off its decision on whether to place the Great Barrier Reef on the in danger list until 2014 . More on CNN : 20 of the world 's most beautiful World Heritage Sites World 's best unknown hike : Japan 's Kumano Kodo What 's the big deal about having a UNESCO World Heritage Site	UNESCO Committee gives 19 sites World Heritage status Japan 's Mount Fuji , North Korea 's Kaeson Fortress added to list First inscriptions for Fiji , Qatar
CNN  -- The two women shot and wounded by Los Angeles police during the manhunt for renegade ex-officer Christopher Dorner are "  not doing well , " their attorney said Thursday at a news conference to announce a resolution to the loss of their bullet-riddled pickup truck . Margie Carranza , 47 , and her mother , Emma Hernandez , 71 , will receive $ 40,000 to replace the truck , Los Angeles City Attorney Carmen Trutanich said . Carranza and Hernandez were shot as police searched for Dorner , a former police officer who was wanted for killing several people in early February . Dorner manhunt : A car chase , a gunfight and a fiery cabin The two women were in a truck similar to the one authorities said Dorner was driving . "  They 're not doing well , " attorney Glen Jonas said . "  Margie is still very emotionally impacted by what happened . Emma is suffering as far as her injuries are concerned . " Hernandez was shot twice in the back , and Carranza suffered injuries from broken glass , CNN affiliate KTLA reported . Trutanich told reporters that now that the issues with the truck are settled , lawyers can turn their attention to the personal injury issues . The lawyers said they had to find a creative solution to get the women a new truck because of tax laws . Essentially the $ 40,000 is for the value of the truck , Jonas ' fees , compensation for the time the women have gone without a truck and other matters . Jonas waived his fees , which would have amounted to about $ 25,000 , he said . "  We wanted to get this issue resolved because it is draining a lot of energy , " Jonas said . He would not comment on how much the women will seek in compensation for their physical injuries and emotional distress . Dorner died February 12 while holed up in a cabin that caught fire when police fired tear gas canisters into it . Days before , he had killed four people and wounded three others as part of a vendetta against his former comrades before apparently taking his own life in the cabin . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this story .	Two women shot during the search for Christopher Dorner "  not doing well , " attorney says They were driving a truck similar to one police said Dorner was driving during vendetta Los Angeles will pay them $ 40,000 for the loss of the truck , city attorney says The two sides will discuss personal injury compensation next
CNN  -- The European Union forged a political agreement on Monday to list the military wing of Hezbollah as a terrorist organization , a European diplomat told CNN . The Iranian-backed Lebanese Shiite group , which is a strong force in Lebanese politics , already is regarded as a terrorist organization by the United States and Israel . Hezbollah leader acknowledges fighters ' presence in Syria town There had been political pressure to put the entire group on the terror list amid developments in Bulgaria and Cyprus . The designation would put asset freezes on Hezbollah entities . "  Legal details need to be worked on in the coming days , " the diplomat said . The Bulgarians cited evidence that Hezbollah 's military wing was involved in a terrorist attack last year that killed five Israeli tourists and a Bulgarian bus driver . In Cyprus this year , a court found a Hezbollah member guilty of assisting in the planning of an attack on Israel . Lately , its fighters have sided with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in that country 's civil war . Terrorism at a moment of transition The European Union agreed to target just the military component , the diplomat said . Critics of such an approach say designating part of an entity is n't effective or practical . Israeli Justice Minister Tzipi Livni 's spokeswoman called the decision "  correct and just , " adding that it "  puts an end to the wrong argument " that Hezbollah 's military activities are absolved by the group 's political status . "  Even if Hezbollah is a political party , that does not whitewash and make legitimate their terrorist activities , " the spokeswoman said . Positive reaction U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the move "  will have a significant impact on Hezbollah 's ability to operate freely in Europe by enabling European law enforcement agencies to crack down on Hezbollah 's fundraising , logistical activity and terrorist plotting . " "  As Hezbollah has deepened its support for the brutal Assad regime and worked to expand its global reach through increased involvement in international criminal schemes and terrorist plots around the world , a growing number of governments are recognizing Hezbollah as the dangerous and destabilizing terrorist organization that it is , " Kerry said . "  We call on other governments to follow the EU 's lead and to take steps to begin reining in Hezbollah 's terrorist and criminal activities . " White House spokesman Jay Carney cited Hezbollah 's support for the al-Assad regime in Syria . "  The United States is proud to stand with the European Union on this front , " Carney said . British Foreign Secretary William Hague said the agreement sends "  a clear message " that the European Union "  stands united against terrorism . " "  It shows that no organization can carry out terrorist acts on European soil , such as the appalling attack in Bulgaria one year ago , without facing the consequences . European nations have rightly come together in response , " he said . U.S. Sen. Robert Menendez , the New Jersey Democrat who chairs the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , praised the EU move , noting the Bulgarian and Cyprus developments and Hezbollah 's role in Syria underscore its terrorist identity . "  While I believe that the entire Hezbollah organization unabashedly qualifies for a place on the European Union list of terrorist organizations , today 's decision will send a clear message to Hezbollah , and to their primary backer Iran , that Europe is not a safe haven for terrorists , " Menendez said . Donilon : Hezbollah not ` responsible political actor ' Hezbollah was formed after Israel invaded Lebanon in 1982 to go after the Palestine Liberation Organization and has been accused of high-profile terror attacks over the years . Opinion : Time for G8 to make Hezbollah statement "  Hezbollah first gained notoriety in 1983 after it bombed the United States Embassy in Beirut -- an attack that killed 63 people . Shortly thereafter , Hezbollah bombed the American and French Marine Barracks in Beirut , killing 241 Americans and 58 French service members with one of the largest explosive devices ever detonated during a terrorist attack , " Tom Donilon , President Barack Obama 's former national security adviser , wrote in a New York Times column this year . "  Throughout the 1980s and 1990s , the group conducted kidnappings and airplane hijackings , two bombings in Buenos Aires , several in Paris and an attempted bombing in Bangkok . In 1996 , it assisted in the Khobar Towers attack in Saudi Arabia , which killed 19 Americans . Thanks to this bloody record , in 1997 Hezbollah was among the first groups added to the State Department 's list of foreign terrorist organizations . " Donilon said the group has tried to portray itself as a political entity focused on social services and defending the country . "  But it is an illusion to speak of Hezbollah as a responsible political actor . Hezbollah remains a terrorist organization and a destabilizing force across the Middle East , " he said . Renewed Israeli-Palestinian talks planned The latest EU move comes amid two diplomatic developments last week : its own intention to ban funding to Israeli entities in the West Bank and East Jerusalem , and serious diplomatic wrangling over peace in the Middle East . Kerry is working to bring Israelis and Palestinians together for peace talks . Opinion : Europe , name Hezbollah in terror EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton noted that the European Union published a document reiterating "  the long-held position that bilateral agreements with Israel do not cover the territory that came under Israel 's administration in June 1967 . " The move prompted criticism out of Israel and from some U.S. lawmakers , who called it "  counterproductive . " She said the "  specific provisions " of the guidelines covering Israel-EU "  funding instruments " wo n't be implemented before January 1 . "  This is meant to clarify the EU 's position in advance of negotiations of agreements with Israel during the forthcoming financial perspective commencing in 2014 . In no way will this prejudge the outcome of peace negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians . It has been the EU 's long-held position that it will recognize changes made to the borders once agreed , " Ashton said . She said the European Union is "  deeply committed " to peace negotiations . Hezbollah has been a staunch opponent of Israel . The Jewish state and Hezbollah also fought a war in 2006 after the military group kidnapped and killed Israeli soldiers . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Beirut and CNN 's Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Tom Cohen in Washington contributed to this report .	NEW : White House says U.S. "  proud to stand " with EU on the matter This comes amid a new initiative for Israeli and Palestinian talks Hezbollah has been supporting Syria 's Bashar al-Assad Israel 's justice minister calls the decision "  correct and just "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A Los Angeles Superior Court judge on Monday approved an agreement granting Michael Jackson 's mother , Katherine Jackson , permanent custody of his children . Katherine Jackson has accused the executors of her son Michael 's estate of "  keeping her in the dark . " A hearing is scheduled for October to look at some remaining issues . An agreement between Katherine Jackson , 79 , and Debbie Rowe , mother of Jackson 's two eldest children , cleared the way for an uncontested custody hearing . Rowe , who was briefly married to Michael Jackson , agreed not to fight for custody in exchange for visits with the children . Katherine Jackson was in the courtroom along with her daughters LaToya and Rebbie and a son , Randy . Rowe did not attend Monday 's hearing , but her attorney , Eric George , spoke briefly outside the courthouse . "  She 's faced difficulties and pressures none of us know , and today 's agreement shows that she responded with heart , integrity and selflessness , " George said of Rowe . He also praised Katherine Jackson 's attorneys for their part in bringing about the agreement . Michael Jackson 's two oldest children -- Michael Joseph Jackson Jr. , 12 , and Paris-Michael Katherine Jackson , 11 -- signed consents to the agreement . He also has a 7-year-old son , Michael Joseph Jackson II , known as Blanket , with an unidentified surrogate . The custody agreement does not involve any financial payments to Rowe "  apart from the continuation of spousal support payments " that Michael Jackson personally agreed to make to Rowe after the divorce , their lawyers said in a joint statement . Watch Rowe 's attorney talk about the decision " Jackson 's children have been living with their paternal grandmother at her Encino , California , home since their father 's death June 25 . Also at the hearing Monday , attorneys for Jackson 's dermatologist , Dr. Arnold Klein , said he sought a role in the children 's lives and wanted "  in some way to be involved " in respect to their education and medical care , although he was not objecting to the custody agreement . But Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff denied Klein 's request to be a party to the hearing . Details of how the children were conceived and who was the biological father have been closely guarded amid much public speculation . In an interview last month on ABC 's "  Good Morning America , " Klein did not rule out being the biological father of the children . "  Not to the best of my knowledge , " he said when asked by Diane Sawyer whether he was the father . "  All I can tell you is , best of my knowledge , I am not the father of these children . But I am telling you , if push comes to shove , I ca n't say anything . " Asked about Klein 's attorneys saying he wants a role in the children 's lives , George declined comment . Klein was not in the hearing Monday . Rowe and Jackson divorced in 1999 , with Rowe giving him full custody while she got an $ 8.5 million settlement , according to court documents . Jackson later agreed to additional support . Rowe gave up parental rights to Jackson in 2001 , but she changed her mind more than two years later and sought temporary custody of the children . A California appeals court ruled that her rights were improperly terminated , opening the door for a possible custody battle . On Monday , Beckloff awarded Katherine Jackson all of the family allowance funds she requested but gave only 83.5 percent of what she requested in support of the children . He said he disallowed money for one item , which he described as "  quite a large amount " that he was not sure was necessary . The allowance order is sealed . Beckloff set a hearing to revisit the allowance matter in January . Also Monday , Beckloff ordered Katherine Jackson be given copies of her son 's contracts in connection with a series of concerts that had been scheduled for this summer . She sought the contracts between Michael Jackson and AEG , the company that was organizing and promoting the concerts , along with others involved in the tour . She has agreed to keep the contract provisions confidential . Sharing of the contracts was a major point of contention between Katherine Jackson and the two men who control her son 's estate : John Branca , Michael Jackson 's longtime personal attorney , and John McClain , a music industry executive and longtime friend . Branca 's attorney argued in a court filing that his client had no choice but to request confidentiality from Katherine Jackson , since the contracts have a provision keeping them confidential . Katherine Jackson has also challenged the two men named as executors of her son 's will . However , Beckloff did not rule on that matter Monday , saying he would like attorneys for the two sides to attempt to reach a resolution on their own . The attorneys conferred on the estate dispute during a morning recess that stretched to more than 90 minutes without reaching an agreement . Lawyers for Branca and McClain suggested Beckloff appoint them as executors of the will , but Beckloff instead extended their appointment as special administrators of Jackson 's estate for another 60 days while he considers Katherine Jackson 's objections . "  We believe the judge did the right thing , " Branca 's attorney , Howard Weitzman , told reporters after the hearing . "  We 're quite pleased that the judge did what was appropriate . " He took no questions . During Monday 's hearing , Beckloff asked one of her attorneys , Burt Levitch , if there was any objection to admitting the will for probate -- without deciding who its executors will be . Beckloff noted that no one has come forward to object to the terms of the will itself . Levitch agreed , and Beckloff officially admitted the will for probate . The action starts a 120-day clock running for the will to be probated . The will , written in 2002 , places all of Michael Jackson 's assets into a family trust benefiting his mother , his three children and unnamed charities . Katherine Jackson 's attorneys filed a petition last week accusing the men who now control the estate of being "  intent on keeping her in the dark " about deals they 've made or are negotiating . Londell McMillan , Jackson 's lead attorney , raised questions about "  a suspicious circle of relationships " involving Branca and McClain . Katherine Jackson is asking the judge to order Branca , McClain and others to answer questions under oath about their business agreements to determine if they are "  fit and able " to administer the estate . The men also were served with a 19-page demand for documents , including the AEG contracts . Branca 's lawyers argued that Katherine Jackson 's demand for documents is too broad and burdensome . But , McMillan said , "  such measures will not be necessary if Mrs. Jackson is appointed a co-executor of the estate . " Beckloff expressed concern , however , about delaying the appointment of executors for too long , since they must deal with any creditors to the estate that come forward . McMillan , in an interview with CBS Thursday , estimated the Jackson estate was worth $ 2 billion , while the executors have estimated in court that its value is around $ 500 million . The next hearings in the matter are scheduled for August 10 and August 28 to deal with safe harbor motions . Katherine Jackson wants Beckloff to set aside a provision in her son 's will that anyone who challenges its terms can be dropped from the will .	Katherine Jackson named permanent guardian of Michael Jackson 's kids She will be given copies of Michael Jackson AEG contracts Lawyers ' petition accuses executors of keeping singer 's mother "  in the dark "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- One revolutionized women 's hair in the 1960s . Another brought fear to Middle Earth . Another is a champion golfer who now designs courses all over the world . Christopher Lee is famous for playing Count Dracula and his roles in "  Lord of the Rings " and "  Star Wars " films . Vidal Sassoon , Christopher Lee and Nick Faldo are among those recognized this year on Queen Elizabeth 's birthday honors list . Lee and Faldo will both receive knighthoods , meaning they can now be known as "  Sir Christopher " and "  Sir Nick . " Lee , 87 , is famous for his portrayal of dark villains , starting with Count Dracula in a series of movies from the late 1950s until the 1970s . He gained a new generation of fans in in the past decade through is role as the bad wizard Saruman the White in the the "  Lord of the Rings " trilogy , and as the evil Count Dooku in two "  Star Wars " prequels . World-famous golfer Nick Faldo holds six major championship titles -- three from the British Open and three from the Masters . He has the record for the longest streak of majors played -- 48 -- dating to the 1987 British Open , according to the PGA Tour . Faldo is now almost as famous for designing golf courses as he is for playing the sport . He also serves as a television commentator . A knighthood is the highest honor , and recipients may use the title "  Sir " before their names . The equivalent for women is to be awarded the title of "  Dame . " They recognize a "  pre-eminent contribution " in any field . Next come CBEs , or Commanders of the Order of the British Empire , which recognize contribution to a slightly lesser degree . Recipients may not use the title of sir or dame but may use the initials after their names . Sassoon will be awarded a CBE for his services to the British hairdressing industry . It recognizes a lifetime of achievement for Sassoon , who as a young boy spent years in a London orphanage after his father left and his mother could not afford to care for him . Later , after his mother dreamed of her son being in a barber shop , she apprenticed him to a local barber . That began a career that saw him develop two classic hairstyles of the Sixties -- the Bob and the even shorter Five-Point Cut -- along with an eponymous hair care line , range of hair care tools , and chain of salons . Also receiving a CBE is Jonathan Pryce , a Golden Globe-nominated actor who has had roles in the "  Pirates of the Caribbean " movies , "  Ronin , " and the James Bond film "  Tomorrow Never Dies . " He won a best actor award in 1995 at Cannes for his part in the movie "  Carrington . " Actor Alan Cumming will receive an OBE , or Order of the British Empire , awarded for notable achievement in any field . He was recognized for "  services to film , theater and the arts and to activism for equal rights for the gay and lesbian community . " A large number of artists and others in creative fields are featured on this year 's list . Andrew Motion , who was Britain 's poet laureate until he stepped down this year , will receive a knighthood , and several names in fashion will also receive awards . Fashion designer Jeff Banks will receive a CBE ; Frances Marie Corner , the head of the London College of Fashion , will receive an OBE ; and MBEs will go to Christopher Bailey , the creative director at Burberry , and Natalie Massenet , the founder of online designer shopping site Net-a-Porter . Honors lists are published twice a year -- once on New Year 's Day and once in June , to mark the queen 's "  official " birthday . The queen 's actual birthday is in April but she celebrates it in June because the weather is better .	Hairdresser Vidal Sassoon , golfer Nick Faldo honored by UK 's queen "  Dracula " star Christopher Lee knighted in Queen Elizabeth 's birthday honors list Actors Jonathan Pryce and Alan Cumming also honored
CNN  -- For decades -- dating back to the 1980s -- Apple and Adobe Systems have had a deeply troubled relationship . The most recent phase of their ongoing struggle has been over whether Flash  Adobe 's hugely popular proprietary format for adding animation , video , and interactivity to web pages  would run on Apple mobile devices . Apple has always resisted putting Flash on the iPhone , because Flash has performed notoriously poorly on Macintosh computers . But these days internet access is swiftly going mobile , and Apple 's iPhone holds the most interactivity - and video-hungry portion of the smartphone market . Apple does offer a mobile app that re-encodes YouTube Flash videos to play on the iPhone , but in general Flash elements wo n't play on Apple mobile devices . So Adobe has been trying hard to get Apple to support Flash on the iPhone , iPad and iPod Touch . It looks like Adobe has finally lost this battle . Last week Adobe Systems released Wallaby -- an experimental new drag-and-drop tool for developers that converts Flash files into HTML5 . HTML5 is an emerging web standard that can work with the fully featured browsers available on most mobile devices , including the iPhone and iPad . It allows developers to build mobile web pages that are much more interactive and multimedia-rich .  Technically , it 's now called just HTML , but most people are still saying "  HTML5 " to refer to the new capabilities . Also , HTML5 can be used to build mobile apps that work offline . As CNN Money recently explained , HTML5 web apps "  can still function in areas with no connection . Gamers , for instance , can continue playing uninterrupted even if their device loses its signal . " In January , The New York Times reported that many online content services , including Vimeo and Flickr , are experimenting with using HTML5 to deliver video and other rich media , probably driven in part by Apple 's lack of mobile support for Flash . The Washington Post reports that Wallaby  a program that runs on the Adobe AIR platform , which does work with Apple 's iOS mobile operating system  "  was tested with iOS 4.2 . The only supported Webkit browsers at this time are Chrome and Safari on OSX , Windows and iOS . " What does this mean for iPhone users ? If Wallaby becomes popular with developers , then many websites that use Flash to present interactive features or multimedia content -- anything from videos to games to simulations and more -- may suddenly start working right on the iPhone and iPad . So iPhone and iPad users will encounter fewer of those annoying blank holes on web pages where multimedia is supposed to appear . But in the big picture , if most internet access goes mobile  as Gartner predicted will happen by 2013  , then there might be less and less reason for web developers to use Flash . It could be that HTML5 might become the norm , and Flash might fade into the mists of tech history . Daniel Eran Dilger predicted Adobe 's move to accommodate HTML5 almost a year ago , in his brilliant mock-biblical chronicle of the history of Adobe vs. Apple , an amazingly entertaining read . Dilger wrote : " ... And Adobe saw four horsemen of the apocalypse ascending from the sea , the rider of the white horse was Steve Jobs and he was bent on conquest . And a second horse , red , was given to iPhone to take away market share from smartphones , and to cause phone makers to wage war and to fall upon their own swords . "  And a third horse , black , was carrying the scales of the iPod touch , and it measured out music playback from iTunes and sold many apps and starved other mobile platforms of mobile application demand . And fourth horse , pale , had a rider named iPad , which pundits called Death . And it caused famine for tablets and plague for slates and killed with a sword . And none of the horsemen used Flash . "  And Adobe frightfully woke from its vision of terrors , and realized that its days of monopolizing the web with Flash content were over . " ... And then Adobe began building HTML5 development tools , and it charged reasonable prices and built cross-platform products and the people rejoiced and Adobe 's death was spared and it lived comfortably for many days next to Apple . "  And Steve Jobs said thank you and Adobe said no , thank you . And they all lived happily ever after . "	Adobe 's Flash does not work on Apple 's iPhones or iPads Adobe is releasing an application that will convert Flash into HTML5 HTML5 is a new web standard aimed at working on most browsers and mobile devices .
CNN  -- An undercover sting operation nabbed an Atlanta-area sheriff 's deputy who was selling marijuana out of his patrol car and in uniform , federal authorities say . Newton County Deputy Darrell Mathis told an informant that he could sell pot without fear because "  he drives safely and flashes police credentials to get out of tickets if stopped , " according to court papers . Mathis , a five-year veteran deputy , was freed on bond after his arrest last week , the FBI said . "  This defendant used his position as a police officer to openly violate the very laws that he was sworn to uphold , " U.S. Attorney Sally Quillian Yates said in a written statement . "  Selling marijuana out of his police car while wearing a badge and uniform is outrageous . This case is a reminder that no one is above the law . " Mathis has been charged with possession of marijuana with intent to distribute and with carrying a firearm during a drug offense -- a charge that could bring a possible life sentence if convicted . He did not immediately return messages seeking comment Sunday . Newton County is about 30 miles east of Atlanta . Sheriff Ezell Brown said Mathis has been placed on administrative leave , and his office is cooperating with the investigation . Doritos on menu at Seattle Hempfest , courtesy of local police "  This is an embarrassment to the Newton County Sheriff 's Office , as well as law enforcement in general , " Brown said in a joint statement with Yates . According to the charges against him , Mathis attracted the attention of the FBI in April after what officials called a "  social visit " by a person who went on to become a confidential informant . The informant visited Mathis at his apartment and saw large bags of what was "  believed to be marijuana " on the living room table . The complaint states that Mathis told the informant that he was n't concerned about getting caught , because of his safe driving and police credentials . Apparently unnerved by the exchange , the informant went to the authorities and offered to help with an investigation . The FBI then set up a half dozen meetings among Mathis , the informant and eventually two undercover agents , court papers recount . Mathis and the informant discussed a drug sale during their next meeting , the charges state . Mathis sold the informant an ounce of marijuana later that day , showing up for the deal in his cruiser , in uniform and carrying his service pistol . After that , an undercover agent got involved -- and the amounts of marijuana increased . In June , as the agent bought a pound of pot , Mathis boasted , "  I do my little 10 to 15 a week " -- a phrase the agent "  understood to mean selling 10 to 15 pounds a week , " the arrest affidavit states . Then in early August , according to the complaint , Mathis met with another undercover agent , a supposed cocaine dealer . The two agents and Mathis sat down at a restaurant to discuss buying and transporting marijuana and cocaine , according to the complaint . While the three spoke , Mathis allegedly pulled out his badge and told the undercover agent , "  Do n't worry , I 'm on your side . " By the end of the meeting , the complaint alleges , Mathis had agreed to run marijuana and cocaine from Alabama to North Carolina at the behest of the undercover agent . Federal agents found a pound of pot on Mathis when he was arrested last week , the FBI said . CNN 's Kevin Wang contributed to this report .	The FBI says Darrell Mathis sold marijuana to federal agents during a 4-month probe Mathis turned up in his patrol car , in uniform , for some sales The investigation began with a "  social visit , " court papers state Mathis could not be reached for comment ; he could face up to life in prison if found guilty
CNN  -- Kit Skogsbergh can see it now . "  He would be a sidekick , " she told me . "  He would have a soft and soothing voice . ... He would kind of be like Piglet in the Pooh movies because he would be a little cautious and scared of things , but once he knew the plan and how things worked he would warm up to it and maybe by the end of the movie he might not have to roll up into a ball  and hide  . He 'd be able to face things head on . " The 32-year-old from Pasadena , California , recently filed a petition on Change.org asking Disney to make an animated character out of a pangolin , a little-known , scale-covered mammal that 's notoriously shy and , to Kit 's point , can protect itself from pretty much anything in the wild -- lions , tigers -- by rolling up into a ball . The pangolin is being trafficked toward extinction -- sold for its scales , which are used in traditional medicine , and for its meat , which is a delicacy in Vietnam and China . Pangolins are traded by the ton . Disney could give the pangolin the celebrity it needs to survive . I 'd encourage you to sign Kit 's petition at Change.org . If people cared about the pangolin the way they care about tigers or elephants , it easily could be saved from extinction . The trouble : Few seem to realize these awesomely introverted animals exist . They 're little studied and barely understood . They 're also not conventionally cute , which makes it easier for conservation organizations and the public to write them off as expendable . Yet they are essential , valuable creatures . I recently went to Vietnam and Indonesia as part of CNN 's Change the List project to document the massive illegal trade in endangered pangolin species . I had n't heard of pangolins before readers voted for me to cover the illegal animal trade as part of that project ; and Kit had n't heard of them until she read the story last week . "  I got about halfway through  the story  and my stomach hurt so bad I could n't finish it , " Kit told me last week . "  I had this nagging feeling , you know , to do something about it . " Kit 's petition -- titled "  Help beautiful and mysterious pangolins by featuring them in an animated movie ! " -- had 1,425 signatures as of Monday morning . At least 13 other readers also started petitions urging Disney to put a pangolin character in an animated film or short , according to Pulin Modi , a senior campaigner at Change.org . Disney and Disney Pixar have the reach to make the pangolin popular . And they do n't have to do it out of the goodness of their hearts . It could be a hit . Pangolins are the ultimate underdog -- lovable and secretive , curious and little-known . Mother pangolins carry their babies around on their backs ; pangolins hang from trees by their tails ; and their tongues are longer than their bodies . Plus , Disney already has a choice of names . CNN readers are voting on a name for pangolin P26 , which was rescued from the wildlife trade and was recently released back into the wild in Vietnam . Some of the names would be perfect for an animated character : Pemalu , which is Indonesian for "  shy " ; Bao , Vietnamese for "  protection . " Or Percival , which is alliterative and fun . "  When you introduce a character in a Disney film the animal suddenly gets more recognition and people start talking about it , " said Kit , who is a Disney fan . "  That education and awareness is what 's going to help shape future generations ' minds . Maybe we can start with younger people and they can grow up not wanting to eat the pangolin . " It might seem far-fetched that any Disney viewer would eat pangolin . But not for Kit , who is Chinese-American and who told me her father likely has consumed endangered wildlife products while doing business in China , possibly including pangolin . It 's been a source of family conflict . "  It 's like talking to a piece of cheese , you just do n't get anywhere , " she said of her conversations with her dad about the welfare of endangered animals . "  It 's funny to him that people are concerned about what happens to an animal -- because it 's just an animal , it 's nothing more than that . It does n't offer anything more than food or nourishment or medicinal properties . He laughs and says it makes you live longer or it makes your skin nice . And he 'll say , ` You 're crazy ! You Americans ! ' " She does n't think she 'll be able to persuade her dad to change , but younger generations may be the ones to save animals like pangolins and rhinos , she said . And Disney could reach them . Kit 's own story is proof it could work . Kit was born in the United States , and she developed a fondness for animals when she was young . Her parents valued animals for their function -- Doom the Doberman 's ability to protect their home , their ducks ' eggs -- but she saw them as friends . "  Maybe I did n't have enough friends and the animals were always super friendly all the time , " she said . "  I feel like it 's pretty easy to make friends with animals . " She now has three cats -- Cheezburger , Monster and Ninja -- and a rabbit named Bunny . She became an advocate for animals because she got to know them . "  As a Chinese-American , I also want to speak up because the demand in China is helping drive the demand for pangolins to be killed for meat and medicines , " she writes in the Change.org petition . "  I can tell you many Chinese citizens do not support this cruelty , and I believe we can bring wildlife advocates from around the world together to ask Disney to take this simple , fun , positive step to help pangolins . " "  It did n't cost me anything but half an hour of my time , " she said of the petition . And it would take far less time to sign it .	More than 1,400 people sign a petition asking Disney to make a pangolin movie John Sutter recently featured the pangolin as part of his Change the List project The relatively unknown creature is thought to be the most trafficked mammal in the world Sutter says celebrity could help save the pangolin ; few care about the illegal trade
The rebel seizure of the capital of the volatile Central African Republic has sent the president packing and prompted the nation 's suspension from the continent 's top political entity . President Francois Bozize fled and ended up in Cameroon after rebels took Bangui on Sunday , Cameroon state TV said Monday , reporting a government communique . The ousted president sought refuge in Cameroon , where he is hoping to move to another country , the report says . The African Union -- which represents nations across the continent -- took the action against the Central African Republic after the insurgents captured Bangui . In a communique published on the AU 's website , the union said the rebels violated a January cease-fire agreement and peace deal that had called for rebels to form a unity government under the nation 's president . Seleka rebels call Bozize the former president A written statement from an official with the Seleka rebels referred to Bozize as the country 's former president and urged residents of the landlocked country to remain calm and prepare themselves to welcome rebel forces . A wave of unrest started in December , when the Seleka rebel coalition launched its offensive . The rebels accused Bozize of reneging on a peace deal and demanded that he step down . The rebel group , based in the country 's north , managed to take control of several towns and move toward Bangui in the following weeks . The Seleka and the government brokered a new peace deal in January , agreeing to form a unity government led by Bozize . But that peace deal also fell apart . Swift world condemnation France condemns rebels ' "  use of force " to capture Bangui and said any political transition in the former French colony should be governed by the January peace deal , according to Philippe Lalliot , spokesman for France 's Foreign Ministry . British Foreign Secretary William Hague , speaking in neighboring Democratic Republic of Congo , expressed concern over reports of casualties and looting . He called for restraint and a "  swift return to democratic rule . " Catherine Ashton , the European Union 's foreign policy chief , urged "  all parties to cease hostilities immediately " and called on "  armed groups to respect and protect the civilian population . " She urged rival parties to engage in negotiations . "  Violent or unconstitutional changes of government remain unacceptable , " she said .	Bozize is hoping to jump to another country from Cameroon The African Union has suspended the Central African Republic Britain , France and the European Union express concern
CNN  -- More than 1 billion people all over the globe will observe the 40th anniversary of Earth Day today , which promises to be the largest since that first event in 1970 . In 2010 , the environmental challenges we face are global and call for new solutions . Forty years ago we were reactive . In 1969 , the year before the first Earth Day , two environmental disasters grabbed the country 's attention : a massive oil spill coated the coast of Santa Barbara , California , and the Cuyahoga River in Cleveland , Ohio , grew so polluted that it actually caught fire . Forty years later , with climate change looming and no strong international agreement in place despite the Copenhagen Climate conference , environmental activists are taking a proactive stance . They are arming themselves with the internet and social media to create another grass-roots movement for change , even larger than the first . How countries like India and China solve their future energy needs has an impact on people everywhere -- many developing countries are now pulling ahead of the United States on renewable energy -- and how the United States addresses its key issues will have an equal impact . Americans of all political stripes can agree on certain essential goals , such as how we must preserve the world 's natural wonders for generations to come and how we must live in harmony with this world of finite natural resources . But not everyone sees the bigger picture -- that the global economy will improve by moving away from dependence on fossil fuel , that investments in renewable energy can create jobs and that a new revolution is needed to replace the outdated Industrial Revolution . It took 150 years to transform our agrarian society to an industrial one . But today , we do n't have the luxury of time . Climate solutions are urgently needed . The challenge is to move from carbon-based energy and industrial systems into a post-carbon , or green , economy . A green economy relies on renewable energy and the creation of green jobs to prevent further pollution and resource depletion and sustain economic growth . Economic growth , quality jobs and energy independence are not mutually exclusive . According to studies gathered by the Environmental and Energy Study Group , a Washington energy think tank , energy efficiency employs 8 million and renewable energy employs 450,000 in the United States . The Earth Day Network and its partners are orchestrating large events in New York ; Rabat , Morocco ; Kolkata , India ; Buenos Aires , Argentina , and Tokyo , Japan . A massive climate rally is planned for Washington on April 25 . Earth Day Network is backed by more than 20,000 organizations spanning 190 countries . All these organizations have a stake in climate change , development and growth , national security and energy policy -- geopolitical issues that must be addressed . Earth Day has become a year-round imperative . From public meetings to civic action , Earth Day 's influence has created a green generation of activists , business leaders , and government leaders who are creating a new global green future worthy of the aspirations of the first Earth Day . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kathleen Rogers .	Kathleen Rogers : More than a billion people to take part in the 40th Earth Day Rogers : How nations like India , U.S. , China solve their future energy needs affects the world Rogers says global economy will benefit if it no longer depends on fossil fuel She says problems ca n't wait ; renewable energy and green jobs are the future
CNN  -- It 's official : The weather has been a bit weird this winter . The nation 's climate agency says so -- and , in part , explains why . There is method to the meteorological madness . And it has served to spread the weirdness around the world , from the American West all the way to Russia , a climate expert from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said . The drought parching California ; those two snowpocalypses in the South ; the unrelenting New England snow ; the sopping soaking of the UK ; short sleeves on Sochi 's snow-hungry slopes . One single weather event has a hand in all of them , said NOAA environmentalist Bill Lapenta . "  They are associated with that long-wave pattern , so they are connected in that sense , " he said . That "  long-wave pattern " is like a whip that got swung in California and has cracked in all the other places . A big , sturdy ridge of high pressure air has blustered rain clouds away from California , and at the same time , it has pushed the jet-stream way up into Canada . What goes up ... In reaction to that , the jet-stream has swung back deeper into the South than usual , carrying Canadian cold with it . Voila . Snow and ice from Louisiana to the Carolinas . Then it has whipped back up , helping big storms dump snow over the Northeast . From there , the same jet-stream has crossed the Atlantic and brought weather that flooded Great Britain in the wettest January there in two and a half centuries . Down the road a bit , at the Winter Olympics , it 's practically springtime in Sochi , and it 's that same jet-stream dragging in warmth that 's boosting temperatures well above freezing . But it gets even worse . The jet-stream is moving slower than in past years , which means that all that ugly weather is hovering over places for longer periods , plaguing them with more of its nastiness than usual . It has weather-beaten people in many parts of the world groaning the same moan : "  I 've never seen weather like this before . " Are they exaggerating ? Maybe not . Let 's have a look at the season 's weather , starting with the whip 's handle -- in California -- and follow the jet-stream 's lash from there . Cali-dehydration The dryness in California is making its mark in the history books . The state grows more than the lion 's share of the tomatoes used in U.S. processed foods , farmer Mark Borba brags . This year ? Zero , he said . For the first time in its history , the California Water Project - a system of canals and reservoirs that provide water to two thirds of the people in the state 's Central Valley -- set its allocation for all of them to zero . This pertains to people in the country and in cities alike . Borba blames it in part on bureaucratic tangles between state and local authorities who decide over the water 's release . But that does n't negate the fact that there is a water shortage . His farm gets its water from reservoirs 500 miles to his north . This year , they are running on bare minimum . Further down the jet-stream , there 's been precipitation to spare . Winter blunderland If you have n't been living under a rock , you 've heard about or felt the winter ills that have walloped the nation 's Southeast . About two weeks ago , less than three inches of snow turned the region 's largest city into a gridlocked parking lot , where thousands of motorists sat for as much as 20 hours in their cars , while lows dipped into the teens . Not being able to deal with snow is no surprise for a region that usually gets iced over every ten years or so -- although the last such shellacking came three years ago . Then this week , a second winter storm polished a path of white from Alabama all the way up to Maine . Not that the Northeast is not used to snow , after all it 's winter , and it 's normal there . But the frequency of heavy snows has had leaders in the region huffing for a break . New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio greeted reporters covering the storm with the line : "  Welcome to winter storm six of the last six weeks . " And as New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said before the worst of the storm hit : "  This has just been a brutal winter where it never really has gotten warmer . And so the natural melting away of snow and ice is not happening . " Exaggeration or winter storm exhaustion ? It may have been a long-planned vacation , but after the last storm passed , Christie took off with his family for the warmer latitudes of Puerto Rico . A previous recent snow-thumping wrecked much of his inauguration celebration -- along with that bridge scandal . Add to that increased frequency of snowfall a quick CNN weather factoid : Over the last week , was snow on the ground in 49 of 50 states . Oh , Britannia Following the jet-stream across the North Atlantic , things get warmer , but also , much , much wetter . London is used to rain , but this ? The River Thames has burst its banks . What British meteorologists say makes it sound like they may have already heard NOAA 's Lapenta mention of hovering , long-lasting storms . The Met Office , the UK 's national weather service , said the recent series of winter storms "  has been exceptional in its duration , and has led to the wettest December to January period in the UK since records began . " Some communities in low-lying areas in southwest England are looking more like the water-bound city of Venice , Italy . They have been under water since December . And there 's no letup in sight just yet . Authorities have warned communities along the Thames that more flooding is on its way , as the river reaches its highest level in 60 years . A powerful Atlantic storm that is blowing in on Friday will add to people 's woes . Where 's that coming from ? It 's what 's left of a storm that plastered the United States with snow and ice . Let it snow ! Photos of Olympic cross-country skiers striding for miles in the snow in short sleeves were all the rage this week . They illustrate how warm it has been in Sochi , Russia , at the Winter Games . Low temperatures have been well above freezing , and daytime highs have hit the 50 's , NOAA says . Spectators may find it pleasant to walk around in light jackets -- or amusing to sit in the sun in shorts and t-shirts . But for the organizers , the warm weather , which Lapenta says is strongly influenced by that same jet-stream , has been no laughing matter . They 've had to crank up snow machines to keep some pistes white . Sochi has been one of the warmest cities to host the winter Games , NOAA says on its website . But that 's not really shocking , the climate agency says . "  Sochi sits in a marginally wintry zone along the Black Sea coast near the Caucasus Mountains , " it says . But with the current jet-stream pattern , marginally wintry does not seem to be enough to hold back balmier air . Luckily , many events are being held indoors or at higher , colder elevations . Blasts of warm weather at Winter Olympic Games is nothing new , and it has been worse before . "  In 2010 , Vancouver , Canada experienced its warmest January ever recorded , " NOAA says . Snow machines were powerless against it , so organizers had to ship in snow by truck and helicopter . NOAA advises that the Olympic Committee should consider awarding the Games to cities in solidly cold regions -- as global warming increases . That leads to a pertinent question that is often on people 's minds when the weather goes haywire these days . Yes or No Can we chalk this wacko winter up to climate change ? Lapenta would like to know , too . Cracking that code will be very complicated . But there is something else that baffles his team . Why has the jet-stream gotten to be so slow this year ? "  That 's an area of research that we 're currently investigating . We do n't have a clear-cut answer to that question , " he said . If climate scientists can make that connection , it will allow them to better predict weather craziness as much as a month or two ahead of time , Lapenta said . So we 'll all know what we 've got coming . CNN 's Miguel Marquez , Laura Smith-Spark and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Yep , this is unusual ; NOAA says so -- and , in part , why The odd weather pattern stretches from California to Russia It includes the Southwest 's drought , the recent blasts of snow , UK flooding And it 's warming the Winter Olympic Games in Sochi
CNN  -- A Florida man wanted in connection with the shooting deaths of two Tampa police officers has been arrested , authorities said Friday night . Dontae Morris was turned in by a third party , Police Chief Jane Castor told reporters at a late night news conference . He is being held at the Hillsborough County Jail . "  I ca n't tell you how relieved the men and women of the Tampa police department are , " Castor said . "  This has brought us a sense of closure , and I pray the arrest brings a level of peace to the families of the officers . " Morris is accused of shooting police officers Jeffrey Kocab and David Curtis during an early morning traffic stop near downtown Tampa on Tuesday . Both men died later at the hospital , according to police . Castor also announced the arrest of 22-year-old Cortnee Brantly , the woman believed to have been driving the car at the time of the shooting . "  She was arrested by Hillsborough County sheriff deputies in Brandon , " Castor said . "  She is facing federal charges of witnessing a felony and not reporting it . " Brantly was questioned by police for several hours immediately after the shooting Tuesday , but was not arrested at that time . Funeral services for the two officers are scheduled for Saturday . Castor said the arrests mean the department will be able to provide the officers with the honorable tribute they deserve . Both officers were age 31 . Kocab 's wife is due to give birth next week , authorities said . Curtis leaves behind a wife and four sons , including an 8-month-old . Curtis pulled the suspect vehicle over about 2:15 a.m. ET Tuesday and Brantly gave him identification and vehicle registration that did not match the vehicle , according to police . Running a criminal history check , Curtis found that Morris had an outstanding warrant for a worthless check out of Jacksonville . He called for backup , and Kocab responded . Police said as the two officers tried to arrest the suspect , he pulled out a gun and shot them . After the shooting , Castor called Morris "  a cold-blooded killer . " She reiterated that Friday night . "  I stand by my definition of a cold-blooded killer . Thank God he is behind bars right now . " Mayor Pamela Iorio said she was "  thankful that we have been able to arrest him before the Saturday funeral . Tonight , everyone in Tampa can sleep easier because Dontae Morris is off the street . "	Suspect Dontae Morris arrested He was turned in by a third party Funeral for slain officers is Saturday Tampa police chief relieved arrests made before service
CNN  -- Sean Kingston is walking around Miami 's Jackson Memorial Hospital eight days after he was brought there in critical condition following a personal-watercraft crash , the publicist for Epic Records said Monday . Kingston , 21 , has been upgraded to serious condition , publicist Joe Carozza said . "  Sean is breathing on his own and walked for the first time this morning , " Carozza said . Two sources close to the hip-hop artist told CNN last week that doctors expected Kingston to need about six weeks to recover . He suffered a broken jaw , a fractured wrist and water in his lungs , according to the sources , who both asked not to be identified since they were not authorized to speak to the media . Cassandra Sanchez , 23 , was riding on the Sea Doo personal watercraft with Kingston when it crashed into a Miami bridge on May 29 , according to an accident report from the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission . Sanchez was also injured and hospitalized . Kingston had bought the Sea Doo just days before , as he was moving into a new house in Miami , one of the sources said . His life vest apparently fell off during the crash , causing him to sink below the water , according to witnesses . "  They were calling us over , telling us , ` He 's drowning , he 's drowning , ' " said Carmen Rivera , who was boating nearby with her husband , Jonathan Rivera , and friend Jimmy Vega . The three rescuers were interviewed by CNN affiliate WSVN-TV . "  We jumped in the water to help him keep his head above water , " Vega said . "  I pushed him up , and he was vomiting what seemed like water , and then there was some blood coming out , " Jonathan Rivera said . The Miami-born artist changed his name from Kisean Anderson to Kingston to reflect his Jamaican heritage . He shot to fame in 2007 when his debut song "  Beautiful Girls " became a No. 1 hit in the United States . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Sean Kington 's condition is upgraded to serious , his publicist says The singer walked Monday for the first time since the accident Kingston and a woman were injured in a watercraft crash on May 29 in Miami
Slovyansk , Ukraine  CNN  -- Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Tuesday ruled out holding a second international meeting in a bid to defuse the crisis in Ukraine , also saying it would be "  unusual " to hold a presidential election in the country when the army was being deployed against the population . In what could be a sign of Moscow preparing to question the legitimacy of the May 25 presidential election if it is unhappy with the process , Lavrov said , "  In the situation where they use the army against their own population , it 's quite unusual . " "  This is not Afghanistan ; this is a completely different situation , " he said , adding that constitutional reforms promised by Kiev 's new leaders would not be implemented in time for the vote . Kiev 's security forces have launched their biggest effort yet to dislodge the pro-Russian militants who have overrun the south and east of the country , reportedly seizing buildings in dozens of towns and cities . Both sides clashed at the rebel stronghold of Slovyansk on Monday . Ukraine 's security services said 30 "  heavily armed " militants had been killed in recent days as part of the "  anti-terrorist " operation in the volatile region . The rising tensions could have an impact far beyond Ukraine 's borders , NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen warned on Tuesday . "  Today we are facing the gravest crisis to European security since the end of the Cold War , " he told reporters . "  But this is not just about Ukraine . This crisis has serious implications for the security and stability of the Euro-Atlantic area as a whole . " Asked about a German proposal to hold a second international meeting on Ukraine , Lavrov said the agreements reached during the first round of talks in Geneva , Switzerland , last month still had not been implemented . He also called for pro-Russian sympathizers to be involved in talks . "  We already discussed the framework of the possible actions of stabilizing Ukraine . We already discussed it . There 's no point doing it again , " he said . "  Of course , it is possible , but we will walk in circles , and we will repeat the same things , and we will say again and again that we have to stick to the decisions which were already made -- but it 's up to the Ukrainians to realize that it 's their country , that they have to live in peace between themselves . " Lavrov was speaking after a meeting of the Council of Europe in the Austrian capital of Vienna , where the Ukrainian crisis dominated talks , even though diplomatic efforts have done little to ease the situation . His words came as violence escalated , with Ukraine 's military seeking to regain control of swaths of the country that pro-Russian militia groups have seized . Kiev and many in the West believe that the separatists are backed by Moscow and fear that Russian President Vladimir Putin is fomenting trouble to increase his influence in the region . Earlier , in remarks to reporters in Vienna , British Foreign Secretary William Hague accused Russia of seeking to undermine Ukraine 's presidential elections . "  Russia seems to be intent on a course of preventing and disrupting those elections , " he said . "  That is wrong , and I think there will be a very strong message from the great majority of countries here today that the Ukrainian elections must be allowed to go ahead . " Hague said the doors to a diplomatic solution remain open . But he said that any chance of breathing new life into last month 's international pact on Ukraine agreed to in Geneva would depend on all parties implementing it , including Russia . The U.S. , Russia , Ukraine and the EU struck a deal in Geneva that included the disarming of militants , the departure of activists from occupied public buildings and a Ukrainian national dialogue on constitutional reform . As Russia and Ukraine are among the 47 member states of the Council of Europe , Lavrov and his Ukrainian counterpart , acting Foreign Minister Andriy Deshchytsia , attended the Vienna talks . Hollande warns of chaos , civil war On French TV station BFMTV earlier Tuesday , French President Francois Hollande echoed Hague 's concern that Ukraine 's election should go ahead as planned . "  The main goal we have is that the presidential election should be held in Ukraine on May 25 , " he said . "  Otherwise , there will be chaos and civil war . Vladimir Putin wishes today that this election does not take place . " U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay voiced concern about the escalating violence Tuesday and urged all sides to do more to find a peaceful solution to the crisis . "  Armed opposition groups must stop all illegal actions , including detaining people and seizing public buildings in violation of Ukraine 's laws and constitution , " she said . At the same time , Ukrainian authorities must "  demonstrate full respect for the rule of law and scrupulously protect the human rights of all , including the Russian-speaking population , " she said . Pillay also called for an end to the harassment of journalists . Unrest has simmered in Ukraine since street protests forced out pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych in February . The interim government scheduled presidential elections for this month , but pro-Russian activists in the eastern part of the country refuse to accept Kiev 's authority . Flights suspended in Donetsk With the unrest in eastern Ukraine , flights into Donetsk airport were halted for several hours Tuesday . Armed pro-Russian groups have seized a number of administrative buildings in Donetsk . The separatists in Donetsk plan to hold a referendum Sunday that will ask residents whether they want sovereignty from Ukraine , an echo of events that led to Moscow wresting Crimea from Kiev in March . Ukrainian government forces launched a military campaign last week , which focused on the rebel stronghold of Slovyansk on Monday . Military gains were evident on the main highway into the city as the security forces moved in . A CNN team on the ground saw militants bolster their defensive positions and checkpoints inside the city . One civilian car was hit in the fighting , its exterior damaged by bullet holes . At a local hospital , the CNN team saw several people injured from the heavy clashes . One woman had been shot in the head , probably caught in a crossfire , and two pro-Russian militants were also brought in . Ukraine 's Interior Ministry quoted local residents as saying the attackers had shot at residential buildings and set them on fire . Militants blamed Ukrainian forces for the civilian casualties . In a statement on its website , Ukraine 's security service , the SBU , said 30 militants died and state security forces suffered casualties , but it did not give numbers for the latter nor specify the location . A spokesman for pro-Russian militants in Slovyansk said 10 militants died and 30 were injured Monday . These numbers did not include civilians . Ukrainian authorities describe the separatists as "  terrorists . " But the rebels say they are defending Russian-speaking areas of the east against Ukrainian "  fascists " trying to root out Russian influence . Kiev says the rebellion is backed by Moscow and led in the field by Russian special forces , an accusation the Kremlin denies . In its statement , the SBU added that Russians in Crimea were also heading into east Ukraine . It did not provide further details . Moscow has accused the Kiev government of "  continuing a war against the people of their own country . " Russia and the West squared off diplomatically over the fate of Ukraine when Moscow annexed the Black Sea peninsula of Crimea after a hastily called referendum and Yanukovych 's ouster . He was pushed from office after months of protests by people upset that he had turned away from Europe in favor of Moscow . Odessa investigation Violence has also spread to the southern Black Sea port city of Odessa , where pro-Russian sympathizers smashed their way into a police station Sunday , demanding that detained comrades be released . The unrest came two days after more than 40 people were killed in a street battle and deadly blaze in the city -- and was one more example of how Ukraine 's new Western-backed leaders are struggling to maintain law and order . After the violence , acting President Oleksandr Turchynov dismissed the regional governor of Odessa , Volodymyr Nemyrovsky , and installed Ihor Palytsia in his place , Turchynov 's official website said . At a news conference Tuesday , Deputy Interior Minister Sergiy Chebotar said that anyone wearing a balaclava or mask outside would be detained and questioned as police in Odessa step up security after Friday 's riots . He also said police had detained some "  citizens from one country on the Odessa border " on Tuesday but did not give details . A week in eastern Ukraine Ukraine crisis : Small numbers , global impact CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Slovyansk and Marie-Louise Gumuchian and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Andrew Carey , Claudia Rebaza , Talia Kayali , Anna Maja Rappard , Elaine Ly and Yon Pomrenze , and journalists Lena Kasharkovain , Julia Gorodetskaya and Laura Akhoun , contributed to this report .	NEW : NATO chief : It 's "  the gravest crisis to European security " since the Cold War Ukrainian security services say 30 militants were killed in recent days Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov calls timing of presidential vote unusual Lavrov rules out second international meeting on Ukraine
Butte , Montana  CNN  -- Five years ago , Leo McCarthy lost his 14-year-old daughter , Mariah , when a drunken driver hit her and two of her friends as they walked down a sidewalk near her home . But he refused to let her tragic death become just another statistic . Knowing that the driver was 20 years old -- not even old enough to drink legally -- McCarthy made an unusual promise to the teenagers attending Mariah 's memorial service in Butte , Montana . "  If you stick with me for four years , " he said during her eulogy , "  do n't use alcohol , do n't use illicit drugs but give back to your community , work with your parents and talk to your parents , I 'll be there with a bunch of other people to give you money . " McCarthy has lived up to his end of the bargain . Along with Jimm Kilmer and Chad Okrusch , the fathers of Mariah 's two friends who survived the accident , McCarthy has given $ 1,000 scholarships to more than 140 high-school graduates who have taken Mariah 's Challenge . "  I wanted to give them encouragement and to tell them that ... you can be better and always be greater in the situation , " said McCarthy , whose nonprofit raises the money through private donations . Mariah 's Challenge is simple . Teens can go online and sign a pledge to not drink until they are 21 and not get into a car with someone who has been drinking . Toward the end of their senior year , if they have not been convicted of underage possession of alcohol , they are eligible to submit a scholarship application , which includes a 300-word essay explaining how Mariah 's Challenge has affected their life . Recipients are selected by McCarthy , Kilmer and Okrusch based on the essay and an interview . "  Mariah 's Challenge stands for integrity , character and honesty and living a life of simple self-respect , " said McCarthy , 52 . The message is something that is sorely needed in Butte , he said , one of a few places in the country where people can drink in public . "  Butte has an apathetic attitude in some ways to underage drinking , " McCarthy said . "  And it has a somewhat acceptance of drinking and driving . ... It 's generational . " The city 's drinking culture dates back to its history as a major mining town in the late 1800s , when it attracted boatloads of Europeans seeking better opportunities and a new life . Miners often went as deep as one mile underground to dig iron ore . It was tough work , and many of them often liked to drink at the end of the day . "  This town has such a hard history of living , " McCarthy said . "  It 's a humbling town ... a town of integrity and character . But Butte allows certain things to continue , and drinking underage and drinking and driving is a situation that 's continued . It has to be acknowledged , and it has to be stopped . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes It 's not just Butte , however , that is struggling with the problem . Nationwide , Montana routinely ranks in the top five per capita for drunken-driving fatalities . Those troublesome statistics , along with Mariah 's story and other high-profile deaths , have led legislators to seek more aggressive ways to address the issue . One example is the 24/7 Sobriety Program , which has been implemented in 16 counties , including Butte 's , since last year . It requires anyone arrested for a second drunken-driving charge to submit to two alcohol breath tests daily . "  Montana finally has had enough , " said Steve Bullock , the state 's attorney general . "  Tired of opening the newspaper , reading about somebody getting their sixth or seventh DUI . Tired of community losses . We 're addressing it both through law enforcement , through legislation and through awareness . "  One of the great things about Mariah 's Challenge is changing people 's behavior and the positive awareness of it . " Courtney Cashell , a recent scholarship recipient , says she has noticed the culture starting to change in Butte . "  People are coming up with alternatives , " she said . "  I know of a group of kids that got everyone together and said , ` Just bring soda . We 're going to have pizza and music . Do n't bring any alcohol . ' ... It 's changing gradually , in little steps . " Josh Panasuk , one of 42 students to receive a scholarship this year , said Mariah 's story inspired him to do something with his life other than just drink and party it up . He works two jobs , plays sports and plans to attend Montana State University Billings this fall . "  I kind of looked around and saw a lot of people I knew -- a lot of friends , for that matter -- just going down that path , and I never wanted to , " he said . "  It never appealed to me . " Mariah 's Challenge started in Butte , but it has expanded over the years to other parts of Montana as well as four other states : Washington , Idaho , Iowa and North Carolina . About 8,000 young people have accepted the challenge . But they 're not the only ones . "  I have parents taking Mariah 's Challenge . I have grandmothers taking Mariah 's Challenge , not because they have a drinking problem or anything else like that , but they understand what it 's about , " McCarthy said . "  They have the opportunity and the sage advice of looking back to people and looking at their future and their grandkids and saying , ` Hey , I 'm the first one to acknowledge I 've done some goofy stuff . But you know what , Mariah 's Challenge is a great way for you to enjoy life ... to be something , to be somebody unique . ' " For him , seeing kids make responsible choices means Mariah 's memory will live on . "  Mariah is forever 14 , " McCarthy said . "  I ca n't get her back , but I can help other parents keep their kids safe . "  We save one child , we save a generation , and that makes me encouraged to continue what we 're doing every day . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Mariah 's Challenge website at www.mariahschallenge.com and see how to help .	Leo McCarthy is challenging Montana teens to stay away from alcohol His daughter , Mariah , was killed in 2007 by a drunken driver who was underage More than 140 teens have taken Mariah 's Challenge and gotten scholarships Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
Honolulu  CNN  -- President Barack Obama has now done what every president since Franklin D. Roosevelt has done -- visited the USS Arizona Memorial at Pearl Harbor in Hawaii . Accompanied by his wife , Obama Thursday marked this year 's 70th anniversary of the 1941 Pearl Harbor attacks by laying a wreath inside the memorial and scattering white , yellow and purple flower petals in the water above the wrecked ship . Sporting a dark suit -- attire Obama frequently wears in Washington but something that has not been seen on his current vacation -- the president observed a moment of silence while in the shrine room of the memorial . The president made no remarks while at the memorial , however , he marked the anniversary earlier in the month by releasing a statement that said , "  we salute the veterans and survivors of Pearl Harbor who inspire us still . Despite overwhelming odds , they fought back heroically , inspiring our nation and putting us on the path to victory . " Adm. Robert Willard , Navy commander of the U.S. Pacific Command , along with Donna Willard , the admiral 's wife , also accompanied the first family at the memorial . Dedicated in 1962 , the memorial sits above the sunken USS Arizona and commemorates the over 2,300 lives lost when Japan launched a surprise attack on the Navy base . That attack propelled U.S. military involvement in World War II and triggered the county 's involvement in what came to be known as the Pacific theater . The stop was part of the Obama 's larger Christmas vacation in Hawaii . Born in the Aloha state , the president has made Hawaii a regular vacation destination for his family while in office . This was not the president 's first visit to the memorial ; as president-elect Obama visited the memorial in late 2008 .	This month marks the 70th anniversary of the attack More than 2,300 lives were lost in the surprise attack by Japan Every president since FDR has visited the memorial
CNN  -- A locally-produced slapstick comedy was the runaway box office hit last year in China , but international films swept the top 10 highest-grossing films in the country . Industry insiders say international influence is only set to grow , as Chinese censors loosen restrictions on foreign films and more fans make a habit of seeking out the latest blockbusters . Last year , the country 's box office receipts increased 30 % to over RMB 17 billion  $ 2.7 billion  , making China the world 's second-largest box office On the fifth episode of CNN 's monthly show "  On China , " host Kristie Lu Stout traveled to Hengdian World Studios to discover what strikes a chord with Chinese viewers . There , she asked Dan Mintz , CEO of DMG Entertainment Group , and acclaimed film directors Jin Yimeng  Eva  and Lu Chuan what Chinese filmgoers want to see . On the surface , the script for success is not dissimilar to what works in the United States , they said . U.S. films , including "  Titanic 3D " and "  Mission : Impossible -- Ghost Protocol " comprised seven of the top 10 highest-grossing films in 2012 , according to the State Administration of Radio , Film , and Television . While foreign films accounted for only a quarter of the 303 movies screened in Chinese theatres last year , they took in over half of overall ticket sales  52.4 %  . Chinese moviegoers seek escapism , according to Jin , China 's first female director to exceed RMB 100 million  $ 16 million  at the box office . She struck gold with her 2009 romantic comedy , "  Sophie 's Revenge , " which featured international Chinese star Zhang Ziyi . Previously , Chinese romantic comedies were primarily low-budget efforts that failed to capture audiences , she said . Indeed , the highest-grossing film in China last year  RMB 1 billion or $ 161 million  was "  Lost in Thailand , " a locally-produced lowbrow , slapstick comedy featuring two rival colleagues battling snakes and gangsters to win the favor of their boss . In contrast , Lu 's "  The Last Supper , " a dark historical film dramatizing the transition between the Qing and Han dynasties , felt flat when it was released in late November . "  People struggle for -LSB- the -RSB- whole year , they want some entertainment , " he said . It is not to say that Chinese audiences only welcome comedic fare . While it did not crack the top ten , "  Looper , " a futuristic sci-fi movie by U.S. writer-director Rian Johnson and starring Bruce Willis , was still a big hit both internationally and in China last year . Its scenes in Shanghai aside , Looper 's projections of the future mirrored the ongoing question of China 's trajectory , said Mintz , whose company co-produced the movie . "  There 's never really been a film that has talked about mainland China in the future , and that I think is very , very specific to what Looper was , " Mintz said . "  It 's obviously a powerhouse ... but where is it going to be in the future ? " Easy access to theaters is also driving mainland viewers to the silver screen . China has over 12,000 movie screens and it is adding more at a rate of eight to 10 each day , Mintz said . Cinemas in major cities like Beijing and Shanghai are comparable to those in the U.S. , Lu added . But the guests said the overriding factor in increasing box office sales is a growing predilection for young Chinese to visit the cinema every week . "  I know some young people , they go into movie theatres every week and sometimes if they like -LSB- the movie -RSB- , they watch -LSB- it -RSB- three times , " said Jin . China 's film boom is not without its obstaclesâ $ " particularly in navigating government censors . Lu described the process as opaque and protracted . For his critically-acclaimed film "  City of Life and Death " about the controversial Rape of Nanking , he said censors took nearly a year to approve the script and half a year to approve the film . While censorship restrictions are all-encompassing on the surface , Mintz said the rules are subject to interpretation for each film , describing the system as a Chinese way of saying , "  Let me say what you ca n't do and we 'll work our way backwards . " "  There 's a rule that says you ca n't do this and there 's a rule that says you ca n't do that , " he said , adding , "  If we live by those rules , we would n't be anywhere , we would n't be in this business . " Case in point : Looper managed to bypass the rule against featuring time travel by making other concessions . Restrictions are slowly easing , Mintz said , and "  each new precedent will then lay the ground for the next one . " While Chinese cinemas have a strict annual quota of screening 20 foreign films , the government allowed 14 extra films to be shown last year , as long as they were 3D or IMAX versions . The share of revenue for foreign film companies was also increased to 25 % . Filmmakers point out that opening up the mainland film industry is not only essential for foreign films to do well in China , but also for Chinese films to break into international markets . There is clearly a mutual appetite between the Chinese and American film industries . Chinese Communist Party chief Xi Jinping stopped by Hollywood on a U.S. visit last year . Dreamworks and Chinese media groups are set to open a joint venture animation studio in Shanghai , as part of a new entertainment district billed as rivaling Broadway in New York . "  This is definitely the best time for the Chinese filmmakers because there are so many investors with hot money ... we have so many opportunities , " said Jin .	International films swept top 10 highest-grossing films in China in 2012 Chinese moviegoers often seek escapism in comedic fare Growing predilection for youth to visit cinema every week is key driver of ticket sales Film censorship restrictions in China slowly easing ; international collaboration increasing
CNN  -- An inventor who claims he has never had time to find a human girlfriend has created his own perfect woman -- a robot . Inventor Le Trung 's fembot can slap you if you squeeze her too hard . Le Trung , 33 , from Toronto in Canada , says Aiko can do the cleaning , mix his favorite drink and read him newspaper headlines . "  Like a real female she will react to being touched in certain ways , " he told Britain 's Sun newspaper Thursday . "  If you grab or squeeze too hard she will try to slap you . She has all senses except for smell . " Aiko actually means "  love child " in Japanese but the software engineer denies he has created the robot for sex . Watch more about the futuristic female " "  Aiko is what happens when science meets beauty , " he said . However , he did add that the fembot 's software could be tweaked to "  simulate her having an orgasm . " Creating Aiko has cost Le Trung around $ 21,000 , with much of the money coming from credit cards and the sale of his car . With the support of a sponsor , Trung hopes to spend the next few years perfecting Aiko 's software and increasing her range of skills -- including the ability to walk -- but not just for his own amusement . "  I suffered a heart attack and I thought that one day I might need 24-hour care , " he told Britain 's Telegraph newspaper .	Aiko can do the cleaning , react to touch and speak Aiko means "  love child " in Japanese Canadian inventor has spent $ 21,000 creating the fembot
London  CNN  -- From his London hospital room , journalist Paul Conroy recalled Sunday his harrowing journey to hell and back from Syria -- speaking out against what he called its "  murderous regime " in tribute to those , including his colleague Marie Colvin , killed in the chaos . Few foreign journalists have been in the Middle Eastern nation in recent months , as Syria 's government has stringently restricted access amid widespread violence that the United Nations estimates has left more than 7,500 people dead . President Bashar al-Assad 's government blames "  armed terrorist groups " for the bloodshed . Yet senior U.N. official Lynn Pascoe told the Security Council last week that often over "  100 civilians a day , including women and children " are being killed -- most of them the victims of what activists and witnesses have described as brutal attacks by Syrian government forces . Conroy spoke to CNN at length , days after surviving a bloody attack and surreptitiously escaping from the ravaged city of Homs to Lebanon and eventually back to his native Britain . After spending several days in Syria , both reporting and lying wounded in an embattled medical center , he had no doubts about who was responsible . "  It 's really hard when you 've got people presenting you with bits of people saying , ` Why are n't you helping ? ' What can I tell them ? " Conroy said . "  It 's not like we do n't know what 's happening anymore . We do know . " His colleague at Britain 's Sunday Times ' newspaper , Colvin , had been with him earlier in February when they sneaked into Homs , which has been a hub of the resistance movement and government crackdown . Conroy called the experience -- without government minders , into what had been a largely imagined situation until then -- "  an eye-opener  given  the level of butchery going on . " After what they 'd seen already , Colvin could n't stand to just head home , he said . "  Marie was on fire , " Conroy said . "  She could n't let this go . Two days was n't enough . " So they returned to Homs to find "  the situation was going downhill , almost by the hour . " They talked with CNN and the BBC , intent on doing whatever possible to get the news out . Around 8:15 a.m. the next morning , February 22 , the building they were in took a direct hit , filling the air with dust and smoke . Several more blows followed . Conroy remembered feeling "  massive pressure " and knowing he 'd been hit . He later was found to be severely wounded in his stomach and leg . "  So I ran through where the door had been and , on the way out , more or less tripped over Marie 's body and fell down next to her , " he said . "  Her head was covered in rubble , her legs were covered in rubble , and she was obviously dead . " Activists soon risked their lives and dragged Conroy outside , threw him in a car and took him to the field hospital -- "  ironically , what we 'd been trying to get to for two days . " A room , fitted with mattresses , became home to Conroy and another wounded journalist , Edith Bouvier of France , for the next five days . He learned that , in addition to Colvin , another journalist , Remi Ochlik , also was killed , while colleague William Daniels had survived the attack . Yet there was little peace . Conroy said . Every day , there was "  the most savage and ferocious bombardment " imaginable -- reporting even what he called an "  Iranian drone flying around , looking for targets . " Then late one afternoon , ambulances descended on the hospital . The initial word was first that there was a cease-fire and that Red Cross representatives would be on hand soon to take him , Bouvier and others home . But Conroy said Red Cross workers did n't show up , just civilian Red Crescent members "  with no diplomatic presence . " A delegation member who was trusted by the Free Syrian Army -- the armed opposition group , made up largely of Syrian military defectors , who had looked after the journalists -- said that he heard Syrian state television planned to film the two being put on ambulances , then government forces would stage an attack that they 'd later blame on the Free Syrian Army . Conroy said he was confused , but determined to get out . "  When you see bodies of kids with sniper rounds through the head , what 's a journalist who had two of their roommates killed  to think  ? " he said . "  I 'd rather die on the ground than wait for some lunatic to come in and start  shooting  . " A short time later , after borrowing shoes and pants , Conroy said he got an injection from doctors -- "  I just said put anything in , because I knew it was going to be a very painful experience " -- and got into a Free Syrian Army vehicle . He emerged on a street , then found "  most of the buildings " that had been there a few days before were "  gone . " Conroy said a rope was tied around him , and he was lowered about five meters  16 feet  into a tunnel . There , he and a seriously wounded boy , roughly 10 years old , joined a driver on a small motorbike . "  We just drove off , into this night , in this tunnel , " he said , adding that he learned Syrian forces shot up the same tunnel some 20 minutes later . Yet he got out safely on the other end , being put on a stretcher and then placed in a "  van full of dead and sick guys . " The rest of his voyage consisted of "  a series of motorbike rides  and  car journeys , " at times past sporadic attacks and through battlefields . Finally , Conroy said he was dropped off at a house , where three men were sitting watching television , with their machine guns nearby . "  And I thought , well , I better ask : Are we in Syria or Lebanon ? They went , ` Lebanon , ' " he said . "  I just kind of sat down and had a toke of a ... cigarette ... "  That 's the first time that I felt I could actually allow myself to celebrate . I made it out . But I could n't be delighted because nobody else was there with me . I was on my own . " Soon he was in the home of Tom Fletcher , Britain 's ambassador to Lebanon , and eventually back in his native England . Last Friday , both Bouvier and Daniels returned to France -- with the opposition group Avaaz claiming it helped them escape . Now , dressed in a hospital gown , Conroy is on another mission : to get the word out about what 's really going on . That is the best way , he figures , to reflect the spirit and mission of Colvin and other journalists killed in Syria . And he would return , he says , if only to challenge the Syrian government to an open debate about what they have done and what they 'll do next . Conroy said he 's convinced "  this regime will continue to exterminate civilians . They will massacre them . They will not stop . " "  If you are big enough to throw your army in to kill the women and children , then be big enough to have a conversation about it , " he said . "  If you 've got nothing to hide , come and do it . "  I 'd go back , absolutely . "	Paul Conroy was hurt while surreptitously reporting from Homs , Syria His Sunday Times ' colleague , Marie Colvin , was killed in the same attack He fled Syria on motorbikes , vans and cars through tunnels and battlefields "  This regime will continue to exterminate civilians , " he says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Six life insurance companies have qualified to receive billions of dollars in bailout money under the government 's Troubled Asset Relief Program , according to the U.S. Treasury Department . Allstate is one of six life insurance companies who are qualified to receive TARP money . Treasury Department spokesman Andrew Williams said Allstate , Ameriprise Financial , Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. , Lincoln National Corp. , Principal Financial and Prudential Financial Inc. have qualified for TARP money . "  These life insurers met the requirements for the Capital Purchase Program because of their bank holding company status and each applied for CPP capital investments by the deadline of November 14 , 2008 , " Williams said . Williams also said other financial institutions in the Capital Purchase Program "  will be reviewed and funded as appropriate on a rolling basis . " In April , about $ 135 billion remained from the original $ 700 billion allocated for the bailout last October . No current figures were immediately available . No funding amounts were announced by the Treasury Department , but Hartford said it had been preliminarily approved for $ 3.4 billion . "  We are pleased that we received preliminary approval to participate in  the  Treasury 's Capital Purchase Program , " said Ramani Ayer , chairman and chief executive officer of Hartford . "  These funds would further fortify our capital resources and provide us with additional financial flexibility during one of the most volatile market climates in our nation 's history . " Investors have been increasingly worried about the health of life insurers , which have been hit hard by worries about capital requirements and growing losses . A number of insurers that are also bank holding companies or thrifts have been eligible for funds from TARP since last fall . Last year , the Office of Thrift Supervision approved applications from Hartford and Lincoln to become bank holding companies , because of their planned bank purchases . Philadelphia , Pennsylvania-based Lincoln is buying Newton County Loan & Savings FSB in Goodland , Indiana . Hartford , based in Hartford , Connecticut , is buying Federal Trust Bank in Sanford , Florida .	Six life insurance companies to receive TARP money , U.S. Treasury says As of April , about $ 135 billion remained from original $ 700 billion allocated for bailout Industry has suffered amid concerns with capital requirements , growing losses
CNN  -- In death as in life , Michael Jackson continues to light up the Internet . Millions worldwide watched online coverage of Michael Jackson 's funeral service in Los Angeles . Millions of people around the world watched coverage of Jackson 's memorial service on the Web , although the event appeared to fall well short of online viewership records . Global Web traffic was at least 19 percent above normal , and as high as 33 percent above normal , during most of the star-studded memorial at the Staples Center in downtown Los Angeles , California , according to Akamai Technologies , a Massachusetts-based firm that monitors Internet traffic . CNN.com reported 9.7 million live video streams Tuesday between 12 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET -- which included the entire memorial service -- according to CNN spokeswoman Jennifer Martin . The news site 's all-time viewership record for a full day , almost 27 million video streams , was set on President Obama 's inauguration day in January . During that period Tuesday , CNN.com also attracted 81 million page views , 11.8 unique visitors and a peak of 781,000 concurrent live video streams , according to internal data . Jackson 's startling June 25 death nearly brought the Web to a standstill , with several sites buckling under the sheer weight of traffic . The Internet appeared to fare better during Tuesday 's memorial service , however . "  So far we are seeing some slowdowns ... -LSB- but -RSB- overall the Internet is performing OK , " said Dan Berkowitz , spokesman for Keynote Systems , a mobile and Internet monitoring firm based in San Mateo , California , midway through the Staples Center event . Keynote monitors the 40 most popular news Web sites from major cities around the United States . CNN.com partnered with Facebook , the social-networking site , to let friends and family share commentary while watching Jackson 's memorial service live online . As of 1:30 p.m. ET , shortly before the memorial service began , the partnership was yielding about 6,000 status updates per minute , said a Facebook spokeswoman . CNN.com and Facebook entered into a similar collaboration during Obama 's inauguration , although Facebook saw twice as many status updates during that event . With many North Americans at work during Jackson 's memorial service , online traffic had been expected to reach near-record levels . "  This event will almost certainly shatter records for the biggest single live stream ever , and could be one of the biggest worldwide media events in history , " wrote blogger Ben Parr on Mashable , the social media news site . Other Web sites , including CBSNews.com , ABCNews.com , FoxNews.com and Hulu.com , also hosted live streaming coverage of the service . The 10 most popular topics on Twitter Tuesday afternoon were all connected to Jackson 's memorial . Google Trends rated the Jackson memorial 's online popularity as "  volcanic , " while on Web-traffic monitoring site Alexa , most of its hottest stories Tuesday were Jackson-related . But early numbers suggested that Internet traffic Tuesday may have lagged behind other recent news events . Akamai recorded a peak of 3.9 million global Internet visitors per minute shortly after noon ET -- less than half the number of users who went online the evening of November 4 , 2008 , to follow presidential election returns . "  It may be impossible to say for sure how many people watched once all is said and done , because there 's still no comprehensive way to measure Web viewing , " said Toni Fitzgerald , managing editor of Media Life , in an e-mail interview with CNN . Long before the memorial service began about 1:40 p.m. ET , many Web sites braced themselves for an onslaught of traffic . During the sign-up period for the memorial ticket lottery , the Staples Center Web site took down all non-essential materials to ensure that it coped . Jackson family spokesman Ken Sunshine said the computer servers hosting the registration site counted 500 million "  hits " -- 120,000 a second -- in the first 90 minutes on Friday . About 17,500 fans were randomly selected to watch the memorial live at the Staples Center -- only a small fraction of the 1.6 million fans who applied for tickets . Watch panelists discuss Jackson 's legacy " CNN 's Stephanie Busari and Linnie Rawlinson contributed to this story .	NEW : Web viewership of Michael Jackson 's memorial fell short of online records NEW : Global Web traffic was at least 19 percent above normal during service NEW : Views of live video on CNN.com trailed President Obama 's inauguration Web sites braced themselves Tuesday for heavy traffic
CNN  -- Residents living in single-family homes in some parts of coastal Texas face "  certain death " if they do not heed orders to evacuate ahead of Hurricane Ike 's arrival , the National Weather Service said Thursday night . Texans sit in bumper-to-bumper traffic Thursday on a highway from Galveston County into Houston . The unusually strong wording came in a weather advisory regarding storm surge along the shoreline of Galveston Bay , which could see maximum water levels of 15 to 22 feet , the agency said . "  All neighborhoods ... and possibly entire coastal communities ... will be inundated during the period of peak storm tide , " the advisory said . "  Persons not heeding evacuation orders in single-family one - or two-story homes will face certain death . " The maximum water level forecasts in nearby areas , including the shoreline of Matagorda Bay and the Gulf-facing coastline from Sargent to High Island , ranged from 5 to 8 feet . But authorities warned that tide levels could begin rising Friday morning along the upper Texas coast and along the shorelines of the bays . The advisory summoned memories of the language used to describe 2005 's Hurricane Katrina , which devastated parts of the U.S. Gulf Coast . "  Most of the area will be uninhabitable for weeks ... if not longer , " an advisory issued at the time said . "  The vast majority of native trees will be snapped or uprooted . Only the heartiest will remain standing . " The Ike advisory follows comes on the heels of similarly urgent messages earlier Thursday from federal authorities , who warned of a "  massive storm " that could affect roughly 40 percent of the U.S. Gulf Coast . "  Do not take this storm lightly , " Michael Chertoff , secretary of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security , said Thursday afternoon . "  This is not a storm to gamble with . It is large ; it is powerful ; it carries a lot of water . " Chertoff and representatives from the Federal Emergency Management Agency said their efforts were focused on evacuations as Ike moved northwest at 12 mph across the central Gulf of Mexico with maximum sustained winds of 100 mph . Track the storm " Chertoff also urged people not to succumb to "  hurricane fatigue , " referring to concerns that authorities were overestimating Ike 's potential impact . "  Unless you 're fatigued with living , I suggest you want to take seriously a storm of this size and scale , " he said Thursday . Houston Mayor Bill White said he 's heard that people who live in areas under a mandatory evacuation order say they plan to stay in their homes . He strongly urged against it . "  If you think you want to ride something out , and people are talking about a 20-foot wall of water coming at you , then you better think again , " White said . At 5 p.m. Thursday , the National Hurricane Center said a hurricane warning was in effect between Morgan City , Louisiana , and Baffin Bay , Texas . A warning means hurricane conditions are likely within 24 hours . Ike 's forecast track was through Galveston and the Houston metro area as a Category 2 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 110 mph . Currently a Category 2 storm about 700 miles across , Ike could make landfall near Galveston Island as early as Saturday morning . Watch CNN meteorologists track Hurricane Ike " At 11 p.m. ET , the National Hurricane Center said hurricane-force winds extended outward up to 115 miles from Ike 's center , and tropical storm-force winds extend outward up to 275 miles . The storm was centered 445 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi , Texas , and about 340 miles east-southeast of Galveston , and was moving west-northwest at near 10 mph . Watch : National Hurricane center predicts Ike 's path " Roughly 3.5 million people live in the hurricane 's potential impact zone , FEMA Administrator David Paulison said Thursday . In Galveston , Mayor Lyda Ann Thomas told the island 's 60,000 people that they should leave . By 7:30 ET , the city had finished evacuating to Austin thousands of residents who needed assistance leaving because of age , disability or lack of reliable transportation . Mandatory evacuations remained in effect for low-lying coastal areas northeast and southwest of Galveston , in Chambers , Matagorda and Brazoria counties . Some Brazoria County residents said they did n't want to leave but realized it was in their best interest to do so . "  You do n't have a choice when you have kids , " Deborah Davis of Freeport told CNN affiliate KPRC-TV in Houston . Farther inland , about 100,000 residents in low-lying areas surrounding Houston began evacuating Thursday afternoon as Ike headed for the Texas coast , officials said . Watch Gov. Rick Perry warn residents of Ike 's potential " But the remaining 4 million residents were told they could stay home , even as government offices and schools prepared to close Friday in Houston in anticipation of the hurricane . "  We are only evacuating areas subject to a storm surge , " said Harris County Judge Ed Emmett , the county 's chief executive officer . "  Yes , we know you will lose electricity . But you 're not in danger of losing your life , so stay put . " Ships in port were told to leave , said Port of Houston spokeswoman Linda Whitlock . The area 's two major airports , George Bush Intercontinental and William P. Hobby , also halted all commercial flights . More than 1,300 inmates from the Texas Correctional Institutions Division 's Stevenson Unit in Cuero were being evacuated to facilities in Beeville and Kenedy , Perry 's office said , and 597 were transferred from the substance abuse Glossbrenner Unit in San Diego , in south Texas , to Dilley . CNN 's Mike Mount contributed to this report .	Life-threatening floods expected in parts of coastal Texas , agency says Hurricane Ike could make landfall near Galveston Island as early as Saturday About 100,000 evacuated from Houston ; 4 million more told to stay All of Galveston Island ordered to evacuate ; special needs evacuations completed
CNN  Dana King 's career used to take her to far-flung places like Rwanda , Kosovo and Afghanistan , where she would report on the latest news as part of her job as a TV journalist . These days however , the Emmy-Award winning reporter spends her time painting watercolors and crafting sculptures in her studio in the Bay Area of San Francisco . After a fruitful career in journalism spanning decades , which saw the 54-year-old anchor CBS Morning News and ABC 's "  Good Morning America Sunday " King decided to go back to her original love -- art . "  I 've always been an artist , it 's always been a part of me , even as a journalist . It 's the way I see things visually , it 's the way I interpret information , " she says . King 's art explores the human form , with her colorful clay sculptures examining the intricate musculature of both male and female shapes . She also produces charcoal drawings and oil paintings , and has created a public sculpture which for a time graced the corner of San Francisco 's Union Square . King sees parallels between her former career and her art : "  I still tell stories . But I tell stories with sculptures and I tell stories with paintings . "  The difference is that a painting or a sculpture will last as long as the material lasts . A television story -- it 's a minute , a minute and a half , two and a half if you 're really lucky , and if you did n't see it when it aired , it 's gone , " she says . Her early work was heavily influenced by the strife and suffering she saw traveling the world as a journalist , and served as an emotional outlet for her to overcome the negative news that surrounded her in her professional life . "  You have to find a way to tell those stories and survive them emotionally , " she says , "  but I do n't have those stories in front of me anymore . Now I can do whatever , I do n't need to do the dark and often ugly as a way of staying okay , " she says . After a lifetime spent in the deadline-driven , fast-paced world of journalism , King says she relishes the time and space afforded to her by her art : "  I like that feeling of not feeling rushed , of not feeling like I have to be in control of the process at all ... and I 'm just really along for the ride . I do n't feel any time constraints . I do n't feel anything pushing me to go from point A to B to C. "	Dana King is an award-winning journalist and former CBS Morning News anchor In 2012 she changed her career and became an artist She sees her art as a continuation of her storytelling
Dublin , Ireland  CNN  -- The sky is overcast , the wind is howling , and - like every day in Ireland - lashing rain could come at any moment . Yet Sam Hopkins is walking on a sunbeam . This summer , Hopkins will be working in London for a firm managing the 2012 Olympic summer games . The position is a major coup for the Dublin Business School student , largely because the prospects in Ireland are dim . "  It 's quite limited , " Hopkins explains . "  We 're such a small country , we do have certain events , but they are on such a small scale compared to other countries . " Finding a job in Ireland , Hopkins says , can be a difficult task - especially for young adults . The Irish economy is in the toilet . Double digit unemployment , high government debt and a glut of unoccupied housing have silenced the roar of the Celtic Tiger , and left many of its cubs struggling to find employment . "  I 've had a few interviews and things but it 's really , really tough , " says Dublin City University Masters Student Owlen Sheedy . "  There are an awful lot of masters students going for the jobs in Ireland at the moment , and it 's very difficult for us with just degrees to get a job . " For those without degrees , the job search is even harder . According to the Irish government , a third of young men under 25 are unemployed , in large part because of the failing housing market . Many young carpenters , bricklayers , plumbers and electricians have left the island country for Canada or Australia , two countries where building is still a strong sector in the economy . Contractors in those countries have been quick to exploit the influx of young , semi-skilled workers . But Hopkins says the mass emigration of construction workers has made it difficult for young white collar Irish workers to find employment outside of Ireland . "  I definitely feel like we 're being -LSB- painted -RSB- with the one brush , " says Hopkins . "  They think of us as being skilled in electric , or like plumbers and brick layers , but there 's a lot more to the Irish culture and the Irish people . " With each generation , emigration Emigration is a rite of passage for many young Irish adults looking to explore new cultures and gain a global outlook . Take David McWilliams - long before he became an economist , he left Ireland to attend college in Brussels . But now many of those leaving the country have already been educated and are looking for employment , McWilliams says . "  You have one person emigrating every seven minutes out of Ireland , adding up to about 66,000 every year , " McWilliams says . "  It 's substantial , it 's a very educated portion of the population , and a very young part of the population . " Many Irish economists , including McWilliams , are concerned a prolonged ` brain-drain ' could further slow the country 's financial growth . "  These kids -LSB- that are leaving -RSB- are clever and hard working , " McWilliams explains . "  Immigration is quite self selecting . Those that go tend to be the ones with more get up and go , so you lose an enormous demographic catalyst to growth and to prosperity . " Previous Irish emigrants say they also notice a stark difference in the mood of the country during this period of exodus . Andy Donnellan lives in Galway , on Ireland 's west coast . Donnellan says after he came back to Ireland from the United States in the 1990s , there was a sense of optimism as the country began to excel economically . Now , Donnellan says , many young emigrants have little idea when they 'll return . "  Everybody is touched by it , " Donnellan says . "  I have nephews that have left , I have friends that have left . And I always think it 's a good thing for any young person to go away and learn another culture and another language . But the unfortunate thing is the vast majority are leaving because there is absolutely nothing here . " That sense of hopelessness seems to permeate throughout Ireland , as frustrated family members and job seekers vent to radio call-in programs and newspapers . As one woman recently wrote in the Irish Times , emigration used to feel like a life style choice . Now , "  it feels like a life sentence . " Is ` laziness ' fueling emigration ? For some young Irish adults , the mass emigration is more of a fad than necessity . As more young Irish leave , these critics say , the ones that stay behind feel like they are left out of a mass cultural experience . "  At the moment , all I 've heard is positive feedback because they 're in a different country and they 're young and they 're living the life , " says Ireland Student Union Vice President Karl Miller . "  It 's just kind of a thing where half the people I went to school with are over there now and they just are going around delivering pizzas and just doing part time jobs that have no relevance to their future , " Miller says . "  I think there 's a certain laziness as well , " adds Miller , who believes some people are using the poor economy as an excuse to party abroad . There are no wide demographic studies showing why young Irish adults are leaving . Meanwhile , a small number of entrepreneurs have returned to Ireland after starting successful companies in Ireland , New Zealand and Canada . Overwhelmingly on blogs and other online postings , young Irish adults express anxiety about their country 's economy , and seem ready to embrace better financial opportunities abroad . Yet others , like recent college graduate Sinead Donlon , seem to view emigration as a chance to add some excitement to life . Donlon plans on moving to England to live with her cousin . Trained as a personal care assistant , Donlon says she 's looking for bar work in London as a way to meet new people . "  I did special needs assistance and I 'm qualified in that , but there 's no jobs for that at the moment -LSB- in Ireland -RSB- , " Donlon says . Asked if she thinks whether there might be jobs in her field in London , Donlon pauses for a moment before laughing . "  Yeah , I did n't really think about that ! " Donlon says .	One third of Irish men under 25 are unemployed Many of the young emigrants are extremely skilled Some young people blame emigration on laziness
CNN  Saturday 's deadly earthquake in Nepal was the "  big one " experts were waiting for based on the region 's history . Earthquakes are a fact of life in the South Asian country , with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year , geologist and science journalist Kate Ravilious said . With the last major earthquake in 1934 , the concern was not if , but when the next "  great " earthquake would hit , said Ravilious , author of the 2014 article , "  Kathmandu 's earthquake nightmare . " In a landlocked country like Nepal , where infrastructure is fragile to begin with , the consequences of such an earthquake had the potential to be "  much more serious , " Ravilious told CNN . Those fears were realized when a magnitude-7 .8 earthquake centered less than 50 miles from the national capital of Kathmandu rocked Nepal , toppling homes , historic buildings and leaving more 1,400 dead , authorities said . "  This event , while large and tragic , is not unusual for that region of the world as the whole mountain range stretching from Tibet almost to Caspian Sea is an area of major collision between continental plates , " said geological engineer Nicholas Sitar with the University of California , Berkeley 's Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering . What 's different this time from 1934 is the size and density of Kathmandu , which suffered the brunt of damage in both earthquakes . "  The population has exploded in several decades , " U.S. Geological Survey spokesman Gavin Hayes told CNN . "  When you get a vast population in the kind of building infrastructure that is n't equipped to handle shaking of an earthquake this size , that 's when you see the scale of disaster we 're seeing now . " The big unknown is what happens next , now that the initial rumbles of the quake have passed , Ravilious said . How will emergency response teams enter the landlocked country , whose single international airport is closed ? How will transports carrying aid move through the country if roads are destroyed ? If and when landslides start , how will mountainside villages in the Himalayan range fare ? And , will it all be resolved before monsoon season starts ? "  The worry now is to get Nepal up and running again on feet , " Ravilious said . "  The monsoons in a couple of months could make things worse if we do n't sort things out before then . " An earthquake is the ground shaking caused by a sudden slip on a fault , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . Stresses in the earth 's outer layer push the sides of the fault together , releasing energy in waves that travel through the earth 's crust and cause the shaking felt during an earthquake . Nepal is located on a major plate boundary between India and Eurasia , where collisions have been in progress for about 50 million years . Those collisions are responsible for the construction of the Himalayas , which has the tallest and some of the fastest growing mountains in the world , said Chris Goldfinger , director of Oregon State University 's Active Tectonics and Seafloor Mapping Laboratory . India is moving northward into Eurasia at a rate of about 45 millimeters a year , with earthquakes of a magnitude from 8 to 9 occurring on average in the Himalaya every 500 to 1,000 years , said Marin K. Clark , associate professor of Geological Sciences with the University of Michigan 's Department of Earth and Environmental Sciences . The last major earthquake to affect this part of the Himalayas was in the 1500s , and Kathmandu was badly damaged in an earthquake that occurred farther east of Saturday 's quake in 1934 . A major concern for this earthquake is damage from landslides generated by the strong shaking , Clark said . The entire area that experienced shaking was in steep , mountainous topography where landsliding is a significant hazard . Clark compared the circumstances to the 2008 earthquake in Sichuan Province , China . The magnitude-7 .9 earthquake generated more 200,000 landslides , many of which blocked roads , slowing response and recovery efforts . The landslides also blocked river valleys , which created significant flood hazard . "  We might anticipate a similar situation for Nepal . "	Earthquake scientists have been expecting major event in Nepal since 1934 Population density , weak building infrastructure amplified damage , USGS spokesman says "  This event , while large and tragic , is not unusual " in region , geological engineer says
CNN  -- The family of a Peruvian woman slain in Lima last month said it hopes the eventual trial of Joran Van der Sloot can ease its pain and that of another family thousands of miles away . Van der Sloot , who is being held in Peru in connection with the slaying of 21-year-old Stephany Flores , is also the lead suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Alabama teen Natalee Holloway in Aruba . "  I think the pain they are feeling , it 's very hard , " Stephany 's brother Enrique Flores told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " from Lima . "  We saw the body of our sister . They do n't have the body of their daughter . " Van der Sloot , a 22-year-old Dutch citizen , was arrested twice in Aruba in connection with Holloway 's disappearance but released for lack of evidence . Her body has never been found . Van der Sloot has stated to Peruvian police that he wants to talk to Aruban officials about the Holloway case , Aruban Attorney General Robert F. Pietersz said Wednesday . "  I am not worried . I trust the justice in Peru . So , we are just waiting for the judgment , " said Stephany 's sister-in-law Carolina Jorge . "  We are praying that this case  will bring closure  ... for us and ... for Natalee 's family , too . " Dave Holloway , Natalee 's father , met with Aruban authorities on the Caribbean island Tuesday and told CNN he believes progress is being made in the investigation . He declined to elaborate further . Aruba also will have to wait to see what information may be contained in a laptop computer Peruvian authorities confiscated when they arrested van der Sloot , Aruban prosecutor Peter Blanken said . The FBI will obtain that information from Peru and then share it with Aruban investigators , Blanken said . Authorities in Aruba say they do not know whether the computer contains any information that may help in the Holloway case . Van der Sloot has told authorities he attacked Flores on May 30 after she read an e-mail on his computer connected with the Holloway case . He said he was in Peru for a poker tournament and met Flores while gambling . Police have said they think Van der Sloot killed Flores to steal money she won . No trial start date has been set in the case , but a hearing is scheduled for next week , when Van der Sloot will give his first statements before a judge . Her brother told King that he 's already heard enough . "  He keeps telling so many lies and each time he is changing his version , " Flores said . "  He just killed her . ... He took money from her . He took ... her car . ... I mean , he sounds like a serial killer . "	Joran Van der Sloot is in jail awaiting trial for the slaying of Stephany Flores Dutch citizen , 22 , is also lead suspect in Natalee Holloway 's disappearance Van der Sloot 's hearing set for next Monday
CNN  -- North Korea 's women 's team walked off the pitch prior to their Olympic football clash with Colombia after the flag of archrival South Korea was mistakenly shown on Hampden Park 's big screen . The team left the pitch in Glasgow shortly before the scheduled kick off at 7.45 pm local time after a South Korean flag appeared next to profiles of their players . They eventually returned to start the match over an hour later , as London Games organizers were forced to issue a hasty apology . "  Today ahead of the women 's football match at Hampden Park , the South Korean flag was shown on a big screen video package instead of the North Korean flag , " a statement released to CNN read . Is the Olympics worth more than Google ? "  Clearly this is a mistake , we will apologize to the team and the national Olympic committee and steps will be taken to ensure this does not happen again . " The delayed kick off did n't seem to affect North Korea when the game eventually got underway as they recorded a 2-0 win . It marked a controversial start to Olympic competition for London before Friday 's opening ceremony officially kicks off the 2012 Games . Earlier , Team GB 's women 's team gave the host nation a rousing start to the festivities with a 1-0 victory over New Zealand . In front of a crowd of around 25,000 fans at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff -- the biggest attendance for a women 's international match in Britain -- Stephanie Houghton scored the only goal of the game . It was the first time a female football team from Great Britain has ever competed in the Olympics , coming 62 years after a men 's team from the UK last played . In Wednesday 's other matches , defending champions Team USA got off to a winning start after beating France 4-2 at a sparsely populated Hampden Park in Glasgow . Current FIFA Women 's World Cup holders Japan won their opening match by beating Canada 2-1 at the Ricoh Arena , Brazil thumped Cameroon 5-0 and Sweden beat South Africa 4-1 . Bright sunshine in the Welsh capital greeted the first spectators to witness an Olympic event under the London 2012 banner , as Team GB kicked off what was billed as "  day-2 " of the Games . Despite large sections of the vast Millennium Stadium being empty the match attracted 25,000 fans , many more than the 14,505 that saw Wales play Russia in a World Cup qualifier back in 2010 . After a bright start from New Zealand , Team GB took control of the game , but after spurning numerous chances they had to wait for Houghton to break the deadlock on 64 minutes with a well struck free kick . And they were thankful to goalkeeper Karen Bardsley to deny Sarah Gregorius after a mix-up in Team GB 's defense offered the Football Fearns a glorious late chance to equalize . The Olympics : 4 billion people ; 4 billion reasons to watch After the game Houghton , who plays for Arsenal Ladies , told the host broadcaster : "  It was something special , and I 'm sure my family are really proud . I do n't think it will sink in for a while . I 'm just glad it got us the win . "  The win was brilliant . We needed three points and we got them . We worked very hard as a team under hard conditions . " In Scotland , Team USA made a sluggish start to the defense of the gold they won in Beijing , falling 2-0 down to France after just 13 minutes . But goals from Abby Wambach , Carli Lloyd and a double from Alex Morgan ensured three points for Team USA . Elsewhere , Japan -- the current FIFA Women 's World Cup holders -- beat Canada 2-1 , thanks to goals from Nahomi Kawasumi and Aya Miyama at the Ricoh Arena in Coventry . Thursday sees the start of the men 's football competition , with Team GB taking on Senegal at Manchester United 's Old Trafford home . The other fixtures are as follows : Honduras vs. Morocco , Spain vs. Japan , Mexico vs. South Korea , Gabon vs. Switzerland , United Arab Emirates vs. Uruguay , Egypt vs. Brazil and Belarus vs. New Zealand .	North Korean women 's team walk off pitch prior to their Olympic clash with Colombia Flag of neighbors South Korea apparently displayed on big screen before match Match begins an hour after scheduled time after Olympics organizers issue apology Team GB , Team USA and Japan kick off their London 2012 campaigns with victories
CNN  -- Although somewhat unexpected , the election of Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio to succeed Benedict XVI has the air of a safe , compromise decision . At age 76 , he does not have the physical vibrancy and personal dynamism that a younger man might have brought to Rome . Vatican watchers did not consider Bergoglio a front-runner and his name was not considered in speculation , even as the previously unimaginable selection of an American was widely discussed in the Italian media . Pope Francis , as Cardinal Bergoglio , was known as a doctrinal conservative . His emphasis on solidarity with the poor is in line with a turning away in some respects from structural criticism , favored by some in the church . His selection represents an obvious reorientation of the church to the global south , but it does not signify the possibility of doctrinal change related to contraception , abortion or same-sex marriage -- and within the church itself on matters of priestly celibacy or women 's ordination . These issues have increasingly set the church in conflict with a rapidly secularizing West . Opinion : Argentina a complex crucible for Pope Pope Francis hails from the church 's growth regions in the developing world , and he can be expected to be attuned to the concerns of developing nations and their problems of inequity and human deprivation . Pope Francis is of Italian stock and was raised in a thoroughly Europeanized culture . That should put some of the cardinals , fearful of an overly thorough reform , at ease , despite the widespread feeling that "  something " dramatic had to be done to reform the management of the Vatican and reduce the opacity of its financial infrastructure and sputtering bureaucracy . During his papacy , Pope Benedict urged the establishment of a global governing institution that could mitigate the worst excesses of economic and political globalization . The choice of the name "  Francis , " after St. Francis of Assisi , suggests this pope will make it a priority to attend to the crying need of the global poor , those left behind by the free market 's genius for wealth creation and its unfortunate tendency to deposit that wealth in a diminishing number of hands . No fan of Latin America 's experiments with liberation theology , he has nonetheless proven to be a staunch defender of Latin American poor against the powerful economic and political forces that have assailed them . He 'll likely offer a more pastoral face to the papacy even as , based on his past criticism of the global economic order , he is likely to continue Pope Benedict 's skepticism of unrestrained free market policies . "  We live in the most unequal part of the world , which has grown the most , yet reduced misery the least , " Bergoglio said during a gathering of Latin American bishops in 2007 . "  The unjust distribution of goods persists , creating a situation of social sin that cries out to heaven and limits the possibilities of a fuller life for so many of our brothers . " Opinion : Pope Francis - A conservative who sides with the poor Despite his reputation as an austere intellectual , as cardinal , Pope Francis showed a deft personal touch , visiting with the Argentine church 's most vulnerable people , the poor and people suffering from AIDS . He has called for more pastoral care of divorced Catholics , and he memorably castigated Argentine priests who refused baptism to the child of an unwed mother as "  today 's hypocrites . " "  Those who clericalize the church , " he said , "  Those who separate the people of God from salvation . And this poor girl , who , rather than returning the child to sender , had the courage to carry it into the world , must wander from parish to parish so that it 's baptized ! " Many will be watching to see how Pope Francis addresses the problem of clerical sexual abuse , scandals which have troubled the church all over the world and have yet to be adequately confronted in Latin America and other parts of the developing world . His past is more complicated than the pastoral face he has so far offered the world and Pope Francis may soon be asked to answer for positions and decisions during Argentina 's "  dirty war . " Those positions have already created divisions among members of his order in South America . He has been accused of not speaking out sufficiently against the murders and "  disappearances " during that awful period when as many as 30,000 perished . He has denied the allegations and defenders say he negotiated behind the scenes to help victims . Respected Brazilian theologian Leonardo Boff said Thursday he did not believe that Pope Francis , acting in his capacity then as Jesuit provincial , could be implicated in connection to the acts of the Argentine junta , and that he in fact assisted some of the junta 's intended victims . Whatever the truth behind the allegations , the stories themselves are damaging and Pope Francis would be wise to confront them forthrightly and soon so they do not become a lingering source of speculation throughout his papacy . Otherwise , the emerging narrative of a down-to-earth man , thrust into power but mostly indifferent to the trappings of his position , driven by a special concern for the poor has proved especially encouraging to many frazzled Catholics , especially as , in a cynical time , it just may turn out to be the tale closest to the truth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Clarke .	Kevin Clarke : The choice of Cardinal Bergoglio as pope seems to be a safe compromise It reorients the church to Latin America , he says , but does n't mean much doctrinal change Clarke : The pope , a champion of the poor before , is likely to keep his focus on global poverty Clarke : Pope Francis must confront accusations he stood by during Argentina 's "  dirty war "
New York  CNN  -- Trinidad native Kareem Ibrahim was convicted Thursday of conspiring to detonate fuel tanks and a fuel pipeline at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport , according to a statement from the U.S. Eastern District Court of New York . Ibrahim was one of three men arrested in the 2007 plot , after a government informant infiltrated the group and taped its conversations , and he now faces the possibility of life behind bars . Co-conspirators Abdul Kadir and Russell Defreitas earlier received life sentences in the plot . The leader of the Shiite Muslim community in Trinidad and Tobago , Ibrahim provided religious and operational support to the men plotting the attack , according to prosecutors . In one recorded conversation he advised that the men must be ready to "  fight it out , kill who you could kill and go back to Allah . " Defreitas , who authorities say was the mastermind behind the plan , had extensive knowledge of the JFK Airport where he worked as a cargo handler and in 2006 recruited Ibrahim , Kadir and Abdel Nur to join him in the plot According to the statement from U.S. Eastern District Court of New York , Ibrahim "  believed the attack would cause extensive damage to the airport and to the United States economy , as well as the loss of innocent lives . " The specific charges Ibrahim was convicted of were conspiracy to attack a public transportation system , conspiracy to destroy a building by fire or explosive , conspiracy to attack aircraft and aircraft materials , conspiracy to destroy international airport facilities and conspiracy to attack a mass transportation facility , the statement said . Last August , Defreitas and Kadir were convicted by a federal jury in New York . Defreitas was found guilty on all six counts against him : conspiring to attack a public transportation system , to destroy a building or other real property by fire or explosive , to attack aircraft and aircraft materials , to destroy or damage international airport facilities and to attack a mass transportation facility , and surveillance of a mass transportation facility . Kadir was found guilty on five of the counts , but not guilty on the count of surveillance of mass transportation facility . In response to the decision in Ibrahim 's case Thursday , U.S. Attorney Loretta E. Lynch said in a statement , "  In pursuit of a radical terrorist agenda , bent on the destruction of John F. Kennedy Airport and the murder of innocent civilians , Imam Kareem Ibrahim abandoned the true tenets of his religion . " "  We will continue to seek out and bring to justice all those who plot to attack the United States and its people , " she added . Nur pleaded guilty last June to providing material support to a terrorist conspiracy and was sentenced to 15 years in prison .	Imam Kareem Ibrahim was convicted of planning to blow up JFK airport Ibrahim now faces the possibility of life in prison He was arrested in 2007 ; two co-defendants already received life sentences
CNN  -- The millennial generation is big , diverse and changing the American landscape . A new infographic and book , "  The Next America , " by Paul Taylor and the Pew Research Center , examines the data about the change . It 's revelatory . Taylor calls the demographic transformations "  dramas in slow motion . " The Gen Y -- or millennial -- generation 's lack of religious affiliation , indifference to political parties and strong liberal views are a contrast to previous generations . Additionally , a great deal of the "  next " in "  The Next America " has to do with racial and ethnic identity . Immigration , intermarriage and the growing percentages of people who identify as mixed race are drastically recoloring the nation 's racial tapestry . Today , just a half-century after interracial marriages were illegal in one-third of the states , nearly 1 in 6 newlyweds marry across racial lines . Immigrants and their children are projected to make up about 37 % of America 's population by mid-century , the highest share in our history . But what does this all mean ? There is often a focus on data highlighting the size and diversity of the millennial generation , drawing the conclusion that it is inevitable that our values will soon take over . But research shows other factors are equally important : Our generation 's economic insecurity , dependence on our parents and most notably , the unprecedented size of the older generation . I want to challenge the notion of inevitability , that just because we are more diverse , liberal and "  huge , " millennials will soon win the culture wars and easily transform our society to reflect our values . In my early 20s , as a Gen Y proselytizer and a person of color , I thought I knew exactly what the demographic changes meant : Millennials , in all of our black , brown and liberal glory , were taking over politically . I spent the early part of my career working on progressive policies and cause campaigns geared toward youth and diverse communities . I even founded a program that applied a racial equity lens to public policy development in part because of the country 's changing demographics . The unspoken premise was this : Political elites had better "  get hip " and start authentically working toward equity . Otherwise , they would be left in the change-making millennial dust . This premise was grounded in what I now call the myth of inevitability . Although I worked hard to increase civic engagement , activism and community involvement amongst my peers , deep down inside , I believed that the odds were in our favor . We would inevitably win the culture wars because of our sheer size and diversity . I believed that increasing our involvement and voice would make the difference of when the United States would be transformed to reflect our values , not if . I was not alone . Others deeply believed this to be true , too . But there are a few important factors that we forgot to consider . First , the country is n't just young and diverse . It is also getting old very quickly . The second major demographic "  drama " detailed by Pew is one of older Americans living longer than ever before . Ten thousand baby boomers will turn 65 every single day between now and 2030 . For the first time , by 2060 , there will be almost as many Americans older than 85 as younger than 5 . Thus the joke about "  waiting for the older generation to die off " to see our political and social goals realized is n't just crass : It not a realistic path to social change . And that 's not all . There are other cultural realities standing in the way of an "  inevitable " political takeover . Millennials are economically insecure , politically unaffiliated and , according to Pew , not at all interested in generational warfare . Unlike previous generations , we actually like our parents and grandparents -- perhaps because we 're still living with them . Suddenly , revolution does n't look as inevitable as it once did . But it is still possible . I propose that the value wars that play out on issues such as immigration , women 's rights , equality , criminal justice and America 's treatment of the poor will be determined by three factors : participation , leadership and systems innovation . Participation in the political process is key . In the research from Pew , it confirms that millennial voting has actually been remarkably solid , increasing and staying strong in presidential elections since 2004 . If this continues , adequate political representation should follow . But leading and participating in the system is not enough when the systems are broken , such as the impending doom around Social Security and other programs if left as is . The only way to fix them is to innovate and create them anew . Innovation can come from first learning the ins and outs of the current system , applying creativity and technological prowess to the problems and third , taking the risk to experiment and start enterprises that challenge the status quo if and when necessary . The data about the country 's race and age transformation is clear . But millennials will only make a transformational political impact when we take the reins , lead and recreate the United States from the inside out . Now that will be a demographic drama worth watching . Share your thoughts in the comments , on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living 's Facebook page . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Erica Williams Simon .	A new book details changing U.S. demographics and the role of millennials in that change A millennial responds to the myth of her generation 's inevitable takeover To have change , millennials need participation , leadership and innovation , author says
CNN  -- "  Balls . That 's how a family shows its power , " declares Johnny Depp as Barnabas Collins in "  Dark Shadows " to the bemused descendants gathered around the dinner table . In his day -- the 1700s -- throwing a party was a political act . But 200 years later -- in 1972 , to be exact -- balls are out of style . Women 's lib is in the air , and his movie is loaded with powerful , independent women . The hippies are dropping out . And vampires are an anachronism . I better admit from the start I never saw Dan Curtis ' spooky "  Dark Shadows " soap opera , a curio that ran from 1966 to 1971 . The belated blockbuster edition arrives courtesy of director Tim Burton , star Depp and "  Pride and Prejudice and Zombies " scribe Seth Grahame-Smith , a mash-up monster squad possibly more inclined to camp than Curtis was , and certainly more tickled by the nostalgic "  modernity " of the Nixon era . The fruit of their labors is mostly weirdly amusing -- when it 's not just plain bemusing -- but hardly the wacky parody the trailers suggest . And it falls well short of satire . The gags are there alright , but so is the soap in roughly equal measure . Always stronger on gothic atmosphere than story , Burton dedicates unwarranted screentime to the Collins ' dull fortunes in the fish canning business  I 'm not kidding  . More promisingly , he dishes up tortured romance more or less straight -- or as straight as a romantic triangle between an angry witch , a lovelorn vampire and a corpse is ever likely to be -- and smuggles at least a smidgeon of heartfelt emotional baggage into the spectacularly dysfunctional dynamics of the Collins clan . As we know by now , in Burton 's films being a misfit is a mark of distinction . And if Depp 's Barnabas is by his own admission an accursed monster with buckets of blood on his hands , he 's more or less absolved of moral guilt , redeemed by his loyalty , integrity and commitment to the family . On top of which , Depp is fun . He 's a vision in monochrome with his pasty complexion , black cape and hair . His elongated fingers weave mesmerizing dainty webs in thin air , and he pounces on each and every syllable of ripe 18th century rhetoric for maximum pomp . But scratch the surface and this turns out to be another arch , hollow turn from an actor who seems to treat his roles like extended party pieces , sniffing out any excuse for vaudeville and hang the consequences . His Barnabas is the life of the party but impossible to take seriously as a tormented soul . Despite his protestations , there is precious little heat between him and his beloved , Victoria  an intriguingly wan Bella Heathcote  . If you ca n't join him , beat him : that seems to be Eva Green 's game , effectively out-vamping Depp as Barnabas ' spurned lover and nemesis , brittle , randy sorceress Angelique . Also preening for attention but given rather less to play is Michelle Pfeiffer -- who must have thought she was back in Eastwick -- as Elizabeth Collins Stoddard , the de facto head of the family , Helena Bonham Carter Burton as dypso head-doctor Julia Hoffman and Chloe Grace Moretz as Elizabeth 's very adolescent daughter Caroline . Then there is Alice Cooper as plain old Alice Cooper . They 're all troupers , but step back a moment , you might feel a bit queasy about a picture that shrugs off multiple murders and vilifies an abused housemaid who rebels against the old European social hierarchies . Unfortunately , Burton and Depp 's ironic , detached treatment invites just that kind of idle reflection . The architecture looks grand , but the foundations are shaky .	"  Dark Shadows " is based on Dan Curtis ' spooky soap opera of the same name Depp is a vision in monochrome with his pasty complexion , black hair and cape Burton dedicates unwarranted time to the Collins ' dull fortunes in the fish canning business
NEW YORK  CNN  -- To understand how close Kanye West and his mother , Donda , were , one only needs to listen to his music . Donda and Kanye West , here during her book tour , were very close . He regularly made reference to her in his lyrics , discussing everything from her insistence that he receive a college degree to her unshakeable support of him when he ultimately decided to pursue a rap career . Donda West , who died at 58 over the weekend , appeared to be as tough as she was loving . On "  Ca n't Tell Me Nothing , " a track from his latest album , "  Graduation , " he rhymes about his mother 's attempt to discourage him from spending money on jewelry and "  Louis V. " On "  Touch the Sky , " from his 2005 album , "  Late Registration , " he recalls how his mother drove him from Chicago , Illinois , to New York in a U-Haul van .  Read the obituary of Donda West . She was also the inspiration for the song "  Hey Mama , " from the same album . "  I want to scream so loud for you / because I 'm so proud of you , " he rhymes . "  I know I act a fool / but I promise you I 'm going back to school / I appreciate what you allowed for me and I just want you to be proud of me . " Watch how Kanye West is mourning his mother " Donda West was indeed proud . She regularly attended her son 's concerts and often could be found dancing and rapping his more radio-friendly lyrics . Watch Donda West talk about "  Raising Kanye " " At the MTV Video Music Awards in September , she and a gaggle of girlfriends were perched in the VIP section at a party for Rolling Stone magazine . As Kanye West whipped the crowd into a frenzy with hits such as "  Gold Digger " and "  Through the Wire , " his mom waved her hands in the air side to side and bobbed to the beats . When asked if her son would sell more records than 50 Cent  both rappers released their albums on September 11  , she answered coyly . "  Good music will win out , " she said with a smile and a wink .  Her son 's label is named Good Music .  Gallery : Donda and Kanye " "  Graduation " would go on to trounce 50 Cent 's "  Curtis , " debuting at No. 1 on the Billboard charts and selling more than 950,000 copies in its first week of release . Long before her son became an international superstar , Donda West was an English professor at Chicago State University . She stepped down as chairwoman of the university 's English department in 2004 to manage her son 's burgeoning career full time . The two collaborated on a book , "  Raising Kanye : Life Lessons From the Mother of a Hip Hop Star , " which was released in May . And most recently , she became the CEO of Super Good , the parent company of Kanye West Enterprises . She also was the chairwoman of the Kanye West Foundation , which , interestingly enough , is focused on keeping students from dropping out of school . E-mail to a friend	Hip-hop star Kanye West often paid tribute to his mother in his songs Donda West was supportive of her son 's career , would dance to his beats Mom was former English professor , later managed son 's career
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Police arrested a man near the U.S. Capitol on Tuesday after he drove up to one of the building 's barricades with a rifle in his vehicle and told officers that he had a delivery for President Obama , a Senate spokesman said . A man drove to the Capitol with a rifle and said he had a delivery for President Obama , police said . Sgt. Kimberly Schneider identified the man as Alfred Brock , 64 , of Winnfield , Louisiana . She said Brock was charged with possession of an unregistered firearm and unregistered ammunition . Brock drove up to the north barricade at the Capitol late Tuesday afternoon , saying he had a delivery for the president , Schneider said . After further questioning , he admitted he had a rifle in his truck . He was arrested and taken to police headquarters for processing , she said . A search of his truck turned up several rounds of ammunition , Schneider said . Police also checked the area around the barricade , but found nothing hazardous . Threats against Obama have led to arrests in previous cases . In one , federal prosecutors concluded that three people arrested with drugs and weapons in a suburban Denver , Colorado , motel posed a "  true threat " to Obama during the Democratic National Convention . In the second , a Florida man was charged with threatening bodily harm against the then-candidate in August . He has pleaded not guilty .	NEW : Alfred Brock , 64 drove up to Capitol barricade with a rifle in his vehicle NEW : Brock charged with possession of an unregistered firearm , ammunition Police say he told them he had a delivery for President Obama Man was arrested , transported to Capitol Hill police headquarters for processing
CNN  -- Shirley Temple Black , who rose to fame as arguably the most popular child star in Hollywood history , died late Monday night , her publicist said . She was 85 . Temple Black , who also enjoyed a long career as a diplomat , died of natural causes at her Woodside , California , home . She was surrounded by family and caregivers , a statement from Cheryl Kagan said . She began acting at age 3 and became a massive box-office draw before turning 10 , commanding a then-unheard of salary of $ 50,000 per movie . Her first film of notice was in 1932 when she played in "  War Babies , " part of the "  Baby Burlesks " series of short films . Appreciation : Shirley Temple , the model child star For about 18 years , she sang , tap-danced and acted her way into the hearts of millions . Her corkscrew curls were popular with little girls from the 1930s through the 1970s . Early years Her star shone brightest as a toddler , and 20th Century Fox cranked out a series of feature films with the adorable , talented little girl . Her hits included "  Little Miss Marker "  1934  , "  Curly Top "  1935  and "  The Littlest Rebel "  1935  . At the box office , she beat out the great adult stars of her day , such as Clark Gable and Bing Crosby . Her popularity spawned a large array of merchandizing items , such as dolls , hats and dresses . She was the top box-office star four years in a row , from 1935 to 1938 . Her career was at its peak as the country was suffering the effects of the Great Depression , and her films offered uplifting moments . But as she got older , the pace of movies slowed , and by 1939 , her popularity was fading . She and 20th Century Fox terminated her contract early in 1940 , just before she reached her teenage years . Share your memories of Shirley Temple Black U.S. diplomat She retired from filmmaking at 22 and married Charles Black , changing her last name from Temple to Temple Black . But she did not fade from the public eye . She embarked on a new career as a foreign diplomat : She served in the U.S. delegation to the United Nations from 1969 to 1974 was U.S. ambassador to Ghana from 1974 to 1976 , and U.S. ambassador to Czechoslovakia from 1989 to 1992 . Former U.S. President George H.W. Bush , who appointed her to the Czechoslovakia post , said Tuesday that he and his wife "  mourn the loss of an American icon . " "  She captured the affections of millions around the world by her endearing performances on the silver screen as a young girl , but I also admired Shirley for her selfless service to our country later in her life , " Bush said in a statement released by his spokesman . "  In both roles , she truly lifted people up and earned not only a place in our hearts -- but also our enduring respect . "  Barbara and I send our condolences to Shirley 's family and countless fans around the world . " A statement from Temple Black 's family members said they "  salute her for a life of remarkable achievements as an actor , as a diplomat , and most importantly as our beloved mother , grandmother , great-grandmother , and adored wife of fifty-five years of the late and much missed Charles Alden Black . " Enduring icon She remained a cultural icon for decades after stepping down from the silver screen . In 1958 , she made a comeback as an entertainer , this time on television , in an hourlong show , "  Shirley Temple 's Storybook . " She later received two lifetime achievement awards for her performing career . In 1972 , Temple Black successfully battled breast cancer . Funeral arrangements are pending . A remembrance guest book will be set up online at shirleytemple.com . People we lost in 2014 CNN 's Jo Shelley contributed to this report .	Shirley Temple was arguably the most famous child star in Hollywood history She died of natural causes at her California home surrounded by family and caregivers She was a major box-office star during the Great Depression She retired from acting in 1950 and later became a U.S. diplomat
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Palestinian residents of Israel threw stones and police used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse them Wednesday as right-wing Israeli activists marched in the Arab town of Umm al-Fahm . Several hundred police officers were deployed in northern Israel ahead of the march , according to police . The activists , led by Baruch Marzel and Itamar Ben Gvir , are marching to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the murder of the radical Rabbi Meir Kahane and to call for the outlaw of the Islamic Movement in Israel . Ben Gvir shouted into a megaphone , "  We demand to outlaw the Islamic Movement . Only in Israel can Raed Salah -LSB- leader of the northern branch of the Islamic Movement -RSB- come and say that Israel needs to be erased ... and nothing is done to stop it . We demand that those who are responsible outlaw the Islamic Movement . Our message is to treat the Islamic Movement with a tough hand . " Police had denied requests for the right-wing activists to hold the protest , citing security concerns . But an Israeli court overruled , saying the march could take place . "  This march is a provocative march , " Hasan Sanallah of the Islamic Movement told CNN . "  This is a march for inciting violence . They are coming here to show that the Arab minorities in Israel are barbaric , and we want to prove them the other way . " Sanallah described the activists as "  trying to incite violence in Arab towns . " Kahane was an Israeli-American rabbi who founded the Jewish Defense League . He started a political party called Kach , which advocated the imposition of Jewish law in Israel and the expulsion of Palestinians from Israel . The Israeli government banned Kach in 1988 for inciting racism . Kahane was murdered in 1990 in New York by El Sayyid Nosair , an Egyptian-American terrorist convicted of involvement in the bombing of the World Trade Center in 1993 . A similar right-wing march took place in Umm al-Fahm in March 2009 and led to clashes between Palestinian Arab residents of the town and Israeli security personnel . About 100 far-rightists marched in the predominantly Muslim town , and Arab demonstrations that erupted after the march left dozens of people injured and at least 10 people detained , police said at the time . Marchers disseminated a particularly hot-button message in Umm al-Fahm that had been setting people off : They demanded that Israeli Arabs be loyal to the Jewish state , a stance considered insulting by many Israeli Arabs . About 20 percent of Israel 's population is comprised of Arabs . CNN 's Shira Medding , Kareem Khadder and Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	Stone throwing , tear gas and rubber bullets are seen during the demonstration The activists call for the outlaw of the Islamic Movement in Israel Kahane started a party that called for expulsion of Palestinians from Israel Islamic Movement : This march is a provocative march
CNN  The measles cases linked to Disneyland are genetically similar to the one involved in a massive outbreak in the Philippines , according to an analysis . The California outbreak likely started when a traveler who was infected overseas with measles visited the amusement park while infectious , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . But health officials do n't know exactly who the source of the outbreak is . Genetic analysis of the specimens from 30 California patients showed that the measles was of genotype B3 , which is identical to the virus circulating in the Philippines . The CDC also cautioned that the same virus type has been found in 14 other countries . The highly contagious disease has been damaging in the Philippines , infecting about 53,000 people and killing 110 people in 2014 . The country has not seen outbreaks this year , although there have been a trickle of cases , said Dr. Julie Lyn Hall , the WHO Country Representative in the Philippines . How bad is measles around the world ? So far , the United States has 141 reported cases of measles this year -- 98 of them from California . Most of the people who 've become sick with measles were unvaccinated , according to the CDC . This is not the first time that measles affecting the Philippines has been linked to U.S. outbreaks . The virus can easily travel internationally -- as was the case of the unvaccinated Amish missionaries who brought back measles from the Philippines . That outbreak in Ohio infected 383 people in 2014 . During the same year , 25 U.S. travelers , most of them unvaccinated , became ill with the measles after returning from the Philippines , according to the CDC . Measles was declared eliminated in the United States in 2000 , which means it is no longer native to the country , but continues to be brought in by international travelers . The United States gets imported cases every year , according to the CDC . Visitors may pick up the disease and bring it back to the U.S. , potentially infecting infants who can not be vaccinated because they are too young , or people who intentionally remain unvaccinated . Disney parks are a popular destination for international visitors , with as many as 24 million patrons a year . And it becomes especially busier during the holiday season . The first measles case linked to Disneyland was reported on January 5 , in a case involving an 11-year-old unvaccinated child who visited the park , according to the California Department of Public Health . The current outbreak has triggered a fierce debate about parents who choose not to vaccinate their children . Measles was no big deal until my daughter caught it Countries with the highest measles incidence per 100,000 population 1 . Georgia -- 79.5 2 . Bosnia and Herzegovina -- 62.9 3 . Angola -- 59.3 4 . Philippines -- 58.2 5 . Namibia -- 41.9 Countries with the most suspected measles cases 1 . China -- 107,024 2 . Philippines -- 57,564 3 . Vietnam -- 17,267 4 . Ethiopia -- 16,028 5 . Angola -- 12,300 Source : WHO , does not include data from all countries After Typhoon Haiyan struck the Philippines in November 2013 , the country grappled with a massive measles outbreak . In 2013 , the country reported 5,799 confirmed cases of the disease . By 2014 , that number increased nearly tenfolds to 53,357 cases , according to World Health Organization data . The spread of the virus has been exacerbated by mass migration , with nearly 4 million displaced people . "  Many of those -LSB- measles -RSB- cases were associated with Typhoon Haiyan as a number of people were moving out of the typhoon-affected area and coming into Manila , " said Hall of WHO . They arrived into places with low levels of measles vaccine coverage in Manila , triggering a severe outbreak in January and February 2014 . The number of cases that year was unusual compared to previous ones , Hall said . The WHO and the Philippines Department of Health conducted vaccination campaigns to immunize 11 million children . "  There 's still the measles virus in the Philippines , " Hall said . "  Despite all the efforts , not all children are protected from measles here . We are still getting reports , but nowhere near the level of the same time last year . "	Genetic testing finds Disneyland cases are similar to virus type in Philippines Philippines cases spiked nearly tenfolds from 2013 to 2014 U.S. has 141 reported cases of measles
CNN  -- Survivors of the surprise Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor gathered Wednesday to remember the 2,400 people who lost their lives exactly 70 years ago . "  Just as every day and unlike any other day , we stop and stand fast in memory of our heroes of Pearl Harbor and the Second World War , " Rear Adm. Frank Ponds , commander for Navy region Hawaii , told the gathering . U.S. Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus took note of the devastating legacy of the two-hour attack on Pearl Harbor 70 years ago . "  The history of December 7 , 1941 , is indelibly imprinted on the memory of every American who was alive that day . But it bears repeating on every anniversary , so that every subsequent generation will know what happened here today and never forget , " Mabus said . At the Pearl Harbor visitor center in Hawaii , about 5,000 guests witnessed a rifle salute , wreath presentations and recognition of those who died . The National Park Service operates the World War II Valor in the Pacific National Monument , and the venue overlooks the USS Arizona memorial . At 7:55 a.m. , the exact moment the attack began , F-22s flew over the ceremony in a "  missing man " formation , and a moment of silence was observed . A U.S. Navy ship rendered honors to the Arizona . Remains of Vernon Olsen , 91 , of Port Charlotte , Florida , were to be interred later Wednesday in the USS Arizona , the battleship on which he served and where 1,117 sailors and Marines died in the attack . In a statement , President Barack Obama said the veterans and survivors of Pearl Harbor are an inspiration . "  Despite overwhelming odds , they fought back heroically , inspiring our nation and putting us on the path to victory , " Obama said . "  They are members of that Greatest Generation who overcame the Depression , crossed oceans and stormed the beaches to defeat fascism , and turned adversaries into our closest allies . When the guns fell silent , they came home , went to school on the G.I. Bill , and built the largest middle class in history and the strongest economy in the world . They remind us that no challenge is too great when Americans stand as one . " LIFE 's photos of Pearl Harbor attack Flying from aircraft carriers on December 7 , 1941 , Japanese aviators attacked eight battleships in the harbor , destroying two , and left a trail of death and destruction across the verdant landscape . They also struck other military installations on Oahu . The attack shook America 's confidence and pulled the country into World War II . About 120 Pearl Harbor survivors attended Wednesday 's ceremony . The gradual loss of the World War II generation has accelerated , and this year , perhaps more than any before , evidence of a tide change is inescapable . The Pearl Harbor Survivors Association , founded in 1958 , is dissolving December 31 . The passage of time , the difficulty in finding chapter officers , and the health of its 2,700 members have taken their toll . In recent years , interpretation of the attack has shifted its focus "  from engagement to peace , " with recognition that both sides fought a "  savage war , " said Daniel A. Martinez , chief historian at the national monument . Martinez and other staff members have recorded video interviews with many veterans , preserving their memories . "  They tell me stories they have n't told their families , " he said . CNN Radio 's Matt Cherry and CNN 's Phil Gast and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We stop and stand fast in memory of our heroes , " Navy regional commander says This year 's commemoration marks 70 years since the attacks on Oahu The attack pulled the United States into World War II The Pearl Harbor Survivors Association is disbanding this month
CNN  -- Night had fallen . Some 20 airplane passengers had taken their seats for the short hop from Brussels , Belgium , to Zurich , Switzerland . Unknown to them , a precious cargo was being loaded into the airplane hold along with their suitcases : $ 50 million in rough and polished diamonds . But the diamonds would never reach their final destination . Shortly before 8 p.m. Monday , eight masked men in two vehicles burst through the perimeter fence of Brussels Airport and sped toward the aircraft on the tarmac . The men , who authorities said wore clothing resembling police uniforms , were heavily armed . While no shots were fired and no one was injured , the pilot , co-pilot and a transport security guard were all threatened at gunpoint , said Ine Van Wymersch , of the Public Prosecutor 's Office in Brussels . Within three minutes , the thieves had snatched the diamonds from the hold , said airport spokesman Jan Van der Cruysse . Drag queens , fake beards and chocolates : Notable diamond heists Moments later they left the scene , racing out through the same breach in the airport periphery through which they had entered . The robbers , four in each car , had broken a hole in the fence where it ran between two construction sites , Van Wymersch said at a news conference . "  This was a very precise , almost military-organized and well-executed robbery , " Van der Cruysse said . He said it was a "  big surprise " that such a slick heist been possible -- but pointed the finger at organized crime . "  We are an airport that is , as all international airports are , subject to very strict aviation security and safety regulations , " he said . The aircraft targeted was a regular passenger flight operated by Helvetic Airways on behalf of Swiss , Switzerland 's national airline . It 's not yet clear how the thieves knew that the diamonds would be on board . But this was not a chance holdup , said Van Wymersch , describing the men involved as "  professionals . " Antwerp , the city known as the world 's diamond-cutting capital , lies only about 25 miles away from Brussels . The Antwerp World Diamond Centre has on average $ 200 million in stones coming in and out daily , and it takes security very seriously , a spokesman told CNN . He was unable to confirm reports that gold and platinum were stolen along with the diamonds . It 's not the first time that Antwerp 's centuries-old diamond trade has been targeted . The city was the scene of a spectacular robbery in 2003 when thieves made off with the contents of more than 100 safes at the diamond center . Those gems were never recovered . Some 34,000 jobs in the city are connected to the diamond trade , according to the Antwerp World Diamond Centre , from mining company representatives to dealers to the craftsmen who polish the stones . Netherlands art heist suspects arrested 3 arrested in massive maple syrup heist	Thieves were dressed like police and threatened air crew at gunpoint , prosecutor says Team of eight takes only minutes to steal the rough and polished stones from a plane 's cargo hold They breached the periphery and sped off with their haul in 2 vehicles , the spokesman says The stones were en route from Antwerp to Zurich , Switzerland , Antwerp diamond center says
New Democracy leader Antonis Samaras was sworn in Wednesday as Greece 's new prime minister , following months of political uncertainty for the debt-stricken country . He was inaugurated at the presidential mansion after meeting with President Karolos Papoulias , who asked him to form a new Greek government . His swearing-in followed the news that three parties -- the center-right New Democracy , which placed first in Sunday 's vote , Pasok and the Democratic Party of the Left -- had reached agreement on the terms for the coalition . The new government is expected to be sworn in Thursday , state broadcaster ERT said . Speaking as he left the presidential mansion , Samaras said : "  We trust that with God 's help we will do all we can to get our people out of the crisis . I will ask the government tomorrow morning to work hard in order to be able to give tangible hope to our people . " Greece has been without an elected government for 223 days , and the new government , which has pledged to push for a renegotiation of the painful austerity measures imposed under the terms of an international bailout , will face significant challenges . The country is struggling to get out of the political and financial mire that threatens to drag down Europe 's common currency and spark a new global financial crisis . Samaras met with the heads of his two coalition partners , Pasok leader Evangelos Venizelos and Fotis Kouvelis of the Democratic Party of the Left Wednesday evening , ERT reported . Discussions continue on the government 's exact makeup , Venizelos said earlier , but it is not expected to include members of the two junior parties in senior Cabinet posts . "  Greece has a government . ... That is the message that we need to send abroad , " Venizelos said as he announced the deal in a televised statement . The most critical issue for the new government is the formation of a national task force to renegotiate the terms of Greece 's unpopular international bailout , he said . Greece will go to a two-day summit in Brussels later this month determined to push fellow European leaders on the issue , he added . Venizelos said it is unfortunate that the anti-austerity party Syriza , which placed second in the election , had declined to join the other parties in seeking the best way forward for the country . New Democracy , which broadly favors Greece meeting international debt obligations , led the talks on forming a coalition after narrowly taking first place in Sunday 's election . The socialist Pasok party placed third . What will Greek elections mean for the country 's future ? Dr. Vassilis Monastiriotis of the Hellenic Observatory at the London School of Economics , said it is a positive step that Greece now has a government , but few details about key appointments or policies are yet known . The Cabinet will be dominated by ministers from New Democracy , after its partners said they would support the government but did not want to be part of it , he said . However , it may include a couple of technocrats from Pasok and a representative from the Democratic Left . Venizelos 's focus on the negotiating team that will seek to amend the terms of Greece 's bailout deal , rather than the Cabinet , may signal his desire to be part of that team , Monastiriotis noted . An early test for the new government will be the Brussels summit on June 28-29 , when it will seek to present a strong front to European leaders as it puts forward proposals on changing the terms of the loan agreement and new investment for growth , he said . While few specifics are known , all three parties are keen to renegotiate a provision under which Greece 's current minimum wage of 750 euros a month  about $ 950  would be cut by 22 % , Monastiriotis said . But , he said : "  There 's no decision about how  they  actually deal with the immediate problems of acute poverty in parts of society and problems of tax collection . " He predicted that the international community will show patience with the new Greek government at least until September , not least because any alternative would be far more radical and anti-European . And while Samaras has in the past been rather narrow in his views , Monastiriotis said , the politician has shown some leadership in recent days in making concessions to form the coalition . Kouvelis announced Wednesday morning that his party 's central committee would back the coalition government but that it wanted efforts made to ease the burden of austerity on the Greek people . "  This support is connected to the political platform that will be decided . The Democratic Left is insisting that this platform will contain commitments that will ensure the removal of measures that have gravely affected the Greek society . The country must have a government , but for us the substance of this government 's policy is the big challenge , " Kouvelis said . The leftist party has supported bailouts from international lenders while seeking to renegotiate the terms . With almost all ballots counted , New Democracy had won nearly 30 % of the vote , the Interior Ministry said , giving the party 129 seats in the country 's 300-seat Parliament . Syriza , which campaigned against the terms of the bailout , got 71 seats . Pasok , which long dominated Greek politics , won 33 . Four smaller parties took fewer than two dozen seats each . A wild election weekend for Greece , France and Egypt Alexis Tsipras , the fiery leader of the leftist Syriza party , met with Samaras but said Monday he would not back a coalition . "  History and the people will judge them by their results , " Tsipras said of the parties backing some kind of bailout deal with the creditors who are keeping Greece afloat . "  Shortly we will be vindicated . " He said his party 's nearly 27 % showing had forced Greek leaders to realize the bailout is "  nonviable , " and said Syriza would press as a member of the opposition for the bailout to be scrapped in its entirety . The vote was widely seen as a referendum on whether Greece should remain tied to the euro , the currency used by 325 million people across 17 countries in Europe . The possibility of a "  no " vote roiled world markets , with some analysts warning that the collapse of the euro would cost $ 1 trillion . The future of Europe : 3 scenarios International bailouts have kept Greece from defaulting in the face of an ongoing recession and low tax revenue , but lenders have demanded hugely unpopular government budget cuts in exchange . Some observers had predicted that efforts to renegotiate the bailout could lead to a run on Greek banks and deeper misery . The country must identify additional budget cuts by the end of June to be considered compliant with the terms of its bailout . After five years of recession , unemployment is running at about 22 % , taxes are going up and many of those with jobs are suffering cuts to wages . German Chancellor Angela Merkel , Europe 's powerful advocate for balancing budgets to build a strong basis for economic growth , had urged Greeks not to walk away from the international loan deals . "  We will stick to the agreements . That is the basis on which Europe will prosper , " she said Saturday .	The new government will be sworn in Thursday , Greek state media says New Prime Minister Antonis Samaras meets his coalition partners for talks International leaders see the new government as the best alternative , an analyst says The Greek crisis threatens European economic stability
CNN  -- Perhaps right now in Morgantown , West Virginia , they are raising a glass , or rather a mug , to celebrate their No. 1 ranking from the Princeton Review . Not as the best university for academics , but for being named the best party school in the United States . The 22,000-plus students there like to let some steam off every now and now , according to the survey , which asked questions of about 325 people on 377 college campuses . All the schools on the top 20 list have more than 15,000 students , save for DePauw , which came in at No. 12 , and No. 19 University of Maine . "  The schools on this list are mostly large , public universities with strong academic and research profiles , as well as highly successful athletic programs , " West Virginia said in a news release . "  But in the big picture , clearly this list has no real credibility . " West Virginia also topped the "  Lots of Beer " list while Providence College was No. 1 for "  Lots of Hard Liquor . " Brigham Young University in Provo , Utah , led the "  Stone Cold Sober " list . "  Schools on the ` Party Schools ' list are those at which surveyed students ' answers indicated a combination of : low personal daily study hours  outside of class  , high usages of alcohol and drugs on campus and high popularity on campus for frats/sororities , " the Princeton Review said on its website . The Princeton Review is not affiliated with Princeton University . It is a test preparation and college admissions consulting company based in Framingham , Massachusetts . Here is the full list of the top 20 party schools : 1  West Virginia University 2  University of Iowa 3  Ohio University 4  University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 5  University of Georgia 6  University of Florida in Gainesville 7  University of California-Santa Barbara 8  Florida State University 9  Miami University of Ohio 10  Syracuse University 11  Penn State University 12  DePauw University 13  University of Wisconsin-Madison 14  University of Mississippi 15  University of Texas-Austin 16  University of Maryland 17  University of South Carolina 18  James Madison University 19  University of Maine 20  University of Tennessee	Rankings are from Princeton Review College preparation company says it surveyed more than 122,000 students WVU also topped the list of beer drinking schools University says lists like these have no merit
CNN  -- A 20-year-old Saudi national was arrested in Lubbock , Texas , on Thursday for allegedly researching and acquiring materials to make explosives , law enforcement sources told CNN . Khalid Ali-M Aldawsari planned to target the home of former President George W. Bush and other sites , the sources said . He faces a federal charge of attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction , the justice department said . From CNN 's Jeanne Meserve	Khalid Ali-M Aldawsari is accused of planning to attack targets in Texas He faces a charge of attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The Boy Scouts of America released a study Wednesday that claims children were safer from sex abuse in the Scouts than when at home or school . The report was prepared by a psychiatric expert hired by the Scouts to review so-called "  perversion files " kept by the organization from 1970 to 1991 . A newspaper review of the files published last week said they showed scouting officials "  failed to report hundreds of alleged child molesters to police and often hid the allegations from parents and the public . " In response , the Boy Scouts released what it said is an "  independent review " by a University of Virginia psychiatry professor Wednesday , ahead of the "  increased media attention " it expects with the release of more files . "  I believe that these files show that children in Scouting were safer and less likely to experience inappropriate sexual behavior in Scouting than in their own families , schools and during other community activities supervised by adults , " Dr. Janet Warren wrote in her report . Sex abuse files prompt calls for Boy Scout ousters The Los Angeles Times looked at 1,600 "  ineligible volunteer " files obtained through a 1992 lawsuit in Oregon against the Boy Scouts , the newspaper said . The "  perversion files " were a blacklist of alleged sexual molesters , it said . The Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , a sex abuse support group , said it was "  very upset " by Warren 's assertion that children were safer in the Scouts . "  That 's an unsubstantiated , self-serving claim that sounds more like the writing of a spin doctor than a real doctor , " SNAP Director David Clohessy said . SNAP called on the Boy Scouts last week to oust any official still with the organization who was involved in covering up child sex crimes . The Boy Scouts , in a statement last week , said it "  continuously enhanced its multi-tiered policies and procedures , which now include background checks , comprehensive training programs , and safety policies . " The organization 's current education and training programs to protect children from abuse "  are among the best in the youth-serving community , " Boy Scouts spokesman Deron Smith said . The Boy Scouts , in an open letter published Wednesday , said it would review the next batch of files to be released , covering 1965 to 1985 , to "  ensure that all good-faith suspicion of abuse has been reported to law enforcement . " The Times reported that while the Scouts learned of most of the abuse allegations after they were reported to authorities , the organization was told about more than 500 instances from boys , parents , staff members or anonymous tips . "  In about 400 of those cases -- 80 % -- there is no record of Scouting officials reporting the allegations to police , " the Times reported . "  In more than 100 of the cases , officials actively sought to conceal the alleged abuse or allowed the suspects to hide it . " Warren 's report said her "  review of these files indicates that the reported rate of sexual abuse in Scouting has been very low . " "  These files tell us precisely what researchers already knew , and have known for many years : some small number of men will use a position of trust and access to young people to pursue illegal sexual gratification , " Warren wrote . "  This is a sad reality that has been with us throughout human history . " The professor noted that only 25 cases were documented from 1980 , when there were about 1.1 million adults involved in Scouting . "  This indicates that 0.002 percent -- or 2 per 100,000 -- of all registered Scouting-involved adults in that year came to the attention of BSA because of alleged inappropriate sexual behavior with a child or adolescent , " Warren said . "  This suggests that youth were safer in Scouting than in society at large . " Warren also disputed that the documents were "  secret files " of hidden abuse . "  The files show a significant amount of public knowledge of the offenders and their unlawful acts , " she said . "  For example , over 60 % of the files made available to the public include some kind of public information . These public domain sources included newspaper articles , police reports , criminal justice records , and records of civil litigation . " Most of the men involved "  were arrested at some point in their lives for a sex crime . " she said . "  These data indicate that more often than not , the police , the courts , and the public were aware of inappropriate sexual behavior having been attributed to these individuals . " Opinion : What Scout abuse scandal teaches us The professor also asserted that the "  claims of abuse were not swept under the carpet and ignored . Rather , suspected offenders were pursued and often times barred from Scouting over their fervent objection and at times even the opinion of the local community . " The "  small number " of alleged offenders allowed back into Scouting were permitted "  because  they  had sought and received psychiatric treatment , " she wrote . Warren concluded that the Scouts ' system of ridding the organization of sex abusers "  was not perfect , and mistakes clearly occurred , " but it "  functioned well in keeping many unfit adults out of Scouting . " SNAP 's director said he was "  highly skeptical " of Warren 's claim that the Scouts ' system functioned well . "  Compared with what ? She apparently bases this on one source of information : the BSA files . " However , Clohessy said , "  initial reports seem to show that the Boy Scouts ' response to sexual abuse is improving . " "  At the same time , we stand by our call to wait and see what real reform -- if any -- actually comes of these new developments , " he added . "  For example , Warren 's report indicates that there were still some abusers who were allowed back into Scouting after going through ` psychiatric treatment . ' We would argue that no one who has been credibly accused of child sex abuse be allowed back into Scouting , period . " The report "  gives us some slight hope for change within the BSA , but we remain cautious , " Clohessy said . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	The Boy Scouts of America commissioned the "  independent review " of its "  perversion files " A sex abuse support group calls it "  an unsubstantiated , self-serving claim " A newspaper study of files said Scouts "  failed to report hundreds of alleged child molesters " "  These claims of abuse were not swept under the carpet and ignored , " an expert says
CNN  -- Harry Devert 's motorcycle journey from the United States to Latin America is somewhat reminiscent of "  The Motorcycle Diaries , " which recount the South American travels of revolutionary Ernesto "  Che " Guevara on an old motorbike in search of his insurgent spirit . But Devert , 32 , who left a job as a trader in finance to travel the world , has not been in touch with his mother or girlfriend in New York since January 25 . That day he sent girlfriend Sarah Ashley Schiear an ominous text via the WhatsApp messenger app . "  Just got an hour and a half long escort out of some area it was too dangerous for me to be , " the message said . "  Stopping for lunch and ... voila Internet . ... Gon na get back on the road soon . Apparently there 's another military escort waiting for me in some other town ... I 'm running way late because of the crazy military stuff ... hopefully get a chance to talk to you tonight when I  hopefully  finally arrive . " He had checked out of a bed and breakfast in the southwestern Mexican state of Michoacan and planned to travel to a beach in Zihuatanejo , on the Pacific coast , that was in the final scene of the film "  The Shawshank Redemption , " according to friends and family . "  My son is a great communicator and he always lets me know -- because I 'm anxious -- as close as he can where he 's going to be or if he 's going to be out of touch , " his mother , Ann Devert , told CNN Saturday . Ann Devert said she last heard from her son January 23 . The phone connection was poor . He told her he 'd be out of cell phone and Internet range a few days . She said he called every January 29 , his late father 's birthday , "  and when he did n't , I felt a misgiving but I thought maybe it would take a couple of days , " she said . "  He did n't call . " Then , Ann Devert heard from a friend who recently returned from Michoacan , where vigilante self-defense groups in numerous communities have engaged in deadly confrontations with the Knights Templar drug cartel . After vigilantes threatened to descend on a key cartel area last month , the Mexican government sent in thousands of troops and police to try to keep the peace . The government has even joined forces with the vigilantes as the Knights Templar become further entrenched in the agricultural state . "  This is an area in Michoacan that has been very dangerous , " said Ann Devert , who has been in contact with The Missing Americans Project , a Website dedicated to sharing information and resources about U.S. citizens missing in other countries . Last week , Ann Devert contacted both the American and French embassies in Mexico . Her son , born in France , has dual citizenship . "  The wheels of diplomatic work sometimes grind slowly , " she lamented . "  They are on top of things as much as they can be . " Schiear , 28 , was less diplomatic . "  I just feeling pretty lost in terms of the help we are receiving , " she said . In a statement Saturday , a U.S. State Department spokesperson confirmed that a U.S. citizen was reported missing near Morelia , Michoacan , but declined further comment "  due to privacy considerations . " "  When a U.S. citizen is reported missing in Mexico , the U.S. Embassy or Consulate works with both the missing person 's family and Mexican and U.S. law enforcement agencies to locate the missing individual and return him or her to safety , " the statement said . "  For missing person cases in Mexico , Mexican law enforcement institutions generally have jurisdiction and play the lead role in the conduct of investigations . We work closely with Mexican authorities to monitor such cases and seek progress as quickly as possible . " In Mexico , Interior Ministry officials told CNN that they have not yet confirmed that Devert is missing . Devert 's friends and family remain hopeful that his disappearance is only temporary , another story to recount from his wild travels around the world -- from Pamplona , Spain , to Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , and beyond . "  I 've been chased with a gun in Colombia , chipped my tooth on a gun that was shoved in my mouth in Venezuela and shot everything from a bazooka to a machine gun , an M16 to a Colt .45 , " Devert wrote in his travel blog , A New Yorker Travels . "  I 've been in some of the poorest and some of the most dangerous parts of the world and to many of the finest , and I still ca n't tell which I liked more . I think that life is a pilgrimage . " In an Oct. 19 post , Devert described his latest journey on a type of vehicle he had no experience using . "  I 've never ridden a motorcycle , " he wrote . "  Mostly , naturally , because I do n't know how . So tomorrow I 'm going to go to the DMV , get my motorcycle permit , buy a bike and hopefully figure out how to ride it home without crashing . Which I 'm sure will be an adventure in itself . " He added , "  Then in the next 2 or 3 weeks I 'm going to drive it across America , through Central America , down to Brazil for the World Cup , and eventually south to Ushuaia , which as far as I can tell from a map is about as far south as one can get on the continent . " He purchased a green 2002 Kawasaki . Ann Devert said her son took a safety course and spent hours studying YouTube videos on how to survive falls from bikes . Still , the fact that he had never driven a motorcycle concerned her , she said . He promised not to travel faster than 55 mph , yet he took a nasty spill while speeding in Florida , Ann Devert said . He emerged unscathed . "  He always tells me ' I take risks but I 'm not an idiot , ' " she said . Devert hoped to write about his experiences traveling around Latin America , perhaps in a book . "  My son was hoping that instead of a job in an office that he 'd be able to somehow use this trip to get enough followers who would maybe read a book that he would write , " Ann Devert said . "  He 's had some extraordinary adventures . He just loves people so . " Schiear said Devert spent the last year saving money for the journey . "  This trip was kind of him wanting to make it maybe a career or something , " she said . "  This is what he loved . He wanted to try to figure out a way to keep doing it . He started a website and everything . " Friends and family recently created the Help Find Harry page in Facebook , with more than 5,000 likes . "  He 's one of those people that every single person that he comes into contact with just loved him , " said Schiear , who planned to meet Devert in Guatemala . "  Everywhere that he 's been around the world , families took him in . Everybody 's hoping that 's ... the end of this crazy story . Somebody has taken him in , and it 'll be another one of his wild stories . " CNN 's Mary Grace Lucas in Washington , Fidel Gutierrez in Mexico and Maria Santana in New York contributed to this report .	Harry Devert was on a motorcycle ride through Mexico Family and friends in New York have not heard from him in two weeks His last message mentions getting an "  escort out of some area "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- People walked by 12-year-old Yance Phillips as he danced on Hollywood Boulevard on Sunday . YaYa , 2 , stands near framed coverage of Michael Jackson 's death on the Walk of Fame on Sunday . He swayed and bounced to the beat of a boom box , drawing only a glance from people making their way down the Hollywood Walk of Fame . Then he moonwalked , and suddenly , Phillips had the crowd 's attention . "  I watched Michael Jackson , and I just tried to do it like he does , " Yance said . "  I like the moves that he does . " As thousands gathered in Los Angeles to say goodbye to a star who had been entertaining since he was a little boy , it was hard not to notice the children in the crowd . Toddlers in the arms of their parents who were fans , and kids wearing T-shirts emblazoned with Jackson 's face gathered at the Staples Center and beyond as the city geared up for the pop icon 's memorial service . A group of tweens even pooled their money to trek from the Valley to Hollywood -- sans adults and sharing a digital camera -- to take pictures of Jackson 's star on the Walk of Fame for a video they wanted to create . See what fans had to say at the Walk of Fame " They were too young to know about the singer 's legal troubles or to remember a time when Jackson 's appearance was quite different from what it was in his final years . To them , he was just a star who could sing and dance across a floor like magic . "  I like all of his music and how he dresses , " said 8-year-old Sarah McClure as she glanced down at her own Michael Jackson T-shirt . "  My favorite is ` Thriller . ' " McClure traveled more than 90 miles with her little sister , Emily , 5 , and her mother , Geri McClure , to visit the Staples Center , where the memorial to Jackson will be held Tuesday . As they waited in line to sign a wall of remembrance to the singer , Geri McClure said she wanted her daughters "  to be a part of history . " "  Plus , they love his music , " she added . "  He was an entertainer for the different generations . " Barbara Alvarez and her husband , David , endured the heat as well as they waited with their children Isaac , 8 , William , 4 , and 1-year-old Ava . "  Watching and listening to Michael Jackson was one of the happiest memories of my childhood , " Alvarez said . "  I grew up on his music . " She wanted to impart that to her kids . Isaac smiled shyly as his mother revealed that he became a fan years ago after she showed him the "  Thriller " video . "  My daughter even dances to his music , " said Alvarez , as Ava rested in the shade of her stroller . Yance Phillips said he was doing his moonwalk on Hollywood Boulevard to raise money to help bury a relative . Donations poured into the jar at his feet . His grandmother , Regina Stevenson , said Jackson 's appeal was-wide ranging and touched fans of all ages and nationalities . "  He showed children of all races that they could be successful , " Stevenson said . Maria Pace , who is almost 20 years old , said she can remember how Jackson helped ease the path of her younger years . She was a shy girl from Spain , unsure of how to make friends in her new homeland of Bakersfield , California , when a fellow classmate played some Michael Jackson music and the pair bonded . "  She liked Michael Jackson music , and I liked Michael Jackson music , and we started dancing to it , " Pace recalled . "  It was me , her and another girl , and we became known as the Jackson girls . " Pace said she does n't believe there will ever be another entertainer like Jackson , but she hopes younger generations continue to be inspired by him -- especially a trio of children who know firsthand of his talent . "  Maybe one day , " Pace said , "  one of his children will become a performer . "	Children among thousands in Los Angeles saying goodbye to pop star Jackson , who died June 25 at age 50 , had been entertaining since he was little Toddlers in fans ' arms , kids in Jackson T-shirts gather at Staples Center and beyond Fans , some of whom who 'd traveled far , recall Jackson 's effect on their lives
CNN  -- Two men charged in the 1978 disappearance of five teenagers in Newark , New Jersey , pleaded not guilty to five counts of murder Wednesday morning as about 40 family members of the victims looked on . Lee Anthony Evans , 56 , and Philander Hampton , 53 , were arrested Monday night . That was about 18 months after the investigation into the disappearance of the five boys was given new life ; a witness came to detectives with information that the 1978 arson of an abandoned building in Newark was connected with the case , acting prosecutor Robert Laurino said . Evans and Hampton also pleaded not guilty to arson charges . Evans ' attorney , Michael A. Robbins , maintains his client 's innocence , citing Evans ' full cooperation with authorities during the 1978 investigation into the disappearance of Randy Johnson , 16 , Melvin Pittman ,17 , Ernest Taylor , 17 , Alvin Turner , 16 , all of Newark ; and Michael McDowell , 16 , of East Orange . "  In a case such as this , where the evidence has been lost , great care must be taken to prevent outrage , anger and emotion acting as a substitute in court for competent testimony , evidence and proof , " Robbins said . "  The magnitude of the tragedy in the case should not diminish the very sacredness of Mr. Evans ' right to a fair trail . " Hampton is being represented by John McMahon from the Essex County public defender 's office . The family members of the victims sat silently as they watched Evans and Hampton enter their pleas . Evans had been under suspicion in 1978 but was released after passing a lie detector test . Witnesses said they had seen the boys getting into Evans ' pickup truck . Helen Simmons , Michael 's aunt , said she had never let go of her suspicion of Evans . "  Five kids did not run away . They were not runaways . They had no reason to run away . Five kids did not run away all at the same time , all having been picked up by Lee Anthony Evans , " said Simmons , who was in the courtroom Wednesday . "  Michael 's mother , my sister , died just 13 months after this , never knowing what happened to her son , " she said . "  We have not forgotten Michael the last 32 years , " she added . "  Michael is always with us . It 's just that now we do feel that we will achieve the most we can get from justice , which is empty , which is to have -LSB- Evans and Hampton -RSB- to spend the rest of their lives in jail . I would love for -LSB- Evans -RSB- to live at least another 32 more years . In jail . " Authorities believe that the alleged killings were in retaliation for the teens ' breaking into one of the defendants ' homes to steal marijuana . The remains of the victims have never been found . A third suspect , Maurice Woody-Olds , died in March 2008 . Officials allege that Evans and Hampton , with the aid of Woody-Olds , lured the five boys at various times into Evans ' pickup and took them to the abandoned building on Camden Street , where they held them at gunpoint before setting it ablaze , officials said . The case will next be presented to a grand jury on a date to be determined . Evans and Hampton are being held at Essex County Correctional Facility in lieu of $ 5 million bail .	Two men charged in disappearances of five teens in New Jersey Witness told police 18 months ago that case was linked to arson One suspect had been arrested in 1978 but passed lie detector test Victim 's aunt says she never lost suspicions
CNN  -- Online photo archive Getty Images is opening 35 million images to online publishers to use free of charge , acknowledging that many of its pictures are already being copied anyway . The company will allow "  noncommercial " users such as bloggers and tweeters to embed its images using a code similar to what 's on sites such as YouTube . The image that appears will include a Getty photo credit and will be linked to the company 's website , where viewers can have the opportunity to license the photo . "  This will provide people with a simple and legal way to utilize content that respects creators ' rights , including the opportunity to generate licensing revenue , " Getty said in a statement announcing the move . The decision "  opens one of the largest , deepest and most comprehensive image collections in the world for easy sharing , thereby making the world an even more visual place . " Craig Peters , Getty 's senior vice president for business development , said Getty saw its content being copied online , and that "  spoke to an opportunity . " "  The use of our content in these venues points to really the fact that people are excited to be sharing their ideas , their interests , their passions with our content , " he said . By giving users limited access to its imagery , he said , "  We 're generating new brand awareness in this market . " It also clarifies Getty 's insistence that any commercial use of the company 's images requires a paid license , possibly bringing in paying customers , Peters said . And it opens up the door to using the embed code to post advertising -- a prospect already covered in Getty 's terms of use for the new venture . "  I think it 's a little premature to talk to a specific business model , but I think we can talk to specific benefits out of the gate , " Peters said . Users will be able to choose from a universe of 35 million images out of the 150 million Getty has available for licensing to a wide variety of organizations , from advertising agencies to news outlets such as CNN . Embedded content must be used for "  editorial purposes " -- meaning events that are "  newsworthy or of public interest " -- and ca n't be used for advertising , the terms state . Joshua Benton , director of the Nieman Journalism Lab at Harvard University , said Getty is trying to establish "  an alternative for people who otherwise would just copy and paste photos , " much as Apple 's iTunes created a way to legitimize music sharing . But the trick for Getty will be to allow those users to access its images without making it so easy that its paying customers start using the embed service themselves , he said . "  Getty makes a lot of money off folks like The New York Times and CNN and professional publishers . They do not in any way want to endanger that , " Benton said . "  They 're trying to walk that thin line to protect that while at the same time enabling that different kind of business . " Peters said that commercial users have more rights to the images than bloggers who embed them . They 're able to use the images on multiple platforms , edit them and keep them on their own servers , he said . "  It 's a completely different work product than what any of our major media companies are looking for , " he said . So far , news photos are harder to find in embeddable form "  than a stock photo of a man in a classroom , " Benton said . But if Getty starts using the embedded image to post ads -- a possibility included in its terms of use -- "  then you have a question about how photographers get compensated , " Benton said . Yvonne Boyd , a photographer in Atlanta , said the market for stock imagery has already declined sharply in recent years , and many photo agencies now expect photographers to pick up a larger share of their expenses . "  I ca n't help but think that somehow Getty will gain something from this , but not their photographers , " Boyd said . She and other photographers who commented on Getty 's Facebook page also questioned whether an ad-supported website counted as a noncommercial venture . "  When you 're potentially making money , even if it 's not a service or a product , that 's commercial , " she said . "  You then are benefiting from another 's work , and they are not being compensated . " But Peters said the feedback he 's received from photographers is "  largely positive . " "  We have over 200,000 photographers whose work we represent on a global basis . In that world , not everyone 's going to always agree with the things we do , " he said . But he said he met with a group of photographers Wednesday night , "  and they were incredibly excited about it . "	NEW : Copying of Getty photos "  spoke to an opportunity , " VP says NEW : Getty may make money , "  but not their photographers , " one photographer fears Getty Images is allowing online noncommercial use of 35 million photos The content-sharing service is walking a "  thin line , " analyst says
CNN  -- Second seed Maria Sharapova dropped just four games on Friday as she swept aside six-time grand slam winner Venus Williams 6-1 6-3 in the third round of the Australian Open . The win continued Sharapova 's imperious recent of form . The Russian , a winner of the Melbourne event in 2008 , became the first woman to not concede a single game in her first two matches at a grand slam since 1985 . Sharapova lost to world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka in last year 's final , but she already looks well placed to go one better in 2013 ahead of a fourth round encounter with Belgium 's Kirsten Flipkens . Former world No. 1 Williams has endured a tough time since winning her most recent grand slam title in 2008 . She was forced to withdraw from the 2011 U.S. Open having been diagnosed with the auto immune disorder Sjogren 's syndrome . "  I was a really determined player out there because I knew the tennis she 's capable of producing and playing , " Sharapova told reporters . "  Despite what she 's ranked or seeded , it does n't matter when you go out on the court . She 's been there . "  She 's experienced enough to know no matter if you 're playing the third round , the quarters or the final , you have to be ready . "  I certainly was . Since the draw came out , I was really looking forward to that match-up . " It was a good day for the top seeds in the women 's draw , with Chinese No. 6 seed Li Na easing past Romanian No. 27 Sorana Cirstea 6-4 6-1 . Li , who became Asia 's first grand slam singles champion when she triumphed at the 2011 French Open , remains on course for a semifinal meeting with Sharapova , provided she can progress from her round four match with 18th seed Julia Goerges . Fourth seed Agnieszka Radwanska was rarely troubled as she beat British No. 1 Heather Watson 6-3 6-1 . The 2012 Wimbledon runner-up will now play former world No. 1 Ana Ivanovic , who advanced from an all-Serbian encounter with Jelena Jankovic . German Angelique Kerber ended U.S. rookie Madison Keys ' run at her first grand slam . The fifth seed progressed courtesy of a 6-2 7-5 success . In the men 's draw , top seed Novak Djokovic was made to work on his way to a 6-4 6-3 7-5 win against Czech Radek Stepanek . Next up for the defending champion is Switzerland Stanislas Wawrinka after the No. 15 got the better of American Sam Querrey . "  I was n't expecting an easy match coming into the third round and playing a seeded player , " Djokovic told a post-match press conference , on the same day he also condemned former seven-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong . "  Stepanek  loves the big stage . You saw how much fun he had . I also had a lot of fun playing . It was a very entertaining match . " Djokovic 's fellow Serb Janko Tipsarevic was made to work for his spot in round four . The world No. 8 came from two sets to one down to win 3-6 6-4 2-6 6-4 6-3 in a match which lasted three-and-a-half-hours . Fourth seed David Ferrer and No. 5 Tomas Berdych both continued their strong starts to the tournament . Spain 's Ferrer recorded a 6-4 6-2 6-3 win over 2006 finalist Marcos Baghdatis , while Berdych of the Czech Republic eased to a 6-3 6-2 6-2 success against Austrian Jurgen Melzer .	Second seed Maria Sharapova storms past Venus Williams at Australian Open No. 4 Agnieszka Radwanska advances along with Li Na and Angelique Kerber Defending champion Novak Djokovic into round four after beating Radek Stepanek Fourth seed David Ferrer and No. 5 Tomas Berdych also through
Investigators have pieced together the movements of a missing University of Virginia student the night she went missing , with the police chief saying they believe she got into a car with a man . Charlottesville Police Chief Timothy Longo stopped short of calling the man a suspect in the disappearance of Hannah Graham , saying he was still considered "  a person of interest . " "  Let me just say this , we are interested in him , " Longo told reporters during a news conference . Graham , 18 , was last seen early September 13 in an area of Charlottesville known as the downtown mall . Using surveillance video and witness statements , authorities tracked Graham along the mall . At one point , she was seen with a man going into a bar , where he ordered a drink , Longo said . They were then seen leaving the bar together . Investigators also know the man drove away from the area in a burnt orange 1998 Chrysler coupe that was parked near the bar , Longo said . "  My point is this , people saw Hannah and people saw him , and people saw them together , " he told reporters during a news conference . " ... If you remember seeing that vehicle and you remember seeing somebody get back in it , and you remember seeing somebody drive away , then we need to hear from you . " The details were released just hours after authorities searched an apartment and a car belonging to the man . "  Is he in custody ? No , " Longo said . " ... Was there probable cause to arrest him ? No . " Longo declined to say what investigators seized during the searches . Investigators are offering a $ 50,000 reward for "  information leading to the cause " of her disappearance , police said . Graham , a sophomore , is described as a straight-A student and an accomplished athlete from northern Virginia . She 's about 5-foot-11 with blue eyes , light brown hair and freckles , the university said in a release asking for tips about the teen 's disappearance . Graham left a dinner with a group of friends around 11 p.m. last Friday . Around 1:20 a.m. Saturday , she sent a text to friends saying she was lost , CNN affiliate WTVR reported . Police believe she may have been under the influence of alcohol , Longo has said , and may have been vulnerable or unable to defend herself . Her parents attended a candlelight vigil Thursday night organized by students , which the couple described as "  extremely moving . " "  We were comforted by the evident high esteem in which our cherished daughter is held by her many friends at the University of Virginia and beyond , " John and Sue Graham said in a statement . "  We continue to be optimistic that Hannah will soon be returned safely to us . " The police chief said he has not given up hope Graham will be found . "  I will always be hopeful until we find Hannah , " he said . Graham 's parents have n't given up hope either , he said . "  They are hurt . They are concerned . They are frustrated , " he said . "  But not for one second have I discerned that they have ever lost hope they will find their daughter . " Missing nursing student 's remains found in Tennessee	Police chief stops short of calling " person of interest " a suspect Investigators have pieced together Hannah Graham 's movements Authorities believe the student got into a car belonging to the " person of interest "
EW  -- The Battle of Castle Black may have been the biggest action set-piece in "  Game of Thrones " history  and probably TV history , too  , but next Sunday 's hour of the HBO hit could be the show 's best episode ever . Titled "  The Children , " the 10th episode of the fourth season will break a narrative pattern that 's been set by the show in previous years . ` Game of Thrones ' director Neil Marshall : How he pulled off that battle Usually , the ninth episode contains a major character death or battle , and the finale is a quieter hour  by "  Thrones " standards , at least  that wraps some storylines while launching other threads for next season . Expect "  The Children " to check in with all the key characters and for some major drama to unfold . "  It 's the best finale we 've ever done , bar none , " "  Thrones " showrunners David Benioff and Dan Weiss said in a statement . "  The performances from our cast , the direction from Alex Graves , the VFX work , the new -LSB- music -RSB- cues from Ramin Djawadi -- all of it came together in perhaps the finest hour we 've produced . We 're immensely proud of ` The Children . ' And a little intimidated by the episode , because now we have to get back to the business of season five and figure out a way to top it . " ` Game of Thrones ' team on -LSB- spoiler 's -RSB- tragic death during Castle Black battle Of key interest is the fate of Tyrion Lannister  Peter Dinklage  , who was sentenced to death at the conclusion of the eighth episode . But there 's also Jon Snow  Kit Harington  marching off to assassinate Mance Rayder  CiarÃ ¡ n Hinds  , Arya  Maisie Williams  setting a new course , and you can not have a "  Thrones " finale without at least one surprise involving the dragon queen  Emilia Clarke  . Expect "  The Children " to be a longer-than-usual episode , too â $ " HBO 's schedule says the finale is 66 minutes . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Game of Thrones " showrunners say season 4 's finale is the best It 'll be 66 minutes long It will also break from the usual "  Game of Thrones " narrative pattern
CNN  -- Lawmakers drew battle lines for a fresh round of sparring over U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl after a classified briefing Monday on the prisoner swap that led to his release . Authorities released an update about his condition . And more details emerged about his time in captivity . Details about why he disappeared off a military base nearly five years ago and ended up in Taliban hands remain murky . One thing is clear : the political debate over Bergdahl 's release is showing no signs of dying down . Here 's a cheat sheet on the latest developments , based on CNN 's reporting : After classified briefing , lawmakers have ` more concerns ' Monday it was the House of Representatives ' turn to hear the Obama administration 's explanation of how it handled Bergdahl 's case , as top White House deputies tried to convince lawmakers they made the right call when they did n't notify Congress in advance about the controversial exchange of Bergdahl for five Taliban figures . But it did n't seem like many minds were changed after the classified briefing , CNN 's Dana Bash reported . "  If anything , I have more concerns , " said Rep. Peter King , R-New York . "  Probably the most distressing thing or the most disturbing thing I heard was at least 80 to 90 people in the administration were aware of this proposed deal , and yet they could n't notify anyone in Congress . " After Monday 's briefing , National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said that figure was the number of people in the administration authorized to get intelligence information about the Taliban in Qatar . "  The specifics of the detainee exchange and the related military operation were more closely held , " she said . Why was n't Congress told about the deal beforehand ? Lawmakers at Monday 's briefing said they were told concerns over possible leaks made the White House keep them in the dark over the deal . Rep. Adam Schiff , D-California , told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett : Outfront " that the White House should have told congressional leaders , even if the law gave them wiggle room . "  I think the President had the constitutional authority ... to make this decision without consulting with Congress , but I think it would have been wiser , far wiser , for the administration to have notified certainly the leadership of Congress in the interest of having good relations , " he said . "  Most of the leaks that have taken place have come from the administration and not from Congress , " he added , "  so they really should have brought at least the leadership within their confidence , and I think that was a mistake . " And that 's not all . Some lawmakers are also steamed about the terms of the deal . They say they 're worried that the five Taliban figures released could end up back on the battlefield -- a concern administration officials have downplayed in their public comments defending the deal . Do n't expect the sparring to stop any time soon . A briefing of the Senate Armed Services Committee is scheduled for Tuesday . And the real fireworks are expected to come Wednesday , when Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel is scheduled to testify before the House Armed Services Committee , where he 'll likely face questions about the administration 's decision not to seek congressional input on the deal that secured Bergdahl 's release . Bergdahl has n't spoken to his parents yet Bergdahl is "  continuing to improve every day " as he recovers at a military hospital in Germany , Pentagon spokesman Col. Steve Warren said Monday But he has n't spoken with his family yet . The "  decision to speak with the family is a decision the returnee has to make when he or she is emotionally in the right place to make the phone call , " Warren said . Doctors at Landstuhl Regional Medical Center , where Bergdahl was taken after his handover , have said he 's in stable condition but not ready yet to travel to the United States . "  There is no predetermined timeline for Sgt. Bergdahl 's recovery process , " a hospital statement said Friday . "  The duration will continue to be based on the pace of his healing and reintegration process . " When he is ready , Bergdahl will be flown to the San Antonio Military Medical Center in Texas , where he may be able to reunite with his parents . He was kept in a cage As Bergdahl recovers , details are slowly emerging about the conditions he endured during five years of captivity . Citing an American official , The New York Times reported Sunday that Bergdahl told medical staff that the box he was kept in for weeks at a time was pitch black and like a shark cage . CNN reported Friday that Bergdahl has said he was kept in a small box after trying to escape , according to a senior U.S. official , who spoke on the condition of not being identified . The official also told CNN that Bergdahl suffers from psychological trauma caused by physical abuse . A Taliban source with knowledge of Bergdahl 's captivity told CNN 's Nic Robertson on Sunday that Bergdahl escaped at one point and was on the run for three days . When he was recaptured after that attempt , according to the Taliban source , he was not punished with a cage or cell , but was taken to a more secure location where he had no chance to escape . A U.S. official told CNN last week that Bergdahl may have tried to escape his Taliban captors on at least two occasions . He wants to be recognized by his old rank The Times report added that Bergdahl has taken walks outside his hospital room while wearing his Army uniform , according to the American official . Bergdahl , who was promoted twice on schedule while in captivity , objects to being called sergeant , the Times reported . Bergdahl said he wants to be recognized by his old rank , a senior U.S. official told CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr on Sunday . Bergdahl was a private first class when he went missing on June 30 , 2009 , in Afghanistan 's Paktika province , where he was deployed with the 1st Battalion , 501st Infantry Regiment , 4th Brigade Combat Team , 25th Infantry Division . "  In his mind , he 's a Pfc , " the official told Starr . His parents have received threats The FBI is investigating threats against Bergdahl 's parents , who have not been seen publicly since sending their son messages of love through a news conference days after his release . "  We are working jointly with our state and local partners and taking each threat seriously , " FBI Special Agent William Facer told CNN in an e-mail Saturday . Facer declined to detail the nature and severity of the threats , and a military representative for the Bergdahls declined to comment . Bergdahl 's father received threats in three messages via e-mail at his home , according to a law enforcement official familiar with the contents of the e-mail . The first threat came on Wednesday , the official said , adding that FBI investigators will be tracing the messages to pinpoint who sent them . Since Bergdahl 's release , critics , including a former member of his unit , have contended that Bergdahl deserted . The Army concluded in a 2009 report that he left his post deliberately . But the Army has no definitive finding that Bergdahl deserted because that would require knowing his intent -- something Army officials ca n't learn without talking to the soldier , a U.S. military official told CNN . CNN 's Elise Labott , Barbara Starr , Kevin Liptak , Jake Tapper , Qadir Sediqi , Ed Lavandera , Devon Sayers , Shimon Prokupecz , Deirdre Walsh , Ashleigh Banfield and Chloe Sommers contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawmakers say they 're still skeptical after a briefing on Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl 's case NEW : King : "  At least 80 to 90 people in the administration were aware of this proposed deal " NEW : White House official : Specifics of the prisoner swap "  were more closely held ' Bergdahl was kept in a pitch black cage for weeks at a time
CNN  -- The World Trade Center is again the tallest building in New York one year after the killing of Osama bin Laden and more than 10 years after the attacks that brought them down . It is still a work in progress : The hulking steel structure known as the Freedom Tower is still 500 feet shorter than it will be when complete . But it is already a tribute to American resilience , a reminder that whatever devastation we face , we can still come back bigger and better than before . My wife and I live two blocks from ground zero . The transformation of our neighborhood over the past decade has been inspiring , if comparatively unheralded . The streets that were once covered in ash and smoke are now teeming with life . Lower Manhattan is the fastest-growing residential neighborhood in New York , with young families choosing to move into what had been a ghost town after dark for much of the past century . Businesses are relocating to Lower Manhattan as well , including many future tenants flocking to the Freedom Tower . Where George Washington took the oath of office , at Federal Hall , is again a vibrant crossroads at all hours . Destruction is easy . Any determined idiot can do it . Building is hard work but infinitely more interesting . It is an expression of faith in the future . We have been down a long road since the terrorist attacks of 9/11 . And too often , the daily work of rebuilding does not get its due . But it is the main event , evidence of how we honor the past while moving on with life . This past weekend , I was in New Orleans , a city that was devastated by Hurricane Katrina just seven years ago . But its heart never stopped beating , and the love it inspires as an American treasure -- "  like one long poem , " as Bob Dylan once wrote -- is stronger than ever . Bruce Springsteen closed out the first weekend of Jazzfest , and in the afternoon sunlight , he played "  The Rising , " his post-9 / 11 anthem of resilience and rebuilding . As he started to sing , a woman near me started crying . I do n't know the details of whom she lost that day , but it was a reminder of how the shadow of the past is never very far away . By the end of the song , comforted by her friends , she was again smiling through teary eyes and swaying to the music . The Rising is real , and we are living it . It is a tribute to all who we have lost and all that we have been through . Most of all , it is the result of hard work . Yes , there have been mistakes and missteps along the way . Some would say with justification that this Freedom Tower milestone has been too long in coming , bogged down in red tape . But the path is less important than the destination . It is a towering act of defiance , reaching into the sky as evidence of our refusal to live in fear . The Freedom Tower and the neighborhood springing up around it are testimonials to our continued commitment to an idea embodied by the firefighters who died there on 9/11 : We have met the worst of humanity with the best of humanity . Where others have destroyed , we will build . And we will endure . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Freedom Tower is a tribute to resilience and ability to come back better than before Lower Manhattan is growing fast , he says , and streets once covered in ash are full of life Avlon says tower shows that we will build where others have destroyed , and we will endure
East Cleveland , Ohio  CNN  -- Near the areas where the decomposing bodies of three young women were found wrapped in plastic last weekend , angry and frightened residents gather to rally and pray . "  Our women do not feel safe ! " one community leader yells . "  We will protect our families ! " yells another . The community here has been badly shaken recently . In the past several years , Cleveland 's metropolitan area has been the center of a series of grisly discoveries of missing , murdered , kidnapped , raped and mutilated women . The start of this week brought grim news to three families in East Cleveland , as each learned their beloved daughter or mother had been identified as a victim of the city 's latest accused serial killer , Michael Madison . With the discovery of the three missing women 's remains , the question is being asked often here : What 's happening to women in Cleveland ? More questions than answers in Cleveland "  We need for the president of the United States of America to bring in the National Guard to find these women , " said Kathy Wray Coleman , leader of a group called the Imperial Women . "  We ca n't do it alone . We need them to come in and find these women . " Coleman 's group was created and named after the discovery of the victims of Anthony Sowell , the so-called "  Cleveland strangler " who was convicted of kidnapping , raping , and murdering 11 African-American women . Sowell buried his victims ' battered bodies in and around his home , located on Imperial Avenue . Sowell 's victims were discovered in 2009 , though many had been missing for months , or even years . He is now on death row . Madison is a registered sex offender who has now been charged with murder in the deaths of the three women , all found near his apartment last weekend in East Cleveland . Madison , 35 , is currently being held in jail , with his bond set at $ 6 million . The investigation continues into whether there are more victims connected to him . This past May , Cleveland was also in the spotlight when three women missing for a decade were able to escape years of brutal bondage and rape in the home of Ariel Castro , who accepted a plea deal under which he will avoid the death penalty , but spend the rest of his life in prison . Fast Facts : Cleveland kidnappings Officially , 54 women currently are missing within Cleveland 's city limits , according to the city 's police department . That compares with four missing women in Cincinnati , an Ohio city of similar size . Many of Cleveland 's community activists who work to fight crime in their neighborhoods say the number of missing is much higher than the police website says . "  I would predict that 500 women are missing in the city of Cleveland and East Cleveland , " said Art McKoy , leader of a group called Black on Black Crime . Cleveland police say they are doing the best they can and acknowledge their list of missing people is incomplete and difficult to keep accurate . The list does not include missing women from neighboring East Cleveland , which has a separate police department . All across both cities , posters of the missing women can be seen , especially in impoverished neighborhoods . Minerva Tripp is one of those missing women . She vanished without a trace last August . The single mother was raising a 10-year old daughter . Minerva 's two older sisters have endured months of heartache and worry , spending endless hours searching for her . "  Not knowing where she is -- it 's a pain I ca n't even describe , " said Marcellette Love , Minerva 's older sister . "  For months I would dream of her , seeing her in the mud , in trash bags , soaked in the rain . ... I just want to have her back . I just want to see her . " Love said she thinks the police have not done nearly enough to help them find Minerva . "  On a scale of 1 to 10 , I would give them a zero , " she said . "  They have not followed leads and have not done nearly enough . " The family of Charlene Price agrees . Price , who went missing in 1997 , would now be 55 years old . "  We will not give up , we want to find her and bring her home , " said Howard Jackson III . Gallery : The faces of some of America 's missing Cleveland and East Cleveland 's officials and police defend their work over the years , but acknowledge the problem is very serious . "  In the cities combined , there are far too many people missing , " said Gary Norton , mayor of East Cleveland . Many here believe the ever-growing number of missing and murdered women is tied to the recent economic crisis . Across Cuyahoga County , home to the Cleveland metro area , about 76,000 residences are vacant , according to Census Bureau figures -- the wreckage left from the loss of jobs , and the foreclosure crisis . "  I hate to say this , but in a sense , to a large degree , we have an underclass in the city of Cleveland of those that truly are disconnected from the social fabric , from the mainstream economy and society , " said Ronnie Dunn , an urban studies professor at Cleveland State University . "  They 're left without anything to grasp onto . " Once a hub of the nation 's industrial might -- shipping out seemingly endless streams of iron , steel , machinery and automobiles from its perch on Lake Erie -- the city that once housed nearly a million people now has barely a third of that population . The crisis has gotten so serious that civilians are now doing things that are normally left to the authorities . On Wednesday , groups of local residents went into wooded areas and several abandoned homes in East Cleveland , looking for bodies or signs of missing women who might have been kidnapped or assaulted . McKoy of Black On Black Crime helped lead the search . "  The real heart of our city is our women , and if you ca n't protect our women , it 's not a city , " he said . Why are women disappearing in Cleveland ? All over the Cleveland area , fliers were posted for a missing 18-year-old named Shirellda Helen Terry , a regular at Bible study , who went missing just this month after leaving her summer job at an elementary school . On Wednesday afternoon , members of Shirellda 's family stood on roads , as they do nearly every day , handing out fliers and missing posters , calling out "  Help us find Shirellda ! " That afternoon , the family learned Shirellda was no longer missing . She was dead , positively identified as one of the three women found in East Cleveland . Hours later , family , friends and supporters gathered for a vigil at the same place where they had been searching for the young woman . "  My baby is gone , " said her father , Van Terry , as he was consoled by friends . "  That 's the reality of it all . Now , when I cry tonight , I 'm not crying hoping I find her . I know where she 's at . I 'm crying because I miss her , and now she 's gone on . " CNN 's Michael Pearson contributed to this report . Got a story idea or tip for CNN 's investigations team ? Go to cnn.com/investigate or click here to submit . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	The bodies of three missing women were found in East Cleveland last weekend The discovery comes on the heels of the captive women found alive in May Community leaders believe as many as 500 women are missing in the Cleveland area Police say they are doing the best they can to find those missing
Officials in Lauderdale County , Mississippi , have operated "  a school-to-prison pipeline " that violates the constitutional rights of juveniles by incarcerating them for alleged school disciplinary infractions , some as minor as defiance , the U.S. Department of Justice said Friday . "  Students most affected by this system are African-American children and children with disabilities , " the Justice Department said . The federal agency 's civil rights division seeks "  meaningful negotiations " in 60 days to end the constitutional violations or else a federal lawsuit would be filed against state , county and local officials in Meridian , according to a Justice Department letter dated Friday to those officials . The letter also names two Lauderdale County Youth Court judges , Frank Coleman and Veldore Young . State and local officials could n't be reached immediately for comment Friday . "  The systematic disregard for children 's basic constitutional rights by agencies with a duty to protect and serve these children betrays the public trust , " Thomas E. Perez , assistant U.S. attorney general , said in a statement . "  We hope to resolve the concerns outlined in our findings in a collaborative fashion , but we will not hesitate to take appropriate legal action if necessary . " In 2009 , the Lauderdale County Juvenile Detention Facility in Meridian was the target of a federal class-action lawsuit by the Southern Poverty Law Center that alleged children and teens were subjected to "  shockingly inhumane " treatment , the center said . The alleged mistreatment included youngsters being "  crammed into small , filthy cells and tormented with the arbitrary use of Mace as a punishment for even the most minor infractions -- such as ` talking too much ' or failing to sit in the ` back of their cells , ' " the center said in a statement . In 2010 , Lauderdale County officials and the center reached an agreement to reform the jail system and consider alternatives to sending youths to the detention center , said the Southern Poverty Law Center , a nonprofit civil rights group . "  I think this is evidence of a broken system where the most vulnerable population of kids are not receiving their constitutionally guaranteed rights , " Jody Owens II , managing attorney for the center 's Mississippi office , told CNN . On Friday , the U.S. Justice Department accused Meridian police of automatically arresting all students referred by the city 's public schools and then sending them to the county juvenile justice system , "  where existing due process protections are illusory and inadequate , " the federal letter says . The police department command staff and officers characterized their agency as a "  taxi service " for the schools and juvenile detention facility , without assessing the circumstances of the alleged charges against students , the Justice Department said . "  The Youth Court places children on probation , and the terms of the probation set by the Youth Court and DYS require children on probation to serve any suspensions from school incarcerated in the juvenile detention center , " the Justice Department letter said .	U.S. Justice Department accuses Lauderdale County of violating rights of pupils Federal officials : Juveniles accused of school offenses are jailed , not given due process African-Americans and children with disabilities are most affected In 2010 , the county settled a separate class-action suit and pledged juvenile justice reforms
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Martina Hingis has been given a two-year ban after testing positive for cocaine , the International Tennis Federation announced on Friday . Hingis must forfeit $ 130,000 prize money and ranking points earned at Wimbledon and subsequent events . The 27-year-old Swiss player was found to have tested positive for a metabolite of cocaine while competing at Wimbledon last year , the ITF said in a statement published on its Web site . At the time the allegations first surfaced last November , Hingis dismissed the test results , calling the claims "  horrendous " and "  monstrous . " However , following a two-day hearing last month , an independent anti-doping tribunal confirmed the test results , the federation said . The tribunal rejected the suggestion made on Hingis ' behalf that there were doubts about the identity or integrity of the sample attributed to the tennis star , the statement said . The former world number one spent three years out of the sport before returning to the tour in 2006 , and won three titles in Kolkata , Roma and Tokyo . The federation said Hingis would have to repay $ 130,000 prize money and ranking points won since last year 's Wimbledon . The federation said the ban would commence from October 1 , 2007 . Hingis , a five-time Grand Slam champion and former Wimbledon winner , announced her retirement from the sport at the time the allegations emerged . "  I have no desire to spend the next seven years fighting doping officials , " she told a press conference in Zurich at the time . "  I 'm frustrated and angry because I believe I 'm 100 percent innocent and accusations such as these do n't provide me with the motivation to continue , " she added . WTA chief executive Larry Scott said in a statement : "  We are saddened by this news as Martina has meant so much to fans the world over and made many positive contributions to the sport . " But he insisted that the WTA Tour fully supported the tribunal . "  We support and will enforce the ruling of this independent tribunal under the Tennis Anti-Doping Program , " he added . Hingis has three weeks to appeal the decision . E-mail to a friend	Martina Hingis is suspended for two years after testing positive for cocaine Hingis retired on November 1 after revealing the positive test at Wimbledon The Swiss must forfeit prize money from Wimbledon and later tournaments
CNN  -- For the past decade , millions of Americans have passed on the biggest football game of the year to watch something way cuter -- "  Puppy Bowl . " By now it 's an established fact : Television does n't get much more adorable than puppies . "  Puppy Bowl , " Animal Planet 's alternative programming to the NFL 's Super Bowl , is the sublime result of pairing a bunch of wiggly puppies -- 66 , in fact -- with squeaky toys and a mini-stadium set . Add a "  rufferee " and a kitty-filled halftime , and every floppy tackle or slobbered-on football inspires an unintelligible burst of baby talk and giggles . That 's the power of puppies ! Ahead of this year 's most big game , we take a look at Puppy Bowl 2014 , by the numbers . 10 -- Number of Puppy Bowls on Animal Planet , including this year . "  Puppy Bowl X " premieres at 3 p.m. ET and PT February 2 . 2 hours -- Official length of each year 's "  Puppy Bowl . " 6 -- Times it 's replayed on Super Bowl Sunday . It 's not really a 12-hour show ! 12.4 million -- Total number of Puppy Bowl IX viewers in 2013 . 2.6 million -- Average number of viewers during "  Puppy Bowl IX " in 2013 . 1.1 million -- Average number of viewers during the blackout of Super Bowl XLVII in 2013 . 5.58 million -- Viewers who watched "  Puppy Bowl I " on February 6 , 2005 . 36 -- Puppies in Puppy Bowl X 's starting lineup . 12-18 weeks -- Age range of the puppies in the starting lineup . 37 -- Adoption agencies and shelters that provided the puppy players . 12-15 -- Number of puppies on the "  field " at a time . This is one of several good Puppy Bowl statistics we found from Ad Age.com . 19 x 10 feet -- Area of the Geico Puppy Bowl stadium . 30 -- Percent increase in ad revenue so far this year over last year 's Puppy Bowl . 3 -- Guinea pigs watching from the "  blimp . " 30 -- Kittens performing a "  domino topple " during the halftime show . More than 34 million -- Views on YouTube of the "  Original Keyboard Cat " that was first posted in 2007 . A new version will be performing during Puppy Bowl X. Almost 26,000 -- Meep the Bird 's Twitter followers . As the social media correspondent for the Puppy Bowl , Meep will send out tweets during the game . Get it ?!! Almost 300,000 -- Tweets mentioning the Puppy Bowl IX Twitter users sent during its two-hour premiere in 2013 . 49 -- Animal Planet crew members on the job during this year 's bowl . 103 -- Total number of hours of footage shot for Puppy Bowl X. 1995 -- The year Dan FitzSimons created "  The Puppy Channel , " 24 hours of puppies . It has since moved online , at ThePuppyChannel.com . Be honest : Will you be watching the Super Bowl ... or Puppy Bowl ? Share your preference in the comments , on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living 's Facebook page !	Puppy Bowl 2014 features 66 puppies traipsing the gridiron This year 's Puppy Bowl kitten halftime features keyboard cat Last year 's Puppy Bowl drew 2.6 million viewers
CNN  -- A Miami man is in a swampy situation after he was caught trying to trade a live alligator for beer at a Florida convenience store . Fernando Caignet Aguilera , 64 , was cited by officials December 10 after he trapped the 4-foot alligator at a nearby park and brought it to the Santa Ana Market , according to Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission spokesman Jorge Pino . Aguilera then walked up to the counter asking for a 12-pack of beer in exchange for the alligator . The clerk called Miami police instead . Pino told CNN that never in his 25-year career in law enforcement has he heard of a person capturing an alligator for the purpose of exchanging it for alcohol -- or anything , for that matter . Saying Aguilera apparently needed to "  quench his thirst buds , " Pino called the incident an "  extremely unusual situation , and a sad situation for the alligator . " The alligator was unharmed and returned to the wild by wildlife officials , Pino said . Aguilera was not injured in the process of trapping and transporting the gator . He 's been charged by wildlife officials with taking possession and selling an alligator , which is a second-degree misdemeanor . He faces up to six months in jail and a $ 500 fine . Pino was unsure if Aguilera requested a specific brand of beer .	Man traps small alligator in Florida park , tries to exchange it for beer The alligator was unharmed and returned to the wild by wildlife officials Man faces up to six months in prison and a $ 500 fine
CNN  -- Three people died Thursday when a medical helicopter crashed in western Tennessee , the Federal Aviation Administration said . The helicopter had dropped off a patient in Jackson , Tennessee , and was returning to Brownsville , Tennessee , about 30 miles west of Jackson , when the crash was reported , said FAA spokesman Lynn Lunsford . Tennessee Emergency Management Agency spokesman Jeremy Heidt said the crash occurred shortly after 6 a.m. Three people were initially reported to be on board the helicopter , Lunsford said . All three were believed to be fatalities , as the aircraft -- a Eurocopter AS350 -- was burned , he said . Investigators were en route to the scene of the crash , a field near Brownsville , Lunsford said . CNN affiliate WMC-TV said the helicopter was operated by Hospital Wing . The organization identifies itself on its Web site as the Memphis Medical Center 's air ambulance service . Hospital Wing said in a statement , reported by WMC-TV , that the crash occurred just east of Brownsville , and that three crew members and no patients were on board . The National Transportation Safety Board and the FAA are investigating , the statement said . "  Nothing like this has ever happened in our history , " Allen Burnette , Hospital Wing 's director and chief operating officer , said in the statement . "  A weather report said there were thunderstorms in the area , but that they had passed , Lunsford said . "  The big weather system moving through had stopped a few moments before . " Officials believe the helicopter was operating under a visual flight rules plan and not communicating with air traffic controllers , he said . Visual Flight Rules , or VFR , mean a flight is conducted under visual conditions . "  There are operating guidelines in any aviation operation , but ultimately the pilot is responsible for  the  safety of  the  aircraft and deciding whether to go forward or not , " Lunsford said . Hospital Wing was founded in 1985 , the group 's statement said , and is a nonprofit air medical transport service with direct alliances with the Methodist Le Bonheur Healthcare , Baptist Memorial Hospital , The MED , St. Francis Hospital in Memphis and Crittenden Memorial Hospital in West Memphis , Arkansas . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	Helicopter dropped off a patient in Jackson , Tennessee , and was returning to Brownsville Three crew members , no patients were on board Officials think copter was using visual flight rules , not communicating controllers
New York  CNN  -- A fast-food worker whose run-in with two unruly customers was captured on cell phone video last month will not be indicted on assault charges , prosecutors said Saturday . A grand jury voted against indicting Rayon McIntosh , who was seen allegedly swinging a metal object against two patrons at a McDonald 's restaurant in Manhattan 's Greenwich Village . He had been charged with felony assault , according to Joan Vollero , spokeswoman for the Manhattan district attorney 's office . The grand jury reviewed evidence and testimony over 11 days , said Vollero . The incident occurred at the restaurant on West 3rd Street in the early morning of October 12 , and seemed to begin when the cashier questioned a $ 50 bill the women gave him , according to the video . The two women responded by hurling obscenities at McIntosh . One of them then appeared to reach over the counter and slap his face , the video showed . From there , one woman was seen climbing over the counter , sending the cashier running toward the kitchen area . The other woman is then seen walking around to join her friend . The cashier reappears with what police described as a metal object and repeatedly takes swings at the women . Restaurant patrons can be heard screaming for him to stop , while other employees are seen trying to intervene . The video , one minute and 10 seconds long , shows the cashier taking swings at the women as many as 10 times as they lie behind the counter . "  Stop ! Stop ! " one woman screams . "  Stop it ! Call the cops ! " The two women suffered lacerations to their head and face and were taken to a hospital , police said . One of the women suffered a fractured skull and a broken arm , according to a complaint filed by the DA 's office . Authorities identified the women as Denise Darbeau and Rachael Edwards , who authorities say each face pending charges of menacing , criminal trespassing and disorderly conduct . "  This was clearly a legally and morally unjustified attack on my clients , " said Harold Baker , an attorney for the women in denouncing the grand jury decision . "  Inappropriate behavior in the United States of America is not supposed to be met with deadly force . " Calls to McIntosh 's attorney were not returned . CNN 's Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	Rayon McIntosh will not be indicted , prosecutors say Saturday His run-in with two unruly customers was captured on cell phone video Denise Darbeau and Rachael Edwards face pending charges
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  An American missionary in Nigeria has been kidnapped in what authorities call a "  purely criminal " act . Kogi state Police Commissioner Adeyemi Ogunjemilusi says five men kidnapped the woman from her workplace and are demanding a ransom of 60 million Naira  $ 301,500  . The Free Methodist Church has identified the woman as the Rev. Phyllis Sortor , a missionary based at the Hope Academy compound in Kogi state . Kogi state is located away from the areas where Boko Haram operates , making it likely that the kidnapping is not related to terrorism . But there is also the possibility that an offshoot group could have kidnapped Sortor , or that she might be sold to another group . Police have not said if they suspect a certain group or band of criminals . Sortor was kidnapped on Monday , Ogunjemilusi said . The U.S. Embassy in Nigeria and the FBI have been notified of the incident , the Free Methodist Church said . Sortor runs a nongovernmental organization that educates nomadic Fulani children , the police commissioner said . According to her biography on the church 's website , Sortor is the financial administrator of Hope Academy . "  A special friendship with a clan of nomadic Fulani has given Phyllis the opportunity to open additional schools for Fulani children and their parents , " the website says . The commissioner said five men scaled the wall of the school where Sortor 's office is and "  whisked her away , " jumping back over the wall and fleeing to the nearby mountains . Two of the men were masked , and they fired shots into the air to scare people away during the kidnapping , Ogunjemilusi said . CNN 's Christian Purefoy reported from Lagos and Mariano Castillo wrote the story in Atlanta . CNN 's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	An American aid worker is kidnapped in Nigeria The kidnappers are demanding a ransom
CNN  -- Both people who died of swine flu in the United States had pre-existing health problems , federal health authorities said Thursday in a report . A student uses disinfectant as she arrives Thursday at the National Technical Institute in Mexico City . The 22-month-old child who died April 27 of the flu , also called H1N1 , had neonatal myasthenia gravis , an autoimmune disease , said the report , which was written by a virus investigation team at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and published online in the New England Journal of Medicine . The child -- who was from Mexico and who fell ill while visiting relatives in Texas -- also had a heart defect , problems swallowing and chronic hypoxia , the report said . The 33-year-old Texas woman who died last week was pregnant when she became ill , the article said . She had been diagnosed with asthma , rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis . The details came in a summary of the 642 confirmed cases of H1N1 infection that were diagnosed between April 15 and May 5 in 41 states among patients ranging in age from 3 months to 81 years . Sixty percent were 18 years or younger and 18 percent had recently traveled to Mexico , the report said . It said that 36 of the 399 patients with confirmed H1N1 infection whose hospitalization status was known had been hospitalized . Of the 22 hospitalized patients for whom data were available , four were younger than 5 . Nine had chronic medical conditions , some of which included Down Syndrome and congenital heart disease . Seven patients said they had traveled to Mexico during the week before onset of illness . Eleven of those 22 hospitalized patients had pneumonia and eight patients were treated in an intensive care unit . Four were placed on ventilators . As of Tuesday , 18 of the 22 patients who had been hospitalized had recovered , it said . In a conference call with reporters , CDC 's Dr. Carolyn Bridges said epidemiologists would be scrutinizing the disease 's spread in South America , where the cool season is set to begin . Flu virus "  prefers lower humidity and lower temperatures for transmission , " she said . "  We 'll be looking closely to the Southern Hemisphere during their winter to see what happens . That may give us some clues as to what to expect . " Brazil 's health minister told reporters Thursday that four cases of H1N1 infection have been confirmed in Brazil . Three have been hospitalized and one is at home , said Health Minister Jose Gomes Temporao . One case is in Rio de Janeiro , two are in Sao Paolo and the fourth was in Minas Gerais in southeastern Brazil . Two of the patients had recently been in Mexico City ; the other two had recently been in Florida , he said . Another 21 cases are suspected in Brazil , he said . In Buenos Aires , Health Minister Graciela Ocana confirmed Argentina 's first H1N1 case -- a man who arrived April 25 from Mexico . The man was hospitalized in the capital and released after he recovered , Ocana said . The ultimate course of the disease remains unclear , said Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , who is involved in the effort to create a vaccine . "  We may be seeing the tip of the iceberg , " he told CNN . "  We ca n't make any definitive projections about where this is going . It appears to be acting like a typical seasonal flu , only it 's out of season . We should n't be seeing this much influenza and it 's with a new virus and that 's the cause fo the concern . " Asked when a vaccine might be available , he said , "  We hope to get doses by mid - to late fall . " Journalist Fabiana Frayssinet in Rio de Janeiro and Brian Byrnes in Buenos Aires contributed to this story .	Pre-existing conditions contributed to deaths of U.S. victims , officials say CDC report summarizes 642 confirmed cases of H1N1 infection Most hospitalized patients have recovered , report says Brazil reports four cases of H1N1
CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai dismissed calls for negotiations with the Taliban , saying neighboring Pakistan is the key to peace talks with the insurgency , the presidential press service said in a statement Saturday . "  The people of Afghanistan say ` president , you have called for peace but peace with who ? ' " according to the statement . "  I do n't have another answer for them , except to say that it is Pakistan we have to approach . We can not find Mullah Omar . Where is he ? We do n't know where the Taliban Shura is . " The comments came the same day Afghanistan 's intelligence service said it provided evidence that the assassination of former Afghan President Berhanuddin Rabbani was planned by the Taliban council in Quetta , Pakistan . Rabbani , who was spearheading the reconciliation process with the Taliban , was killed in a suicide bomb attack at his home on September 20 . Police said the bomber claimed to be a Taliban member who had come for the talks about peace and reconciliation and detonated the explosives as he entered the home . "  We have given the evidence to the Pakistan Embassy in Afghanistan to cooperate with us , " Lutfullah Mashal , Afghanistan 's intelligence service spokesman , told reporters . "  We have concrete evidence that  Taliban council in Quetta  was responsible for killing the head of the peace council . " Among the evidence turned over to Pakistani officials were photographs , documents , maps and the location where Rabbani 's killing was planned , Mashal said . Long an enemy of the Taliban , Rabbani was a controversial choice when appointed by Karzai as chairman of the High Peace Council a year ago . He was forced to flee Kabul when the Taliban took over in 1996 , but he continued to lead resistance to the regime from his stronghold in Faizabad in northern Afghanistan . Rabbani 's death shocked the war-torn country , undermined the fledgling peace initiative and stoked fears of renewed ethnic conflict between Pashtuns and others , such as Rabbani 's ethnic group of Tajiks . Karzai believes any negotiations must be conducted with Pakistan since the enemy "  sanctuaries and operating places " are there , the statement said . In the statement , Karzai condemned insurgent attacks launched from Pakistan 's volatile tribal area that borders Afghanistan . "  We also condemn the attacks on Nuristan and Kunar from Pakistan , and have asked the Foreign Ministry to use emergency diplomacy and contacts to stop these attacks , " the statement said . The comments by the Afghan president follow ones made by U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen , who said last week that the Haqqani network -- which has carried out a number of high profile terror attacks in Afghanistan -- acted "  as a veritable arm of Pakistan 's intelligence . " Pakistan 's prime minister has rejected Mullen 's accusations . Western counterterrorism officials believe that contrary to Pakistan 's assertions , the Haqqanis rely on Pakistani territory -- specifically the tribal areas of North Waziristan and the Khurram agency -- to organize , resupply and raise funds . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Matiullah Mati and Ruhullah Khapalwak contributed to this report .	New : Afghans have "  concrete evidence " that an assassination was plotted in Pakistan , an official says New : Afghans turn over photos , documents and maps to Pakistan Embassy , the official says New : Karzai condemns attacks launched from Pakistan 's volatile tribal regions Talks must be conducted with Pakistan since enemy sanctuaries are there , Karzai says
New York  CNN  -- For the second time in a month , a man has been shoved to his death in front of a train on a New York City subway platform , police said . The New York Police Department on Friday identified the victim as Sunando Sen , 46 , of Queens . Police are searching for a woman seen running from an elevated station for the No. 7 train in Queens on Thursday evening , Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said in a statement . According to witnesses , the woman was pacing the platform and talking to herself shortly before pushing the man onto the tracks as the 11-car train entered the station . The man 's body was pinned under the second car after it came to a stop . Police describe her as a heavyset woman in her 20s , wearing a ski jacket and sneakers . Security video shows her running from the scene shortly after 8 p.m. Thursday . Sen 's roommate , Ar Suman , 33 , told CNN on Friday that after living together for over a year they had become like "  family . " "  I came home and I heard this happened , " said Suman , "  I am feeling very bad . " Sen owned a shop called New Amsterdam Copies and was a graphic designer for posters , according to Suman . In early December , Ki-Suck Han , 58 , was shoved onto the tracks in a Times Square station as a train approached . Naeem Davis , 30 , a homeless man , has been charged with second-degree murder in that case . CNN 's Jesse Solomon and Rande Iaboni contributed to this report .	NEW : The victim has been identified as Sunando Sen , 46 , of Queens The assailant paces , then pushes the man onto the tracks , police say It 's the second time in a month someone has been pushed in front of a train in New York City
San Francisco  CNN  -- Apple rolled out a high-definition iPad on Wednesday with a faster processor , a better camera and a display screen that promises to be dramatically sharper than the current model , the iPad 2 . "  It is amazing , " Apple CEO Tim Cook said at a San Francisco unveiling . "  We 've taken it to a whole new level , and we are redefining the category that Apple created with the original iPad . " The new 9.7-inch display screen will feature a "  retina display " of 2047 by 1536 pixels , compared with the current model 's 1024 by 768 pixels . To break it down , that 's a total of 3.1 million pixels on the display screen . "  Your retina in your eye can not discern those individual pixels , " said Apple Senior Vice President Phil Schiller . "  The images on it look stunning . " The new iPad will be available in the United States and 9 other countries March 16 and cost the same as the iPad 2 -- from $ 499 to $ 829 based on storage capacity and Wi-Fi capacity . Pre-orders were opened at Apple 's online store on Wednesday . The new version will be available in the U.S. on AT&T and Verizon and will be the first iPad to connect to 4G networks  a fact that , at least for now , remains academic in most cities  . It also will go on sale Friday in Australia , Canada , France , Germany , Hong Kong , Japan , Puerto Rico , Singapore , Switzerland , the UK and the U.S. Virgin Islands . "  This new iPad has the most wireless bands of any device that has ever shipped , and it is truly revolutionary , " Schiller said . And the new iPad will be the first to run on 4G wireless networks , a source familiar with the device 's specifications told CNNMoney on Wednesday . It will have a a 5-megapixel camera , representing a significant leap from the current iPad 's so-so lens . Surprisingly , "  the new iPad " was as close to a name as Apple gave the gadget Wednesday . Predictions had bounced back and forth between "  iPad 3 " and "  iPad HD " before the event . But the announcement ended without an official name being announced . Whether that means Apple plans to abandon an iPhone-like naming routine  iPhone , iPhone 3G , iPhone 3GS , iPhone 4 , iPhone 4S  in favor of occasional upgrades to "  the iPad " remains to be seen . On Wednesday , Cook also announced an updated version of Apple TV , the company 's Web-TV integration device that competes with products like Google TV , Roku and Boxee . The system supports 1080p , or "  Full HD " high-definition video , up from the current model 's 720p . It will be available for $ 99 starting next week and could pave the way for what 's expected to be Apple 's next project : a fully integrated high-definition television . "  Across the year , you 're going to see a lot more of this kind of innovation , " Cook teased at the end of Wednesday 's event . "  We are just getting started . " When the iPad was introduced in early 2010 , tablets already existed , but none had become popular with mainstream consumers . Some analysts wondered if there would be a market for a device that falls somewhere between a smartphone and a laptop but does n't fully replace either . The answer was a resounding "  yes . " The company has sold more than 55 million iPads worldwide to date . Before his death in October , Apple co-founder Steve Jobs predicted that 2011 would be the "  year of the copycat " in the tablet space . In large part , it was , and that was bad news for Apple 's rivals , as competitors from HP to Samsung to Motorola tried unsuccessfully to offer a viable alternative to the iPad . The new iPad will arrive in a somewhat trickier landscape . By going smaller and simpler , Amazon made a splash with its Kindle Fire over the holidays , while rival bookseller Barnes & Noble countered with its popular Nook Tablet . Both devices start at $ 199 . The new Acer Iconia A500 offers more memory than the iPad 2 , while other companies have begun flooding the market with devices that are smaller and cheaper than Apple 's standard-bearer . Just last week , Microsoft rolled out its Windows 8 operating system for tablets , suggesting that Windows-based tablets could be making a serious run . In a move perhaps designed as a shot at these rival upstarts , Cook announced Wednesday that the price on the iPad 2 will be slashed $ 100 . So , a 16GB , Wi-Fi-only model will sell for $ 399 , making it more competitive with the lower-end tablets . Apple surprised many observers last year when the iPad 2 was priced the same as the original iPad : ranging from $ 499 to $ 829 , depending on 3G capability and storage capacity . Cook also announced Wednesday that the 25 billionth app has been downloaded from the App Store . Perhaps significantly , that app was downloaded in China .	NEW : Apple unveils a high-definition iPad The device is the third version of its market-leading tablet It will display 2047x1536 pixels , a huge leap Device goes on sale March 16 for same prices as iPad 2
CNN  -- A new species of catfish discovered in a river deep in a South American jungle has an ingenious way to avoid being a snack for giant piranhas . Instead of camouflage , its body is covered with bony spines to deter potential predators . Nicknamed the "  armored catfish , " it is just one of 46 species researchers believe could be new to the scientific community , according to a new report from Conservation International . During a three project in 2010 , scientists were joined by indigenous people from villages in southwest Surinam to documented nearly 1,300 species along the Kutari and Sipaliwini Rivers that lie in one of the most inaccessible forests in the world . As well as the armored catfish  that was saved from being lunch for one of the scientists ' guides  , a large tree-frog , eight freshwater fish and dozens of new insects were identified . Other species were seen that are thought to be unique to the area , including the "  Great Horned Beetle , "  a blue dung beetle the size of a tangerine , and the "  Pac-Man Frog " that has a mouth as wide as its body . "  The area was paradise for the entomologists with spectacular and unique insects everywhere , " said Dr. Leeanne Alonso , of Global Wildlife Conservation , who was part of the research team . "  I did n't even have to look for ants because they jumped out at me . Other scientists were equally impressed with the amazing diversity of birds and mammals of the region . You can really get up close to wildlife here -- a camera trap recorded a jaguar about one hundred yards from our camp . " The research was part of Conservation International Rapid Assessment Program  RAP  that aims to record biodiversity and promote conservation across the world . Dr. Trond Larsen , director of RAP said : "  As a scientist , it is thrilling to study these remote forests where countless new discoveries await , especially since we believe that protecting these landscapes while they remain pristine provides perhaps the greatest opportunity for maintaining globally important biodiversity and the ecosystems people depend upon for generations to come . "	Scientists believe 46 new species found in southwest Suriname Conservation International expedition was to remote jungle region Fish , frogs and dozens of insects among new animals discovered
After nearly 40 years on the throne , King Juan Carlos I of Spain said Monday that he will be stepping down . It is "  time to hand over to a new generation -- younger , with a lot of energy -- that can , with determination , take on and carry out the changes that the current situation demands , and to face with intensity and determination the challenges of tomorrow , " he said in a televised statement , according to a CNN translation . "  The long , deep economic crisis we are going through has left a lot of scars socially , but it has also pointed toward a future of hope , " he said . Crown Prince Felipe , 46 , will succeed his father . The King said he decided it was "  time to prepare and pave the way so that he who is in better conditions can continue . " Prince Felipe is "  stable " and has "  the maturity , the preparation , and the sense of responsibility necessary " to serve as king and "  to lead to a new stage of hope using his experience and the drive of a new generation , " King Juan Carlos added . Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy first announced the King 's decision . Spaniards generally hold King Juan Carlos , 76 , in high regard for his service to the nation and his defense of democracy after the death of the dictator Francisco Franco in 1975 . But the King 's popularity took a hit in 2012 over a controversial elephant-hunting trip to Africa while the nation was mired in a deep economic crisis . The focus of his reign was to bring about reconciliation between Spaniards of different political persuasions and from different regions . Many consider the King 's finest hour to be his decisive stand to halt a right-wing military coup in 1981 , when he went on television to say that the monarchy would not tolerate attempts to interrupt democracy by force . Some push for end of monarchy Thousands of people demonstrated in Madrid and elsewhere , calling for an end to the monarchy altogether after the announcement Monday . They waved flags and chanted : "  La monarquia es una porqueria ! " In English , that phrase means "  the monarchy is garbage . " On the global campaign website Avaaz.org , a petition calling for a referendum on the future of the monarchy quickly racked up more than 100,000 signatures . Most were from people indicating that they were in Spain . "  This is a historic opportunity to promote a broad public debate to help regenerate our democracy and determine the future of the monarchy , " Luis Javier wrote in the petition . The call was echoed on Twitter , with some users also posting photos of elephants , saying they were celebrating the King 's abdication . Retirements of monarchs  and a pope Oversaw democracy 's return Born in Rome in 1938 , Juan Carlos did n't set foot in Spain until he was 10 . In Franco 's Spain , he carried out military training and became the first Spanish officer to hold the rank of lieutenant in all three branches of the military . In 1969 , he was invested as crown prince and the designated successor to Franco . On November 22 , 1975 -- two days after Franco 's death -- Juan Carlos was crowned king of Spain , restoring the monarchy after a 44-year interregnum . In 1977 , he enacted political reforms that led to Spain 's first democratic election since 1936 . During his reign , Spain grew into an economic powerhouse and a vacation playground for Europe . The King and Queen Sofia had three children and numerous grandchildren , styling their monarchy as accessible and relatively austere . Juan Carlos : All you need to know Hunting trip dented image The private trip to Botswana in 2012 became public only after King Juan Carlos fell , broke his hip and was rushed back to Madrid for surgery . With millions of Spaniards unemployed , the expense of the African trip caused an outcry . That prompted the king to make a rare apology in which he said he had made a mistake that would not happen again . The King had previously expressed his concern about the impact of the crisis on Spaniards and called on the nation to come together to get through the tough times . Other recent scandals have also damaged the monarchy 's image . Princess Cristina , the king 's youngest daughter , is caught up in a tax fraud and money laundering investigation . She and her husband , Inaki Urdangarin , have denied any wrongdoing over his business dealings and the alleged diversion of public funds . The scandal has created unprecedented problems for the royal family and kept the country riveted . There have been open calls for the King to abdicate in favor of Prince Felipe , who is seen as untouched by the scandals . Belgium 's King Albert II gives up throne to son	Some Spaniards rally , calling for an end to the monarchy It is "  time to hand over to a new generation , " the King says in a televised statement Crown Prince Felipe will succeed the King Many feel King Juan Carlos ' finest hour was a stand against a coup
Ruidoso , New Mexico  CNN  -- For 15 years Kari Greer has been documenting wildland fires and the men and woman who battle them . "  I 'm a trained firefighter ; photography is my tool , " she says . "  It 's my service on the line . " In college Greer studied photography but spent her summers fighting wildland fires as a seasonal firefighter . After graduation it was an easy fit to combine her two skill sets . "  The bug bit , and I developed a kind of passion for it . " She now photographs fires from the front lines under contract with the National Interagency Fire Center , the federal outfit that supports wildland firefighting efforts . Her photos are available to the public and the news media and are used to train firefighters and to help better coordinate firefighting efforts . "  There are many tools in the tool box for fighting fire and showing what fire is all about , " Greer says . "  It 's kind of a mysterious creature . My tool is that I 'm able to document that and present it to the people , to the public . When the fire is going on in their backyard , they are able to see what 's happening , what 's really going on out there . " Related story : Wind , heat my hamper Colorado firefight As a fully certified wildland firefighter , Greer is able to safely move throughout an active fire to places most photographers could not safely travel . Like the rest of the firefighters she sleeps in a tent and generally works a 16-hour day , often for weeks at a time . She carries her Olympus E-3 camera and the rest of her photo gear and a full complement of safety equipment , including a fire shelter -- last ditch protection should fire overtake her team . "  When I 'm in the middle of an active fire -- right over the shoulder of a firefighter who is actively fighting that fire -- I feel like I 'm right there with him experiencing it , and my whole focus is to show the activity what 's going on , " says Greer . "  Why are they doing this , how are they doing this ? I feel the heat , I feel the smoke , my eyes are watering with everybody else 's and I 'm sweating , probably pretty badly , and getting very nice and dirty . " Watch more about Greer and see more of her photos There is an easy camaraderie among the firefighters -- often captured in Greer 's photos . Despite the hard work and brutal conditions it 's not uncommon to see firefighters smiling and enjoying each other 's company in the middle of a fire , even as they remain focused on their work and staying safe . "  It 's kind of a nice brotherhood and sisterhood , " she says . "  It 's like a family . You 'll see people you see maybe once in five years . You 'll run into them in one corner of the country and five years later you 'll see them again , and it 's like you pick right back up where you left off . " There are two sets of characters in Greer 's photos : the fire and the firefighters . The good guys against the bad guy . The intensity of the fire comes through in her photos , but so does the passion , skill and commitment of the firefighters . "  I think it helps people develop an understanding of the situation and how firefighters are working , " says Greer . "  They are highly trained doing a job that is difficult in a chaotic situation and they are doing their very best to manage it . "	Kari Greer shoots wildland fire photos for National Interagency Fire Center "  The bug bit and I developed a kind of passion for it , " she says While on the job , she usually sleeps in a tent and works a 16-hour day
