New York  CNN  -- This weekend 's Iraqi election is testing the strength of the nation 's young democracy and could be a turning point in the history of the Middle East , says analyst Fareed Zakaria . In the March 7 election , Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's coalition in the Iraqi parliament is seeking to win enough votes to keep him in office for another term . On Thursday , a series of insurgent attacks led to the deaths of 29 people in the city of Baquba . Zakaria said the election could have a lasting impact : "  It might be the turning point in the rise of Iraq in the Middle East . Iraq is one of the largest , most important countries in the Arab world . It has the third or fourth largest petroleum reserves in the world . Even now it has $ 40 billion in oil revenues every year ; it has a well-trained army thanks to the Americans . "  It is perhaps the beginning of a return to prominence in the Middle East . It is possible that 10 years from now we 'll look back and say , while everyone was obsessing about the rise of Iran , the real story in the Middle East in these years was the rise of Iraq . " The Obama administration plans to withdraw all combat troops from Iraq by the end of August , leaving 50,000 Americans in advisory roles , who will leave by the end of 2011 . Zakaria , author and host of CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS , " spoke to CNN on Thursday . Here is an edited transcript : CNN : What 's at stake in the election ? Fareed Zakaria : This is really the first genuine election Iraq will have since the American invasion . It is only the second time that Iraq is having an election for the full parliamentary term . And the first one had limited Sunni participation . There was a lot of violence surrounding it , and so it had a kind of air of abnormality to it . This is coming after a pretty stable period both politically and economically and also a period of very spirited campaigning , and so it has the potential to really consolidate Iraqi democracy and Iraqi political stability . But a lot will depend on what happens , not in the election itself , but right after . CNN : Why should Americans pay particular attention to what 's happening with this election ? Zakaria : Two reasons : First if Iraq is able to achieve some degree of consolidation in terms of its democracy , it will add dramatically to its political stability , which is of course the most important condition that will allow American forces to continue their withdrawal down to zero combat forces or close to zero combat forces , as President Obama has hoped . And the second is , if Iraq is able to consolidate as a democracy , it will mean there will have been some success in Iraq that we can point to for the vast investment and the vast expenditure of blood and treasure that the United States has put in . I 'm not saying that you can make an easy statement that this justifies the invasion , I 'm simply saying that there will be a very strong positive outcome in Iraq that will at least be set against the cost . And that positive outcome is that Iraq will be the first Arab country to have a genuine functioning democratic system with a free press , open economy and that is something of a revolution in the Middle East . CNN : How is the election shaping up ? Zakaria : The most important part is what happens after the election . What you really have to watch is not how the winners are treated , but how the losers are treated , because Iraq has yet to demonstrate that it can handle the issue of minority rights properly . The Sunnis who were once the ruling elite are now somewhat marginalized . The Kurds have their own difficulties with the Baghdad government . The Christians have been very substantially persecuted in many different ways and often , very sadly , killed . So what Iraq has to demonstrate is that the majority , which will inevitably be largely Shia , has the capacity to give some form of representation to the various minorities within Iraq . Iraq has to show that it understands that democracy is not just majority rule but pluralism and inclusion for the various minority groups . . That 's a very important point because while the Sunnis are the minority in Iraq , they are the majority everywhere else in the Arab world . So when Arabs look at Iraq , right now what they see is a kind of majority tyranny . CNN : Are you seeing any signs that the Shia majority is fully open to the kind of embrace of minority rights you 're talking about ? Zakaria : The most important sign is that the Shias have not consolidated as one bloc , so there are now various Shia groups , some of which are inclined to this kind of inclusion . Others are not . But at least it gives the voters choices , and the group that seems to be doing second best in the polls after Prime Minister Maliki 's group is headed by Ayad Allawi , a former prime minister . He is a very secular-minded guy who has a lot of appeal to Sunnis , has Sunni partners in his coalition at very high levels and represents a very different kind of Shia politics , much more secular , much more inclusive . It 's also worth saying that the Sunnis are not trying to resort to violence as a routine matter the way they were four or five years ago . They seem to understand that their path to rehabilitation lies in politics , not in civil war . Somebody once said to me , you will know the Iraqi insurgency is over once the Shia understand that they have won and the Sunnis understand that they have lost . And I think both those conditions have now been fulfilled . CNN : What 's the impact of the violence we have seen so far ? Zakaria : Minimal , because the violence has not been particularly dramatic . Look , Iraq is now an open society . It 's very difficult to protect every café and every bus station , but most importantly it is not having much effect in deterring people from voting . When all is said and done , violence in Iraq is down 95 percent from 2006 . While it 's unfortunate , it is not debilitating . CNN : What 's the potential impact of the elections on relations with Iran ? Zakaria : One of the things that I 've noticed is reports that are coming out that Iranian agents who used to spend a lot of time in Iraq are actually less present there than they had been in the past . That is perhaps in large measure because they 're back in Iran trying to quell and counteract the green movement there . A consolidated government in Iraq with new legitimacy is going to be an Iraq that is less amenable to pressures from Iran . CNN : Based on where we are right now , how do you think history is going to judge the American invasion ? Zakaria : We spent about a trillion dollars in Iraq , not to mention the loss of blood , which is tragic of course . Not just the Americans but many more Iraqis . So in the long arc of history was this worth it ? You probably do need a little more time and perspective , and you do need to see how it turns out . But I think we could be heartened by the fact there are things we can place on the positive side of the ledger to balance the enormous costs that both the Iraqis and the Americans have paid . CNN : What impact do you think the election will have on the Obama administration 's plan to withdraw troops from Iraq ? Zakaria : The greater the political stability in Iraq , the easier it will be for the withdrawal to proceed apace . Right now I do n't see a major obstacle to continuing the withdrawal . But on my Sunday program , David Petraeus hinted for the first time that there could be an arrangement reached with the Iraqi government under which a small contingent of American troops stay in Iraq for a longer period of time .	Iraq holds a key parliamentary election March 7 Fareed Zakaria says this is a test of the vibrancy of Iraq 's democracy He says it will be crucial for Iraq to show that rights of minorities will be protected Iraq could emerge as a more powerful nation and a model for democracy in the Arab world
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- A new boatload of Rohingya refugees washed up on the shores of Thailand early Tuesday , raising questions about the type of treatment they would receive . Male refugees show scars they say were caused by beatings at the hands of the Myanmar navy . The boat was carrying about 78 people , Thai police said , and many had severe burns from a fire that broke out on board . Most were members of neighboring Myanmar 's Rohingya minority , which has been fleeing persecution by the country 's hard-line government for years . Other members of the Rohingya have allegedly been abandoned at sea after being rounded up by Thai authorities . A recent CNN investigation found evidence that the Thai military towed hundreds of refugees into open waters only to abandon them . CNN obtained several photos of this activity including one photo that shows the Thai army towing a boatload of some 190 refugees far out to sea . CNN also interviewed a refugee who said he was one of the few that survived after his group of six rickety boats were towed back to sea and abandoned by Thai authorities in January . Watch Dan Rivers ' BackStory on the investigation " The Thai army has denied this allegation , while the Thai government has launched an inquiry . But one source in the Thai military , after extensive questioning , did confirm to CNN that the Thai army was operating a dump-at-sea policy . The source defended it , insisting that each boatload of refugees was given sufficient supplies of food and water . That source claimed local villagers had become afraid of the hundreds of Rohingya arriving each month , accusing the refugees of stealing their property and threatening them . That source claimed local villagers had become afraid of the hundreds of Rohingya arriving each month , and that they were accusing the refugees of stealing their property and threatening them . The Rohingya , a minority in Myanmar , have been fleeing their country in make-shift boats for years in search of a better life , and maintain that they are fleeing persecution by the regime in Myanmar , formerly Burma . The Thai government maintains that "  there are no reasonable grounds to believe " that the Rohingya are fleeing Myanmar out of fear of persecution . "  Their profile and their seasonal travel further support the picture that they are illegal migrants , and not those requiring international protection , " it said in a statement released Tuesday by the foreign ministry . In that statement , the Thai government maintained that its policies in dealing with all illegal migrants are in accordance with its laws and international guidelines . It said "  basic humanitarian needs " are given to the migrants before they are returned home . "  We have upheld our humanitarian tradition and ensured that new arrivals are adequately provided with food , water and medicines , with necessary repairs to their boats , " the ministry 's statement said . The government noted that Thailand has already been inundated with as many as 20,000 illegal migrants -- most of them Rohingyas -- and "  accepting those arriving in an irregular manner would simply encourage new arrivals . " The government "  categorically denied " media reports blaming Thai authorities for mistreating the illegal migrants , and intentionally damaging their boats . It said it would seriously investigate such cases if any "  concrete evidence " is presented . -- CNN 's Dan Rivers and Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	The latest boat was carrying about 78 people , Thai police say Thai army denies setting refugees adrift ; government has launched an inquiry Thailand : No grounds to believe Rohingya fleeing Myanmar out of fear of persecution Statement added that "  basic humanitarian needs " are given to the migrants
CNN  -- A Michigan woman who won the lottery but continued to receive food assistance from the state government has had her benefits pulled , officials said . Amanda Clayton hit it big playing the Michigan Lottery . Like many winners , she used her $ 1 million prize to buy a new house . But the Lincoln Park , Michigan , resident continued to receive money in another form -- $ 200 a month in state food assistance , according to CNN Detroit affiliate WDIV . Her story made headlines , and on Thursday , the state 's Department of Human Services announced that she is no longer getting the benefits . According to Michigan law , welfare recipients must report any changes in assets or income to the agency within 10 days . The department "  relies on clients being forthcoming about their actual financial status . If they are not , and continue to accept benefits , they may face criminal investigation and be required to pay back those benefits , " Director Maura Corrigan said in a statement . She said the agency supports new legislation that would verify whether lottery winners receive state benefits . "  I thought that they would cut me off , but since they did n't , I thought , maybe , it was OK because I 'm not working , " Clayton , 24 , told WDIV when it asked whether it was appropriate for her to receive the money . A state lawmaker is trying to stop such assistance , which is not illegal . He says the food assistance should not go to those who have found riches through the lottery . "  We need to continue to protect our taxpayers ' dollars ... and taxpayer dollars should be going to those who really do need assistance , " Michigan Rep. Dale Zorn of Ida Township told HLN 's Vinnie Politan on Wednesday . In October , Clayton walked away with $ 1 million in the "  Make Me Rich ! " lottery game show . She also bought a car , WDIV reported . After taking a lump sum and paying taxes , the unemployed woman said she ended up with just more than $ 500,000 . Asked if she had the right to the public assistance money , Clayton answered , "  I kind of do . I have no income , and I have bills to pay . I have two houses . " Zorn said the state House has passed bills on the matter . One would require a state agency to conduct an assets test if a citizen wins more than $ 1,000 in lottery earnings . "  That will trigger whether or not the people are eligible to receive public assistance . " The legislature has not approved any final measures . Clayton told WDIV she had wanted to continue using a food-assistance card until it is cut off . "  It 's hard . I am struggling . "	NEW : A Michigan woman who won a $ 1 million lottery prize is no longer receiving food aid NEW : Agency says it "  relies on clients being forthcoming about their actual financial status " Lottery winner said she was unemployed and "  struggling " A state lawmaker wants assistance for such winners ended
CNN  -- A giant freighter disabled in high and frigid seas near Alaska 's remote Aleutian Islands could be under tow by late Saturday , officials said . The 738-foot Golden Seas , with a full load of canola seed , suffered engine problems Friday morning and was chugging along at only 3 knots  3.5 mph  . The 20-member crew and rescue officials were concerned about it running aground on Atka Island , but weather conditions have improved , the U.S. Coast Guard said . The Golden Seas was about 50 miles north of the island late Saturday afternoon . Winds in the 40 - to 50-knot range were expected to fall to 30 knots  35 mph  . "  The safety of the crew is paramount . At the current time they are not in any danger , " Jeremy Michels , responsible party incident commander , said in a teleconference . The vessel , owned by the Greek company Allseas Marine , was traveling from Vancouver , British Columbia , to the United Arab Emirates . Besides the seed , the Golden Seas has more than 450,000 gallons of crude oil , 11,700 gallons of diesel and 10,000 gallons of lube oil on board , the Coast Guard said . A tow vessel were expected to arrive late Saturday and the Coast Guard cutter Alex Haley will be on scene Sunday morning . Plans call for the Golden Seas to be towed to Dutch Harbor , about 270 miles away . The operation will be challenging because of high seas , officials said . If it goes as planned , the Golden Seas could reach port by Monday morning . The Golden Seas got a respite from punishing seas Friday when waves dropped from 29 feet to 20 feet , "  allowing the crew to utilize limited engine capability to maneuver northeast away from land , " the Coast Guard said in a statement . Seas were expected to be at between 16 feet and 20 feet Sunday . Helicopters aided the effort to keep the freighter from drifting southeast and running aground on Atka , part of the Aleutian Islands in the Bering Sea . Concerns about the vessel running aground and spilling oil subsided Saturday , said Gary Folley of the Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation . The state and U.S. Coast Guard are conducting a risk assessment of rescue operations in the region , said Folley . The study will include a look at possible funding to add more rescue tugs on the islands . "  It is enough to have -LSB- one -RSB- rescue tug in Dutch Harbor ? " Folley asked . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Weather conditions improve The freighter suffered engine loss off the Aleutian Islands Rescue aircraft and vessels are assisting the crew A Coast Guard cutter and towing vessel race to the scene
CNN  -- Two high-profile political officials linked to Guinea-Bissau 's recently assassinated president were killed Friday , according to a statement from the West African country 's interim army chief . The killings raised fears that a military coup may be under way . Guinea-Bissau Prime Minister Carlos Gomes Jr , left , and interim President Raimundo Pereira are currently out of the country . The military confirmed the killings of former Defense Minister Helder Proenca and presidential candidate Baciro Dabo , saying the men were killed because they were plotting a coup against the current government . The military said several members of the ruling party have been arrested on allegations of taking part in the plot , which included a plan to assassinate the current prime minister and the interim president , according to the statement from interim army chief Zamora Induta . However , the move by the military has raised fears that the military itself is plotting to take over the government , particularly since the arrests and killings took place while Prime Minister Carlos Gomes Jr. , interim President Raimundo Pereira , and defense minister Artur Da Silva are out of the country . President Joao Bernardo Vieira , 69 , was assassinated on March 2 during an attack on the presidential palace . The attack happened a day after Gen. Tagme Na Waie , chief of Guinea-Bissau 's military , was killed in a bomb explosion in his office . The army and Guinea-Bissau 's president clashed in the months prior to Vieira 's assassination . Guinea-Bissau , a former Portuguese colony , has a history of military coups .	Two former allies of Guinea-Bissau 's assassinated president killed , military says Military says pair were plotting against government ; some fear military plans coup President Vieira assassinated March 2 in attack on presidential palace Former Portuguese colony has a history of military coups
The first thing to remember about federal government shutdowns is that they do not matter very much . History does not now recall the three Democrat-led shutdowns during the Carter administration over using Medicaid dollars to fund abortions , even though their combined 28 days will almost certainly dwarf the Great Impasse of October 2013 . Even the most famous modern shutdown , the 21-day Newt Gingrich/Bill Clinton standoff of 1995-96 , had effects that were felt most acutely by comparatively well-off federal workers , not their taxpayer bosses . A recent Congressional Research Service summary of that event included among its headline impacts stuff like "  National Institute of Standards and Technology was unable to issue a new standard for lights and lamps that was scheduled to be effective January 1 , 1996 , possibly resulting in delayed product delivery and lost sales . " Probably the worst thing back then was that passports for Americans and visas for foreigners went unprocessed for three weeks , taking a temporary bite out of the tourism industry . So when President Barack Obama says the shutdown will "  throw a wrench into the gears of our economy " and put "  the American people 's hard-earned progress at risk , " it is appropriate to treat such claims with skepticism . As we saw during the run-up to the March 1 sequestration trims in federal spending , politicians are incentivized by self-interest and unconstrained by shame in maximizing the hyperbole about what may happen if their ability to collect and redistribute our money is impeded even a little bit . None of this , however , means that the shutdown is good politics . On that score , all recent public opinion research is unanimous : It is n't . As a Quinnipiac University poll released Tuesday concluded , "  American voters oppose 72-22 % Congress shutting down the federal government to block implementation of the Affordable Care Act , or Obamacare . " All summer and early fall , Republicans have played a good political hand badly . Americans do n't like federal spending levels , do n't like increasing the debt ceiling unaccompanied by spending cuts , are souring on President Obama and continue to be lukewarm at best toward his signature legislative accomplishment . This would suggest broad political support for keeping day-to-day federal spending levels  at most  as is , attaching some cuts to the inevitable debt-ceiling increase , and using the October 1 rollout of the Affordable Care Act as a teaching moment toward crafting policy and politics for legislative reform and eventually replacing it . Instead of focusing on those popular means to achievable ends , Republicans spent this political season attempting a Hail Mary pass with a broken throwing arm . Trying to defund Obamacare through deadline negotiations in the House of Representatives is not only massively unpopular , but -- even according to some of the most influential backers of the project -- probably doomed from the start . It appears unlikely at this writing that our latest government shutdown will end with much more than a relatively insignificant medical-device tax tweak to go along with yet another budgetary can-kicking exercise . By that time , it is plausible to assume , public opinion toward Republican negotiators will have further eroded , making it harder to get debt-ceiling concessions . Everyone , everywhere , will declare the whole sorry episode bad for America . But is it really ? Despite the soul-killing grotesqueness of divided-government brinkmanship , there are some potential upsides even to this dreary saga , particularly for those of us who prefer our government limited . For starters , closing down Washington provides one of the only occasions to have a national discussion of what is and is not "  essential " government work . At a time when entitlements , pensions and debt service will be swallowing ever-larger slices of the budgetary pie at all levels of government for as far as the eye can see , this is an exercise we 'll all soon have to master . Shutdown politics from 2011 and earlier this year also produced something many people thought they 'd never see : a year-over-year trim in Defense Department spending signed onto by the Republican Party . As Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , has observed , you can not hope to limit the size of government if you do not also find some military spending to cut . Sequestration was the first in what will have to be many more such steps . Even the maddening and deeply irresponsible budgetary governance by continuing resolution has produced a desirable result through undesirable means : an effective flat-lining of government spending .  Or as The Cato Institute 's Daniel J. Mitchell puts it , "  the federal government in the past two years has been wasting money at a slower rate . " So , you do n't have to squint too hard to see some positive side-benefits of D.C. dysfunction . But that does n't make it any less desultory . This year , for the first time since 2009 , both the Senate and the House of Representatives fulfilled their legal requirement in passing an annual budget . It 's long since time to supplement this minimal stab at responsibility with the legislative next step : a conference committee to hash out a compromise for consideration from the president . If our federal government must careen from crisis to crisis , the least it can do is push the deadlines out to every 12 months . There are too many actually interesting things going on in this country to waste our energy watching professional hucksters argue over our money .	Matt Welch : Government shutdowns have n't mattered much in past , nor will this one He says it 's been bad politics for GOP , which played a good political hand badly He says GOP spent energy on Obamacare instead of focusing on spending issues Welch : But shutdown does open welcome discussion on what 's "  essential " spending .
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A veteran of over 20 years of mountain climbing , Dave Bunting has been in some pretty tight scrapes . Soldier mountaineer Dave Bunting on Mount Everest . His team tried to summit via the mountain 's notorious West Ridge in 2006 . He and his climbing partner once watched in terror as a huge avalanche careered down a Himalayan mountainside straight for them . They were miraculously spared when the wall of snow parted on either side of the promontory where they were standing at a distance of just 50 meters . On another occasion he spent an agonizing night hanging precariously over a 3,000-foot  900 meter  drop during an electrical storm in the Alps . He estimates he was electrocuted "  half a dozen times " during the course of the night . Faced with the fearsome power of nature mountaineers like Bunting rely on one indispensable ally -- other mountaineers . Teamwork is essential in climbing . The first successful ascent of Everest was as much about the bond of trust that existed between modest New Zealander Sir Edmund Hillary and his diminutive Sherpa , Tenzing Norgay , as their individual talents . To illustrate this point , when Bunting -- a warrant officer in the British Army -- was compiling a team of soldiers to attempt an ascent of Everest 's notorious West Ridge the first quality he and the rest of the selection panel looked for was not climbing expertise , but compatibility . "  A lot of people think that when you go and do something like that , you immediately look for all the best climbers in the army , " he says . "  But what we based our selection process on , compatibility was first . " Of course , all team sports rely upon a strong dynamic between the individual members . But there can be few disciplines in which the stakes are as high as in mountain climbing , where your life often literally rests in someone else 's hands . Bunting , 40 , led the expedition of 21 army mountaineers to Everest 's West Ridge two years ago . It was a daunting undertaking . Of over 2,200 climbers who have made it to the top of the world 's tallest peak since it was first conquered , only 19 have done so via this route . The ridge is rarely attempted because of its steepness and because its position leaves it exposed to high winds and the risk of avalanche . The army 's summit attempt took three and half years in the planning and preparation and was the subject of a documentary , ` Everest : Man v Mountain . ' Much of this build-up involved establishing strong bonds between team members . Practice climbs , social events and corporate-style teambuilding days were all employed to try to instil an atmosphere of mutual trust within the group . An essential factor on a mountain as significant as Everest , Bunting says . "  You are massively wrapped up in emotions there because you 've spent three and a half years preparing for it , " says Bunting , who now runs his own outdoor events company in the Bavarian Alps . The prestige of getting to the top of Everest can sometimes blur a climber 's moral judgement , leading to acts of single-mindedness that border on the downright callous . During the same season as Bunting 's army expedition , David Sharp , a 34-year-old British climber died of cold , exhaustion and lack of oxygen on his descent from the summit . As details of Sharp 's death became public it emerged that 40 climbers had passed him , making no attempt to save the stricken climber as he lay stranded in the scant shelter of a rock alcove on the mountain 's northeast ridge . The incident drew much soul-searching in the mountaineering world , with Sir Edmund Hillary complaining to New Zealand 's Otago Daily Times of the "  horrifying " attitudes it revealed . "  On Everest  a lot of people are out for themselves completely , " says Bunting . He says this selfish streak is exacerbated by the fast turnover of commercial climbing expeditions , which often meet for the first time just a couple of weeks before a summit attempt , meaning there is little opportunity to build team morale . By contrast , among Bunting 's army mountaineers the needs of the group were always put before personal ambition . He gives an example : "  As we went for the summit there were a number of support teams , one of whose job it was to break trail from base camp right the way up to 7,500 metres , clambering through two foot of snow . "  Each step you take at those altitudes is absolutely horrendous . There 's a clip in the documentary of one of the lads breaking trail , every step up to his knees in snow , and you hear him say : ` Well , this is our job so we 've got to get on with it . ' "  A brilliant demonstration of teamwork . " The biggest test of this togetherness came when Bunting was left the unenviable task of telling his team of ambitious young soldiers he was abandoning the summit attempt because of a high risk of avalanches . "  Two or three of the guys were pretty pissed off , to be honest . "  Instead of getting wrapped up in emotions -- because Everest is a very emotional place -- I looked at it in very black and white terms . I could n't risk sending my team up the mountain with that kind of real and present danger involved . " This clear-headed thinking meant his team braved one of the most dangerous climbs in the world and made it back down again , together .	Army officer Dave Bunting recruited a team of 21 soldiers to summit Everest The 2006 attempt was via the mountain 's notoriously dangerous West Ridge They spent over three years preparing by building cameraderie and team spirit Bunting says personal ambition can sometimes get the better of climbers on Everest
CNN  -- Dozens of protesters were injured Sunday by Yemeni security forces as thousands packed into anti-government demonstrations , witnesses and medical personnel said . Witnesses said some others were arrested , but officials said they were released within hours . In Sanaa 's Change Square , Yemeni security forces shot live ammunition at protesters , injuring 11 , witnesses and field medical teams said . All 11 had gunshot wounds , witnesses said . Two of the injured are in serious condition , medical staff at the square said . "  We were being shot at directly , " said protester Abdullah Kulaibi . "  Security forces were trying to kill us and not disperse us . " Yemeni officials have repeatedly denied accusations of targeting peaceful protesters . Witnesses said at least 20 protesters were arrested Sunday . A security official said they were released about two hours later . The official asked not to be identified , as he is not authorized to speak to the media . Field medical teams in Sanaa said some of the releases came because the detainees needed medical treatment after inhaling tear gas . One medical team member , Osama Qurashi , said those who were seriously impaired were taken to nearby hospitals , while the rest were taken to a field medical hospital set up in Change Square . For weeks , demonstrators have taken to the streets calling for President Ali Abdullah Saleh to step down . In Dhammar province on Sunday , more than 45 anti-Saleh protesters were injured when security forces sprayed tear gas to disperse them , eyewitnesses said . Security forces also attacked some demonstrators with batons , injuring at least five , according to the medical staff at Change Square in Dhammar . The latest marches against Saleh 's regime came as the opposition Joint Meeting Parties sent a delegation to Saudi Arabia , where mediators are hoping to broker an agreement . Opposition officials told CNN their delegation was traveling to hear the ideas of the mediators , not to make an offer to the Yemeni government . Some protesters in Yemen said whatever transpires at those talks wo n't change their stance . "  Any negotiations that does not force Saleh to leave office will be rejected , " said Shaef Saboor , a human rights activist in Sanaa . Sanaa 's main roads were flooded with crowds estimated by eyewitnesses as being in the tens of thousands pushing for a revolution -- most of them women , according to eyewitnesses . "  Every day the number will grow . Today more females than males are protesting , thanks to Saleh 's attack on women protesters , " said Ameera Abdul Jabbar , a female activist in Sanaa . In a speech given Friday , Saleh said women who were protesting were violating Yemeni cultural norms that prohibit women mixing with men who are not direct relatives . His comments angered many activists .	11 protesters have gunshot wounds , witnesses said Witnesses : More than 45 protesters injured when security forces sprayed tear gas The Yemeni government has denied targeting peaceful protesters
CNN  -- When Pinterest exploded onto the scene , enthusiasts could barely contain their excitement over pages upon pages of pastel , lace-trimmed , sugar-sprinkled DIY deliciousness . It was the manifestation of our collective consciousness of intended crafts . We spent hours pinning , as if the action itself were a legitimate replacement for actual creation . Who does n't want to know how to make Skittles-infused vodka  "  Vomit the rainbow "  or create an anytime jersey dress out of an oversized T-shirt ? Again , we were n't exactly creating most of these items , but knowing they were safely tucked away within meticulously organized virtual boards was enough to make us feel like creative maestros . For parents , Pinterest took things to a whole ... ` nother ... level . One could pass days falling down the rabbit hole of ideas spanning every milestone of child rearing . From the time-lapse pregnancy photo montage to gender-reveal cupcakes to lunchbox hand-pies shaped like baby octopi , Pinterest left no familial event untouched . Suddenly , a rumbling in the distance . An overwhelming tide began to rise . It 's not that these ideas were overly complicated . There were just so many of them . All demanding attention , crying out for a voyage to the craft store , begging to be manifested into fruition . What 's wrong with using tech to distract kids ? Initially , I 'd managed to stay on the shore and watch Pinthusiasts sink or swim from a distance . Pinterest did n't infect me during any of the traditional gateway holidays like Christmas or Halloween  did you know both of these holidays now require wreaths ?  . It got me with the Tooth Fairy . When I was kid , the Tooth Fairy , if the wench remembered to come all , would leave a quarter . Maybe 50 cents if she was having a good year . A 2012 survey reported that American parents give their children $ 3 per tooth , so even considering 20 years of inflation , my fairy was obviously from the wrong side of the tracks . When I was a child , my mom was studying to become a dentist . Maybe to her , the idea of celebrating calcified structures separating from mouth tissue seemed like overkill . These days , a quick "  Tooth Fairy " search on Pinterest will result in thousands of ways to turn what should be a very simple transaction into an event worthy of a Disney score . I 'm not sure what it is about this specific milestone that had me feeling all romantic , but I knew Pinterest would be the place to go for inspiration . By the time my oldest daughter 's first tooth was threatening to wriggle free , I 'd hyped up the Tooth Fairy significantly . "  What do you think she 'll bring ? I hope it 's not money . I do n't like money , " she said as I pulled her comforter to her chin . "  Me too ? " my 3-year-old worriedly asked from her bed across the room . "  I 'm not sure what she 's going to bring . And she never forgets little sisters , " I explained . Eventually , the tooth fell out during breakfast . Unfortunately , as the day went on , the business of life combined with my chronic tendency to procrastinate proved more powerful than the Pinterest-derived Tooth Fairy extravaganza I 'd planned . I did n't remember the Fairy 's scheduled visit until I woke up with a massive start at 2 a.m. the next day . I 'd dropped the ball . My mind started to race with ideas . Perhaps the gas station around the corner had candy ... wait no , the Tooth Fairy would n't give candy ; that 'd be like a doctor handing out Big Macs . And do I really want to get on the road at 2 a.m. when the bars are closing ? What if there are drunken drivers ? I do n't want to go down as the first Pinterest-related death . I began opening every closet in my home , searching the pantry for something that I could pass off as a gift from an enchanted forest warehouse . I found a few mini candy canes , but no , the tooth fairy would clearly be non-denominational . Maybe I could make sandwiches shaped like hearts and keep them in the fridge -- no , the present is supposed to be under their pillow . Shaved turkey slices on whole wheat have no place in a child 's bedding ; even I know that . I finally found some snack mix that I was sure my kids had n't seen before . Combined with a few chocolate chips ... that 's something the Tooth Fairy would whip together in her Middle-Earth kitchen , right ? As I prepared the melange and dumped it into sandwich bags , I got a distinct mental picture of a jury of Pinterest moms in cardigans shaking their heads at me while knitting stuffed animals . "  Groceries ? Really ? " their leader said . She was wearing a T-shirt dress . It looked amazing on her . I glanced down sheepishly at my work . The bags looked like something you 'd sneak into a movie theater to save $ 5 . Not magical enough . I closed the bags with craft twine and finished the whole debacle with wrapping paper . What about a note ? There are hundreds of pins featuring little notes written with what I can only assume are calligraphy pens . People even make matching miniature envelopes . It was almost 2:30 . No time for that . After I 'd dropped the packages , being careful not to wake the children  how would that go ? "  Oh I was just seeing the Tooth Fairy out ... "  , I still felt uneasy . You 're only a kid once . It 's fun to believe in this nonsense . I decided to take it up a notch by sprinkling some pink glitter by their bedsides and made a trail all the way to the upstairs bathroom window . No , I had n't been drinking or using recreational drugs . It just felt right at the time . By now , I was so tired that I was having a semi-out-of-body experience and felt like I really was the Tooth Fairy . Glitter clean-up ? I 'd have one of the lesser fairies take care of it the next day . It will be good for their rÃ © sumÃ © s . About 3 a.m. , I remembered seeing a website where you can superimpose pictures of a fairy on a photo of your sleeping child . Knowing that nothing would traumatize my youngest daughter more than a visual of an otherworldly creature walking on her face while she lay unconscious , I took a photo of a windowsill upstairs instead . For the low price of $ 7 , I added what looked like a crouching Barbie doll wearing a cheap prom dress and wings . As I lay in bed , I created an elaborate backstory of how I 'd managed to take the photo with my iPhone right before she spit in my face for scaring her . Come morning , the children were as excited as could be to find their plastic food bags beside their beds . "  There is fairy dust everywhere ! " they shouted from upstairs . The photo was the icing on the cake . I 'm still trying to decide what the Tooth Fairy will bring the next time she pays a visit . Maybe a gift card .	Honest Toddler 's Bunmi Laditan says Pinterest has created unrealistic expectations She managed to avoid the holiday Pinterest craze but succumbed with the Tooth Fairy In a blast of creativity , Laditan decorated her kids ' room with snacks and glitter She says the kids ' reaction made the effort worthwhile but set a high bar
New York  CNN  -- It was the most vivid , and unexpected , confrontation of Wednesday 's State of the Union address . It happened when President Obama said this : "  Last week , the Supreme Court reversed a century of law to open the floodgates for special interests -- including foreign corporations -- to spend without limit in our elections . " In the audience , Justice Samuel Alito , President Bush 's second appointee to the Supreme Court , could be seen shaking his head and saying , it appeared , "  Not true , not true . " Who 's right ? As for what the court decided in Citizens United v. FEC , Obama seems to be right -- mostly . In a 5-4 decision , written by Justice Anthony Kennedy and joined by Alito , the court held that corporations , labor unions and other organizations had the right under the First Amendment to spend unlimited amounts of money to influence the outcomes of elections . If a corporation now wants to saturate the airwaves for or against any candidate for office , including on the eve of the election , it now has the Supreme Court 's say-so to do it . Obama was on shakier ground when he said foreign companies now had the same unlimited rights to participate in our elections . The court 's opinion very carefully said it was not deciding the issue with regard to foreign entities . So the court may yet give the green light to these foreign companies -- but it has n't done so yet . On the larger question of whether Alito should have expressed himself in this restrained but unmistakable way , I 'm with the justice . Attending the State of the Union has always been an awkward duty for the justices -- sitting through these political addresses and wondering when it 's appropriate to applaud or react . Gloves come off after Obama rips ruling When the president is paying tribute to the armed forces , or making an otherwise uncontroversial point , the justices usually join in the clapping ; when the point is more political -- like the one Obama made about Citizens United on Wednesday -- the tradition is for the justices not to react . But it 's wise to remember that the justices are human beings , with strong views on many subjects , including their own decisions . When Obama was criticizing the court 's work  as was his right  , Alito had the right to react the way anyone would who had taken a shot in a high-profile setting . In my book , even a Supreme Court justice -- even at the State of the Union -- is entitled to grimace and mutter .  It is worth noting that Alito does seem to have an ax to grind with Obama . As a senator , Obama voted against Alito 's confirmation , which the justice does not seem to have forgotten . When the President-elect Obama made a courtesy call on the justices shortly before his inauguration last year , Alito was the only member of the court not to attend . Still , it 's worth remembering who is likely to have the last word in this confrontation . In his speech , Obama went on to say about the court 's opinion , "  Well , I do n't think American elections should be bankrolled by America 's most powerful interests , or worse , by foreign entities . They should be decided by the American people , and that 's why I 'm urging Democrats and Republicans to pass a bill that helps to right this wrong . " The president and the Congress can try -- but it is the court that will have the last word on evaluating whether any new law is constitutional . And Alito , who is 59 years old with life tenure , will likely be passing on the validity of laws long after Obama has left office . As Justice Robert Jackson said of the court many years ago , "  We are not final because we are infallible , but we are infallible only because we are final . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Toobin .	Jeffrey Toobin says a comment by President Obama led to an awkward moment He says Justice Samuel Alito seemed to disagree on Obama 's take on campaign finance ruling Toobin says Obama was mostly right on the result of recent court decision He says Alito also was right to express his view ; justices are human beings
CNN  -- Nate Ball , an MIT-trained mechanical engineer , wants to find out how things work -- even when they 're inside his throat . A two-time NCAA All-American pole-vaulter , former host of a PBS show , entrepreneur and co-founder of a company -- Atlas Devices , which creates powered rope ascenders -- Ball is also a beatboxer . He manipulates his voice to make deep , baritone sounds and robotic noises . He fluctuates from quick staccato beats and deep bass to buzzes and record-scratching sounds . "  Beatboxing is one of the most natural things I can imagine a person doing , " he said . "  We 're rhythmic beings through and through . We walk in rhythm , our hearts beat in rhythm . " Ball 's philosophy is that human bodies are "  incredible machines capable of amazing beauty . ... The possibilities are endless , " he said at TEDMED , a conference about great ideas in health care in October . "  When I 'm beatboxing , it 's fun to add elements : scratching like a record , there 's beats , talking while you 're doing a beat -- which is not easy to do on the fly , " he said . "  That 's what beatboxing is all about . It 's about putting together all the crazy noises you can possibly manage and making it sound cool . " Other than being fun , Ball wondered : How does it all work ? To figure out what 's happening inside his brain , he went inside an fMRI , an imaging machine that can show brain activity through blood flow . When he performed a beat from memory , his brain activity was different from when he improvised . When he created a beat on the fly , the brain activity in the prefrontal cortex , which is involved in self-monitoring , shut down . But other networks in his brain activated , including the cerebellum , which handles motor coordination , and and the temporal lobe , which is involved in auditory perception and emotional response . But Ball wanted to find out more -- What 's happening inside his throat to form those sounds ? To get a closer look , he had a fiber optic camera lowered through his nose to investigate at TEDMED . This was n't his first time getting a laryngoscopy . With the camera inside his body and an image projected onto the big screen , Ball continued to beatbox . The camera showed it was n't only the vocal cords that help to create sounds . "  Making the robot voice , I thought my vocal cords were vibrating , flapping at a low frequency , " Ball said . When he growled or let out a deep hum , his arytenoid cartilage and other tissues nearby his vocal cords also vibrated . "  It 's fascinating and captivating and gross , " he said . The video is not for the squeamish , since you can see lots of human tissue and saliva . But it shows how the human body works . "  It 's this thrilling edge of discovery , " he said -- even when it 's inside your own body .	Nate Ball wanted to see how his body is able to beatbox At TEDMED , he had a laryngoscope lowered into his larynx Ball said human bodies are incredible machines with endless possibilities
Washington  CNN  -- More than 42 years after Air Force Chief Master Sgt. Richard L. Etchberger died on a Laotian mountaintop , President Barack Obama on Tuesday awarded him the Medal of Honor , saying , "  It 's never too late to do the right thing . It 's never too late to pay tribute to our Vietnam veterans and their families . " Etchenberg 's three sons were at the White House for the ceremony . For decades they did n't know about their father 's heroism . Cory Etchberger was in third grade in 1968 , when he was told that his father had died in a helicopter accident in Southeast Asia . At age 29 he learned the truth , when the U.S. Air Force declassified his father 's story . "  I was stunned , " he told CNN during a visit to his hometown of Hamburg , Pennsylvania . During the Vietnam War , U.S. troops were n't supposed to be in neutral Laos , so Richard Etchberger and a handful of colleagues shed their uniforms and posed as civilians to run a top secret radar installation high on a Laotian cliff . Called Lima Site 85 , it guided U.S. bombers to sites in North Vietnam and parts of Laos under communist control . "  Dick and his crew believed they could help turn the tide of the war , perhaps even end it , " said Obama . The North Vietnamese wanted to eliminate the installation , and early on the morning of March 11 , 1968 , its soldiers succeeded in scaling the 3,000-foot precipice and launching an attack . Timothy Castle , of the CIA 's Center for the Study of Intelligence , wrote the book "  One Day Too Long : Top Secret Site 85 and the Bombing of North Vietnam . " He calls Etchberger "  a hero . " Castle said Etchberger , a technician , picked up an M-16 rifle , which he barely knew how to use , and ferociously protected his colleagues . One of them was Stanley Sliz . "  I got hit in both legs , " Sliz remembered , "  and everybody was screaming and hollering , but they were n't able to get close because of Etch firing at them . " John Daniel still has scars from the shrapnel wounds he got that day . "  He  Etchberger  was the only one that did n't get injured in the firefight , " Daniel recalled . "  They kept throwing grenades and shooting , and we kept picking up hand grenades and throwing them , or kicking them to the other side of the mountain . " When a helicopter flown by CIA-affiliated Air America arrived to evacuate them , Etchberger braved enemy fire to load three wounded comrades , including Daniel and Sliz , onto hoists . "  Thank God for Dick Etchberger . If it was n't for him , I would not be alive today , " Daniel told CNN . Etchberger made it onto the chopper alive and unwounded . But as it began to pull away , enemy shots rang out . Sliz said he saw a splotch of red , and realized the man who had saved his life had lost his own . One round had hit Etchberger and killed him . "  I live it every day , " said Sliz . "  I live it every day . It haunts me . " President Obama said Etchberger "  lived the airmen 's creed -- to never leave an airman behind , to never falter , to never fail . " Shortly after Etchberger 's death , he was secretly awarded the Air Force Cross for bravery . He was recommended for the Medal of Honor , but then-President Lyndon Johnson rejected the idea , fearing it would expose the U.S. military 's activities in Laos . A few years ago an airman who had never even known Etchberger wrote his congressman asking that the matter be reconsidered . Said Obama , "  The greatest memorial of all to Dick Etchberger is the spirit that we feel here today , the love that inspired him to serve ... the love for his country and love for his family . " The president noted that the same love motivates troops serving today , "  And as Americans , we remain worthy of their example ... by remaining true to the values and freedoms for which they fight . " CNN 's Jim Spellman , Sara Weisfeldt and Floyd Yarmuth contributed to this report .	Richard Etchberger is awarded the military 's highest award for bravery He was posted in Laos during the Vietnam War Etchberger is credited with saving the lives of three wounded comrades He was shot and killed after he saved his fellow airmen
CNN  -- The number of suspected heat-related deaths reported by health officials across the South and Midwest in the past week reached at least nine Wednesday as temperatures continued to hit triple digits . The health department of Kansas City , Missouri , said Wednesday that the Jackson County Medical Examiner was investigating the city 's fourth suspected heat-related death since Friday . In Tennessee , Shelby County Medical Examiner Karen E. Chancellor said a 77-year-old man was found dead Tuesday evening in his Memphis home . His death resulted from natural causes , but heat was ruled to be a contributing factor . In Bartlett , Tennessee , a 67-year-old man collapsed in his yard Friday while mowing the lawn , Chancellor said . He died from chronic illnesses but heat exposure was ruled to be a contributing factor . In Mississippi , a 48-year-old Gulfport man died of heat exposure Monday , according to the county coroner . The man was working on road construction and "  had cramped in the upper extremities , " said Jackson County , Mississippi , Coroner Vicki Broadus . "  It was his first day on the job as a concrete smoother . " And an 81-year-old Monroe County , Mississippi , woman also died of heat stroke on Saturday , said Monroe County Coroner Alan Gurley . The Alabama Department of Health said one man died of heat exposure last week . No other information was available . The National Weather Service said heat advisories and excessive heat warnings are in effect from the southern and central plains through the lower Mississippi and Tennessee river valleys . The heat index -- what the temperature feels like when combined with the humidity -- is soaring across much of the South . CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said that at 10 a.m. Wednesday the index in Memphis , Tennessee , was at 108 degrees ; Little Rock , Arkansas , was at 106 ; and Jackson , Mississippi , was at 104 . Morris said the heat indices could peak around 120 degrees later Wednesday . Those at greater risk of heat-related illness include infants and young children , people 65 or older and those who are already ill , especially with heart disease or high blood pressure . Some helpful tips for cooling off from the Jackson County , Missouri , government website : -- Avoid liquids containing alcohol or caffeine . -- Schedule outdoor activities before noon or in the evening . -- When temperatures reach into the 90s , a cool shower can offer more help than a fan . -- Wear lightweight , light-colored , loose-fitting clothing , wide-brimmed hats and sunscreen . -- If you must work in the heat , monitor the condition of co-workers and ask them to do the same for you .	Four deaths in Missouri are suspected to be heat related The heat index in Memphis , Tennessee , reached 108 Wednesday A man in Alabama died from heat exposure
President Barack Obama took his economic relief plan on the road to Colorado Wednesday , highlighting new measures designed to help college graduates manage student loan debt . One of the president 's measures will push up the start date for more favorable terms on a special loan repayment program based on income . Another measure is designed to encourage graduates with two or more kinds of federal loans to consolidate them and get a small break on interest rates . Obama discussed the two initiatives -- part of a White House strategy to bypass a polarized , seemingly ineffectual Congress -- during an appearance in Denver . The stop came at the end of a three-day presidential trip that also included stops in Nevada and California . "  These changes will make a difference for millions of Americans , " Obama told a college crowd . "  We should be doing everything we can to put a college education within the reach of every American . " The president also blasted Congress for failing to pass his larger $ 447 billion jobs bill , once again accusing Republicans of blocking his agenda for short-term partisan gain . "  It 's time to put country ahead of party , " he declared . "  It 's time to put the next generation ahead of the next election . " College education costs have continued to spike in recent years . The price of attending the average public university rose 5.4 % for in-state students to $ 21,447 this fall , according to a report released Wednesday by the College Board . The cost for one year at a typical private college rose 4.3 % to $ 42,224 . The average student loan debt for the graduating class of 2009 at four-year nonprofit colleges was $ 24,000 , according to the Institute for College Access & Success . While college costs are rising , employment prospects for new college graduates are dimming . In 2010 , the unemployment rate for college graduates age 24 and younger rose to 9.4 % , the highest since the Labor Department began keeping records in 1985 . One of Obama 's proposals would advance the start date for a special loan repayment program based on income that aims to help struggling graduates . The way the Income-Based Repayment Plan works now is that graduates who enroll get charged 15 % of their monthly discretionary income to pay off loans , with debt forgiven after 25 years . Congress passed a law set to go into effect in 2014 that would drop the monthly payment for loans originated that year to 10 % of discretionary income and would forgive all debt after 20 years . The administration would improve on the law by fast-forwarding the new terms to take effect in 2012 on loans originated that year , White House domestic policy adviser Melody Barnes noted Tuesday . So far , about 450,000 students are enrolled in the income-based repayment plan , but hundreds of thousands more are eligible . The other proposal would encourage graduates with two or more kinds of federal loans to consolidate their loans , giving them a small interest rate break of 0.5 % , according to Barnes . Obama 's student loan relief event in Colorado followed an appearance in Nevada on Monday in which the president unveiled new measures meant to help struggling homeowners refinance their mortgages . Most economists cite the depressed housing market as one of the primary reasons for country 's continued economic weakness . Political analysts also cite electoral reasons for the president 's current trip , which has included a number of fundraisers for his upcoming re-election campaign . Obama carried Colorado and Nevada in 2008 , but both states are expected to be hotly contested in 2012 . The president 's focus on college loan assistance could also help him with younger voters -- generally a core Democratic constituency . In 2008 , Obama carried two-thirds of all voters ages 18 to 24 , according to national exit polls .	Obama says his changes will help "  millions of Americans " Obama discusses two measures to help college graduates handle student loans One of the measures would help grads consolidate loans and get a break on interest rates The president is concluding a three-day , three-state western trip
The Senate Intelligence Committee 's report on the CIA 's "  enhanced interrogation " techniques to be released Tuesday concludes that the CIA tortured detainees and that torture did not yield actionable intelligence , Sen. Angus King said Tuesday . "  Did we torture people ? Yes . Did it work ? No , " King , a Maine independent who caucuses with Democrats , said on CNN 's "  New Day " . King , who is a member of the committee , called the extensive report "  chilling " and said it will show the world that the U.S. is repudiating those practices used in the post-9 / 11 era under President George W. Bush 's tenure . "  This is not America . This is not who we are , " King said . "  What was done diminished our stature and enflamed -LSB- Islamist extremists -RSB- , terrorists around the world . " The report is being released over cries from other lawmakers and intelligence officials who say the report could endanger American personnel abroad . RELATED : Hagel on torture report release : ` We want to be prepared ' King acknowledged those risks and said the decision to release the report was "  not an easy " one . But King said releasing the report is key to ensuring the U.S. government is never again involved in torture . "  It 's important to take this step to say who we are and that we 're not going to be doing this again , " King said . President Barack Obama signed an executive order when he came into office in 2009 officially barring U.S. officials from using torture practices , such as waterboarding , that were called "  enhanced interrogation " techniques under the Bush administration . King noted that that executive order could be reversed by a next President . "  History is important , " King said . "  We want history to show , A , that this did n't work out and , B , that it was really a stain on this country . "	The Senate Intelligence Committee is releasing its torture report Tuesday Angus King , a Maine independent Senator , is on the committee King is expected to speak on the Senate floor after the report 's release at 11 a.m.
AMSTERDAM , Netherlands  CNN  -- The nationalities of the people killed in the Turkish Airlines plane crash near Amsterdam 's main airport have been identified as five Turks and four U.S. citizens . Masked investigators work at the crash site Thursday . Among the dead were two Boeing employees , among four onboard the flight , their company said late Thursday in a posting on its Web site . A third was hospitalized , and a fourth employee 's fate was not yet known , the company said . None of their identities have been released . Investigators were trying to determine what caused the crash of the aircraft , a model with a good safety record flown by a well-respected airline at one of the world 's most modern airports . The crash split the plane into three parts , as it was arriving at Schiphol from Istanbul , Turkey , around 10:40 a.m.  4:40 a.m. ET  . Flight 1951 went down in a farmer 's field about 500 yards short of the runway in favorable weather conditions . It had 135 people onboard . Among those injured in the crash , 63 remained hospitalized Thursday , six of them in critical condition , said Theo Weterings , the mayor of Haarlemmermeer municipality , where Amsterdam 's Schiphol Airport is located . Another 25 passengers were severely injured , an official said Tuesday . Authorities have confirmed the nationalities of all but 15 of the passengers and crew , Weterings said . Those on board the flight included 53 Dutch , 51 Turkish , seven Americans , three Britons , and one each from Germany , Bulgaria , Finland , and Taiwan . Watch crash survivors return home " "  I want to express my deepest sympathies again to the victims of TK flight 1951 , " Weterings said . One week ago , an employees ' union accused Turkish Airlines of "  inviting disaster " by ignoring aircraft maintenance , it emerged Thursday . The Turkish Civil Aviation Union alleged on its Web site on February 18 that Turkish Airlines "  is ignoring the most basic function of flight safety , which is plane maintenance services . " "  The company administration does not understand the consequences of ripping people from their jobs and inviting a disaster . " The union , which represents 12,000 Turkish Airline employees , is involved in an ugly dispute with the company 's management . Watch how survivors described crash " Turkish Airlines posted a statement on its Web site on Thursday saying it takes safety seriously and that it followed all "  maintenance procedures of the plane manufacturer , national and international authorities directives " for the plane . Two days before the crash , the company statement said , the pilot of the plane reported failure with the "  Master Caution Light " while taxiing . The part was replaced , and "  after this replacement , the plane had eight take-offs and landings and there were no problems , " Turkish Airlines said . In the wake of the disaster , Turkish Airlines executives and officials from Turkey 's Transportation Ministry said the Boeing 737-800 had last been inspected December 22 . See where 737-800 has been involved in previous incidents " "  There was no problem with maintenance in the records of the plane , " Candan Karlicetin , executive board chairman of Turkish Airlines , said in a news conference just hours after the crash . Teams of investigators arrived at the crash site just after daybreak and set up a large white tent . They fanned out over the debris field , where the white fuselage of the Boeing lay in three pieces . A special Turkish Airlines flight landed in Amsterdam Thursday morning from Istanbul , carrying about 70 relatives of those on board the fatal flight . The relatives were accompanied by trauma specialists , the airline said . The flight data and voice recorders were recovered . Turkish officials have also ruled out weather conditions as a possible reason for the crash . Dutch and Turkish authorities say they await the results of an international investigation into the cause . Aviation experts say Turkish Airlines has a relatively good safety record , though in 2003 , more then 70 people were killed when a Turkish Airlines domestic flight crashed in fog near the southeastern city of Diyarbakir . Turkey 's flagship carrier had been expanding its routes and fleet of aircraft in recent years . Hollywood actor Kevin Costner was recently hired to star in an advertising campaign for the company . Costner 's commercials were to be broadcast in 70 countries . An employee in Turkish Airlines ' advertising department said the promotional campaign was suspended in the wake of the fatal plane crash . CNN 's Jim Bittermann in Amsterdam , Netherlands , and Ivan Watson in Istanbul , Turkey , contributed to this report	NEW : Two Boeing employees -- among four on flight -- were killed , company says NEW : Their identities have not been released 63 people remained in the hospital , six in critical condition , mayor says Plane crashed near Amsterdam 's main airport , splitting into three parts
CNN  -- Nine women , a bold proposal and a $ 1 bill . That was what it took for women 's tennis to begin a 40-year journey of self-empowerment that has created a generation of sporting millionaires . Back in 1971 , the total prize money on offer for the first women 's tour was $ 309,000 spread over 19 tournaments . In 2012 , including the purse from the four grand slams , it cracked $ 100 million for the first time -- this year it is projected to hit $ 107 million . "  I forecast to the athletes in my first player meeting that we would get to $ 100 million in 2014 . To be able to reach that milestone two years ahead of that is testament to the commercial success of women 's tennis , " says Stacey Allaster , who has been chief executive of the WTA since 2009 . When Serena Williams , the modern queen of the WTA Tour , won the U.S. Open last September her $ 2 million prize haul matched the entire career earnings of Billie Jean King -- one of the pioneering nine and a dedicated fighter in the cause of women 's equality . "  I think they 're truly proud of how far women 's tennis has come from the $ 1 contract to the $ 100 million generation , " Allaster told CNN . "  Meeting the original nine and spending time with them this past April in Charleston was inspirational . "  To hear their stories and what they had to go through to stand up to the establishment and take the risk for something they believed in was amazing . " King was one of the players frustrated by a lack of parity with the men 's game in her era , when women struggled to find enough tournaments to play in -- let alone be paid on equal terms . Defying the U.S. Tennis Association , she set up a rebel tour with the help of publisher Gladys Heldman , who proffered the symbolic $ 1 contracts for the players . It was a schism that led to the formation of the establishment-approved Women 's Tennis Association in 1973 -- which will be marked this year by the WTA 's "  40 Love " commemorative campaign , a celebration of four decades of progress in the women 's game . It was the start of a circuit that now covers the globe . This year 's schedule began with simultaneous events in China , Australia and New Zealand , and will climax with the season-ending championships in Turkey in late October . The 2012 Istanbul showpiece attracted the event 's biggest crowds for 12 years , in a country not known for its tennis heritage , while China will host a fifth WTA tournament from 2014 . "  We are obviously seeing extensive growth in our Asia-Pacific territory and in China . We are looking at how we take the next quantum leap , " said Allaster . "  We are making sure that at the end of the day we have a circuit structure that can consistently deliver to our top events , because that 's how we 're going to drive the business , to deliver to sponsors and broadcasters . " And it is becoming a very big business . King was the first woman to earn six figures in a season , back in 1971 . Last year world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka and Williams both became the first to break the $ 7 million barrier . In the men 's game , only Novak Djokovic  $ 12.8 million  and Roger Federer  $ 8.6 million  earned more on court . The brand of women 's tennis has been driven by the WTA 's "  Strong is Beautiful " campaign , which depicts the players both as athletes and style icons -- along with celebrity endorsers such as singers Aretha Franklin and Kelly Rowland , actress Susan Sarandon and businessmen Donald Trump and Richard Branson  see pictures in the gallery above , courtesy the WTA Tour  . "  We 're marketing the players as the world 's strongest female athletes , " Allaster said . "  We do have this duality of the off-court lifestyle and entertainment part of it , premium and glamorous . Strong confident women who have endured intense battles to be at the top of their game and be the best in the world . " While other women 's sports , such as golf , have struggled to maintain lucrative sponsorships , tennis is bucking the trend . "  It is very important to stress that women , both in terms of prize money and in terms of commercial incomes in tennis and other sports , are the poor relations compared to men , " says sports business expert Simon Chadwick . "  The women who earn significant revenue often fit a specific sociocultural stereotype . " Chadwick , professor of sport business strategy and marketing at Britain 's Coventry University Business School , cites the examples of Maria Sharapova and Anna Kournikova -- Russians who capitalized on both their good looks and playing skills to become two of the most wealthy and high-profile women 's players . Chadwick says that while the gap between men 's and women 's pay is closing in tennis , the sport is also becoming more global -- which increases its value for sponsors and commercial partners . "  Further , I think female tennis player brands embody a particular set of qualities , such as strength , power , beauty , success , that some brands find appealing because it enables them to target specific consumer groups , thus strengthening perceptions of their brands -- for which corporations are prepared to pay , " he told CNN . "  The fact that some of the recently successful players , such as Li Na , are from growing or strong economies , has been helpful in drawing in new revenue streams to the sport from sponsors and commercial partners that previously may not have had an involvement in tennis . " While Sharapova and the Williams sisters have their own off-court business empires , the WTA actively helps players establish their own brands . "  One of our competitive advantages is that we have so many compelling individual stories , " Allaster said . "  Our team is there to help develop their brand plans . Some of them have agents who do that , others do n't -- that 's where the campaign helps . What 's most important is that they be themselves . " The WTA Tour has not always been in such a healthy situation . When Allaster joined in 2006 , having made her name at Tennis Canada as a reviver of struggling tournaments , she faced a situation where players were complaining of burnout . "  We needed radical change . The bottom line was at the top tournaments players were n't consistently showing up , and that was impacting our credibility -- media were talking about it , sponsors were questioning ` are they really going to show ? ' " she said . As part of its "  Roadmap reform , " the WTA cut the number of top-level events players had to enter from 26 to 20 . It 's now 22 , and prize money is up 51 % . "  We had grown and grown and grown , there was no shortage of people wanting to do WTA tournaments -- if anyone raised a hand , we said come on . But there 's only so many top-10 players , " Allaster said . "  The intensity of their play through that period just escalated and their bodies were breaking down . We knew we had a commitment system that could n't work . " In the 1990s the women 's game was invaded by girls in their early teens , such as Martina Hingis and Kournikova , whose stars burned brightly but comparatively briefly . More recently top players such as Kim Clijsters and Justine Henin retired twice each before they were 30 . Both battled with injuries at the end of their careers . In view of these issues , the WTA 's emphasis is now on prolonging the careers of marquee players such as the Williams sisters . Both have been selective about their playing schedule as they have battled back from injuries and serious illnesses , though Serena has not opted out of the tournament commitment system -- which , under WTA rules , she could do as a top-10 player over the age of 30 . "  We 've been able to take the average career length from 12 years to now 15 years . I 'd rather have 15 years of a superstar than a couple of great years then injured , " Allaster said . "  Both Serena and Venus are a gift to women 's tennis . Venus is thinking long term and I know Serena is , along with others . " The WTA 's pressing business goal is to find a replacement for main sponsor Sony , which concluded an eight-year partnership at the end of 2012 . "  We 'll get through that . I 'd like to have it for 2013 but usually a sales cycle for a global multimillion-dollar sponsorship is 18-24 months , and we are 10 months into this , " Allaster said . And if there is ever any hint of complacency about continuing the WTA 's success , Allaster will remind the players of the words of that pioneering nine . "  They 're proud of women 's tennis and proud of our success . A couple of them looked at me poignantly and said ` Do n't let them catch us . ' We did n't work this hard for women 's tennis not to be No. 1 . "	Prize money on offer to women 's tennis stars will be higher than ever in 2013 The tour has grown from a $ 300,000 purse in 1971 to $ 107 million this year Ruling body the WTA is celebrating its 40th year of existence in 2013 Current CEO Stacey Allaster has led an overhaul of circuit since joining WTA in 2006
New York  CNN  -- A "  pocket dial " mistake can result in an unwanted phone call , annoying for the recipient and potentially embarrassing to the caller . But a new study found a staggering number of those apparently accidental calls in New York City are made to emergency responders , jamming up 911 lines in a city that has prided itself on its ability to respond in a crisis . Nearly 4 million of those calls were made to the city 's emergency call centers in 2010 , according to a recent Winbourne Consulting report , commissioned by the city after a massive blizzard delayed first responders and left Mayor Michael Bloomberg open to criticism . That 's more than one-third of some 11 million emergency calls made in New York each year , the study found , which was released Friday . Those calls were 19 seconds or less . Authorities determined that they were likely accidental and say unnecessary communications add an increased burden on emergency response systems . "  The increased proliferation of cellular telephones has caused a dramatic increase in the number of accidental 911 calls made , " the report said . In 2011 , the Federal Communications Commission issued a report estimating that 70 % of all 911 calls -- intentional or mistaken -- were made from wireless devices . The consulting firm recommended implementing a citywide information campaign to alert the public of the issue and to streamline systems between the police and fire departments , among other recommendations .	Nearly 4 million apparently accidental calls were made to emergency call centers in 2010 That 's more than one-third of some 11 million emergency calls made in New York each year Authorities say it is an increased burden on emergency response systems
CNN  Once again the global community waits to see if the United States and its partners can really halt Iran 's quest for nuclear power through a verifiable accord or if Tehran is trying to buy more time for a clandestine nuclear weapons program it is suspected of having . True , the government of the Islamic Republic of Iran has consistently denied it seeks anything more than nuclear energy for peaceful purposes . But Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei 's repeated claims in public forums that "  We do not have nuclear weapons , and we do not intend to produce them , " have failed to convince the United States , European Union and Israel . Suspicion is well-warranted . Iran reluctantly disclosed to the International Atomic Energy Agency , or IAEA -- only after U.S.-led detection -- its clandestine enrichment of uranium at an underground facility near Qum , testing of bridge wires to explode the detonators of atom bombs at the Parchin military facility near Tehran , and development of an advanced multipoint trigger system for nuclear warheads . Even the IAEA director noted on March 2 that the agency still could not "  provide credible assurance about the absence of undeclared nuclear material and activities in Iran and therefore to conclude that all nuclear material in Iran is in peaceful activities . " As a result , the chief ayatollah 's words seem more intended for defusing the international storm rather than changing domestic policy . Moreover , Khamenei has made it amply clear to Iran 's citizens in the text of an infographic on his website , also reproduced by the state-controlled news media , that "  Iran must not cease or slow down " but should "  continue nuclear research , expansion , and progress . " He has threatened as well , repeatedly , that Iran will unleash a "  crushing response " against any nation with which it clashes , making his stated intent to continue nuclear activities more ominous . However , economically strapped and internationally isolated , Iran 's citizens are putting pronounced pressure on President Hassan Rouhani and Khamenei . A November 2014 Gallup Poll indicates 70 % of Iranians hope their leaders will accept an agreement . They expect the country 's economy will jump-start through reduction or elimination of sanctions . So Iranian politicians and clerics , even those on the National Security and Foreign Policy Parliamentary Committee , have gradually begun acknowledging that sooner or later "  some sort of a result -LSB- i.e. , nuclear deal -RSB- " will have to be accepted by Tehran . Ordinary Iranians ' desire to reach a pact with the West is understandable . Iran 's economy ranks only 32nd in the world , according to data from the World Bank , despite its vast energy resources and well-educated public . Consequently its people 's prosperity has fallen to a lowly 107th among the world 's societies , according to the Legatum Institute . Plunging oil prices have recently added to domestic woes , with that country facing deeper deficit in revenues much needed for development projects . Iranian leaders realize their regime remains vulnerable not only to externally imposed sanctions , but more so to internally generated widespread discontent , which erupted and was violently repressed in 2009 . Regime preservation has multiple facets , however . It 's not just about keeping citizens fiscally happy . Nuclear weapons work well in deterring external adversaries . Processing such technology generates much pride at home , too . Fifty-six percent of Iranians responded favorably to its continued development when polled in January . Consequently there will be countervailing internal pressure on Iran 's leaders to withstand fully meeting obligations under the Nonproliferation Treaty , irrespective of whether a deal is reached , even if the socioeconomic cost to their citizens and fever-pitch global consternation continue to rise . But Iran 's leaders also know full well that agreeing to a pact that lifts most or all sanctions will boost the economy and thereby generate additional resources to enhance the regime 's popularity at home and influence abroad . This central goal of Iran 's presence at the negotiating table was made crystal clear during the Supreme Leader 's Nav Roz , or New Year , public address on March 21 : "  Removal of sanctions is part of the subject of negotiations , not of the results ... removal of sanctions should occur without any deal when an agreement is reached . " "  We can see a path forward here to get to an agreement ... -LSB- and -RSB- very much believe we can get this done by -LSB- the deadline of -RSB- March 31 , " stressed a senior State Department official traveling with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry to Lausanne on March 25 . Negotiators have even added three more months to resolve the technical details of the overall agreement . Diplomacy may , as the Obama administration has stressed repeatedly , indeed be the most efficient and least dangerous way to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon . Certainly neither the American nor the European publics want another drawn-out war in the Middle East . But as the United States and other world powers work fervently toward clinching the long-awaited nuclear agreement with the Islamic republic , it is important for Western negotiators and politicians to bear two central considerations in mind :  1  Irrespective of mechanisms written into the deal , will verification actually be possible on the ground to ensure Iran both limits and becomes fully transparent about its nuclear program ?  2  Would the world collectively or the United States independently be able to enforce punitive actions , such as re-establishing sanctions , if Iran fails to comply fully and in a timely manner ? Iran 's President continues to suggest that his country seeks a "  win-win deal which would serve the interests of all the parties , " as does his negotiating team . But many Western and Middle Eastern leaders fear the United States and its allies will not be able to truly enforce nuclear limits upon Iran through any treaty . Certainly not only many Asian and African nations , but even two of the superpowers , Russia and China , see little if any threat from Tehran and would much prefer to reopen large-scale trade with Iranians than argue about atomic fission . Last November , Russia even entered into an agreement to build at least two nuclear reactors in Iran . Once sanctions are lifted , multinational corporations will likely invest heavily in Iran and resist having to pull out subsequently . Not surprisingly , influential hard-line Iranian leaders including Ayatollah Sadegh Larijani , who heads Iran 's judiciary , trumpet : "  Our country and our negotiating officials ... are the real winners in these talks . " Four years ago Iran 's Revolutionary Guards declared : "  The day after Iran 's first nuclear test is a normal day ... but for some of us there will be a new sparkle in our eyes . " Even if a deal is done , will Iran gamble that with the exception of the United States and Israel , nations can come to live with it eventually reaching the threshold of nuclear breakout or wielding nuclear weapons ?	Authors : Iran 's people want a deal in hopes of a better economy They say Iran 's leaders recognize that having a nuclear program can elevate its international clout
CNN  -- Three-year-old Alexis Martin reads at a fifth-grade level . She taught herself fluent Spanish using her parents ' iPad . "  From 12 to 18 months old , we 'd be driving around in the car , and she would recite her bedtime story from the night before , " her dad , Ian , told CNN affiliate KNXV . "  She did n't just recite them ; she recited them exactly . " Alexis is the youngest member of Arizona 's Mensa chapter . American Mensa  PDF  is an organization for people with IQs in the top 2 % . The average IQ is 100 . Martin 's tops 160 . Mensa has more than 55,000 members nationally . You 'd probably recognize some of the more famous ones : Nolan Gould , who plays Luke on ABC 's "  Modern Family " ; Richard Bolles , the author of "  What Color is Your Parachute ? " ; the Blue Power Ranger  OK , he 's a fictional member  . But what does an IQ score really tell us about a person ? Will Alexis be a genius for life ? And if you still ca n't speak Spanish at age 50 , should you just give up ? What your IQ score means An Intelligence Quotient , or IQ , is a measure of what psychologists call our "  fluid and crystallized intelligence . " Put simply , an IQ test measures your reasoning and problem-solving abilities . There are different kinds of IQ tests , but most analyze your visual , mathematical and language abilities as well as your memory and information processing speed . A licensed psychologist administers a series of subtests ; the results are then combined into one score : your IQ . "  Anybody with very high IQ , they have the ability to manipulate , process and interpret information at a deeper level and a higher speed than the average person , " explained Mensa 's gifted youth specialist , Lisa Van Gemert . What your specific numerical score means depends on the test you take . IQ is really a measure of how well you do on a test compared with other people your age . Scores are generally shown on a bell curve . The average score is 100 . People to the far left or far right of the curve are outliers . Alexis , for example , is on the far right of the curve for children her age . Bleacher Report : How smart are you ? Take the Wonderlic test and find out What it does n't mean "  The difficulty with these kinds of tests is that they 're a snapshot , " Van Gemert said . "  We see what the kid looks like on this day , on this particular test , with this particular tester . " An IQ score does n't measure your practical intelligence : knowing how to make things work , says Richard Nisbett , a professor of psychology at the University of Michigan . It does n't measure your creativity . It does n't measure your curiosity . It does n't tell your parents or teachers about your emotional readiness . Maybe as a 5-year-old , you can read and understand The Economist . But are you prepared to deal with stories about war-torn countries or prisoners on death row ? It would be a mistake , Van Gemert says , to look at a child with a high IQ as nothing more than a brain . Like any trait -- blue eyes , big feet -- their IQ is just one part of who they are . Your IQ can change over time A lot of factors can affect your IQ score over time . Poverty . Nutrition . Stress . How familiar you are with standardized tests . Nisbett 's research has shown that children from lower socioeconomic levels adopted into a middle-class family often increase their IQ scores by 15 to 20 points . "  Heritability is not as great as some people  believe  , " Nisbett said . "  Environmental factors are very potent . " In one study , researchers tested 33 adolescents ' intelligence once and then again four years later . In that short amount of time , some of their IQ scores varied by more than 20 points . The changes matched with structural and functional changes in their brains . Kids who are geniuses at age 2 rarely stay that way , experts say . It 's easier , Van Gemert explains , for young children to distinguish themselves on the curve . In other words , it 's easy to spot a genius 3-year-old when she 's reading at a fifth-grade level and speaks fluent Spanish . But what makes one 47-year-old more intelligent than another ? Is it education ? Life experience ? Their ability to put together a piece of furniture from IKEA ? You 're smarter than your ancestors Since the early 1990s , when IQ tests were first standardized , researchers have seen substantial increases in IQ scores with each passing generation . So the average 10-year-old today would score higher on the same test than a 10-year-old from 1954 . This does n't mean we necessarily have bigger brains than our great-great-grandfathers ; it just means we 've improved our abilities to think logically , solve problems and/or use our abilities in hypothetical situations . It 's known as the Flynn Effect , for moral philosopher James Flynn . "  The cars that people drove in 1900 have altered because the roads are better and because of technology , " Flynn said in a TED Talk last year . "  And our minds have altered , too . We 've gone from people who confronted a concrete world and analyzed that world primarily in terms of how much it would benefit them to people who confront a very complex world . " For instance , education has changed . We 've learned to classify the world , to compare groups like animals or modes of transportation , Flynn said . We 've also been taught to accept hypothetical situations  you remember algebra , right ?  . Our ancestors dealt only with what was right in front of them . Our jobs have also changed . In the early 1900s , only 3 % of Americans had professions that were "  cognitively demanding , " Flynn said . Today , 35 % of us do . As such we 're used to solving complex , hypothetical problems , like the ones on an IQ test . Health factors may have had an influence as well . Studies have shown that early childhood immunization rates are a big predictor of a nation 's average IQ score . So decreasing infectious diseases worldwide may have attributed to the overall increase in subsequent generations ' IQ scores . "  From an energetics standpoint , a developing human will have difficulty building a brain and fighting off infectious diseases at the same time , as both are very metabolically costly tasks , " the authors of one study wrote . Not a genius ? Do n't panic You probably remember the dreaded SAT or ACT test you took in high school . That 's a type of IQ test . But Nisbett believes that a student 's grade-point average is a better predictor of their success than their test scores . "  GPA is raw smarts times how hard you work times self-control times a lot of other things . That 's true for success in life , " he said . "  I see graduate students with extremely high IQs who ca n't achieve much because they 're lacking in curiosity . ... They 're lacking the ability to get along with people . " Having a high IQ is not a guarantee of success , Van Gemert agrees , just as having a lower IQ is not a guarantee of failure . Good habits , perseverance and a strong work ethic are just as important as intelligence . "  If you do n't develop those other qualities , you can waste a smart IQ , " she said . Van Gemert recommends that parents view their homes as a petri dish , one where they 're trying to grow their children . That means lots of time spent together , interacting , and lots of books , building blocks and board games . "  The most important thing we can do for kids is to play with them , " she said .	IQ is a measure of your reasoning and problem-solving abilities Your score reflects how well you did on a series of tests compared with others your age Your IQ can change over time , and scores have improved between generations Having a high IQ is not a guarantee of success , experts say
CNN  -- Melbourne made it three years in a row as the world 's most livable city , according to the 2013 Economist Intelligence Unit 's  EIU  Global Livability Survey . The top cities and indeed much of the rankings remained similar to last year , with Australian and New Zealand cities landing five of the top 10 spots . Canadian cities made up another three of the top 10 positions . Elsewhere in the EIU rankings , 28 cities saw changes in their rankings with negative livability changes driven by "  civil unrest , with the Arab Spring , European austerity and Chinese discontent all contributing , " according to the EIU report . Vienna came a close second while Canadian cities Vancouver and Toronto stayed at third and fourth ; Calgary tied with Adelaide for fifth place . The top spots are mostly "  mid-sized cities in wealthier countries with a relatively low population density , " said the EIU . At the bottom of the list , due to ongoing civil conflict in Syria is Damascus -- dropping 10 rankings . A total of 140 cities were surveyed under five categories : stability , healthcare , culture and environment , education and infrastructure . Scores in each category and sub-category are compiled and weighted to give a total out of 100 . 100 is considered ideal and 1 intolerable . The report noted a few major changes . Madrid dropped five spots to 44th due to "  unrest and protests , " but remains in the top tier of livability . The Slovakian capital of Bratislava moved into the top tier  a score of 80 or above  , now at 63rd place in the ranking . Tehran , Douala  Cameroon  , Tripoli , Karachi , Algiers , Harare , Lagos , Port Moresby  Papua New Guinea  , Dhaka  Bangladesh  and Damascus  are at the bottom of the list with conflict responsible for many of the lowest scores , the report stated . Global Livability Survey Top 10 most livable cities  unchanged in 2013 from 2012  : 1 . Melbourne , Australia , 97.5 2 . Vienna , Austria , 97.4 3 . Vancouver , Canada , 97.3 4 . Toronto , Canada , 97.2 = 5 . Calgary , Canada , 96.6 = 5 . Adelaide , Australia , 96.6 7 . Sydney , Australia , 96.1 8 . Helsinki , Finland , 96.0 9 . Perth , Australia , 95.9 10 . Auckland , New Zealand , 95.7 On CNN Travel : Insider Guide to Melbourne	A three-peat for southern Australian city of Melbourne Damascus drops 10 places to bottom of the rankings Canadian , Australian , New Zealand cities make up eight of top 10
CNN  -- A North Carolina resident was found guilty Thursday on terrorism charges including conspiracy to murder , kidnap , maim and injure people overseas . Anes Subasic , a 35-year old naturalized U.S. citizen who was born in Bosnia , also was convicted of conspiring to provide material support to terrorists . He will face up to life in prison at sentencing in August . Subasic is the seventh member of a North Carolina group of men convicted of terror activities . They were led by Daniel Boyd , who pleaded guilty in February 2011 to conspiring to kill people abroad and to provide material support to terrorists . Boyd 's sentencing was delayed so that he could testify against three other co-conspirators who were found guilty last fall . Two of Boyd 's sons also pleaded guilty and are in prison . According to the government , from November 2006 until at least July 2009 , Subasic and the others worked to provide money , weapons training , transportation and personnel to "  advance violent jihad . " "  Subasic was part of a group of terrorists ; some viewed their own country as the enemy , " said M. Chris Briese , who heads the FBI 's Charlotte field office . "  Subasic was part of a conspiracy to commit violent acts against U.S. service members and others abroad , " said John Khin , an official with the Defense Criminal Investigative Service . In a separate trial last fall , Subasic was convicted on two counts of illegally obtaining citizenship . An eighth man , Jude Kenan Mohammad , also was charged in the terror conspiracy . He has never been arrested and officials believe he is in Pakistan or may have died .	Anes Subasic is found guilty of conspiracy to murder people overseas and other charges He is the seventh member of a North Carolina group convicted of terror activities Some of them "  viewed their own country as the enemy , " an FBI official says
CNN  -- Preparations are under way on India 's east coast ahead of Saturday 's expected landfall of a massive cyclone now gathering strength in the Bay of Bengal . Tropical Cyclone Phailin is expected to make landfall somewhere near the border of Odisha and Andhra Pradesh states in India . The cyclone , which is packing sustained winds of 155 mph  about 250 kph  , with gusts of up to 190 mph , could hit densely populated areas that are vulnerable to flooding . Roughly 80,000 people have been evacuated from low-lying areas in the region , with many leaving on foot or by bicycle , said Kamal Lochan Mishra , the Odisha Disaster Management Authority deputy general . Evacuations are continuing , he said . Some fear a repeat of what happened on October 29 , 1999 , when Cyclone 05B , also known as the Odisha Cyclone , made landfall in the same area , causing the loss of more than 10,000 lives . The strongest tropical cyclone recorded in the Bay of Bengal , it packed winds of 155 mph at landfall and caused more than $ 2 billion in damage . Phailin may be less intense than that at landfall and is likely to weaken as it moves on shore , but will still bring storm surges and dump heavy rainfall on inland areas in its path . The India Meteorological Department warns that Phailin is a "  very severe cyclonic storm " and urges the evacuation of coastal areas . The storm will bring gale-force winds and a storm surge that may reach about 10 feet  3 meters  above the usual tide level and could inundate low-lying areas of the Odisha 's Ganjam , Khurda , Puri and Jagatsinghpur districts and the Srikakulam district of Andhra Pradesh during landfall , it said . Rainfall , some of it very heavy , is expected in coastal Odisha and northern Andhra Pradesh starting Friday evening , its forecast said . By Saturday evening , inland areas of Odisha and west Bengal state will also get heavy rainfall , it said . Seas off the coast of Odisha and northern Andhra Pradesh are expected to become extremely rough as the cyclone approaches . Fishing operations are suspended , and all fishermen are advised to return to shore . The meteorological department warns of extensive damage to so-called kutcha houses , those made of flimsy materials such as mud and bamboo , as well as some damage to old buildings . Power and communication lines are likely to suffer large-scale disruption . Extensive flooding will also disrupt rail and road traffic , and crops are likely to suffer major damage , it said . People in affected areas may be at risk from flying debris , as well as the flooding of escape routes . Residents are advised to stay indoors as the cyclone makes landfall , the forecast said .	NEW : Roughly 80,000 people have been evacuated , an official says Cyclone Phailin is expected to hit east coast states of Odisha and Andhra Pradesh The tropical cyclone , now over the Bay of Bengal , is expected to make landfall Saturday Odisha 's weather service warns of a 3-meter storm surge , gales and heavy rainfall
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Philadelphia police picked up 50 juveniles for violating the city 's beefed-up curfew which took effect Friday night , authorities said Saturday . The City of Brotherly Love is cracking down after a rash of teen violence by roving mobs . Late Friday , there were no signs of trouble , police spokesman Ray Evers told CNN . "  It definitely made a tremendous difference , " he said , referring to the curfew . Police patrolled the two areas under curfew , including downtown areas popular with locals and tourists during the Friday night curfew . The 50 teens are among the first charged with violating the newly strengthened city ordinance , which forbids anyone under 18 from being out on the street after 9 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays in two locations : Center City , in the downtown area , and University City , the west Philadelphia neighborhood where the University of Pennsylvania is located . An hour after the curfew took effect , police had taken 22 juveniles between the ages of 14 and 17 into custody , Evers said . All 50 minors were cited with a code violation for breaking the curfew , and were not allowed to leave the police precinct until they were picked up by a parent or guardian . All 50 were picked up by Saturday morning , Evers said . Mayor Michael Nutter announced the earlier curfew following a string of mob attacks by young people alerted to gatherings via email and social media . "  It 's a growing problem in this country , " Philadelphia Police Commissioner Charles H. Ramsey said Friday . Nutter delivered tough remarks in a church sermon last weekend that has received international attention -- a blunt , no-excuses scolding that coincided with the start of the England riots . An African-American , Nutter noted that those involved in the Philadelphia attacks are predominantly black and said their behavior damaged themselves and their race . He upheld religious values , underscored the importance of parental discipline and lambasted absentee parents , particularly fathers , for neglecting and not keeping watch over their children . Nutter 's measures target both young attackers and their parents or legal guardians . He signed an order temporarily moving the curfew up an hour on Fridays and Saturdays for everyone under the age of 18 in the two targeted enforcement districts . Throughout the rest of the city , the curfew will remain 10 p.m. for those under the age of 13 and midnight for minors between ages 13 and 18 . "  Minors who are caught breaking curfew will be sent home , brought home or transported to a police station where their parents will be contacted . Minors may be issued a citation with a $ 100 to $ 300 fine for a first offense , " the city said in a news release . If parents do n't come for their child "  within a reasonable time , police will contact the Department of Human Services to start an investigation . " Parents will receive a notice for first violations , and will be fined up to $ 500 for successive violations . They are also subject to imprisonment for up to 90 days for repeat curfew violation offenses , according to the city . In addition , parents "  whose child under the age of 18 is found liable or guilty by a court for injury , theft or other criminal acts " will be liable to the person who suffered the injury or loss of property , " the statement said .	NEW : Philadelphia police picked up 50 juveniles for violating a stricter curfew The curfew follows a rash of mob attacks The curfew remains at 10 p.m. or midnight for minors elsewhere in Philadelphia Parents can be fined for repeat curfew violations
Could the Netflix model work for a movie theater chain ? AMC Theaters is reportedly exploring that with a pilot partnership with MoviePass , a company which offers a subscription service where movie lovers can attend a movie a day for a monthly fee . AMC operates more than 4,900 screens across the United States , making it the second largest theater chain behind Regal Entertainment . The New York Times reports that moviegoers would pay a fee of $ 35 a month , which would allow them a pass to attend one showing a day of any movie they choose . A $ 45 per month option includes 3D and IMAX films . MoviePass launched back in 2011 and AMC decided to partner with the company in response to the decline in attendance by young moviegoers . According to Nielsen 's 2014 Moviegoing Report , which was released last week , audiences between the ages of 12 and 24 years old saw an average of 7.1 movies -- a decrease of 15.5 % from last year 's report . "  Millennials are consuming things differently , and that includes going to the movies , " MoviePass 's chief executive and co-founder Stacy Spikes told the Times . Younger people are already enthusiastic users of subscription services like Netflix for movies and Spotify for music , which allows them to consume what they want , when they want . "  It frankly would n't be smart to ignore the success of subscription in other areas of media , " Christina Sternberg , the senior vice president for corporate strategy at AMC , told The Times . A movie a day might keep the lagging box office numbers away . The industry had a less than stellar summer blockbuster season . The new pilot program will be rolled out in January in Denver and Boston . Other cities will be added based on the rate of success in the initial markets .	AMC is launching a pilot program Moviegoers would pay a fee to get a daily movie pass Viewership by younger audiences is down
CNN  -- In the history of the modern Olympics few , if any , performances have captured the popular imagination in quite the same way as that of American Jesse Owens at the 1936 Berlin Games . Owens defied Hitler by winning four gold medals in Berlin in 1936 . His haul of four gold medals -- in the 100 meters , 200 meters , long jump and 4x100 meters relay -- would have been a notable achievement under any circumstances , especially since two of his victories resulted in new world records . What gave his feat its unique resonance , however , was the fact that it took place at a Games organized by Hitler 's Nazi Party , and specifically designed as a showcase for white Aryan talent . As a black man , Owens ' quadruple triumph was a huge embarrassment to the hosts , and a defiant snub to the Third Reich 's theories of white racial supremacy . No other sporting performance before or since has achieved quite the same level of symbolism . The 11th Olympiad had been awarded to Germany in May 1931 , two years before Hitler and his Nazi party came to power . Their overtly racist policies -- including the exclusion of all Jews and gypsies from German sporting facilities -- led to widespread calls to either move or boycott the competition , especially in Europe and the U.S. Despite that the Games went ahead , with 49 countries and a total of 4,066 athletes participating , more than in any previous Olympics . From the outset the Nazi propaganda machine made the most of the opportunity presented by the Games . For their two-week duration -- from August 1-16 -- houses and monuments throughout Berlin were decked with Nazi flags and banners , while posters and magazine spreads lauded the ideal of the white Aryan athlete , making an overt link between the racial purity of modern Teutonic culture and that of classical Greece . Director Leni Riefenstahl -- dubbed "  Hitler 's film-maker " -- was employed to capture the anticipated German triumphs on camera . At the same time stringent efforts were made to play down the darker aspects of Nazi ideology , including the removal from Berlin 's streets of all anti-Jewish signs , and an order that foreign nationals were not to be subject to Germany 's oppressive anti-homosexual laws . Nazi showcasing It was against this background of tightly regimented Nazi showcasing that , on August 3 , Owens started competing in Berlin 's 100,000-seater Olympic Stadium , winning his first gold medal in the 100 meters  equaling the Olympic record with his time of 10.3 seconds  . Over the next six days he would take a further three golds , in the process setting two new world records -- for the 200 meters and 4x100 meter relay -- and incensing the Nazi authorities  Joseph Goebbels , the minister for propaganda , privately described his victories as "  a disgrace "  . The Owens myth is admittedly not quite as clear-cut as it has sometimes been presented . German spectators were open in their admiration for the American , and he would probably have not won the long jump gold had it not been for advice given to him by his main rival in the event , the star German athlete Luz Long . His place in the 4x100 meter relay team , meanwhile , was only secured when American team managers dropped two Jewish athletes -- Marty Gluckman and Sam Stoller -- allegedly at the behest of Hitler himself . Claims that the latter refused to shake hands with Owens were also unfounded -- the German leader had been told at the start of the Games that he should either shake every athlete 's hand or none , and had chosen the latter option . Despite that , and the fact that Germany still came top of the overall medal standings , the domination of a black athlete at a Games so overtly dedicated to promoting the ideal of Aryan physical perfection proved hugely symbolic for , and satisfying to a world increasingly alarmed at the activities of the Third Reich . There is a depressing coda to the Owens story , however , for the hero of the Berlin Games subsequently returned home to an America that was itself tainted by profound racial discrimination . Although he received a New York ticker-tape parade , he was snubbed by President Roosevelt , and , because of his color , failed to attract the commercial sponsorship deals awarded to his fellow white athletes . As Owens himself commented : "  Although I was n't invited to shake hands with Hitler , I was n't invited to the White House to shake hands with the President either . "	Hitler 's Nazi Party designed the Games as a showcase for white Aryan talent Owen won his first gold medal in the 100 meters Owens ' quadruple triumph was a huge embarrassment to the hosts
West of Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  Falih Essawi shouted on the phone as he described his situation . From his point of view , ISIS militants might be just hours away from taking the key Iraqi city of Ramadi . Fierce fighting has engulfed Ramadi , which lies only about 70 miles  113 kilometers  west of Baghdad and is the capital of Anbar province , Iraq 's Sunni heartland . Essawi , the deputy head of the Anbar Provincial Council , told CNN from inside the city Wednesday that it 's unclear how much longer government troops can hold their front lines against the ISIS offensive . The politician said he was on a front line himself , armed with a machine gun . Security was "  collapsing rapidly in the city , " and he begged the Iraqi government for reinforcements and the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS for air support . He stressed that urgent support from the military and security forces is needed to save the city . "  This is what we warned Baghdad of what 's going to happen , " Essawi told CNN by phone , referring to the Iraqi government at the capital . "  Where is Baghdad ? Where is al-Abadi ? " His plea for help comes the day after Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi met with U.S. President Barack Obama in Washington to seek more support for the fight against ISIS . "  Just Allah knows if we will survive this , " Essawi said . According to the Anbar official , at least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed and more than 100 others were wounded in the fighting against ISIS on Wednesday . The extremist group 's offensive in Ramadi shows its resilience despite months of U.S.-led airstrikes and its recent defeat by Iraqi forces in the northern city of Tikrit . ISIS fighters have Ramadi under pressure from several angles . Essawi said ISIS militants made significant advances Wednesday in three areas east of Ramadi : Albu Soda , Albu Ghanem and parts of Soufia , which leads to central Ramadi . Later , he said that militants were rolling into the center of Ramadi . Over the weekend , the militants seized control of areas north of Ramadi . Routes south of the city were taken some months ago . That leaves only areas to the west of Ramadi in the hands of government forces , but those positions are under threat , Essawi warned . The recent fighting has driven a steady stream of refugees out of the city . On Wednesday , some residents packed what they could into metal carts as they prepared to flee on foot . People also were fleeing the areas where ISIS was advancing east of Ramadi . At least 150,000 people have already fled since Wednesday morning , causing huge traffic jams on the roads leading outside the city , according to Essawi . A CNN team met with three families that had fled an ISIS assault in the Albu Ghanem area . Those families said Iraqi security and military forces withdrew from Albu Ghanem after a battle with ISIS , which took over the area quickly . One fleeing Albu Ghanem resident , Abu Ahmed , paused to talk to CNN as he and his family walked east toward Baghdad , crossing a bridge over the Euphrates River . He said four ISIS militants had entered his house and set up a sniper position on his roof . Abu Ahmed said he , his wife and four children walked away from the home with his elderly mother while the ISIS fighters were busy setting things up there . He said his family left everything behind . His family was using a cart to carry his mother , who could n't walk . While talking about the fighters ' takeover of his home , his wife started crying and asked God to help the rest of the families who are stuck in Albu Ghanem . Ramadi has seen intense and persistent fighting for months . ISIS took over parts of the city in the first half of last year , placing it at the heart of a deadly tug of war ever since . The U.S. military has carried out multiple airstrikes against ISIS targets near Ramadi in recent weeks . "  The coalition has been supporting the fight in Ramadi with airstrikes , and there have been seven airstrikes in Ramadi since Monday , " Col. Ed Thomas , spokesman for Joint Chiefs Chairman Col. Martin Dempsey , said on Wednesday . He stressed that Ramadi remains contested . Another U.S. military official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , told CNN that the fall of Ramadi is "  not imminent . " Sizable parts of the city are under ISIS control or influence , but the area has been a target of a months-long offensive , that official said . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali and Arwa Damon reported from west of Baghdad , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Jason Hanna , Jim Sciutto , Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	A U.S. military official tells CNN the fall of Ramadi is "  not imminent " Official in Ramadi says it 's unclear how long government forces can hold out there He begs the Iraqi government for reinforcements and the U.S.-led coalition for airstrikes
CNN  -- Clashes between tribesmen and government forces near Yemen 's Sanaa International Airport on Wednesday led to its closure . All arriving flights were diverted to Aden , and no flights were taking off from Sanaa , said a Ministry of Transportation official who asked not to be identified because he is not authorized to speak to the news media . Witnesses said the situation near the airport was chaotic , with explosions , clashes , tribesmen approaching the airport and electricity cut to the surrounding neighborhood . According to the office of Sheikh Sadeq al-Ahmar , a leader of the main opposition al-Hashid tribe , the government is believed to have cut the electricity . The flight restrictions were imposed as anti-regime tribesmen battling Yemeni forces occupied the government 's news agency compound and the Tourism Ministry in the capital Wednesday , the latest regime entities to be taken over during this week 's street battles , witnesses said . Hundreds of al-Hashid tribal members occupied and surrounded the SABA news agency compound and the tourism building in Sanaa after fighting with government forces in the Hasabah neighborhood . Other ministry buildings in Hasabah also have been seized . They are the Interior , Trade and Commerce , the Education and the Local Administration headquarters . These and other government buildings in Hasabah were evacuated Tuesday night by the Interior Ministry as fighting raged . Yemeni state-run television said supporters loyal to the al-Hashid tribe were shelling government facilities . The fighting broke out after a regionally brokered deal calling for Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh to leave office fell through . Saleh himself is a member of the al-Hashid tribe , a huge and powerful entity with many strands . After a march Friday , during which dozens of anti-government demonstrators were killed , al-Ahmar embraced the anti-government demonstrators and broke ranks with the president . Since then , more and more tribal members have turned their backs on the president as well . The violence has attracted international attention . "  We expressed our joint concern on the deteriorating situation on the ground , " U.S. President Barack Obama told reporters Wednesday in England with British Prime Minister David Cameron . The United States is evaluating the security situation in Yemen , but is not moving to evacuate the embassy , State Department spokesman Mark Toner said Tuesday . However , the embassy is permitting employees who want to leave to do so . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon expressed fears that the battles might further destabilize the situation and called for "  an immediate end to the fighting " and the continuation of efforts to resolve the country 's political crisis . Saleh 's office called media outlets , including Yemen TV , and issued statements from Saleh defending himself . "  I will not be forced by the tribes to enter a civil war , " Saleh said . "  We will not give in and will fight those who threaten security and stability in the country . " Similar clashes Tuesday killed as many as 41 people -- with both sides claiming casualties . Al-Ahmar said 17 men from the al-Hashid tribe were killed in those clashes . The government said 14 soldiers and 10 civilians were killed . Yemen , a key U.S. ally in the fight against al Qaeda , has been roiled by protests for most of the year amid anti-government demonstrations that have swept across much of the Arab world . Many of the protesters in Yemen want Saleh to step aside after three decades of rule . But representatives of the demonstrators who 've taken to the streets for months insist their movement is nonviolent and say they will continue a peaceful revolution as the tribesmen and government forces battle . "  The government wants to show the world that our revolution is violent . We tell them no , it is peaceful and will always be peaceful , " said Mohammed Saleh Abdullah , a youth revolution leader . Riyadh Areqi , another youth revolution leader , said protests will continue "  under all circumstances until Saleh falls and is held accountable for all his crimes . " ? "  What is taking place between the al-Ahmar family and government forces does not involve the Yemeni revolution , " he said . "  Millions are protesting peacefully today around the country while Saleh sheds the blood of the Yemeni people . " Gulf Arab states said Monday that they had suspended efforts to ease the embattled president from office after he once again balked at signing a deal with opposition leaders . In a statement carried by the Saudi Press Agency , foreign ministers with the Gulf Cooperation Council said they were dropping the deal "  for lack of appropriate circumstances for agreement . " The council is made up of representatives from the United Arab Emirates , Bahrain , Saudi Arabia , Oman , Qatar and Kuwait . Under its plan , Saleh would have ceded power to a transitional government after 30 days . At his meeting Wednesday with Cameron , Obama noted that Yemenis want a "  more unified and more secure " nation and "  greater opportunity and prosperity . " "  We are proud of the leadership of the Gulf Cooperation Council in seeking an orderly and peaceful resolution to the crisis , and we call on President Saleh to move immediately on his commitment to transfer power . " Opposition leaders signed the pact Saturday , but Saleh said he would not go along unless the opposition re-signed the agreement at a public ceremony at his presidential palace , which was surrounded by armed pro-government protesters . Opposition members have long contended that Saleh had no intention of signing the agreement . Saleh said Wednesday that he 's "  willing to sign the proposal , but on the basis of dialogue . " "  I will not give any more concessions in order to step down , " he said . Journalist Jeb Boone contributed to this report .	NEW : All arriving flights diverted ; no flights are taking off President Ali Abdullah Saleh is a member of the powerful al-Hashid tribe The United States is not moving to evacuate its embassy Al-Hashid tribal members occupy government 's news agency compound , Tourism Ministry
A New York City woman whose teenage autistic son disappeared in October may be facing every mother 's nightmare . On Thursday night , police found legs and an arm next to the East River in Queens as well as size 5 1/2 Air Jordan sneakers that match the shoes of her child , Avonte Oquendo , the teen 's family attorney , David Perecman , told CNN on Friday . Investigators also found size 16 dark jeans , the same size the teen wore , and underwear , the lawyer said . Avonte 's mother , Vanessa Fontaine , who has passionately advocated for a search for her son , will provide investigators with her DNA so they can determine whether the remains are the child 's , the attorney said . "  She does n't seem to me to have ever lost hope , " Perecman told reporters Friday . "  This morning when I spoke to her she just said , ` You know , it 's not Avonte until it 's Avonte . ' " Over months of searching for Avonte , his mother always held out hope . After he was missing for three weeks , she addressed reporters at an October 25 news conference . "  My thoughts are that my son is still out there , and I want everyone to continue to help me search for my son , " Fontaine said . "  He is not gone . " The idea of her son wandering around New York was terrifying because he can not communicate verbally , she said soon after his disappearance . "  He has the mental capacity of a 7 - or 8-year-old , " she said . Avonte was supposed to be with a monitor at all times , Fontaine said . But surveillance footage that captured her son bounding out of Center Boulevard School on Long Island at 12:38 p.m on October 4 did not show him with a supervisor . "  He does n't know that , you know , ' I can get hurt in the street , someone can grab me and take me , ' " his mother said . "  He does n't know that . He does n't know fear . " Authorities said they have worked hard to find the teenager . They deployed sniffer dogs , combed surveillance footage , searched the sewer system , put up posters for missing persons and filled the streets with fliers . There were alerts on the New York subway and messages in local newspapers . Divers used sonar to explore the city 's waterways . "  Obviously , we have devoted a tremendous amount of resources to the search , " then-Police Commissioner Ray Kelly told CNN affiliate WABC-TV in October . "  Unfortunately , we are not hopeful that we 're going to find this young man alive , but we are continuing our search . " Fontaine said she wanted police to try new methods . "  I do n't know what the commissioner was thinking of last night by saying that , " she said at the time . "  But my son , he is alive , he is out there . ... -LSB- I -RSB- t 's just that we are not looking in the right places . "	Remains found along East River in Queens may belong to autistic boy , family 's lawyer says Police have notified the family of Avonte Oquendo , who went missing in October His mother is set to provide DNA to investigators , lawyer says
CNN  Some say it 's the most famous , perfectly composed news photo of all time . Monday marks 70 years since Joe Rosenthal captured the iconic picture of five U.S. Marines and a Navy sailor raising an American flag over the battle-scarred Japanese island of Iwo Jima . The image was so inspiring that , by 1945 standards , it went viral . It triggered a wave of national hope that Japanese forces would soon be crushed and peace was near . It spurred millions of Americans to buy war bonds to keep the nation on solid financial footing . Basically , this simple photo was so powerful it helped win World War II . But Rosenthal was just one of several cameramen on the island 's Mount Suribachi that day . Their images reveal the entire story behind the famous picture . They provide clues into the anger and ugly rumors over whether the Pulitzer Prize-winning photo was staged . Hal Buell , a former executive newsphoto editor at the Associated Press , knew Rosenthal . Buell shared with CNN the inside story surrounding the photo . "  The most surprising thing to me is ... that even today there are many people who believe that the picture was posed , " Buell said . "  It still comes up over and over again . " Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . On February 23 , 1945 , Rosenthal , an AP photographer covering the battle for Iwo Jima , had heard Marines were headed up the mountain . He decided to make the climb and see what was going on . But Sgt. Louis Lowery , a Marine photographer for Leatherneck magazine , had beat him to it . Lowery was already on the summit snapping photos of Marines proudly raising the American flag . For miles around , the sight of Old Glory atop the mountain set off whistles , gunfire and celebrations . The noise stirred up a firefight with Japanese soldiers near the summit . Lowery dove for cover and fell 50 feet , smashing his camera . Lowery decided to descend the mountain to get new equipment . On the way , he ran into Rosenthal coming up with two Marines : Pfc. Bob Campbell , who was also a photographer , and Sgt. William Genaust , who was a motion picture photographer . According to Buell , Lowery said , "  Hey , you 're late fellas , there 's already a flag up there . " Lowery told Rosenthal that he should keep going to experience the breathtaking view . As Rosenthal got closer to the summit , the flag began to come into view . "  He stopped and was struck by a wave of emotion about what it cost to put that flag up there , " Buell said . Rosenthal thought about all the bloody fighting and the Marines who sacrificed their lives to capture the mountain . Reaching the top , Rosenthal , Campbell and Genaust spotted a group of Marines holding a second flag . The Marines said they 'd been ordered to replace the first flag with a bigger one so more people could see it below . Suddenly Rosenthal knew he had a second chance to photograph an important moment on the summit . Let 's stop a minute and remember that this was long before today 's sophisticated cameras and digital technology . Photographers took one picture at a time , often with only one opportunity to get the perfect shot . Rosenthal had to quickly decide whether to shoot both flags simultaneously -- one rising while the other lowered -- or to photograph the second flag as it was being raised . He chose to focus on the second flag . Rosenthal 's choice made all the difference . "  Joe did not pose that picture , " Buell said . He explains what happened : "  While the photographers were taking their positions to get the shot , Genaust -- the motion picture photographer -- asked Joe , "  I 'm not in your way , am I ? ' Joe turned to look at Genaust , who suddenly saw the flag rising and said , ` Hey , there she goes ! ' " Up came the flag . Just in time , Rosenthal raised his camera to his eye and took the shot . There it was : a genuine moment in history , artfully captured for all time . "  Like any good , experienced and talented photographer , there 's a sense of anticipation and a sense of shooting a picture at peak action -- and Joe got it , " Buell said . "  You could n't have captured the action at a better peak . A moment earlier , and the flag would have been too low . If it had been a second later , the flag 's staff would have been straight up and the photo would n't have had that strong diagonal line . " This is our cue to talk about the photo 's amazing composition . "  It 's exquisite , " Buell said . "  You have this strong , diagonal line made by the flag staff . You have the flag snapping in the breeze . You have the pyramid-like shape of the Marines pushing the flag up . The men obviously are separate , but they appear as one . The blank background enhances the action by providing no distractions . Also , the photo is gifted with a softly filtered light . A very thin haze of clouds filters the light so that the shadows are n't harsh , but there is detail in all the shadows on the uniforms and the flag . " Think about it : At the exact moment that Genaust cued Rosenthal , sunlight , shadows , wind and the Marines all converged perfectly . What were the chances ? "  I hate to use the word accident , " Buell joked . "  Let 's call it serendipity . " But what about Lowery 's flag photo ? How was the composition of his image ? "  It was perfectly serviceable , " Buell said , because it showed the first flag . The photo shows a Marine in the foreground holding a rifle . In the background is the first flag , snapping in the breeze . But it 's just not a memorable picture , Buell said , which is likely why it never gained fame . It did n't have the same powerful visual message and photographic excellence of Rosenthal 's image . "  There 's just no comparison , " Buell said . "  I mean , we 're talking about the difference between diamonds and glass . " On the other hand , Rosenthal 's "  picture captured the heroism of the whole World War , " Buell said . "  It captured a moment during a ferocious battle and it looked to the future -- to victory and the end of the war . " In fact , the image was so good that critics accused Rosenthal of staging it -- a myth he fought for more than 60 years . The rumor started for a good reason . Rosenthal actually did stage a photo on the summit . But the photo he posed was a different picture that was taken after the famous flag-raising . In the staged photo , Marines posed in front of the flag , victoriously holding their helmets and rifles in the air . That image is referred to as Rosenthal 's "  Gung Ho " Iwo Jima photo . Before he even saw his photos , Rosenthal sent his film by plane to Guam , where it was developed and edited . The famous photo was transmitted by radiofax to San Francisco before it was shared with newspapers across the nation and around the world . When Lowery saw Rosenthal 's photo , Lowery "  was pissed off , " Buell said . Lowery had missed the second flag-raising , so he did n't know what happened . All he knew was that Rosenthal 's photo was on the front page of virtually every newspaper in America , and Lowery 's photo was being ignored . Lowery alleged that Rosenthal 's picture must have been posed . According to Buell , "  someone asked Joe if he posed his picture , and Joe -- thinking they meant the ` Gung Ho ' photo -- said yes . " Minutes later , Rosenthal realized what photo they were talking about and immediately tried to correct his error . Too late . Damage done . Any journalist knows that "  the correction never catches up with the error , " Buell said . "  Joe spent the rest of his life defending what was alleged as a ` phony picture . ' " It took a special meeting in Washington between military officials and editors at Life magazine and AP to put the controversy to rest . "  They came to the conclusion that the picture was not posed , " Buell said . "  It was an authentic news picture of the second flag being raised . " Years later , Rosenthal and Lowery settled their differences . During a Marine event somewhere in the Carolinas , they reunited in a hotel room where they shared a bottle of bourbon , Buell said . Afterward , Lowery acknowledged Rosenthal 's picture was not posed . "  He said it was an honest-to-God picture and they remained friends , " Buell said . "  In fact , Joe attended Lou Lowery 's funeral when he died . " Before Rosenthal died in 2006 at age 94 , he told Buell he never got over the controversy . It always annoyed him -- "  the same charges and allegations over and over , " Buell said . The picture has become almost an unofficial symbol of the Marine Corps and World War II in the Pacific . The Marines embraced it by transforming the photo into a memorial statue in Arlington , Virginia . Hollywood movies have been made about the flag-raising . The U.S. Postal Service featured it on a stamp . Even the shape of the National Museum of the Marine Corps , in Triangle , Virginia , was inspired by Rosenthal 's photo . Buell said that as Rosenthal looked back on his life , he was glad his photo came to represent the bravery and sacrifice of the men he called "  my Marines . "	Many thought the famous photo of U.S. troops raising the flag at Iwo Jima was staged Hal Buell , a former executive newsphoto editor with the Associated Press , explains what happened
CNN  -- Thousands of people across the world railed against corporate power , grinding poverty and government cuts Saturday as the Occupy Wall Street movement spread to the streets of Europe , Asia and Australia -- and took a particularly violent turn in Rome . Firefighters battled a blaze at an Interior Ministry building near Porta San Giovanni in Rome , the main gathering site of the Italian protesters taking part in the Occupy movement Saturday , said eyewitnesses who reported seeing a Molotov cocktail thrown near the building . A spokesman for Mayor Gianni Alemanno , who condemned the violence , confirmed 70 people were injured , 40 of them police officers . No arrest numbers were available late Saturday . Police said hundreds of anarchists in Rome moved in where peaceful demonstrators had gathered as part of the global Occupy movement . The anarchists -- some wearing ski masks and belonging to a group termed "  Black Bloc " -- torched cars , broke windows and clashed with police . "  It 's been completely hijacked by these violent factions , and the police are nervous , and the situation is very tense , " Barbie Nadeau , a Newsweek correspondent , told CNN . "  I myself saw at least -- I would say -- a dozen people who probably needed some hospitalization or some care -- some stitches certainly . " Two police officers were seriously injured and two young men lost parts of their hands in explosions when protesters torched cars , she said . In London , protester Peter Vaughn , reflecting the mood of many in the crowd there , said people criticized financial institutions that have "  gambled away our money . " "  We 're giving people a real voice against a government that just ignored us , " he said . One protester in Belleville , France , referring to the country 's leaders , said government is n't listening to the people and dialogue with them is impossible . "  You are not listening to us , whatever we do , however we vote , however we demonstrate . It does not give any result . Quite the opposite , as poverty and austerity plans continue . So we ca n't go on like this so we are getting out and showing ourselves , " he said . The protests spread amid the growing financial crises for several Western countries . Finance ministers with the Group of 20 , meeting in Paris , pledged Saturday to take "  all necessary actions " to stabilize global markets and ensure that banks are well capitalized . Europeans turned out amid debt troubles and austerity plans in Greece , Belgium , Italy , Spain , Ireland , Portugal and Germany . United for Global Change -- the central site for the movement organizing worldwide protests -- said 951 cities in 82 countries were to take part in the demonstrations after online organizers called for a worldwide rally . More than 10,000 demonstrators of all ages gathered peacefully in Madrid 's spacious Plaza de Cibeles on Saturday and than walked uphill to Puerta del Sol . The "  May 15 Movement " started five months ago to the day over austerity measures and high unemployment . Some demonstrators said they felt Spain 's protest had gone global and that the world had joined the movement started in their country . The newspaper El Pais said tens of thousands of protesters turned out in Barcelona . Around the world , protesters marched , listened to speeches , and displayed banners reading anti-corporate slogans , including the now ubiquitous "  we are the 99 % , " "  Banks are cancer " and tax the rich 1 % . " The vandalism that erupted in Rome angered peaceful protesters . There were car fires and masked people breaking windows at banks and stores , where many thousands faced a large police presence . Firefighters were working to contain the blaze and the tensions calmed down in the evening hours . But the echo of Molotov cocktails could be heard and a lingering cloud of black smoke could be seen , Nadeau told CNN . In Germany , police used pepper spray on two protesters who crossed beyond police lines . Still , the demonstrations across the world were peaceful overall , inspired by the protests in the United States . In London , WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange spoke to demonstrators . The demonstrations are contained to an area in front of St. Paul 's Cathedral . There have also been three arrests , two for assault on police . "  What is happening here today is a culmination of greed that many people all over the world have worked towards from Cairo to London , " Assange said . Tens of thousands demonstrated in German cities , witnesses said . Peaceful protests with a festive atmosphere blended with a mood of anger toward big business , where demonstrators carried signs saying "  Goldman Sucks , " "  Eat Cash , " "  People should not be afraid of their government , " and "  The government should be afraid of their people . " "  They are stealing our rights , " one banner read at a demonstration of several thousand people in Madrid . Canadians turned out in Toronto , with placards jutting up from a crowd saying "  Arrest the 1 % " and "  Stop ignoring the youth , we are your tomorrow . " A sign on a dog said "  99 % against  corporate  fat cats . " Retired businessman Wong Chi Keung , in Hong Kong , said , "  We should not let the banks get away with being big bullies . " Debbie Chen works for a group protesting against Apple 's treatment of its workers in China . "  As the world 's most valuable company they earn the lion 's share while the workers on the production line earn only 1 % of the selling price of an iPhone . We hope there can be more even distribution of profits , " she said . About 200 people marched through Tokyo carrying various signs , including "  No More Nukes and "  Free Tibet . " The crowd included children jumping and skipping behind the adults . Some protesters wore costumes -- including a giant panda . "  I 'm here because young Japanese people are suffering for losing their jobs , but not many speak out their issue to the public , " said Kesao Murakami . "  I really want young people to appeal forcefully to the public saying , ` We are in trouble . ' " In the Indonesian capital of Jakarta , about two dozen people -- some wearing masks -- gathered near the U.S. Embassy . "  We wanted to show that the American regime , its system of imperialism needs to be destroyed , " said Rudi Daman , leader of the International League of Peoples ' Struggle . The group urged its chapters to stage a global day of action against "  imperialist plunder , repression and war . " Australian cities of Melbourne and Sydney joined rallies against "  corporate greed " as protesters aligned themselves with the global movement . "  Our protests are to show our solidarity with Occupy Wall Street and also protest various problems -- from indigenous issues in this country to government problems , " said Alex Gard , one of the Melbourne organizers . "  We know we have it better than the protesters in the States ... but there are still problems in this country . " Organizers urged protesters to bring sleeping bags and other soft items to sleep on . "  I 've heard people say they plan to be there for days , even months , " Gard said . Organizers worldwide started social media pages on Facebook and Twitter devoted to "  October 15 " â $ " #O15 on Twitter â $ " urging protesters to join the global call for protests . The worldwide movement is galvanized by the Occupy Wall Street movement started last month as a backlash against the economy and what demonstrators say is an out-of-touch corporate , financial and political elite . Occupy Wall Street organizers say they are inspired by the Arab Spring that led to the toppling of regimes in Tunisia and Egypt . The founding movement in the United States has spread to other major cities in the nation . CNN 's Junko Ogura , Kathy Quiano , Per Nyberg , Laura Perez-Maestro , Al Goodman , Livia Borghese , Erin McLaughlin , Diana Magnay , Ben Brumfield and Tim Schwarz contributed to this report	70 are injured in Rome clashes The predominantly peaceful protests are inspired by Occupy Wall Street Julian Assange addresses the crowd in London Calls for the protests began on Facebook and Twitter
CNN  From the Plains to the Northeast , a second brutal winter storm in a week has left behind a deadly trail and record amounts of snow . You can see it in the aftermath : Canceled classes , grounded flights and massive piles of snow along roadways . And we 're only in early February . The Boston area has gotten the worst of it . Bean Town set a new record for snowiest seven-day period in the city 's history with 40.2 inches , the National Weather Service reported . Boston 's average annual snowfall is 47 inches . The city has already gotten more than that over the last two weeks . It 's a similar story in Chicago where the latest storm dumped 19.3 inches of snow . The 16.2 inches recorded at O'Hare International Airport just Sunday were the most ever for any February day in the Windy City . The city got as much snow Sunday as it had in all of January , Mayor Rahm Emanuel said . And to add insult to injury . "  We do n't have this much snow in Alaska right now , " Chicago visitors Emma Marks and Daniel Dobbs told CNN affiliate WLS . Authorities say at least 10 people have died as a result of the storm . In Weymouth , Massachusetts , on Monday , a 57-year old pedestrian died after she was struck by a snowplow . The accident occurred at a condominium complex , and the incident is under investigation . Two people died in car accidents in Nebraska as a result of slippery roads Sunday . The deaths occurred in Saunders and Lancaster counties , authorities said . In Ohio , Toledo Police Officer Michael Greenwood died while shoveling snow at home Sunday , a police spokesman said . The six other deaths are one in Michigan , two in New York , two in Wisconsin and one in Pennsylvania . Boston declared a snow emergency and banned on-street parking as snow piled up . City schools will be closed again Tuesday . The storm even forced Boston Mayor Marty Walsh to postpone the victory parade for the New England Patriots , who won the Super Bowl on Sunday night . The parade , which had been scheduled for Tuesday , will now happen a day later . New Yorkers were told to be prepared for roads and sidewalks to turn icy as temperatures plummeted . Overnight lows hit the single digits with wind chills knocking them into negative numbers . Back in the Midwest , scores of schools closed Monday as Chicago coped with the snow . Most schools systems will be back open Tuesday . In Omaha , Nebraska , wet , heavy snow tested even heavy-duty snow blowers , CNN affiliate KETV reported . "  It kept coming and coming and coming , " Frank Halpine said . Monday was another ugly day for air travelers as more than 4,300 flights were canceled , according to Flightaware.com . Another 500 flights have been scrubbed for Tuesday as well . United , Delta , American , Virgin America , U.S. Airways , Southwest , Spirit and JetBlue all issued waivers that allow travelers to change flights without a penalty . The air travel headache started over the weekend , with thousands of flights canceled Sunday , many of them in and out of Chicago . Boston , New York and Detroit were also hard hit . Pennsylvania groundhog Punxsutawney Phil did n't have to suffer the snow , but still forecast six more weeks of winter at his annual Groundhog Day appearance Monday . Legend has it that if Phil sees his shadow , there will be six more weeks of winter weather . If he does n't , there will be an early spring . Nan Moore , who was visiting Punxsutawney to witness the prediction , correctly predicted the rodent 's forecast . "  He 's going to see his shadow , " she said . "  We 're going to get more winter . " CNN 's Michael Pearson , Faith Karimi , Joe Sutton and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	At least 10 people have died because of the storm , authorities say Boston postpones Patriots ' Super Bowl parade Punxsutawney Phil predicts six more weeks of winter
New York  CNN  -- The convicted architect of a plot to blow up jet-fuel supply tanks and a pipeline at New York City 's John F. Kennedy International Airport is suspected of having conspired to murder one of his attorneys , among others , while in jail , according to a letter unsealed in Brooklyn federal court . Russell Defreitas allegedly asked his fellow prisoners to help him carry out several murders , according to a March 2010 letter from prosecutors to Defreitas ' attorneys , which was released Tuesday . He allegedly told a fellow inmate that he wanted his attorney , Mildred Whalen , whom he described as "  Jewish , " dead "  because she is the reason his first attorney was removed from the case . " Whalen told CNN that she thought the claims were "  ridiculous " and that she never felt threatened by Defreitas . The letter says Defreitas also threatened to kill a witness named "  Rutherford , " as well as an unnamed prosecutor . According to the inmate , who is identified in the letter as "  W1 , " Defreitas said that his co-defendant in the JFK plot , Abdel Nur , told him that the prosecutor "  had to go . " Defreitas asked the inmate to contact his wife in Guyana and to deliver these messages to her , in exchange for a "  promotion in Muslim ranks " and access to Defreitas ' "  contacts , " the letter says . Another target of Defreitas ' alleged prison plot included Steve Francis , an informant who secretly taped Defreitas and his JFK plot conspirators . He allegedly discussed plans to kill Francis with a second prisoner , identified in the letter as "  W2 . " Defreitas told the prisoner that he thought Francis had taped around 150 hours of recordings regarding the JFK plot , but had recently found out that there were more than 300 hours , the letter detailed . He allegedly told the prisoner that "  the only way to beat the case now was to have Francis killed , " according to the letter . The prisoner apparently would have been paid by Defreitas ' associate , Harry Baptiste , in exchange for murdering Francis . Defreitas ' former attorney , Whalen , said the allegations were unsubstantiated , which is why they were not admitted during trial . Defreitas , a U.S. citizen from Guyana , was sentenced to life in prison last year for masterminding the airport plot . CNN 's Jonathan Noah contributed to this report	Russell Defreitas allegedly asked his fellow prisoners to help him carry out several murders His attorney said she thought the claims were "  ridiculous " and that she never felt threatened Defreitas was sentenced to life in prison last year for masterminding the airport plot
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- He is the international superstar responsible for breathing life into the iconic comic book hero Wolverine . Her movies have earned more than $ 2 billion worldwide , including the entire "  X-Men " franchise . Hugh Jackman emerges as Wolverine in "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine , " which opened Friday . Actor Hugh Jackman and film producer Lauren Shuler Donner recently sat down for a candid conversation about their new film , "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine . " Specifically , the pair talked about the scene in which Jackman 's character is transformed from a simple mutant with bony claws that periodically protrude from the back of his hands to an invincible mutant filled with an indestructible metal called adamantium . This scene represents the ultimate birth of a comic legend as the character is transformed from Logan to Wolverine . Watch the scene in which Wolverine is unleashed " Hugh Jackman : I knew this was the birth of the character ; this is where we see him in full flight . It 's called in the comic book "  berserker rage . " It 's not really in the English language , but it may be now ! But , this idea that this complete animal -LSB- has been -RSB- unleashed , which is obviously the entire story -- this battle between the animal and human is something we all relate to . Lauren Shuler Donner : There were many things he had to do in the tank , you know . One of them was he had to be lowered , and then the needles had to come towards him . Now , most of those were CGI , so he had to look in certain places where the needles were . But , he could n't hear -LSB- director -RSB- Gavin -LSB- Hood -RSB- . So they ... tried all kinds of sounds , speakers , everything . ... They finally devised this toe method where , if Gavin pulled on Hugh 's big toe , it meant the things are coming , the second toe is this , the last toe is rise up , very sophisticated .  laughter Jackman : I had in my head that I 've got to be in much better shape -- not better shape , different shape , kind of ridiculous shape because I wanted it to be uncomfortable . I wanted it to feel like I felt when I saw Robert De Niro in "  Cape Fear , " that -- whoa , this guy is dangerous , he 's powerful , he 's dangerous , and he can snap at any point . Donner : There 's an iconic drawing of Wolverine coming out of the tank in the comics with the things popping out of him and his hair all over him in a rage , and we wanted to be that image . That 's the image we wanted for the fans . Jackman : I was a little frightened when I watched it , like , "  Is that me ? " -LSB- My wife -RSB- Deb was like , "  Hugh , this is ridiculous . I do n't even know who that is . "	Hugh Jackman plays Wolverine in "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine " To create the character , Jackman wanted to be in "  ridiculous shape " How to contact Jackman underwater ? Director used a "  toe method "
Washington  CNN  -- A crew member aboard a U.S. Navy ship accidentally fired a machine gun into the Polish port city of Gdynia on Wednesday while cleaning the weapon , Navy officials said Friday . Three rounds were fired from an M240 machine gun into the town but no injuries or damage were reported , officials said . The gun , aboard the USS Ramage , a Navy destroyer , is used to defend the ship in close combat . Navy officials said a crew member was cleaning the weapon when it accidentally discharged . The incident happened as the ship was in port after returning from an international exercise in the Baltic Sea . It was preparing to leave later that day , the Navy said . Polish military police boarded the ship to investigate , and Navy officials said the crew of the Ramage fully cooperated . No U.S. sailors were taken into custody by Polish authorities , Navy officials said . There was no immediate word of a U.S. Navy investigation into the incident .	Crew member cleaning a machine gun that fires into city of Gdynia No injuries or damage reported , officials say Gun is used to defend ship , USS Ramage , in close combat
CNN  -- For some , a Twix bar is the delicious chocolate-caramel candy with a cookie crunch . But for Robert McKevitt , a Twix cost him his job and , he says , his house and girlfriend . On October 22 , McKevitt , a veteran , was working his shift as a forklift operator at Polaris Industries ' plant in Milford , Iowa . It was a temp job that he had secured thanks , in part , to a government program that gives companies tax credits for hiring veterans . McKevitt , 27 , toured Kosovo and Afghanistan as part of the Army National Guard . "  It was about halfway into my shift and I had a few extra minutes . I was going to the restroom and the vending machine was next to it , " McKevitt told CNN by phone from his brother 's home in Spirit Lake , Iowa . "  I was going to grab a candy bar and then go to the restroom . " McKevitt said Thursday he was riding his forklift and as he approached the restroom he noticed the vending machine was a few feet from the wall . "  I thought it was a safety hazard , " he said . "  I do n't know why I decided I wanted a candy bar , but I did . So I put in a dollar and it spun like it was going to give out the candy bar , but it did n't . It got hung up on the spiral thing that ejects the candy bar . " What happened next is a matter of debate between McKevitt , Polaris Industries and a judge . According to a legal decision filed by an administrative judge with Iowa Workforce Development , McKevitt was involved in "  misconduct . " The document , the result of an unemployment claim appeal filed by McKevitt , contains a statement from a Polaris representative saying that McKevitt "  was observed by a supervisor lifting a candy machine about one to two feet off the ground with a forklift and then dropping the machine to the ground , which he repeated fix or six times . " "  When confronted , " it reads , "  he had gotten about three candy bars out of the machine , and he claimed he had only shaken the machine to get out the candy bars that he had paid for that had not dropped on their own . As a result of this conduct , the employer discharged the claimant . " Though he was fired in October , and the judge denied his unemployment claim in December , the Des Moines Register covered McKevitt 's story Wednesday , pushing it into national headlines . McKevitt told CNN his version of what happened after the Twix got stuck . "  I tried shaking it by hand , but it did n't do anything . Then I tried putting in another dollar and nothing happened . I could see the candy bar dangling and I was already having a rough day . My girlfriend was nine months ' pregnant and it was rough , " recalled McKevitt . "  I shook the machine and the candy bar dropped so I was happy about that . But then I was upset that I had spent two dollars on a 90-cent candy bar , " he said . "  Then I took it upon myself to move the machine back with the forklift . " At this point , McKevitt said , a supervisor showed up and assumed the worst . "  It may have looked like I was stealing candy bars , but the machine stole money from me , " he said . The next day , according to McKevitt , he met with human resources and his supervisors to discuss the incident and a day later he was suspended , pending an investigation . "  I was fired two days after my daughter ... was born , " he said . After he was fired , the financial stress proved too much for McKevitt . His relationship with the mother of his daughter ended and , unable to make rent payments , McKevitt moved out of his house and in with his brother . McKevitt filed for unemployment , which Polaris denied . "  At that point I realized no one was going to hear my part of the story , " said McKevitt , who filed an appeal with Iowa Workforce Development , including a 17-page letter detailing his side of the story . But , as bad luck would have it , McKevitt says he never got the notice for his hearing , so he skipped it . Only after his benefits were denied in appeal did he realize he had missed his chance to set the record straight . "  I had to take a job at Walmart making about half of what I was making at Polaris . I 'm making just under $ 9 an hour and before I was making about $ 16 an hour , " McKevitt said . "  This issue was blown way out of proportion . "	Robert McKevitt , 27 , was fired from Polaris Industries ' plant in Milford A supervisor saw him lifting , then dropping a candy machine with a forklift -- repeatedly McKevitt : "  This issue was blown way out of proportion "
CNN  -- Venice has suffered its worst flooding in 22 years , leaving some parts of the historic Italian city neck-deep in water , reports said Monday . A woman wades through high waters in Venice 's Piazza San Marco . Water burst the banks of the coastal city 's famed canals , leaving the landmark Piazza San Marco -- St Mark 's Square -- under almost a meter of water at one point , news agency ANSA reported . Strong winds pushed waters to a high of 1.56 meters  5 feet 2 inches  at 10:45 a.m. local time , prompting the city government to issue warnings to the public , the agency said . The flood level began to drop soon afterwards , prompted by a change in the direction of the wind . Previous highs include 1.58 meters in 1986 and 1.66 meters in 1979 , the news agency said . Watch more about the flooding " Photographs showed people wading through inundated piazzas and waves lapping over waterside cafe tables . Venice , built around a network of canals and small islands , has for years been trying to tackle the problem of floods that have regularly blighted the city . In 2007 , the United Nations cultural organization UNESCO warned Venice -- a designated World Heritage Site -- is under threat from rising sea levels caused by climate change . See pictures of Venetians wading through flood waters . " It said that unless the problem is tackled , Venice could be flooded daily and water levels would permanently rise by 54 centimeters in the city by the year 2100 .	Venice reportedly suffering one of its worst floods in 22 years Landmark Piazza San Marco under almost a meter of water at one point UNESCO has warned Venice at risk of high waters caused by climate change
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Wednesday described as "  dangerous " and "  regrettable " the actions of a Chinese navy ship that Tokyo says put a radar-lock on a Japanese vessel last week . His comments come amid severely strained relations between the two Asian powers over a set of disputed islands in the East China Sea . The tensions over the islands -- which Japan currently administers but both countries claim sovereignty over -- have resulted in maritime standoffs and the scrambling of Japanese fighter jets in recent months . In the latest incident , Japan accused the Chinese navy ship of using radar to gather information on the location of a Japanese warship in the East China Sea . That type of radar could be used to produce data needed to fire upon the Japanese vessel . "  This is dangerous action that could have brought about an unexpected situation , " Abe , who took office in December , said in parliament Wednesday . The prime minister , seen as more hawkish than his predecessor , Yoshihiko Noda , urged Beijing to show restraint "  so that the situation does n't escalate . " Dispute explained : How a remote rock split China and Japan The Japanese foreign ministry summoned the Chinese ambassador for a meeting Tuesday to lodge a formal protest regarding the accusations . Japanese Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera said Tuesday that Tokyo also suspects that China put a radar-lock on a Japanese navy helicopter on January 19 . Japan repels Taiwan activists near disputed islands China accuses Japan of provocations China countered on Tuesday that it has been conducting regular patrols in Chinese waters and asked Japan not to interfere . "  We think the top priority for now is for Japan to stop all provocative actions it has been doing as sending ships and flights into Diaoyu islands sea and air space , " Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Hua Chunying said , using the Chinese name for the disputed islands . The Japanese call the small , uninhabited islands the Senkakus . Near them are important shipping lanes , rich fishing grounds and possible oil deposits . The United States is "  concerned " about the latest maritime incident between China and Japan , according to Victoria Nuland , the spokeswoman for the State Department . "  Actions such as this escalate tensions and increase the risk of an incident or a miscalculation , and they could undermine peace , stability and economic growth in this vital region , " Nuland said at a regular news briefing Tuesday . The United States has tried to avoid getting dragged into the dispute , saying it does n't take sides on such competing claims of sovereignty . But officials have admitted that the islands fall under a mutual security treaty between Washington and Tokyo . Asia 's disputed islands -- who claims what ? Relations soured by a sale Disagreement over who owns the remote , rocky islands soured diplomatic and economic relations between Japan and China since September , soon after Japan announced it had bought several of the disputed islands from private Japanese owners . The deal was struck in part to prevent the islands from being bought by the controversial Tokyo Gov. Shintaro Ishihara , who had called for donations for a public fund to buy them . China was outraged , as were protesters who marched through several Chinese cities calling for boycotts of Japanese products and asserting Beijing 's sovereignty over the islands . Some of the protests turned violent and damage to Japanese offices and businesses was reported . Dangerous Rocks : Can both sides back off peacefully ? In December , the dispute escalated when Japan scrambled fighter jets after a Chinese plane was seen near the islands . A number of Chinese ships have also entered contested waters despite warnings from the Japanese Coast Guard . China says its claim extends back hundreds of years . Japan says it saw no trace of Chinese control of the islands in an 1885 survey , so formally recognized them as Japanese sovereign territory in 1895 . Japan then sold the islands in 1932 to descendants of the original settlers . The Japanese surrender at the end of World War II in 1945 only served to cloud the issue further . The islands were administered by the U.S. occupation force after the war . But in 1972 , Washington returned them to Japan as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa . Taiwan , which Beijing regards as a breakaway province , also lays claim to the islands . But the self-governing island has seldom rigorously advanced its claims because of an unwillingness to risk its good relationship with Japan , said Alan Dupont , a strategic analyst at the University of New South Wales in Sydney . He said last year that Taiwan 's decision to become more assertive was a response to actions taken by China and Japan in the second half of 2012 , as well as concerns over access to fishing and marine resources . Last week , Japanese Coast Guard ships fired water cannons and shouted warnings at a boat carrying activists from Taiwan who were attempting to land on the islands .	China rejects complaints about its navy patrols by Japan Japan had accused China of using radar to track a Japanese ship and helicopter Taiwan , China and Japan are disputing a group of islands China says it is patrolling its waters near the islands
Beijing  CNN  -- Chinese communists need to fight corruption if China 's ruling party is to survive , China 's president said Friday . "  The Party is soberly aware of the gravity and danger of corruption , " said Hu Jintao , who as president also serves as general secretary of the Communist Party of China . He warned that fighting corruption remains "  a major political task the  communist  party must attend to at all times " to ensure survival . Hu spoke in a meeting marking the 90th year anniversary of the CPC . Over 6,000 invited guests , mostly top communist and government leaders and prominent party members from all walks of life , gathered in the cavernous Great Hall of the People for the gala event . For the occasion , the podium was bedecked with a giant CPC emblem , hammer and sickle , and several red flags . Hu delivered the keynote speech that lasted more than one hour . He ticked off the CPC 's achievements over the past 90 years . "  China has developed rapidly in the past 30 plus years thanks to reform and opening up , and the country must promote its future development by continuing to carry out reform and opening up , " he intoned . But he also warned that the party is facing "  long-term , complicated and severe tests in governing the country . " The major challenges for the party , he pointed out , includes "  lacking in drive , incompetence , divorce from people , lacking in initiative , and corruption . " To cope with these "  growing dangers , " Hu urged the party to "  police itself and impose strict discipline on its members . " He stressed that the party 's survival largely depends on "  cracking hard on and effectively preventing corruption . " If not handled properly , he warned , corruption will "  cost the party the trust and support of the people . " In 2010 , according to Central Commission for Discipline Inspection , the CPC 's anti-corruption body , 146,517 party members were punished for corruption . Among them , 5,373 were criminally prosecuted . High-profile corruption cases involving senior officials , experts say , have dented the CPC 's reputation and popularity . Still , the CPC remains the biggest ruling political party in the world . It boasts of more than 80 million members , or 16 % of China 's 1.3 billion population . Among them 24.3 % are below 35 years old , and 37.1 % have college or higher educations , according to Qinfeng Wang , the vice minister of Organization Department of the Central Committee of the CPC . Hu called on "  outstanding individuals in all fields " , especially among the youth , to join as party members . One of CPC 's challenge , experts say , is how to attract young Chinese , especially those who were born after 1980 , many of who perceive the CPC as irrelevant to their daily lives . "  The whole party must care about young people , listen to what they have to say , " Hu said , because the young people "  represent the future and the hope of the party . " Hu also acknowledged the zigs and zags the CPC took in its 90-year evolution . "  We made mistakes and even suffered severe setbacks in some historical periods , " he said . Hu did n't elaborate on the CPC 's setbacks . Instead , he said the cause of those mistakes is that "  the guiding principles of the party at the time were divorced from the real conditions in China . " The CPC 's top brass attended the meeting , including Premier Wen Jiabao , Vice President Xi Jinping , who is expected to succeed Hu as communist partry chief next year , and Vice Premier Li Keqiang , who is expected to replace Wen as premier in 2013 . CPC was founded in 1921 . It took power in China in 1949 after toppling the Kuomintang  Nationalist Party  regime and founding the People 's Republic of China . It has since ruled as the single dominant part in the country . Under CPC rule , the Chinese government in recent years has been confronting a slew of intractable problems , including corruption , a growing gap between the rich and the poor and environmental degradation . In recent months , the Communist Party has tightened political control after anonymous calls on cyberspace for a Middle-East inspired "  jasmine revolution " triggered jitters in the Chinese leadership . Hu called on the party members to unite and seek social stability . "  Without stability , nothing could be done , and even the achievements already made could be lost , " he said .	China 's president says party must fight corruption to survive His speech comes on the 90th anniversary of the Communist Part of China In 2010 , 146,517 party members were punished for corruption
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Friday she did not come to Pakistan for "  happy talk . " Her three-day trip is aimed at getting frank , open discussions going about the fight against terrorism , and that includes presenting U.S. concerns about how much success Pakistan is having , she said . In an interview with CNN , Clinton said it 's time to "  clear the air " with a key U.S. ally . She added , "  I do n't think the way you deal with negative feelings is to pretend they 're not there . " "  I think it 's important , if we are going to have the kind of cooperative partnership , that I think is in the best interest of both of our countries , for me to express some of the questions that are on the minds of the American people , " Clinton told CNN 's Jill Dougherty . The secretary 's comments came a day after she seemed to question the commitment of some in the Pakistani government for going after the leaders of al Qaeda , who U.S. intelligence experts believe are taking refuge in Pakistan 's remote tribal areas . "  Al Qaeda has had safe haven in Pakistan since 2002 , " she told a group of Pakistani journalists Thursday . "  I find it hard to believe that nobody in your government knows where they are and could n't get them if they really wanted to . " She added , "  Maybe they 're not gettable . I do n't know . " In the CNN interview Friday , Clinton said she was not suggesting that someone inside the government might be complicit with al Qaeda or might be failing to follow through in fighting the terrorist group . "  No , no , " she said . "  What I was responding to is what I have been really doing on this trip , which is there exists a trust deficit , certainly on the part of Pakistanis toward the United States , toward our intentions and our actions . And yet we have so much in common , we face a common threat . We certainly have a common enemy in extremism and terrorism , and so part of what I have been doing is answering every single charge , every question . " Trust "  is a two-way street , " she added . While Pakistan 's military operation has been "  extremely courageous in both Swat and now in South Waziristan , success there is not sufficient , " she said . " ... I just want to keep putting on the table that we have some concerns as well . And I think ... that 's the kind of relationship I 'm looking to build here . " Asked whether she had underestimated the level of anti-American sentiment in Pakistan , Clinton said , "  No , because I 've been following the research and the polling that 's gone on for a couple of years . I knew that we were inheriting a pretty negative situation that we were going to have to address . " That 's why she wanted three days in the country , "  a long trip for a secretary of state , " she said . "  I wanted to demonstrate that , look , we are not coming here claiming that everything we 've done is perfect . I 've admitted to mistakes by our country going back in time , but I 've also reminded people that we 've been partners and allies from the beginning of Pakistan 's inception as a country . Pakistan has helped us on several important occasions , and we are very grateful for that . So let 's begin to clear the air here . " Clinton also commented on Iran , as the United States seeks clarification on whether the nation will agree to a deal brokered by the International Atomic Energy Agency aimed at resolving a dispute about Iran 's nuclear program . "  I am going to let the process play out , but clearly we are working to determine exactly what they are willing to do , " Clinton said . The secretary made a vow to Israeli and Palestinian leaders during the CNN interview as well . "  We 're going to do everything we can to try to clear away whatever concerns that the parties have , to actually get them into negotiations where they then can thrash out all of these difficult issues , " she said . "  I think I 'm pretty realistic about what has to be overcome for there to be the level of acceptance that is required to get into these negotiations , " she added . "  But remember , prior to negotiations , people stake out all kinds of positions , and then in the caldron of actually getting down to specifics , that all begins to be worked out . " She referred to the experience of former President Bill Clinton . "  I watched in the '90s as my husband just kept pushing and pushing and pushing , and good things happened . There was n't a final agreement , but fewer people died , there were more opportunities for economic development , for trade , for exchanges . It had positive effects , even though it did n't cross the finish line . So I think that being involved at the highest levels sends a message of our seriousness of purpose . "	Hillary Clinton says she aims to address questions that Americans are thinking about She says she wants frank talk about fight against terrorism , including U.S. concerns On Thursday , she said she wondered why terrorists had n't been found and dealt with She said she was n't suggesting Pakistan was complicit with al Qaeda or did n't want to fight it
CNN  -- Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger said Monday he wo n't appeal the six-game suspension imposed by the National Football League and apologized to his teammates and fans for a night out that left him under a Georgia prosecutor 's microscope . "  Missing games will be devastating for me , " Roethlisberger said in a statement issued through the team . "  I am sorry to let down my teammates and the entire Steelers fan base . I am disappointed that I have reached this point and will not put myself in this situation again . " Roethlisberger , who led the Steelers to Super Bowl titles in 2006 and 2009 , faced the threat of criminal charges after a woman accused him of raping her in a Milledgeville , Georgia , bar during a night of drinking in March . The quarterback 's lawyer said no sexual assault took place , and prosecutors decided earlier this month that they could not prove a crime had been committed . But NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell slapped the quarterback with a six-game suspension for "  conduct detrimental to the NFL " last week , ordering him to undergo a "  comprehensive behavioral evaluation by medical professionals , " follow their recommendations and "  avoid situations that can cause legal or other problems . " If Roethlisberger complies , the suspension could be cut to four games , or it could be extended if he does n't , the league said . In his statement , Roethlisberger said the suspension imposed last week "  speaks clearly that more is expected of me , " and he promised to "  make the necessary improvements " in his behavior . "  Though I have committed no crime , I regret that I have fallen short of the values instilled in me by my family , " he said . "  I will not appeal the suspension and will comply with what is asked of me -- and more . " The 28-year-old quarterback owns a home at a lake near Milledgeville , Georgia , about 115 miles southeast of Atlanta . Fred Bright , the district attorney in Milledgeville , told reporters at a news conference announcing the decision that Roethlisberger should "  grow up . " But he added , "  We do not prosecute morals . We prosecute crimes . "	Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback wo n't appeal six-game suspension Ben Roethlisberger also apologizes to his teammates and his fans Woman had accused him of raping her in a Milledgeville , Georgia , bar DA on not pursuing charges : "  We do not prosecute morals . We prosecute crimes . "
CNN  -- Gunmen shot and killed a food monitor for the United Nations ' World Food Program on Thursday , the second killing of a WFP humanitarian worker in Somalia in three days , a spokesman for the agency said Thursday . Mohamud Omar Moallim , a food monitor for the United Nations , was killed in Somalia on Thursday , the U.N. says . Peter Smerdon said Mohamud Omar Moallim , 49 , was shot by unidentified gunmen while distributing food to displaced people at Daynile , 6 miles  10 kilometers  northwest of Mogadishu . The gunmen put Moallim 's body in a WFP vehicle and drove away , then pushed the corpse from the vehicle and drove on , Smerdon said . Moallim joined WFP in 1993 and worked until 1995 as a logistics assistant . He rejoined the agency in May 2006 as a food monitor . He was abducted in September 2008 for 16 hours outside Mogadishu . He leaves two wives and 11 children . Colleagues said Moallim was calm , extremely hard-working and highly responsible and was often consulted for advice and support by other staff members . On Tuesday , three masked men shot and killed 44-year-old Somali national Ibrahim Hussein Duale while he was monitoring food distribution at a school in Yubsan village , near the Gedo regional capital of Garbahare , the WFP said . Witnesses say the gunmen approached Duale while he was seated , ordered him to stand up and then shot him , according to the account on the WFP Web site . Duale leaves a wife and five children . He joined WFP in 2006 as a food monitor in the Gedo region , which borders Kenya and Ethiopia .	U.N. aid worker shot by unidentified gunman while handing out food , U.N. says Attackers threw body in car , drove off , then dumped body , says U.N. spokesman Another aid worker shot on Tuesday while distributing food at a school , U.N. says Both the slain humanitarian workers leave behind families
He 's the Internet 's own monster , a ghoul who lurks in its darkest corners and , like the Web itself , has mutated time and again to suit the dreams and desires of his devotees . He is Slenderman , a menacing , faceless specter in a dark suit -- sometimes portrayed with octopus-like tentacles -- known to haunt children and those who seek to expose him . He was born in 2009 in an online forum for people who enjoy creating fake supernatural images . And , on Saturday , police say , he played a role in the attempted murder of a 12-year-old girl in suburban Milwaukee by two female classmates who stabbed her 19 times . According to police , the girls said the attack was meant to impress the fictitious bogeyman . To be clear , the origin story of the monstrous character  sometimes referred to as The Slender Man  in no way urged readers to kill to earn his favor . But Slenderman has undergone hundreds of permutations online in his five-year existence . In June 2009 , a Photoshop contest for images that appeared to be paranormal was launched in a forum on the website Something Awful . According to Know Your Meme , a blog that chronicles Web culture , the goal of the contest was to create the images and then use them to fool , or "  troll , " other Web users by submitting them to paranormal websites . Site member Eric Knudsen  under the screen name "  Victor Surge "  submitted two images to the contest , both black-and-white images of children , one of which appeared to show a largely undefined figure lurking in the background . They were presented as being from 1984 , and one included the text " ` We did n't want to go , we did n't want to kill them , but its persistent silence and outstretched arms horrified and comforted us at the same time ... ' -- 1983 , photographer unknown , presumed dead . "  Know Your Meme has documented these posts , although links to the original thread no longer work . A day later , according to Know Your Meme , Knudsen added a third photo and a fictional doctor 's account of a mass killing . And , from there , Slenderman 's assault on the Internet began . "  Some people joked in the thread , ` Would n't it be funny if some of these ended up on those paranormal websites or someone said these pictures look real , ' " Knudsen said in an interview this year with WNYC 's "  TLDR " podcast . "  But I do n't think anyone really expected that to happen . " Other Something Awful users began creating their own Slenderman stories . And they spread to other sites . Over the past five years , he 's appeared in fan art , short stories , videos , video games and other media all over the Web . A Google search for "  Slenderman " on Tuesday returned more than 4 million results . "  Marble Hornets " is one of the most popular permutations . It 's a video series on YouTube , presented in "  Blair Witch Project " - like faux-documentary style , with nearly 380,000 subscribers . Slenderman has also been a popular subject of "  creepypasta , " a form of Web-based short fiction . A play on the term "  copypasta , " which itself is derived from the keyboard action "  copy-paste , " creepypasta is horror fiction written with the Web in mind and , often , done in a style that makes it appear like a news item or other piece of true crime . The girls accused in the Milwaukee stabbing told police they knew the character from the Creepypasta Wiki , a site that compiles such fiction . The site has issued a statement condemning the attack . "  This is an isolated incident , and does  not  represent ... the Creepypasta community as a whole , " the statement reads . "  This wiki does not endorse or advocate for killing , worship , and otherwise replication of rituals of fictional works . There is a line of between fiction and reality , and it is up to you to realize where the line is . We are a literature site , not a satanic cult . " Knudsen , too , has lamented losing control of his creation . "  I feel like less of a creator and more of an administrator , in a lot of respects , or the manager , " he told NPR in the interview from January . Knudsen , who could not be immediately reached for comment , has filed for a copyright on the character . "  I feel like I 'm Slenderman 's manager , and he 's out there doing his thing , and I need to just kind of watch him and take care of him . " When can kids understand reality vs. fantasy ?	"  Slenderman " character allegedly inspired 12-year-old girls to stab a classmate Slenderman was born in 2009 in an online forum for people who create fake supernatural images He 's appeared in fan art , short stories , videos , video games on Web Police : Girls said the attack was meant to impress the fictitious bogeyman
CNN  -- It 's nicknamed "  The Kingdom in the Sky " -- where blue , chilly skies linger over barren mountains , lush green mountains , snow-covered mountains . This is truly a kingdom of mountains -- the southern African country of Lesotho . But the breathtakingly beautiful landscapes are a tough place to live and some remote highland areas can only be reached on foot or horseback . During winter time , temperatures can drop down to -4 Fahrenheit  -20 C  and bad weather can cut off much of the population for months . The rural mountainsides are where boys as young as five tend cattle and sheep . They are the herd boys of Lesotho , often spending months or even years away from their families . It is estimated that around a third of Lesotho 's school-aged boys are shepherds . Becoming a shepherd is a cultural obligation in the country and often deprives young boys of any form of education . Instead , they lead isolated lives . "  I wake up at seven in the morning . I boil some water and take a bath . I clean my surroundings and prepare for the day ahead . Then I take the cattle to the grazing field , " says 17-year-old shepherd Thuso Leeto , who over time has formed a special bond with the cows that are his only companions and which he considers to be his friends . "  I have  even  given them names and when I reprimand them they listen and respond to their names , " he says . Read this : Africa 's magnificent mountains - seven amazing climbs The work of the herd boys is both mentally and physically demanding , but their income is often the only means of support for their families . For one year 's work , some boys will receive just one cow or 12 sheep . Prince Seeiso , younger brother of Lesotho 's King and the country 's High Commissioner to the United Kingdom , has co-founded a charity called Sentebale , together with Britain 's Prince Harry . The aim is to help support some of Lesotho 's most vulnerable children , the herd boys included . "  There is not much social security in this country as far as the welfare or wellbeing of the herd boys  goes  , " says Prince Seeiso . Prince Seeiso explains that whilst the tradition of the herd boys goes far back in time , the herding used to be done by older men . "  When the migrant labor began to get into Lesotho when the mines were opening , the older men went into South Africa and then there was a void . Then the kids became the herders , " he says . Lesotho has one of the world 's highest HIV/AIDS rates , with around 23 % of adults aged 15-49 being HIV positive , according to UNAIDS . Providing support and information about HIV/AIDS is one of Sentebale 's missions , and it is also providing an education for the herd boys through night schools . "  We are looking at the long-term goals of eradicating the need for herding , but in the meantime we try and bring some kind of respite in terms of education , in terms of appropriate clothing , in terms of appropriate technology , introducing them to mobile phones , so that when they are out there , they can be alerted to weather reports , " says the prince . Improving the lives of young herd boys It 's not only the possibility of floods , or the biting winds that easily find their way through the worn-out , thin clothes of the young shepherds , that threaten them . After rounding their livestock into holding pens and retreating to their own small huts , the herd boys nervously await the impending night . This is peak time for cattle thieves and jackals . Julius Majoro , one of the local night school teachers , became a herd boy when he was 12 years old . He knows the fears these young men face . "  Many thieves come during nighttime and attack the shepherds . They sometimes kill them with a gun , " Majoro says , recalling the feeling of isolation . "  I used to be lonely because I was just staying with the animals , also not feeling free , during the day and also during nighttime because I was supposed to care for  them  . " The isolation , the hunger  Majoro says he sometimes had to eat food left out for the dogs by the farmer who employed him  and the hard weather conditions motivated him to fight for the rights of the herd boys . "  The word shepherd , it sounds like an insult ... because those people have been abandoned by society , by our nation by everybody . Nobody cares for them , " he says . "  Now what I always try to tell the shepherd ,  being  a shepherd does n't mean something bad , it means you 're doing something special . " Read this : Maasai Cricket Warriors Going the extra mile for education and a hot meal As of October this year , Sentebale has three night schools for the herd boys , and Majoro runs one of them , in Semongkong , one of the remotest parts of the country . He has been teaching there for five years now , and this season he has about 30 students . It 's winter time , and the classroom is cold . But many shepherds walk for hours after they have finished their work for the day , to get basic education and a hot meal . "  It 's very , very cold , " Majoro says . "  Even if it 's worse than now , they will still come . Education is their need . They need love . They want to socialize . And only here at school is where they get what they need . " The lesson plans involve math as well as English and Sesotho -- the language of Lesotho . The young men are also being informed about HIV and AIDS . But it 's not only about the education . Their eyelids may be heavy after a long day of working , but here they can socialize . Here , they can break through isolation . "  They do n't grow spiritually , they do n't grow emotionally , " Majoro says . "  They do n't grow socially , which is part of their life , because if they are not getting those things , they are not well complete . "  That 's why we bring them here , teach them how to behave , counsel them . This is just like a big family . " Before returning to their respective cattle posts , the herd boys of Lesotho sing and dance together , forming a community spirit in remote highlands , 1,000 meters above the sea . Then they walk off alone , again .	In Lesotho , around a third of school-age boys work as herd boys Boys as young as five can spend a year away from their families Lesotho 's Prince Seeiso and Britain 's Prince Harry started charity Sentebale to help them
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The British mother of a child who died after being brutally abused has been jailed indefinitely . A police computer image of some of the facial injuries suffered by baby Peter . The child 's -- originally known as Baby P -- horrifying death caused a furor in Britain , with the media , public and politicians united in demanding to know how his terrible injuries were missed by social workers , police and medical staff . Judge Stephen Kramer also Friday jailed the 27-year-old mum 's boyfriend for life with a minimum of 12 years and their lodger , Jason Owen , 37 , indefinitely but with a minimum of three years , the British Press Association reported . The boyfriend , 32 , was also convicted of raping a two-year-old girl . Baby P 's mum has to serve a minimum of five years . She and her boyfriend can not be named . Baby P -- he could not be known by his first name , Peter , until the recent lifting of a court order -- was only 17 months old when he was found dead in his blood-spattered cot in August 2007 . He had more than 50 injuries , including a broken back and fractured ribs , despite being on London 's Haringey council 's at-risk register and receiving 60 visits from social workers , doctors and police over eight months . The resulting public outrage saw the government 's child secretary , Ed Balls , step in to demand the removal of the council 's head of children 's services , Sharon Shoesmith , with two other leading officials also stepping down . Shoesmith had to be placed under police guard after death threats were made . Judge Kramer told Peter 's mother that she was "  a manipulative and self-centered person , with a calculating side as well as a temper . " Watch more on the case " "  Your conduct over the months prevented Peter from being seen by social services . You actively deceived the authorities ... you acted selfishly because your priority was your relationship , " he told the court , PA reported . Judge Kramer 's comments echoed the country 's response to the case . "  Any decent person who heard the catalogue of medical conditions and non-accidental injuries suffered by Peter can not fail to have been appalled . " A second serious review of the case commissioned by Balls and released Friday , also reiterated that Peter 's death "  could and should have been prevented . " Graham Badman , the chairman of Haringey Local Safeguarding Children Board , which conducted the review said : "  I believe the most important lesson arising from this case is that professionals charged with ensuring child safety must be deeply skeptical of any explanations , justifications or excuses they may hear in connection with the apparent maltreatment of children . "  If they have any doubt about the cause of physical injuries or what appears to be maltreatment , they should act swiftly and decisively . Badman said the review found that if "  doctors , lawyers , police officers and social workers had adopted a more urgent , thorough and challenging approach , the case would have been stopped in its tracks at the first serious incident . " "  Baby Peter deserved better from the services that were supposed to protect him , " Badman said .	British mother of child who died after brutal abuse has been jailed indefinitely Her boyfriend and lodger are also sent to jail over Baby P 's horrific injuries Case caused an outrage in Britain after raft of people missed chance to stop abuse
CNN  -- Just when it looked like the World Cup "  dark horses " were about to turn up lame , Belgium turned on the power in the final straight to overcome Algeria 2-1 in Belo Horizonte . Trailing to Sofiane Feghouli 's first-half penalty , Belgium , tipped by many to reach the later stages of the tournament , hit back in impressive fashion . Marouane Fellaini , derided for much of the season following a nightmare year at Manchester United , headed home an equalizer with 20 minutes remaining after entering the fray as a substitute . And Belgium sealed victory with 10 minutes left when Dries Mertens rounded off a stylish counter-attack to snatch victory . Much has been made of Marc Wilmots ' side as the tournament 's "  dark horses " even if this is a nation which has not qualified for the World Cup since 2002 . While the talent at Wilmots ' disposal can not be questioned , the side 's ability to cope with the pressure on the world 's biggest stage remained something of a mystery . For the past year , since Belgium clinched its place at the World Cup , experts have lined up to lavish praise on the country 's "  golden generation . " It 's generation of players , woven together from the country 's immigrant communities , has brought about a new sense of unity within Belgium . Its captain , Vincent Kompany , was born in Brussels to parents of Congolese descent , while Romelu Lukaku , the striker , comes from a similar background . The likes of Fellaini and Nacer Chadli have Moroccan heritage , while Adnan Januzaj , the precociously talented Manchester United player , has Kosovan and Albanian blood . Even so , while Belgium boasts undoubted talent , its players have hardly excelled in European competition this year . While goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois enjoyed a stellar season with Atletico Madrid , winning the Spanish title and finishing second in the Champions League , and Kompany won the Premier League with Manchester City , their compatriots have not been so fortunate . Arsenal 's Thomas Vermaelen has spent most of the year as a substitute , while Fellaini has become a figure of fun following a number of disappointing displays at club level . Then there is the Tottenham triumvirate of Jan Vertonghen , Chadli and Mousa Dembele , all of whom have struggled for consistency in the Premier League . Add to that the absence of injured Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke and the fitness doubts surrounding Lukaku , and it 's easy to see why the hype soon began to cloud the reality . Nonetheless , Belgium was still expected to deal with an Algeria side which has been widely dismissed by fans and pundits alike . But in Feghouli , Algeria has a player who can mix it with the very best . The 24-year-old , born in France , represented the country of his birth at under-18 and under-21 level but never managed to make the step up to the first team . Now at Spanish club Valencia , Feghouli has begun to attract the attention his talent deserves and this latest performance would have done his reputation no harm at all . His strike , which came from the penalty spot after 24 minutes , might have sealed a historic win for an Algeria side which has never qualified from the group stage in its past three attempts . The goal came following a moment of madness from Vertonghen , who pulled Feghouli to the ground when a calm head was needed . Ranked 22nd in the world , Algeria is Africa 's top team according to FIFA -- and while it struggled to pose much of an attacking threat , it looked relatively untroubled by the Belgians . A halftime lead was no less than it deserved following a resilient display in which the defense coped admirably with its opponents . Belgium , blessed with an array of attacking talent , looked stumped in its attempts to open up the Algerian defense . It was n't until the 66th minute that it created a real opportunity when Divock Origi , on as substitute for the disappointing Lukaku , fired straight at the Algeria goalkeeper . But Belgium did eventually pull level when Fellaini , fresh from entering the action just minutes earlier , headed home Kevin De Bruyne 's cross to spark relief . Suddenly , the Red Devils appeared a different proposition and there was a sense of inevitability when Mertens ran clear to fire home the winner with 10 minutes remaining . Fellaini almost added a third when his header was brilliantly tipped over the crossbar by RaÃ ¯ s M'Bohli . Belgium 's next game is against Russia on June 22 while Algeria takes on South Korea later that day . Russia 1-1 South Korea In the group 's late game , Russia came from behind to snatch a point against South Korea in Cuiaba . Substitute Alexander Kerzhakov netted a 74th minute equalizer to spare the blushes of his goalkeeper Igor Akinfeev . It was Akinfeev 's dreadful error which allowed Lee Keunho 's 25-yard effort to somehow squirm out of his hands and over the line . For Fabio Capello , the Russia coach , it must have felt like Groundhog Day . Four years ago , Capello , then in charge of England , watched on in horror as goalkeeper Robert Green allowed an effort to roll underneath his body during a 1-1 draw with the U.S. Fortunately for Russia , Kerzhakov 's strike ensured Russia avoided defeat after falling behind with 22 minutes remaining . Both teams pushed forward in search of a winner but were unable to find the goal they so badly craved . Brazil 2014 World Cup : Score updates and schedule of matches	Belgium defeats Algeria 2-1 in Group H Marouane Fellaini and Dries Mertens score for Belgium Russia holds South Korea to 1-1 draw Alexander Kerzhakov equalizer secures point for Russia
CNN  -- What is it about Woodstock ? Jimi Hendrix closed the Woodstock festival on Monday morning , August 18 , 1969 . The 1967 Monterey Pop Festival was arguably more influential and , like Woodstock , spawned a terrific film , D.A. Pennebaker 's "  Monterey Pop . " The 1969 Isle of Wight Festival in England , two weeks after Woodstock , included the elusive Bob Dylan . And there were several other gatherings during the late - '60s and early - '70s festival frenzy , including the ill-fated Altamont festival in 1969 and the record-setting Watkins Glen festival in 1973 . But nobody talked about a "  Monterey Nation " or a "  Wight Nation " or , God forbid , an "  Altamont Nation . " No other festival prompted Charles M. Schulz to name a "  Peanuts " character after it . No other festival has maintained a viable name for four decades . And no other festival is still so present in the public and media consciousness . With Woodstock 's 40th anniversary Saturday comes a plethora of releases , including CDs , DVDs , a VH1 documentary airing Friday , the new movie "  Taking Woodstock " and several books . Watch Woodstock co-founder Michael Lang talk about the festival " "  There 's a quality to Woodstock that has to do with the ... hugeness of it , " said festival co-founder Joel Rosenman . "  We seem to remember that it involved the whole generation . " LIFE.com gallery : Chaos , nudity , spirit Many members of that generation , he added , were n't aware there were so many others like themselves . "  They had ... been reading in the establishment media they were a splinter here and a fragment there , " he said . "  And all of a sudden , they get to Woodstock ... and saw the entire world as -LSB- they -RSB- knew it was on -LSB- their -RSB- side instead of the side you thought it was on . ... It was pretty heady stuff . " iReport : Memories of Woodstock By now , the basics of Woodstock have passed into legend . How four men -- Rosenman , his business partner John Roberts , entrepreneur Michael Lang and record executive Artie Kornfeld -- wanted to put on a concert for the counterculture . How their site choices fell through . How Max Yasgur rented his dairy farm with a month to go . How the event drew half a million people , more than twice what had been expected . How it caused a huge traffic jam . How it became a free concert . How it rained . And how everyone -- concertgoers and security , musicians and authorities , visitors and residents -- got along and made the most of the three days with minimal violence and lots of joy . Watch why Woodstock made a difference " As a resident of the Woodstock Nation might say , the vibes were good . But that does n't explain how the event gave way to the myth . Elliott Landy , a photographer best known for his "  Music from Big Pink " and "  Nashville Skyline " portraits of The Band and Bob Dylan , respectively , believes part of Woodstock 's aura came from its isolation . "  In the full Woodstock experience , you were cut off from the rest of ... everyday life , " he said . "  It was kind of a magic land . " Rock critic Dave Marsh , who said he was offered a ticket but did n't go , puts it succinctly : "  Woodstock was an accident . God liked that one . " But Woodstock was also at the nexus of so many swirling currents of the '60s : the generation gap , the antiwar movement , the evolution of rock music , the growth of the youth culture . One person in Barbara Kopple 's VH1 documentary said , with still-discernable anger , "  They -LSB- the establishment -RSB- were trying to kill us , " and he was n't kidding ; the draft was ever-present , with the threat of Vietnam hanging over many heads . Music was just as divisive . Unlike today , when underground acts quickly become mainstream through word-of-Internet , the underground in 1969 was truly underground . Only the most popular rock acts appeared on prime time television , and a 1966 Harris poll reported a plurality of people over 21 disliked rock 'n' roll . "  Longhair " and "  hippie " were n't descriptions ; they were epithets . Woodstock gave the baby boomers a rallying point . If the special editions of magazines trumpeting its success were n't enough , the movie and the soundtrack album were huge hits upon their 1970 release , bringing elements of the Woodstock experience to millions . Santana drummer Michael Shrieve , whose drum solo during the band 's "  Soul Sacrifice " became an indelible Woodstock moment , remembers how fame caught him by surprise . He was waiting in line to see "  Woodstock " with other band members . As the previous show let out , "  We noticed that people were looking at us and pointing at us , and we did n't know what was going on . " The band found out soon enough : On a tour of Europe , Shrieve stopped at a newsstand to pick up a magazine , and he was on the cover . "  I realized this was taking off , " he said . Though much is made of the Woodstock spirit -- the camaraderie , the cooperation through the rain and the mud and the traffic -- not everybody bought into it . The Who 's Pete Townshend has often criticized Woodstock , disparaging The Who 's performance and calling the audience "  a bunch of hypocrites " ; he later plowed his Woodstock-era alienation into such songs as "  Wo n't Get Fooled Again . "  Townshend has also acknowledged that the Woodstock gig was "  important . " Marsh , who wrote a recent cover story on Woodstock for Relix magazine , admires the festival 's optimism but not many of its realities : the poor sanitation , the hype , the idea that getting away from society was going to solve its problems . "  We were ambitious as people , and our ambition was to create a beautiful new society . ... And this seemed like a step on the road to a lot of people , " he said . "  I never bought the thing that the artificial wilderness was a solution to our social problems . ... I think a lot of people thought if you got stoned and bonded together with a bunch of people to whom on Monday you did n't feel bonded at all , that that was a step on the journey . " For all of the good will Woodstock created , it 's also blamed for what it did n't do . The war did n't end . Altamont , the hope for a West Coast Woodstock , culminated in an audience member 's slaying . And members of the "  Woodstock Nation " went their separate ways . Woodstock also was the beginning of a new era in the music business -- it became a "  music industry , " Woodstock co-founder Lang noted . Producer-engineer Eddie Kramer , a Jimi Hendrix colleague who recorded the festival , agreed the music world changed after Woodstock . "  You have to realize that , in 1969 , agents and managers were in the background , " he said . "  And the musicians were n't really competing with each other . They were friendly to each other and were eager to help . " As much as "  getting back to the garden , " in Joni Mitchell 's words , Woodstock now also symbolizes baby boomer nostalgia . Among the related products and events are a 6-CD box set  Rhino  ; an "  Ultimate Collector 's Edition " DVD reissue of director Michael Wadleigh 's Oscar-winning documentary  Warner Home Video  ; the new Ang Lee film "  Taking Woodstock " ; "  Woodstock Experience " remastered CDs of complete live sets by such performers as Santana and Janis Joplin  Sony/Legacy  ; Friday 's VH1 documentary by Oscar-winning filmmaker Barbara Kopple ; a tour by the "  Heroes of Woodstock " ; an anniversary concert at the Woodstock site in Bethel , New York ; and several books , including works by Lang and Landy . That 's a lot to pile on to what was , at its heart , a music festival , and perhaps people have expected too much from Woodstock . Just a year after the event , critic J.R. Young reviewed the soundtrack in Rolling Stone and gave voice to the disappointment and cynicism . "  That 's why there will never really be a Woodstock Nation , " said a character in the review , which was written as a short story . "  You wo n't let anybody live on your land . " And yet "  Woodstock " remains a magic word -- one that , finally , refuses to reveal its secrets . Woodstock co-founder Rosenman ends up reaching for the elation of Keats ' poem "  On First Looking into Chapman 's Homer " -- "  Then felt I like some watcher of the skies / When a new planet swims into his ken " -- when trying to describe the festival 's thrill . But he stops short of adding up the details . It was the people , he said , who made Woodstock . "  That half a million-strong audience created something -- they created a legend , " he said . "  I actually do n't think it 's possible to do the making of that legend and explain it to the satisfaction of almost anybody . I think you 'd still come away wondering , ` What the heck made that happen ? ' " And Shrieve , who 's long since come to terms with being known as "  the guy who did the drum solo at Woodstock , " is equally philosophical about how the festival is portrayed . "  It 's interesting to observe history from the viewpoint of having been there . It also gives you some insight into everything else , " he said . "  I mean , any historical moment , there are people that are there and people who are not there . And when it grows into something that becomes more mythological , you see people telling the story of how it happened , and you go , ` Wait a minute ! That 's not what happened ! ' "	Woodstock festival was 40 years ago Saturday Festival represents idealism , music , money , mud , depending on who you ask Festival co-creator : It was the audience who "  created a legend "
CNN  -- Little Gabriel Johnson was 8-months-old when he was last spotted alive at a Texas motel in late 2009 . Almost three years later , his disappearance is still a mystery . And a trial that gets underway this week may finally provide some answers to what happened . Jury selection begins Wednesday in the trial of Gabriel 's mother , Elizabeth Johnson , who is charged with kidnapping , custodial interference and child abuse in the case . On December 17 , 2009 , a judge awarded Johnson and Logan McQueary , the boy 's father , joint custody of Gabriel . But Johnson allegedly defied the ruling and set out for Texas with her son . McQueary did n't hear from Johnson until several days later , when she reportedly sent him a text message saying she 'd killed Gabriel and put his body in a Dumpster . "  I killed him , " Johnson said in a text to McQueary on December 27 , 2009 . "  U will never see Gabriel again , I made sure of that . And you can spend the rest of ur pathetic life wondering about him . " The scathing series of texts continued . "  U will never find me im already bording a plane . Out of the country , " Johnson said . "  When im safe ill email u the exact location of dead gabriels little blue body . If the garbage do n't come first . " McQueary also recorded a phone call from Johnson in which she made similar claims . Johnson : "  You made me do this . " McQuery : "  You did not hurt Gabriel . " Johnson : "  Yes , I did . I suffocated him . ... . I suffocated him and he turned blue . And I put him in his diaper bag and I put him in the trash can . " She later recanted her statements , CNN affiliate KPHO-TV reported . Johnson was arrested on December 30 , 2009 , in Miami Beach , Florida . She told police that she 'd given the boy to a unknown couple she met up with in San Antonio . She said she did so under the direction of a woman named Tammi Smith . Johnson and Smith had met in June 2009 , when both women were waiting for the same flight in the Indianapolis airport . Smith suggested to the young mother that she and her husband adopt Gabriel . Johnson said she called Smith that December to ask if the couple was still interested . This May , Smith was found guilty of forgery and conspiracy to interfere with Gabriel 's custody . In July , she was sentenced to probation and 30 days in jail . Smith 's conviction does not relate to the boy 's disappearance , but her efforts to conspire with Johnson to deny McQueary his rights to see his son . Jurors also accepted prosecutors ' argument that Smith falsely wrote the name of her cousin on a paternity document to falsely assert that he -- and not McQueary -- was Gabriel 's father . The defendant addressed the court at the time , admitting that she helped Johnson and helped care for Gabriel for nine days . Smith eventually apologized for any "  pain and suffering " that helping Johnson may have caused , even as she firmly insisted that her intentions were good . "  I never intended to hurt anybody , " Johnson said , adding that she just wanted to help a single mother who she felt was in need . "  I pray every day that Gabriel is alive and that he is found . "	The then-8-month-old known as "  Baby Gabriel " disappeared in 2009 The boy is still missing ; his mother faces kidnapping and child abuse charges She sends the boy 's father a series of spiteful texts saying she killed him She later recants her statements
CNN  -- A 6.2-magnitude earthquake struck off the southern coast of Panama on Sunday , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The center of the quake was roughly 215 miles south of David , Panama , and almost 330 miles southwest of the capital , Panama City , the USGS said . It was an estimated six miles deep . The USGS had initially given the quake a magnitude of 6.6 . There was no tsunami threat , the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said . There were also no immediate reports of injuries or damage .	NEW : There is no tsunami threat The quake was almost 330 miles southwest of Panama City There are no immediate reports of injuries or damage
Tucked inside the defense authorization bill that the Senate passed Friday was an unrelated public lands package that 's set to bring the biggest expansion to the National Park Service in decades . Despite some conservative opposition -- a chorus that skewered the legislation as a pork-barrel land grab -- the measure also establishes thousands of acres of new wilderness areas . The bill designates seven sites as official national park units , many of which place a special emphasis on history , such as Manhattan Project work sites in New Mexico , Tennessee and Washington State . Grand Canyon , other national parks could cost more Sites in New York related to Harriet Tubman 's life will be added as a park unit , and parts of the Underground Railroad in Maryland will be formally named a part of the National Park Service . Tule Springs Fossil Beds outside of Las Vegas is set to become a national monument , preserving its thousands of fossils that show traces of Ice Age mammoths , bison , and American lions . "  This legislation clearly demonstrates that Congress and the administration are making national parks a national priority , " said Clark Bunting , president of National Parks Conservation Association . Untamed wilderness in the Tetons The legislation also expands nine national park sites -- such as the Apostle Islands , Oregon Caves National Monument , and Gettysburg National Military Park -- and extends funding for 15 national heritage areas . All told , roughly 120,000 acres will be newly managed by the park service , and the number of official park units will jump from 401 to 408 . That many acres may not sound like a lot - Alaska 's Denali National Park alone is six million acres - but it 's the single largest package of park units approved since an omnibus parks bill in 1978 that authorized 14 new units . In addition to new park units , the bill also establishes 245,000 acres of new wilderness land , nearly half of which was already being managed by federal employees . Summer in the park : Great Smoky Mountains While the bill passed with bipartisan support , it did not come without drama . Thirty-two Republicans voted against the defense authorization package in the House last week , in part because of its inclusion of park and wilderness provisions . On the Senate side , just hours before the final vote on Friday , Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , took to the floor to call for the public lands provisions to be stripped from the defense bill , saying the expansion was a "  disastrous idea " because any new funding needs to go towards improving the current parks system . "  Our parks are falling apart . There 's $ 12 billion backlog on our most pristine , greatest national monuments and parks , " he said , referring to the National Park Service 's coffers . "  We should preserve what we 've already invested in . " Sen. Mike Lee , R-Utah , argued in a floor speech Wednesday that drafters of the legislation "  egregiously " forced the public lands provisions in the package through a "  distorted legislative process . " Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , called it an "  extreme " land grab and urged the House and Senate not to pass it . "  With the military 's shrinking budget , it is offensive that this bill would be used to fund congressional pork , " he said in a statement last week . Kristen Brengel , senior director of legislation and policy , at the NPCA , argued that much of the parks land is already owned by the government and is merely changing management . Millions flocked to national parks last year , despite shutdown The Bureau of Land Management , for example , oversees Tule Springs , but will soon be run by the National Park Service . The Department of Energy owns Manhattan Project sites . And the federal government owns Valles Caldera National Preserve but the location is currently managed by a special trust . The legislation also includes some concessions for Republicans , including 110,000 acres of federal land being released into private or state control through conveyances , exchanges or sales .	Congress passed major parks and wilderness legislation It 's the largest expansion for the National Park Service in decades While the bill had bipartisan support , it underwent some turbulence by conservatives
CNN  -- A Virginia man pleaded no contest to capital murder on Tuesday in the death of his girlfriend and was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole , Roanoke County officials said . Jeffrey Scott Easley , 33 , was accused of murdering 41-year-old Tina Smith and abducting her 12-year-old daughter . Smith 's body was discovered in her home on December 6 , 2010 . The daughter was found five days later in San Francisco after being spotted outside a supermarket . Circuit Court Judge James Swanson accepted Easley 's plea and found him guilty of capital murder . He dropped the "  abduction with intent to defile " charge and sentenced him to life in prison with no chance of parole . In January 2011 , Easley wrote a letter to the Roanoke Times , saying the girl was his willing cross-country companion . "  I did not kidnapp her or take her aginest her will , " Easley wrote in a misspelled letter postmarked from the Western Virginia Regional Jail . "  She made me promise not to leave her . " Smith died from blunt force trauma to the head , strangulation and suffocation .	A judge sentences Jeffrey Scott Easley to life in prison without the possibility of parole He was also accused of abducting his girlfriend 's 12-year-old daughter The child was found five days later in San Francisco
CNN  Pope Francis has reassigned a conservative American cardinal from a key post to one that is mostly symbolic . Cardinal Raymond Burke , a leading conservative , has been vocal in his criticism of the direction the Pope is leading the Catholic Church in . Burke was one of the highest ranking Americans in the church hierarchy in his position on the Vatican 's supreme court . But he was reassigned to the position of Patron of the Order of Malta , the Vatican announced on Saturday . The National Catholic Reporter points out that Burke 's new post is a job that "  has almost no responsibilities . " The Vatican did not give a reason for the demotion . Hard to change the Catholic Church , even if you 're the Pope The change , however , was not unexpected . Last month , Burke himself said he had been ousted from the Vatican 's high court . Burke has been outspoken about his opposition to Pope Francis ' move toward more openness and inclusiveness of gays and lesbians . "  The Pope is not free to change the church 's teachings with regard to the immorality of homosexual acts or the insolubility of marriage or any other doctrine of the faith , " Burke told Buzzfeed recently . When a recent draft report included a call for the church to be more welcoming to gays , Burke said the report "  lacks a solid foundation in the sacred Scriptures . " Subsequently , some of the language on the "  gifts and qualities " that gay people can bring to the church was removed from the report . The Pope has appointed moderates in several big dioceses , including in Chicago earlier this fall , and he 's removed some archconservatives from their posts . CNN 's Daniel Burke contributed to this report .	The Vatican announced a new assignment for American cardinal Raymond Burke Burke had a post on the Vatican 's supreme court Now he is in a position with little responsibility Burke has been outspoken about the direction the church is heading
CNN  -- I am a medical sociologist , which means I study the health of whole societies . I 've spent more than 20 years studying the best possible ways to address alcohol problems in societies -- what works and what does n't to protect people from harm . I work as a professor in the University of California , San Francisco School of Medicine and at the UCSF Clinical and Translational Science Institute . This allows me to connect with other scientists who come from very different backgrounds but who want to work together on big problems -- think of a Manhattan Project , only one focused on protecting health through the collaboration of scientists who study everything from tiny cells to entire societies . So three years ago , a pediatric endocrinologist named Rob Lustig walks into my office and asks for my help . Rob tells me that he 's finding many connections between the metabolism of fructose  sugar  and ethanol  alcohol  in his work on metabolic functioning , liver damage and the obesity epidemic . Rob runs the obesity clinic at UCSF Benioff Children 's Hospital , where he spends his days trying to help morbidly obese kids who feel hungry all the time . One of the saddest effects of sugar overconsumption is to dampen the natural hormones that tell kids ' bodies when they 've eaten enough , leading them to feel hungry even as they overeat . Rob says he 's also seeing that too much sugar in these kids ' diets causes severe liver damage -- they have even started doing liver transplants on some of the kids in his clinic . Fast-forward to today , and here 's what we 've learned : -- More people on the planet Earth are dying from chronic diseases such as heart disease , stroke , cancer and diabetes than anything else . This is even true for developing countries that have turned a critical page on health : People in those countries are now more likely to die from the "  diseases of affluence " than from the "  diseases of poverty " like malaria and cholera . Major risk factors in chronic disease , of course , are alcohol , tobacco and junk food consumption . -- Many of the health hazards of drinking too much alcohol , such as high blood pressure and fatty liver , are the same as those for eating too much sugar . When you think about it , this actually makes a lot of sense . Alcohol , after all , is simply the distillation of sugar . Where does vodka come from ? Sugar . -- We may be thinking about obesity and chronic disease in the wrong way . Most experts are worried about sugar because it 's "  empty calories " that make people fat . But what leads to chronic disease is actually something called metabolic syndrome , which can be caused by the toxic effects of sugar . -- Added sugar at the levels consumed by many Americans changes our metabolism -- it raises blood pressure , critically alters the signaling of hormones that turn hunger on and off , and can damage the pancreas and liver . Worldwide consumption of sugar has tripled over the past 50 years , and along with that has come an obesity pandemic . But obesity may just be a marker for the damage caused by the toxic effects of too much sugar . This would help explain why up to 40 % of people with the metabolic syndrome -- what leads to diabetes , heart disease and cancer -- are not clinically obese . What should we do about all this ? First , we think that the public needs to be better informed about the science of how sugar impacts our health . Second , we need to take what we know about protecting societies from the health harms of alcohol and apply it to sugar . What does n't work is all-out prohibition -- that 's very old-school and often creates more problems than it solves . What does work are gentle "  supply side " controls , such as taxing products , setting age limits and promoting healthier versions of the product -- like making it cheaper for a person to drink light beer rather than schnapps . The reality is that unfettered corporate marketing actually limits our choices about the products we consume . If what 's mostly available is junk food and soda , then we actually have to go out of our way to find an apple or a drinking fountain . What we want is to actually increase people 's choices by making a wider range of healthy foods easier and cheaper to get . Turning around obesity and chronic disease will be an uphill political fight , but there 's plenty that concerned people can do : -- Contact the U.S. Department of Agriculture and Congress to encourage them to take sugar off the Generally Regarded as Safe  GRAS  list . This is what allows food producers to add as much sugar as they want to the products we eat . -- Support our local , state and federal officials in placing a substantial tax on products that are loaded with sugar . Ask them to use the proceeds to support a wider range of food options in supermarkets and farmer 's markets . -- Help protect our kids by getting sports drinks and junk food out of our schools . Ask our school boards to replace those vending machines with good old-fashioned drinking fountains . Ask local officials to control the opening hours and marketing tactics of the junk food outlets surrounding our schools . That way , kids can walk to school without being barraged by advertising for sugary products that taste good but harm their health . We need to remember that many of our most basic public health protections once stood on the same battleground of American politics as sugar policy does today . Simple things like requiring a seat belt and having an airbag in your car to save you in a crash were once huge political battles . Now , we take these things for granted as simple ways to protect the health and well-being of our communities . It 's time to turn our attention to sugar . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Laura Schmidt .	Researchers seeing similar effects from too much sugar and too much alcohol Alcohol is simply the distillation of sugar , she says , and sugar should be taxed and regulated Schmidt : We may be thinking about obesity and chronic disease in the wrong way She says tackling obesity and chronic disease will be hard , but concerned people can do plenty
At least 29 people were killed and 126 wounded Tuesday in eight car bombings in Iraq . In the first string of attacks , at least four people were killed and 41 others wounded when three car bombs exploded in the northern city of Kirkuk on Tuesday morning , Kirkuk police officials told CNN . The first car bomb exploded near the al-Shorja outdoor market , the second exploded near a fuel station , and the third near the local offices of the Kurdistan Democratic Party , or KDP . All three occurred in the northern part of Kirkuk , which is a mainly Kurdish area . In Anbar province , two car bombs exploded in two areas , killing six people and wounding 13 others Tuesday afternoon , officials said . The first bomb exploded at an Iraqi police patrol in central Ramadi , about 68 miles  110 kilometers  west of Baghdad , killing six people and wounding 10 others . The second exploded at a security convoy in southern Falluja , wounding three people . Falluja is about 37 miles  60 kilometers  west of Baghdad . In another string of car bombings , at least 19 people were killed and 72 others wounded in three separate explosions Tuesday evening outside three Shiite mosques in the capital of Baghdad , city police officials told CNN . The first exploded outside the Zahraa Shiite mosque in the Shulla neighborhood in northwestern Baghdad , killing eight people and wounding 21 others . The second exploded outside the Ali-Basha Shiite mosque in the Sbaa-Abkar district in northeastern Baghdad , killing six and wounding 32 . And the third exploded outside the Sodani Shiite mosque in the Hurriya neighborhood in northwestern Baghdad , killing five and wounding 19 . There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the three Baghdad attacks , but police told CNN the explosions bear the hallmark of al Qaeda in Iraq . Read more : Iraq free of sectarian violence during Ashura The attacks came a day after senior Iraqi security officials from the federal government and Kurdistan regional government agreed to form committees to find a solution to one of Iraq 's most complicated issues : the disputed areas , including Kirkuk . The oil-rich Kirkuk province is one of the areas most disputed by the Kurdistan regional government and the federal government in Baghdad . The city of Kirkuk is an ethnically mixed area , made up of Sunni and Shiite Arabs , Kurds and Turkmen . Read more : September is deadliest month in Iraq in more than 2 years A clash between the regional and federal governments started nearly 10 days ago when Tigris Operations Command carried out military operations in Kirkuk and disputed areas around the city . The federal government formed the command a few months ago for military operations , including house searches , to maintain security , especially in disputed areas across the country . The government of Iraq 's semiautonomous Kurdistan Region did not welcome the move . As a result , Kurdish Peshmerga forces sent reinforcements , including more troops and more military equipment to Kirkuk province and nearby disputed areas , and a standoff began between Kurdish forces and the Iraqi army . Special : Coalition casualties in Iraq The office of Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki announced Monday that an agreement had been reached between the central government and the Kurdistan regional government to pull Peshmerga and Iraqi army troops from Kirkuk and other disputed areas back their previous positions . Senior security officials from both sides are still meeting to find a solution to the crisis , and they agreed to form the committees to deal with the issue . An official with Iraq 's Defense Ministry told CNN on Monday , on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue , that over the past three days , Iraqi army and Kurdish Peshmerga forces have sent reinforcements , including more troops and more military equipment around Kirkuk province and nearby disputed areas . The official said the situation is still tense . Last week , all Kurdish political parties met in Irbil and expressed a united position to defend the Kurdistan region . They also expressed their support for the Kurdistan Peshmerga forces and their readiness . In a statement released by his office last week , al-Maliki said the Kurdistan regional government should avoid language that threatens war , "  Because it is ugly . " He also stressed the need to return to a 2009 agreement to preserve security in the disputed areas by forming checkpoints between Kurdish Peshmerga and Iraqi army forces . He said these security centers and checkpoints should be under the supervision of the central government in Baghdad .	Bombers strike in Kirkuk , Anbar province , Baghdad No claim of responsibility for the Baghdad attacks ; police point finger at al Qaeda in Iraq Attacks came a day after federal , regional officials agreed to address disputed Kirkuk areas Iraqi government and Kurdistan regional government are at odds over control of Kirkuk province
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- The grisly search for human remains from Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 entered a new phase Friday , as the largest group yet of international experts scoured the crash site in eastern Ukraine . In total , 70 Dutch and Australian experts reached the scene , many more than had made it there previously in the two weeks since the crash , in which 298 people lost their lives . The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , whose monitors escorted the experts on their difficult mission , said via Twitter that "  substantial recovery efforts " had been made . "  We are happy that we can make sure that these corpses can now be transported to the Netherlands , " said Pieter-Jaap Aalbersberg , head of the Dutch recovery mission . "  We hope that this will bring some solace for the next of kin . It is a relief for our people that they have now started their work . " Friday 's visit to the site has been completed and all human remains found will be brought back , the Dutch Ministry of Security and Justice said in a statement . The Netherlands is leading the international investigation . Over the past two days , the international team has taken a different route to reach the crash site , after days of fighting between Ukraine 's military and pro-Russia rebels prevented their access . High-level negotiations with both sides made it possible for the experts ' convoy of vehicles to cross and recross the front lines to approach from the north , helped by a brief break in the hostilities in the area . Aalbersberg said the recovery team is now on its way to a new base in the town of Soledar , to the northwest of the rural location in eastern Ukraine where MH17 came down on July 17 , strewing debris across a huge area . The mission will still have personnel in the cities of Kharkiv and Donetsk , the latter a rebel stronghold that has seen fighting this week . Second victim identified On Thursday , when just four experts made it to the site alongside eight monitors , they marked locations where they spotted human remains , OSCE spokesman Michael Bociurkiw said . He said then that they might use cadaver dogs and aerial surveillance to search the scene when they returned Friday . "  This all goes back to time is of the essence , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper late Thursday . "  Everyone realizes that time is no longer on our side , that this investigation has to kick-start into high gear right away . " Many coffins holding remains -- collected in the first week after the disaster -- already have been flown to the Netherlands , where the Malaysia Airlines flight originated . There , in the city of Hilversum , more than 200 forensic specialists are working to identify the individual victims from the remains found . The Dutch Ministry of Security and Justice said Friday that the identity of a second victim had been confirmed . The relatives of the victim , a Dutch citizen , have been informed , as has victim 's local mayor , the statement said . The painstaking and heartbreaking task of identifying every victim could take months , the Dutch authorities have warned . About two-thirds of those killed were Dutch , with Malaysians and Australians making up a large proportion of the others . As many as 80 bodies could still be lying in the fields of eastern Ukraine where the passenger jet crashed , Australia 's Foreign Minister Julie Bishop told CNN on Thursday . "  But we wo n't know until our investigative teams are on the site and combing the crash site for remains , " Bishop said . "  And that 's the grisly and sobering task that they must undertake from now on . " Ukraine 's parliament approved agreements Thursday that allow international personnel from countries that had citizens on Flight 17 to work at the crash site . Up to 700 of them can be armed . Talks on crisis held in Belarus A one-day cease-fire declared by the Ukrainian military ended Friday morning , but Ukrainian Deputy Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman said it would seek to maintain a halt in hostilities on the route to the crash site . Overnight , 10 Ukrainian paratroopers were killed near Shakhtarsk , less than 25 kilometers  15 miles  from the crash area , when their convoy came under attack from pro-Russia rebel forces , according to the Facebook page of Ukraine 's Counter-Terrorist Operation . Eight bodies have been evacuated so far , and the troops have been pulled out to a safer area , the Facebook post said . The militants have prevented recovery of two other bodies by constantly firing at the site , it added . Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council spokesman Andriy Lysenko said at a briefing Friday that Russia was "  actively preparing firing positions for shelling Ukrainian territory " and has positioned 17 Grad rocket systems in its Bryansk region , about three miles from the border with Ukraine , according to Ukraine 's Ukrinform news agency . Senior representatives of Ukraine , Russia and OSCE , known as the Trilateral Contact Group , held talks on the crisis Thursday in Belarus with representatives of the eastern Ukraine rebel groups . The participants "  committed to securing further safe access to international investigators to the crash site until the investigation activities on the spot are completed , " a statement from the Trilateral Contact Group said . They also discussed the situation of hostages taken during the three-month-long conflict and agreed to the release "  of a sizable number of persons deprived of freedom , " it said . Former Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma told the news agency Interfax-Ukraine on Friday that 20 people would be freed "  in the near future . " He was also quoted as saying a promise had been made to transfer the personal belongings of those killed on Flight 17 , currently still strewn across the crash area . The rebels and Trilateral Contact Group agreed to continue the talks -- held at the initiative of Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko -- next week . Russian remains defiant U.S. and Ukrainian officials have alleged that a Russian-made missile system downed the plane from rebel-held territory ; Russia and the rebel fighters deny involvement . Ukrainian and Western leaders also accuse Russia of continuing to arm and support the rebels since the plane 's downing , an allegation Moscow rejects . In a bid to crank up pressure on Russia to rein in the rebels , Europe and the United States imposed new sanctions this week aimed at disrupting activity in Moscow 's banking , oil and arms industries . But Russia , while warning that the sanctions will harm relations and damage the European economy as much as its own , has remained defiant . Russian state news agency Itar-Tass cited Vladimir Chizhov , Russia 's EU ambassador , as saying Friday that his country 's banking sector "  will face certain difficulties " but that its economy "  has sufficient resources to tackle these problems . " U.S. concerns Obama spoke Friday with Putin and underscored "  his deep concerns about Russia 's increased support for the separatists in Ukraine , " the White House said . "  The President reinforced his preference for a diplomatic solution to the crisis in Ukraine , and the two leaders agreed to keep open their channels of communication . The President also reiterated his concerns about Russia 's compliance with its obligations under the INF Treaty , " the White House said . The Kremlin said Putin and Obama agreed on the need for an immediate end to hostilities in eastern Ukraine and the need to continue dialogue . Sanctions against Russia are counterproductive , Putin told Obama during a telephone conversation initiated by the United States on Friday , the Kremlin said in a statement . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden spoke Friday with Poroshenko . Biden announced about $ 8 million in new assistance to the Ukrainian State Border Guard Service . It includes "  engineering equipment for improving infrastructure along Ukraine 's borders , transport and patrol vehicles , surveillance equipment to extend the visual range of border security patrols , and small boats to conduct maritime patrol and interdiction operations . " CNN 's Ivan Watson reported from Kiev , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . CNN 's Mick Krever , Alexander Felton and Lindsay Isaac and journalist Victoria Butenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama , Putin speak about Ukraine Biggest group yet of 70 Dutch and Australian experts spends day at crash site Dutch officials say all remains found Friday will be taken to the Netherlands "  We hope that this will bring some solace for the next of kin , " says Dutch official
CNN  -- The United States is n't leaving anything to chance . While it pursues a diplomatic solution to the Syria crisis by sending Secretary of State John Kerry to meet with his Russian counterpart in Geneva , Switzerland , on Thursday , it has also started arming the rebels . Two rebel groups , though , say the arms have yet to reach them . Meanwhile , a Vladimir Putin-penned editorial in The New York Times has at least one White House official saying it 's an indication the Russian president is "  now fully invested in Syria 's chemical disarmament . " And a U.N. report says that both sides -- the regime and the rebels -- have committed war crimes in Syria 's bloody 2-year-old civil war . Here are the five things to pay attention to today . 1 . Giving peace a chance As the diplomatic focus shifts to Geneva , the talks get down to the nuts and bolts of how to identify , verify and ultimately destroy the Syrian regime 's chemical weapons stockpile , a senior State Department official told CNN . Expect the sessions to last two or three days . A final deal may take much longer , but the State Department says the United States is looking for a "  credible and authentic way forward " that is "  verifiable and that can happen expeditiously . " Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov have talked nine times since an August 21 chemical weapons attack in Syria that prompted the U.S. to urge military action against the regime . U.S. , British and French diplomats also are hashing over similar matters in New York . A senior State Department official says the Syrian opposition is not pleased about recent developments . "  They 're upset , " the official says "  They do n't trust this at all . " These are complicated matters with competing interests . Expect any final deal to go to the U.N. Security Council to be put into a formal resolution . And to add to the intrigue , French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius says the U.N. report on last month 's attack will probably be published Monday . And there will "  certainly be indications " that the attack originated with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime , he said in a radio interview Thursday . Looming over the talks is the military strike card that President Barack Obama continues to hold . He asked Congress this week to put the authorization on hold , but the card is n't going back in the deck just yet . "  This is the way that diplomacy works , " said former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright , who was America 's top diplomat in the Clinton administration . "  You use the threat of the use of force to get some action in diplomacy , and then diplomacy just to figure out what you do about the threat of the use of force . " Still , some say it does n't give the White House a lot of wiggle room . "  If diplomacy fails , he 's painted himself into a corner , " said Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina . "  The leader of the free world ca n't say all these things at the end of the day and do nothing . " 2 . Rebels and their guns These things do n't happen quickly . It was back in June that officials familiar with the matter told CNN that the United States planned to send small arms , ammunition and , potentially , anti-tank weapons to Syria 's rebels . Concerns about who the White House could trust kept the process on the slow track . But no more . Funded and organized by the CIA , the weapons began reaching moderate Syrian rebels two weeks ago , a U.S. official tells CNN . "  A coordinated effort is being made among the many supporters of the moderate opposition to get them the assistance they need , " Kerry said during a Google + Hangout discussion this week . Not so , opposition groups said Thursday . The Syrian National Coalition and the Free Syrian Army deny they have received weapons . "  We have some promises from the U.S. administration of shipment of weapons in a short period of time , but until now we have not received any , " said Louay al-Mokdad , the Free Syrian Army political and media coordinator . We 're waiting to see what the White House has to say about that . 3 . Other government business Obamacare . Government funding . An energy efficiency bill . Relieved of an impending vote on whether to give the president the authorization to attack Syria , Congress is moving on to other matters . Yet , Syria continues to bubble under the surface . "  Congress will be watching these negotiations very closely , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid warns . "  If there is any indication they 're not serious or they 're being used as a ploy to delay , then Congress stands ready to return " to a resolution that would authorize a military strike on Syria . Whether the votes are there to approve such a resolution is another matter . But for now , there 's a different deadline looming over Congress . If there 's no spending plan by early October , there could be a government shutdown . 4 . Pointing fingers Finger-pointing is a popular pastime when the topic is Syria . The government blames the rebels . The rebels blame the government . The United Nations blames both . A U.N. report , released Wednesday , says that both sides have committed grave crimes in violation of international law . The U.N. Human Rights Council says government forces are committing crimes against humanity by attacking civilian populations . War crimes like murder , torture and hostage-taking are the charges against the opposition . "  There is no military solution to this conflict , " the report says . "  Those who supply arms create but an illusion of victory . " Denials and more finger-pointing are likely from both sides . 5 . Putin 's turn Obama got his say Tuesday . On Wednesday night , Putin took a stab at winning friends and influencing people in a piece published by The New York Times . In the op-ed , Putin says it 's time "  to speak directly to the American people and their political leaders . " He challenges Obama across the board . He says striking Syria would kill innocent people , spread violence across the region and cloud other Middle East peace efforts . It would also "  unleash a new wave of terrorism . " He said skipping the United Nations to go it alone "  would constitute an act of aggression . " The sarin gas attack ? That 's in there too . While Obama squarely puts the blame for the alleged sarin attack on the Assad regime , Putin writes , "  There is every reason to believe it was used not by the Syrian army , but by opposition forces to provoke intervention by their powerful foreign patrons , who would be siding with the fundamentalists . " Not a lot of middle ground as talks start in Geneva . Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey said the piece made him almost want to throw up . Putin ended with a swipe at Obama , with a reference to the Tuesday night address in which the president said that while America ca n't be a global cop , it ought to act in certain situations . "  That 's what makes us exceptional , " Obama said . "  With humility , but with resolve , let us never lose sight of that essential truth . " Putin 's answer to that ? "  It is extremely dangerous to encourage people to see themselves as exceptional , whatever the motivation , " he wrote . "  We are all different , " the Russian leader concluded , "  but when we ask for the Lord 's blessings , we must not forget that God created us equal . " The Internet responded with variations on "  Oh no , he did n't ! " But the administration 's reaction was to brush it off . A senior White House official says it 's "  all irrelevant , " suggesting that Putin is already all in when it comes to forcing Syria to give up its chemical weapons . Putin "  now owns this , " the official added of the Russian plan to have Syria 's leadership give up its chemical weapons . "  He has fully asserted ownership of it , and he needs to deliver . " Let 's see if he does . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Steve Brusk , Jamie Crawford , Jake Tapper , Elise Labott , Barbara Starr , John King , Jake Tapper and Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Talks between the United States and Russia begin Thursday in Geneva The United States , United Kingdom and France are meeting in New York Weapons are flowing to moderate Syrian rebels , U.S. official says Russia 's Putin takes a swipe at Obama in a New York Times op-ed piece
CNN  -- That galaxy far , far away is apparently bigger than first thought . The "  Star Wars " franchise will get two spinoff movies , Disney chief executive officer Bob Iger announced Tuesday . "  We are in development of a few standalone films that are not part of the ` Star Wars ' saga , " he said . "  There are now creative entities working on developing scripts for what would be those standalone films . " The two films , if they make it out of development , will be released after Episode VII , which Iger said is on target for summer 2015 . Lawrence Kasdan and Simon Kinberg each will write one of the new films and consult on the next three "  Star Wars " sequels . "  Each standalone film will focus on a specific character , " Lucasfilm said on its starwars.com site . Lucasfilm will disclose more details about the spinoff in the future , Iger said . Kasdan wrote the screenplays for "  The Empire Strikes Back " and "  Return of the Jedi . " He also penned the script for "  Raiders of the Lost Ark. " Kinberg has written eight screenplays , according to the Internet Movie Database . His works include "  Mr. & Mrs. Smith " and "  Sherlock Holmes . " He also did the screenplay for the next installment in the "  X-Men " films , according to IMDB.com . The announcement comes three months after Disney bought Lucasfilm for $ 4 billion and just days after it revealed that J.J. Abrams has been signed to direct the next "  Star Wars " episode . Abrams has experience with movies in blockbuster franchises . He directed the 2009 "  Star Trek " movie and his company , Bad Robot , produced "  Mission : Impossible Ghost Protocol , " the 2011 movie in that franchise . In addition to his film work , Abrams has a long resume on TV . He created "  Felicity , " "  Alias , " "  Lost " and "  Fringe , " among others . Michael Arndt will write the screenplay for Episode VII , according to Disney . The release of 3-D versions of "  Star Wars " Episodes II and III , previously planned for next fall , have been postponed while Lucasfilm focuses on new episodes , executives announced last week .	Two writers tapped to develop screenplays for standalone films Lucasfilm said the standalones will be written around one character Next "  Star Wars " film due out is Episode VII Michael Arndt will write that one , and J.J. Abrams will direct
CNN  -- In BBC America 's new prime time drama , "  Copper , " Irish-immigrant detective Kevin Corcoran roams from the filthy slums of Five Points to the glimmering sidewalks of Fifth Avenue -- all with a set of brass knuckles snugly resting on his fingers . The year is 1864 , and the tattered remnants of an ongoing Civil War remain in New York City . Blood is regularly spilled on the cobblestones and in dirty back alleyways . No one gives a man carrying the body of a young dead girl through the streets a second glance , but they balk at the idea of women wanting to vote . It seems oddly fitting that "  Copper , " premiering on Sunday at 10 p.m. ET , takes place in America , and is the channel 's first original scripted series . The U.S. branch of the well-known British network wanted to explore a part of American history that has only been seen in "  Gangs of New York . " Historically accurate details , woven into the backbone of "  Copper , " transform it from period drama to believable reality . For Anastasia Griffith , the world of "  Copper " came to life as she was laced tightly into her corset , learning to breathe as her character , socialite Elizabeth Haverford , would breathe . For Ato Essandoh , it was leafing through the worn leather journal of his character , Dr. Matthew Freeman , to discover ornate , accurate sketches of medicinal roots from 1864 . And for Tom Weston-Jones , it was opening a keepsake box of letters , only to find actual letters that gave him more insight into his character , detective Kevin Corcoran . Kevin Ryan became so immersed in his character , detective Francis Maguire , that he consistently ate with his prop knife . "  It 's about honoring the details , " Griffith said . "  And it 's an added bonus if you have something to dig into , and take you away from yourself . Although the series carries certain devices of other crime dramas , they are covered in the grit and deceit of a point in New York 's history that is rarely portrayed . The actors sport hand-sewn satin gowns and rugged leather coats against a realistic backdrop of swampy , methane stench-ridden Five Points and the clean-swept cream-colored sidewalks of Fifth Avenue on a 212,500 square-foot studio lot . Treachery , deceit and intrigue are rampant in Five Points , and disguised little better behind the facades of the Fifth Avenue brownstone . "  There is something very underdog-ish about all of the characters played by Kyle Schmid , Anastasia , Ato and I , " Weston-Jones said . "  We 've all come up from below for very different reasons . " His character , Corcoran , embodies a blend of backstreet tenacity and well-honed honor as he doggedly pursues the truth amidst his own crookedly led Sixth Precinct . The 10-part series , created by Tom Fontana  best known for "  Homicide : Life on the Street " and other dramas  and produced by Barry Levinson  the acclaimed director of films like "  Diner "  , unfurls with Corcoran investigating a girl 's death while trying to find his missing wife and solve his daughter 's murder . Meanwhile , he reconnects with two men , aristocrat Robert Morehouse , played by Schmid , and physician Matthew Freeman , who Corcoran fought alongside during the Civil War . The series explores the mysterious events that forged their bond during their time served in the Union Army . While the plot may be full of dark twists and turns , there are also unexpected moments of humor . "  To find humor in the darkness is a very Barry -LSB- Levinson -RSB- thing , " Griffith said . "  Barry always sees the humor in every moment . That 's life -- however dark things get , the reality of the moment is actually kind of funny , and that 's something Tom -LSB- Fontana -RSB- and Barry do very well , this balance of light and dark . " Moral ambiguity is what connects most of the characters to one another , although societal differences try to keep them apart . For Griffith , playing a woman in 1864 gave the added challenge of balancing an old-fashioned constraint with her own mettle . "  It was really about marrying two aspects : being tightly bound physically but at the same time , being very spirited and free inside , " she said . Essandoh faced the same challenge as another intelligent "  underdog " of the time . "  Kind of the way Anastasia is bound by her clothes , station and by being a woman , I am bound by being a black man in 1864 , where racism is rampant and pretty much the norm of society , " Essandoh said . "  He is a fantastically gifted physician and scientist so there is that want , especially as a man , to say ` look at all the stuff I am doing , ' but not being able to express his own pride in his work and display it because of the unfortunate nature of racism . " The scenes are juxtapositions of brothels to drawing rooms , and ripped rags to tiered silk dresses . "  Copper " layers these settings , between Five Points and Fifth Avenue , with Carmansville , a developing African-American community that later becomes part of Harlem , while weaving in societal tensions of immigration and race . Amidst the turbulence , "  Copper " hopes to illustrate where America , and New York , came from by showing such a pivotal point in the city 's history . "  We 're really watching the birthplace of Manhattan happen and I think that is a pretty dynamic environment , " Griffith said . But you may have to wait until the DVD releases to see an extra when Griffith and Schmid drop it like it 's hot to Sir Mix-A-Lot 's "  Baby Got Back " in period costume during a ballroom scene . "  Sex , drugs , violence and Sir Mix-A Lot , " Schmid and Weston-Jones joked . "  What 's not to like ? " Watch the trailer for "  Copper "	BBC America 's new show "  Copper " focuses on New York 's turbulence in 1864 It is the channel 's first original scripted series "  Copper " explores both the slums of Five Points and the glamor of Fifth Avenue
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Wednesday is National Day , a day for all Chinese to celebrate the People 's Republic of China . Yes , dignitaries gathered and ceremonies took place to mark the holiday in Hong Kong . But the national pride mixed with profound dissent as pro-democracy protesters occupied parts of the Asian business hub -- not to celebrate the central government in Beijing , but to denounce and challenge it . LIVE BLOG : Follow CNN 's coverage of the protests There was a sense , entering Wednesday , that the protest ranks could swell with more people off work for the holiday . The movement has seemingly grown regardless , unaffected by clashes with police , thunderstorms and repeated admonitions by authorities who have refused to budge . So there they were , Wednesday morning , waking up to chants over loudspeakers calling for the local chief executive 's resignation , for police not to use violence against them and for everyone to "  protect Hong Kong . " Flag-raising protest Student pro-democracy leader Joshua Wong , who was arrested during protests Friday and released Sunday , led a group of students in a silent protest at the official National Day flag-raising ceremony in Golden Bauhinia Square . The group silently turned their backs to the flag and raised their arms in crosses as the Chinese flag and the flag of Hong Kong were raised . "  We crossed our arms because we want to express our dissatisfaction toward the government , to reflect our mistrust towards the central Chinese government , and to object to the National People 's Congress decision on August 31 , " he said , referring to Beijing 's controversial ruling to allow only candidates approved by a nominating committee to run for office as Hong Kong 's chief executive . In the build-up to the flag-raising , a statement from Wong 's Scholarism group calling for calm and restraint during the ceremony was widely circulated among protesters on social media networks . "  Just wear black , stay quiet with your chin down or carry an umbrella , " read a message . "  No matter how much you dislike a country , disturbing its flag-raising ceremony will only be disrespectful . " As CNN 's Ivan Watson noted from downtown Hong Kong , little seemed to have damped demonstrators ' fervor . Then again , there was also no sign that authorities are ready to give in . "  Both sides appear to be digging in their heels , " Watson said . When it was transferred from British to Chinese control in 1997 , Hong Kong was supposed to be the centerpiece of Beijing 's one nation , two systems approach . But protesters fear that independence is slipping away . They decry a recent decision allowing national government leaders to vet -- in other words , decide who is in and who is out -- any candidates up for a vote to lead Hong Kong 's government . Changing that policy is demand No. 1 for the protesters , who say that having every citizen get a vote in an election is moot if the options are decided in Beijing . A growing number have also blasted Hong Kong 's current leader for putting the central government ahead of his own citizens and demanded he step down . One demonstrator , Jobie Soo , explained to CNN 's Watson : "  We want the government  just to respect the democracy that Hong Kong deserves and really uphold the principle of one country , two systems . " The powers-that-be do n't appear to be in much of a talking mood . They have refused to budge while condemning the protests , which they say are against the law and are undermining Hong Kong 's economic and security . Hong Kong Chief Executive C.Y. Leung , a day after saying "  this illegal protest will not force the central government to go back on its decision August 31 , " said Wednesday that people should accept a deal as is . Speaking at a National Day reception , Leung said , "  It is understandable that different people may have different ideas about a desirable reform package . But it is definitely better to have universal suffrage than not . "  It is definitely better to have the  chief executive  elected by five million eligible voters than by 1,200 people . And it is definitely better to cast your vote at the polling station than to stay home and watch on television the 1,200 members of the Election Committee cast their votes . " Hong Kong leader : ` This is based on the basic law ' Like other chief executives , Leung was n't elected by a popular vote but rather by a 1,200-strong committee stacked with Beijing loyalists . That was set to change in 2017 . In a way , it will . Leung points out that "  we will be able to have one-person , one-vote " -- meaning citizens , not just committee members , can cast ballots . But as to which candidates they can choose from , the chief executive said that much has been settled and it wo n't change . "  I understand this universal suffrage is somewhat different to what the public thinks it would be , " he said . "  But this is based on the basic law . We still want to remain peaceful , calm and think what the best is for Hong Kong . " Leung has backing from pro-Beijing groups like The Silent Majority for Hong Kong , who have had their own rallies and run advertising campaigns to preach their message that pro-democracy activists will "  endanger Hong Kong " and create chaos . While the city of 7 million people is still bustling in some ways , the unrest already has had an impact on one of Asia 's biggest financial centers . ATM services were disrupted and 37 bank branches closed Tuesday , according to the Hong Kong Information Services Department . Leung said ambulances and fire trucks had to be rerouted to get around the crowds . Some 157 schools closed Tuesday . The Hong Kong government canceled the city 's annual National Day fireworks display because of the protests . Officials in the city have spoken out against the protest and -- at least on Sunday -- acted out . That 's when police hurled 87 tear gas canisters into the crowd after they refused to heed calls to disperse , spurring protests . "  We gave them enough of a chance to leave , and this included warnings , " Assistant Police Commissioner Cheung Tak-keung said Monday , explaining the police decision . "  But when they failed , we had to use force . " Such forceful sentiment are n't being heard everywhere , however . Leaders in Beijing have been largely silent about what 's happening in Hong Kong . At the United Nations building in New York on Tuesday , CNN 's Richard Roth asked China 's deputy U.N. ambassador what he thought of the protests . Wang Min replied , "  What , where ? Hong Kong is part of China , " and then walked away . Activist : ` It 's more or less like North Korea ' Contrast this silence to what 's happening in Hong Kong . Even as censors blocked access to Instagram after images of protests flooded the photo-sharing app and China blocked out reporting on Hong Kong in mainland China , those on the streets managed to make their voices heard in other ways . Some took to Twitter , and a few turned to CNN iReport -- including one capturing a collective of umbrellas which , besides shielding at times torrential rain , have become symbols of the protests They are relaying the sentiments of the tens of thousands who have hit the streets . Many of them are students like lead organizer Alex Chow , who described "  the current situation  as  totally out of C.Y. Leung 's control . " "  Actually , the government is under great pressure , " he continued , "  and we will demand and call for more people " to protest in the coming days . Even if more people come out , some say it 's not a fair fight -- not with police fully equipped and demonstrators armed with little more than their umbrellas . Grace Cheng , a 21-year-old recent college graduate , is worried authorities will come at them even harder next time . "  We ca n't really stop them , " she said . Such fears notwithstanding , the activists were n't backing down . If anything , their demands -- including for Leung 's resignation -- appear to have grown louder . "  All the candidates will be pre-selected by Beijing ... It 's more or less like North Korea , " protest organizer Chan Kin-man said . "  But we are an international city . We have a younger generation who have been taught about civil rights , political rights . And we want our words to be heard . " Some analysts say they see little hope of compromise between the committed protesters and the Chinese Communist Party , which remains notorious for its ruthless suppression of pro-democracy protests in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square in 1989 . "  I see no way the Chinese government can tolerate what is happening in HK . Greatly fear this will end badly , " tweeted Mike Chinoy , a senior fellow at the U.S.-China Institute at the University of Southern California , who covered the Tiananmen crackdown for CNN . Chinese authorities apparently tried to restrict the flow of information into the mainland about what was happening in Hong Kong . On Tuesday , China blocked out reporting on Hong Kong in mainland China , CNN Beijing correspondent David McKenzie said . Earlier , censors had blocked access to Instagram after images of the protests flooded the photo-sharing app . "  Everybody is in completely unknown territory , " said Roderic Wye , an associate fellow at London-based Chatham House . "  How these things end , we just do n't know . " CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported from Hong Kong . CNN 's Ashley Fantz and Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Holly Yan , Pamela Boykoff , Catherine E. Shoichet , Richard Roth , Vivian Kam , Chieu Luu , Katie Hunt and Hilary Whiteman contributed to this report .	Hong Kong leader : People should be satisfied they can vote on a leader Protesters hit the streets , even amid National Day ceremonies Crowds could swell Wednesday , China 's national holiday Neither government leaders or protest leaders have shown any sign of budging
CNN  -- The GoDaddy outage saga continues . A hacker associated with Anonymous claimed responsibility on Monday for taking down websites housed by or registered with that Internet services company . But on Tuesday , GoDaddy , which says it is the world 's largest host of secure websites , said the "  service outage was not caused by external influences . " "  It was not a ` hack ' and it was not a denial of service attack  DDoS  , " Scott Wagner , GoDaddy 's interim CEO , said in an e-mailed statement . "  We have determined the service outage was due to a series of internal network events that corrupted router data tables . "  Once the issues were identified , we took corrective actions to restore services for our customers and GoDaddy.com . We have implemented measures to prevent this from occurring again . " The company added : "  At no time was any customer data at risk or were any of our systems compromised . " Wagner also apologized to GoDaddy 's customers and said that the company has a track record of having its computer servers up and working for customers 99.999 % of the time . A Twitter user named @AnonymousOwn3r previously had claimed responsibility for taking down GoDaddy 's system , impacting an untold number of websites that use the company to store their data or to register their Web addresses . The company says the "  intermittent service outage " lasted from 1 to 7 p.m. ET on Monday .	GoDaddy says outage resulted from infrastructure problems A hacker previously had claimed responsibility The outage lasted for six hours on Monday , the company says
CNN  -- This month "  Inside the Middle East " travels to the tiny state of Qatar , where vast oil and gas reserves have transformed a once-impoverished strip of desert into the richest country in the world -- all in the span of just half a century . CNN 's Rima Maktabi explores the modern capital city , Doha , and discovers how Qatar 's rulers are using a mix of culture , world-class universities , and international sporting tournaments to thrust the tiny Gulf state onto the world stage -- and expand its influence in the region . From journalists to college students , locals explain how and why their country has avoided the type of unrest that has swept across the Middle East and North Africa over the past year . We also meet Bahiya Al Hamad , a 19-year-old rifle shooter going to London for the 2012 Olympic Games . She will make history this summer as one of Qatar 's first female Olympians . Watch the May show at the following times : Wednesday 2 May : 0930 , 1630 Saturday 5 May : 0430 , 1830 Sunday 6 May : 1130 Saturday 12 May : 1130 Sunday 13 May : 0430 , 1830 all times GMT	IME visits Qatar to explore the country 's transformation from desert state to a world capital In Doha , Rima Maktabi explores how the capital has expanded its influence in the region IME meets one of Qatar 's first female Olympians , 19-year old rifle shooter Bahiya Al Hamad
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- After years of trying to put the past behind it , Brazil has created a truth commission to investigate crimes committed during a painful period in history known as the dirty war . Hundreds of people disappeared or were killed during a 20-year military dictatorship that ended in 1985 . Violent student protests and an armed underground movement were squashed in brutal crackdowns . Some 9,000 people were jailed and tortured . Among them was a young leftist guerrilla , Dilma Rousseff , who went on to become the current president of Brazil . Rousseff inaugurated the commission in May . "  Brazil deserves the truth . The new generations deserve the truth , " she said at a ceremony in Brasilia . "  Above all , those who lost friends and relatives and who continue suffering as if they were dying again every day deserve the truth , " she said as she choked back tears . A blanket amnesty law drawn up during the dictatorship means the commission wo n't launch any trials . But some Brazilians hope it could be a first step toward having that law abolished , something that has already happened in neighboring Argentina and Uruguay . Torture victims have long fought for a change to the law . Amelia Teles was jailed in 1972 along with her husband at a Sao Paulo police station once known as OBAN , a notorious torture center . "  That 's where my cell was , it was ` X6 , ' " Teles said as she walked around the now-reformed police station . "  From what I remember , I was tortured for 15 days . " Teles and her husband were militants of the underground Communist Party . She said police brought in their children , ages 4 and 5 , to pressure them . "  When  the children  saw me , they said , ` Mom , why is Dad green and you 're blue ? ' " Teles said . "  I looked down at my body and realized I was so bruised that I was blue all over . " Teles pointed to the second-story rooms where she said she suffered waterboarding and electric shocks and spent hours in a device called the "  parrot 's perch . " "  I spent days without any hope of surviving , " she said . "  But the fact that I can come here and speak and not be jailed ... I think that 's progress . That 's a political victory . " The seven-member truth commission has been given two years to investigate human rights crimes . It has unprecedented access to former prisoners , military leaders and archives . Paulo Sergio Pinheiro , one of the commissioners and a former diplomat at the United Nations , said the group hopes to expose information that has been hidden for the last 27 years . "  We are trying to reconstruct the chain of command of the decisions to kill or torture , " Pinheiro said . "  Something that 's not clear or transparent at this moment . " The government has had to overcome outright hostility from retired military brass , and the commission is now grappling with the possibility that some of the archives may have been destroyed . But Pinheiro is optimistic the commission will help Brazil come to terms with its past and a legacy of impunity in some institutions . "  There are some practices by state agents , like torture or summary executions , that need to be stopped , " he said . "  The report , the work of the truth commission , will be a collaboration to deal with this terrible legacy . " Many Brazilians agree that exposing the truth is a way of exacting justice . Ivo Herzog was 9 years old when his father , the editor-in-chief of a TV station , was killed while in jail . Military officials called it a suicide . But Herzog said he believes his father , Vladimir Herzog , was tortured and killed , a theory that archives have supported . Herzog said he does n't want revenge , but he does want the perpetrators to be known . "  To be held accountable by society , " he said , "  that 's the most important thing . " More and more Brazilians are calling for the same . A group of young activists has started organizing protests outside the homes of former military rulers to denounce them to their neighbors and society at large . "  These people who are living the good life like nothing happened , I want to see them excluded , " Herzog said . "  That 's my biggest wish . " Brazil Supreme Court starts massive corruption trial	A commission is being set up to investigate human rights crimes in Brazil Thousands were jailed or tortured during a military dictatorship that ended in 1985 President Dilma Rousseff : "  The new generations deserve the truth " The commission has access to former prisoners , military leaders and archives
CNN  -- Azerbaijan will make its Formula One debut in 2016 as the latest venue for the Grand Prix of Europe , it was announced Friday . The race circuit will weave through the medieval streets of the capital city Baku . An oil-rich nation situated on the western shores of the Caspian Sea , Azerbaijan had been mooted as a venue for next season by F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone . However , this would have pushed the number of races on the calendar above the agreed limit of 20 unless others were dropped , thus requiring the consent of all F1 teams . "  We are very happy Baku has joined the Formula One family , " Ecclestone said in quotes carried by UK news agency , the Press Association . "  This will be a street race , which will pass through interesting and picturesque parts of Baku , and will meet the current Formula One criteria . " The F1 brand has been pushing into Eastern Europe recently with Russia due to host its first race at a circuit built around the Sochi Olympic Park in October . "  Our location at the crossroads of Eastern Europe and Western Asia is a new frontier for Formula One racing , " said Azerbaijan 's minister of youth and sport Azad Rahimov . "  Azerbaijan is a modern European country that has established a reputation as a center of sporting excellence . "  The deal to bring Formula One to Baku is a very significant new chapter in our ongoing success to attract the world 's largest sporting events to our country . "  The course we are planning to design will be similar to leading street circuits already on the calendar . " The event will become F1 's latest street race , joining mainstays Monaco and Singapore already on the roster . Friday 's announcement also follows confirmation earlier this week that Mexico will be added to the F1 calendar for the 2015 season . Previous hosts of the Grand Prix of Europe -- which was held as a standalone race between 1983 and 2012 -- include Spain , Germany and the UK . The event was last staged in Valencia , also a street circuit . Hungary practice Meanwhile , Mercedes ' Lewis Hamilton edged out teammate and title rival Nico Rosberg to clock the fastest times in both of Friday 's practice sessions for this weekend 's Hungarian Grand Prix . The British driver clocked a time of one minute 25.814 seconds in the first session when the medium-compound Pirelli tire was used , 0.183 seconds ahead of championship leader Rosberg . When the drivers were allowed a run on the soft rubber , the quicker of the two choices this weekend , Hamilton improved to one minute 24.482 , with Rosberg down by 0.238 seconds . There were concerns for both drivers , however , with 2008 world champion Hamilton at one stage complaining of a loss of braking and his German colleague reporting issues with his car 's engine . Hamilton has a joint-record four victories at the Hungaroring , along with Michael Schumacher , and a repeat of last year 's success on Sunday will help him cut Rosberg 's 14-point advantage in the drivers ' championship standings . Only two drivers managed to get within a second of the all-conquering Mercedes duo in the afternoon session . Four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel was 0.629 seconds off the pace in his Red Bull followed by Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso , who was 0.955 seconds adrift . McLaren 's Kevin Magnussen was fifth fastest followed by the Ferrari of Kimi Raikkonen and Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo , the latter fully 1.5 seconds down on Hamilton . Raikkonen and Alonso had been third and fourth fastest in the morning . Interactive : Take a trip around the Hungaroring	Azerbaijan will host a Formula One race for the first time Street race to take place in capital city Baku in 2016 Lewis Hamilton is fastest in Friday 's Hungary practice
CNN  -- Are you "  in a relationship " on Facebook ? If so , you might wish to go to this link : Facebook.com / us . The page is the newly launched digital version of the relationship between you and your significant other , including posts , events and photos that both of you are tagged in . Cute , right ? Well , not so much , according to the  always cheery  Internet . "  I want to vomit , " wrote blogger Jennifer Wright . Emma Barnett , women 's editor at The Telegraph , wrote that she may break up with her husband on Facebook just to get rid of the newly created couple 's page . "  Mr. Zuckerberg : by all means keep giving people new tools -- as you did when you created Facebook , " she wrote , referring to Facebook 's co-founder , Mark Zuckerberg . "  But when you start doing things for us -- the experience is anything but social or remotely positive . You have infantilised my relationship for me with the creation of www.facebook.com/us . Only I should get to do that . " A little history makes this seem a bit less dramatic . Facebook Friendship Pages , which show posts that you and a friend have in common , have existed for more than two years . So there likely already was a "  friendship " page between you and the person who you are "  in a relationship " with on the billion-person social network . The main change is that now there is an Internet address -- Facebook.com / us -- that redirects to your relationship . Additionally , all of those Friendship and Relationship pages , starting last Thursday , are being updated to look more like Facebook 's Timeline . They 're more visual than the old pages . To see the Facebook version of a friendship with someone in your network , go to their page and click the gear icon at the top right of the page . Click "  see friendship . " On his blog , writer Justin McLachlan says the changes should be celebrated . "  There 's nothing creepy here , that I can see , just more out of proportion reactions to something new , different and innovative , " he wrote in response to The Telegraph 's article . "  It 's no different , really , than typing your name into Google and seeing your face and other personal details from social networks mashed up in sidebar . " If you love someone on Facebook but do n't love the new Facebook.com / us pages , here 's more news , however , that might bother you : It 's impossible to get rid of them . You can , however , have a say in what content appears on them . "  You can not deactivate the pages , but you can control what you share on Facebook using the privacy settings for each post , " Facebook 's Jessie Baker wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  The friendship page respects the privacy setting of each post . This means the person viewing the friendship page may see each post elsewhere on Facebook , like on either friend 's timeline or in news feed . You can curate your friendship page by hiding stories you do not want to appear . "  As a reminder , selecting to ` hide ' an object from your timeline or friendship page does not remove it from Facebook , and the object may show up in other places such as news feed . If you would like to remove a story you posted from Facebook altogether , you can do so by selecting delete post or untagging yourself from photos . "	Facebook rolls new new Friendship and relationship pages Go to the URL Facebook.com / us to see your relationship with a significant other It 's impossible to delete the pages , Facebook says , but you can change the content Facebook : "  The friendship page respects the privacy setting of each post "
Kirkuk , Iraq  CNN  -- The American military footprint in the volatile northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk has all but disappeared ahead of a year-end deadline to withdraw , raising questions about the security of a small contingent of State Department employees and contractors staying behind . The questions come as Iraqi and U.S. officials welcomed what they have called in recent weeks a new phase in the American-Iraqi partnership . "  We are absolutely committed to be your partner to the extent you want us to be , " Vice President Joe Biden told Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki during a visit last week to Iraq . "  We stand read to provide assistance . " The State Department mission in Kirkuk is one of a handful of operations that takes over where the U.S. military leaves off , and the missions together are considered one of the largest rollouts of manpower by the United States since the rebuilding efforts in Europe and Japan following World War II . The Office of Security Cooperation-Iraq , as the State Department mission is known , is taking over in some case where the military left off by providing assistance to the Iraqi government and training for the Iraqi military . At Kirkuk , the questions about security come in the wake of routine insurgent rocket attacks in the days leading up to the departure of U.S. troops . One attack resulted in the death of an American soldier and the wounding of at least four others , military officials have said . iReport : Share your stories from Iraq During a recent town hall meeting held at the base , contractors and security personnel asked about security measures . "  Are we going to be safe ? " one woman asked Army Lt. Gen. Robert L. Caslen via a video-teleconference , which was attended by a CNN reporter and producer . She also asked Caslen if he could assure them they would n't be overrun . Caslen , who has been charged with overseeing OSC-I and military sales to Iraq , told the woman -- and the larger audience -- that U.S. officials will not be leaving the workers unprotected . A large private security force has been hired as part of the effort to protect the thousands of State Department workers and contractors staying behind after the January 1 , 2012 , withdrawal deadline . While violence has fallen off across much of Iraq , bombings and shootings remain a near-daily occurrence in Kirkuk , which is home to nearly a third of the country 's oil reserves . Kirkuk is populated by ethnic Kurds , Arabs and Turkmen . Tensions among the groups run high in the city , to which the Iraqi government in Baghdad and the semi-autonomous Kurdish region have both laid claim . The meeting , held in November just days before the last U.S. troops left the compound , came as the base was undergoing a transformation . "  There is no more operations center . There are no battle captains . There are no more commanders . There are no more military titles on the base , " Army Col. Angelo "  Tony " Riddick told CNN during a recent interview at Camp Warrior . In fact , Riddick -- who is the military liaison for the base -- is not referred to by his rank , but rather his title , site lead for the Office of Security Cooperation-Iraq , Kirkuk . "  At any given time , a few weeks ago you would see a couple hundred soldiers moving in and out " of the base housing area , Riddick said during the tour . "  Right now , we barely see one . " Even the name of the base is in transition . Camp Warrior , once a bustling foothold for the U.S. military , is currently known as Contingency Operating Site Kirkuk , said Frank Lands , the installation manager . The idea is to remove the U.S. military association that Iraqis and others have with the base , Lands said . "  Our mission is to support the Iraqi operations . Period . We do not have a combat mission . Period , " Riddick told CNN . During a tour of the base , there were numerous signs that the American mission in Kirkuk -- and in Iraq , as a whole -- was changing almost overnight . The size of the base had been reduced , and the State Department mission there now refers to itself as a "  tenant of Iraq . " "  We are going to be a small tenant , a small operating cell , " Lands said . The Iraqi air force was taking over a large portion of the base , including the air field . Civilian contractors were taking over where the military left off and training Iraqi air traffic controllers . While much of the American military presence has been wiped away at the base , a salute to fallen American troops will remain . At the center of the compound , more than a dozen giant concrete blast walls ring an area that will be used as a public gathering spot . The walls , painted black , bear the names -- in yellow paint -- of every American service member killed in Iraq . Home and Away : Coalition casualties in Afghanistan , Iraq The name of the last American soldier killed in Kirkuk , 1st Lt. Dustin Vincent , was added to the walls just days before the troops left . "  These walls were actually located around different parts of the base , " Riddick said , surveying the memorial that is reminiscent of the Vietnam War memorial in Washington . "  When we had a mission to close the footprint of Kirkuk , we decided to bring these walls in , " he said . "  We are going to maintain this memorial until our mission is terminated . " CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	The U.S. State Department is taking over where the American military leaves off as it withdraws from Iraq "  We do not have a combat mission . Period , " the military liaison in Kirkuk tells CNN The base , formerly known as Camp Warrior , is now called Contingency Operating Site Kirkuk Questions about the security and safety of contractors are being raised as the U.S. military leaves
CNN Student News  -- October 1 , 2014 Ebola has arrived in the U.S. Today on CNN Student News , find out how this case differs from that of others treated in America , and take a tour of a CDC command center focused on Ebola . We also report on the U.S. Secret Service and a recent breach of its White House security , and we update you on protests in Hong Kong and which college major leads to the most lucrative jobs . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
One of the jurors who acquitted George Zimmerman said she had "  no doubt " he feared for his life in the final moments of his struggle with Trayvon Martin , and that was the definitive factor in the verdict . The woman , who was identified just as Juror B37 , spoke exclusively to CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " on Monday night . She is the first juror to speak publicly about the case . She said she believes Zimmerman 's "  heart was in the right place " the night he shot Martin , but that he did n't use "  good judgment " in confronting the Florida teen . "  I think George Zimmerman is a man whose heart was in the right place , but just got displaced by the vandalism in the neighborhoods , and wanting to catch these people so badly that he went above and beyond what he really should have done , " she said . Fringe protesters turn violent in LA after Zimmerman verdict "  But I think his heart was in the right place . It just went terribly wrong . " If anything , Zimmerman was guilty of not using "  good judgment , " the juror said . "  When he was in the car , and he had called 911 , he should n't have gotten out of that car , " she said . She also said she believes Martin threw the first punch in the confrontation that followed . "  I think George got in a little bit too deep , which he should n't have been there . But Trayvon decided that he was n't going to let him scare him ... and I think Trayvon got mad and attacked him , " she said . Zimmerman felt his life was in danger before shooting Martin , and it was his voice that was heard screaming for help in 911 calls , the juror said she believes . "  He had a right to defend himself , " she said . "  If he felt threatened that his life was going to be taken away from him , or he was going to have bodily harm , he had a right . " Race perhaps simplest disagreement in post-trial CNN interviews Split vote An initial vote was divided . Three of the jurors first voted Zimmerman was guilty , while three voted he was not guilty , she said . Juror B37 was among those who believed he was not guilty from the start . "  There was a couple of them in there that wanted to find him guilty of something and after hours and hours and hours of deliberating over the law , and reading it over and over and over again , we decided there 's just no way , other place to go , " she said . Jurors were not identified by name during the trial , which sparked a broad debate about gun laws and race in America . The juror said she did not believe Zimmerman profiled Martin , who was African-American , because of the color of his skin . Now that he 's free , can Zimmerman make a living ? She believes he thought Martin was suspicious because of the way he acted . "  Anybody would think anybody walking down the road , stopping and turning and looking -- if that 's exactly what happened -- is suspicious , " she said . "  I think all of us thought race did not play a role , " the juror said . "  We never had that discussion . " Juror : Jeantel was n't a good witness At one point during the interview , she grew emotional and her voice cracked . She said jurors cried after putting in their vote . "  It 's a tragedy this happened . But it happened , " the juror said . "  And I think both were responsible for the situation they had gotten themselves into . I think both of them could have walked away . It just did n't happen . " Martin 's friend ` upset , angry ' by verdict Book plans canceled The juror was planning to write a book about her experience with the case , literary agent Sharlene Martin said before her interview aired . But hours later , the agent released a statement from Juror B37 saying she would no longer write one . "  Now that I am returned to my family and to society in general , I have realized that the best direction for me to go is away from writing any sort of book and return instead to my life as it was before I was called to sit on this jury , " the juror said . "  I realize it was necessary for our jury to be sequestered in order to  protect  our verdict from unfair outside influence , but that isolation shielded me from the depth of pain that exists among the general public over every aspect of this case . " Verdict does n't end debate in Martin 's death	The juror says she will no longer write a book about the trial The juror says she believes both Zimmerman and Martin could have walked away An initial jury vote was split -- three guilty , three not guilty -- she tells CNN "  His heart was in the right place . It just went terribly wrong , " the juror says about Zimmerman
CNN  -- Toronto Mayor Rob Ford soon will begin chemotherapy to treat a rare and aggressive cancer , a doctor at Mount Sinai Hospital in the city said Wednesday . Dr. Zane Cohen said Ford has a malignant liposarcoma , and a second biopsy on his tumor done Monday shows it is aggressive . "  However , we are optimistic about this tumor , " Cohen said . Ford , who recently announced he will not run for re-election , will start chemotherapy by Friday afternoon . The cancer has spread from the fatty tissue of Ford 's abdomen to other parts of his body , including his buttocks , Cohen said . The doctor added that this type of tumor comprises only about 1 % of all cancers and has at least 60 different types of cells , making it difficult to treat . Cohen said there would be 18 days in between chemo and there would be another 18-day break , after which doctors would reassess Ford 's treatment plan . Those three-day rounds of chemotherapy might eventually be followed by surgery , radiation or both , he said . The health ailment adds to the list of struggles facing Ford , whose fall from grace began in May 2013 with the release of a cell phone video that appeared to show him smoking crack cocaine . The Toronto city council largely stripped him of his mayoral powers months later over those and other allegations of bad behavior . Ford did n't back down , though , instead vowing "  outright war " on the city council . The mayor apologized for "  a lot of stupid things , " including having used crack cocaine , but he refused to resign or enter rehab . In fact , despite all the criticism and his becoming a punchline for jokes in Canada as well as the United States , Ford launched a bid for re-election . This past spring , after a local newspaper reported on a new video that allegedly showed him smoking crack cocaine , Ford relented on one front : by going into rehab . He returned to work in late June , after a two-month rehab stint , saying he was "  ashamed , embarrassed and humiliated " by some of his past actions . But he refused to resign or refrain from campaigning , saying to the voters of Toronto , "  I look forward to serving you for many , many more years . " Ford 's term officially ends December 1 . When he announced his decision not to seek re-election last week , Ford has asked his brother , Doug Ford , to run for mayor in the October 27 balloting . Doug Ford released a statement Wednesday on behalf of the Ford family saying of his brother 's diagnosis : "  I ca n't begin to share how devastating this has been for Rob and our family . " "  Rob has always been so strong for all of us and now I ask us all to be strong for him , " Doug Ford said in the statement , adding , "  Rob will beat this . " CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Rob Ford decided not to run for re-election after his tumor was discovered The controversial mayor has a rare cancer , which has spread from his abdomen Doctor is unsure about the prognosis , but treatment will start with chemo Ford returned to work in late June after two months in rehab
CNN  -- Seven miners were killed Saturday in an explosion at a coal mine in southwest China , state-run media reported . The blast occurred at about 2 a.m. local time at the Huangshuiba Coal Mine in the town of Yumo in the Guizhou Province , where 50 miners were working , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported , citing local officials . Rescuers pulled 45 miners out of mine , including two who later died from injuries sustained in the blast , the news agency reported . The bodies of five miners were found near the blast site , according to Xinhua . The cause of the accident was under investigation , authorities said , according to the news agency . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report	A blast occurred early Saturday at a coal mine in the Guizhou Province , state media reports 50 miners were working at the time of the blast , state media reports The bodies of five miners were found near the blast site , Xinhua reports Two miners died later of their injuries , the news agency
CNN  -- Catania manager Rolando Maran was not even alive the last time his club claimed a home win over AC Milan in the top-flight . Maran was born on July 14 , 1963 , just two months after Catania had pulled off victory against a Milan team which would go on to win the European Cup three days later . Led by the prolific Jose Altafini , Milan went on to defeat a Benfica side which had won the trophy in each of the previous two years and claim the title as the first Italian team to have won the competition . What a contrast to that of a few days earlier when Catania pulled off a famous victory , courtesy of a goal from Bruno Petroni -- a player on loan from AC 's famous rivals , Internazionale . Back to the future Fast forward to the present day and Maran was hoping his side could reverse their awful record against the Rossoneri . It began in perfect fashion when Nicola Legrottaglie headed home Francesco Lodi 's corner with just 11 minutes on the clock . Milan stuns leaders Juventus Milan , looking for back-to-back wins in Serie A for the first time this season following its victory against Juventus last week , looked lethargic in the opening exchanges . Sergio Almiron should have doubled Catania 's advantage but sent his free header wide of the goal from just six-yards . It was not until the second period that Milan really began to exert its dominance and even then it took the sending off of Pablo Barrientos to inspire them . Red card Barrientos , already on a booking , only had himself to blame after taking a pointless swipe at Antonio Nocerino which earned him a second yellow card . That gave Milan the boost it was looking for and El Shaarway fired home a 53rd minute equalizer . Milan forged into the lead three minutes later as Boateng beat Lodi , before unleashing a rasping effort into the top corner . Milan continued to dominate with El Shaarawy and Robinho both missing glorious opportunities to seal the points , while Urby Emanuelson hit a post . Milan were reduced to 10-men in the final minute when Boateng was dismissed for a rash challenge . But El Shaarway sealed the win , bending home his second of the night and 12th of the season to fire Milan up to seventh place and leave Maran dreaming of that famous victory .	Milan comes from behind to defeat Catania 3-1 Stephen El Shaarawy scored twice and Kevin Prince-Boateng was also on target Nicola Legrottaglie had given Catania an 11th minute lead Catania 's Pablo Barrientos and Milan 's Prince-Boateng both shown red cards
CNN  There are superyachts . And then there are superyachts for "  ladies . " Introducing La Belle , the 80-meter gold and crystal-encrusted superyacht described as a floating "  boudoir for women , " by its female designer . "  There will not be any boy 's toys -- such as pool tables or beer kegs -- on board , " Italian designer , Lidia Bersani , told CNN . "  But there will be a fantastic spa with a beauty center , large mirrors , and huge wardrobes , " she said of the concept yacht , which she claims is the first designed specifically for women . Bersani came up with plans for the five-deck La Belle because "  I felt , as a lady , it was my duty to design something especially for us , where we can feel a woman 's touch . "  There will only be off-white , ivory , and cream colors . All surrounded by furs , silk , gold , pearls , crystals , live music , aromatics and flowers , " she added . Not that all women are on board with Bersani 's "  warm and romantic " bejeweled boat . "  I do n't know any woman who lives in a dream world where these things are desirable , " said Maria Jaschok , director of the International Gender Studies Centre at Oxford University . "  It feels somehow remote , like some sort of little girlish dream , traveling in that eternal pink cloud . " Bersani , who also designs apartment interiors , defended the hyper-feminine yacht , saying : "  I do n't know a single woman who does not like flowers and is not dreaming of diamonds . "  If you get married , the most amazing day in your life , you want to be dressed in an amazing white long dress , looking like a princess , with a gold diamond ring on your finger , around romantic music , happy people , and plenty of flowers . " In the ultra-elite world of superyachts , female owners are practically unheard of , but that does n't mean women do n't have a huge influence over the spending of their billionaire partners . "  In terms of superyacht owners , I 'd say they were upwards of 90 % male , " said Rory Trahair , of superyacht brokers Edmiston . "  That said , superyachts on the whole are designed for the preferences of a couple -- for their interests , design , style , and taste . "  And while the person chartering a superyacht is often male , the person in charge of the holiday is often his wife or girlfriend . " Male or female , Trahair envisioned few clients looking to buy a "  radical , gold yacht " such as Bersani 's . "  It could be regarded as patronizing -- a bit like Barbie , where the assumption is that everything has to be pink , " said Trahair . Earlier this year , plans were revealed for world 's biggest private boat -- the $ 1 billion , 222 meter Triple Deuce . And they 're only going to become more lavish , according to Trahair . "  We 've launched yachts in the last few years that have multiple pools , helipads , a squash court . There are few things now a yacht ca n't have , " he said . "  Whereas a jacuzzi was a luxury in the early 2000s , now if you 've got just one , it 's rather frowned upon . You need to have a few and you need to have an infinity plunge pool that doubles as a helipad . " Whether there will also be a market for gender-specific vessels , remains to be seen . Photo gallery : Fantastical superyachts of the future Experience : Secret life of a superyacht stewardess	La Belle touts itself as the ` first superyacht designed for women ' Raises eyebrows over ` Barbie doll ' portrayal of femininity
CNN  -- British TV host Piers Morgan said taking over for retiring Larry King is like replacing Frank Sinatra 's Las Vegas show . "  How can you follow a legend like that ? " Morgan said after news that he will take over Larry King 's prime-time hour starting January . "  And then you think what a challenge , what an honor to be able to fill the shoes of someone like Larry King -- for me as a TV interviewer , which is primarily what I do back in England . I have watched him over the last 25 years interviewing the most interesting people in the world and to be ... without a doubt the most famous TV interviewer in TV history . " Morgan will replace King 's longtime show with "  a candid , in-depth newsmaker interview program , " CNN announced Wednesday . Morgan , best known to American viewers as a judge on NBC 's "  America 's Got Talent , " has most recently hosted "  Piers Morgan 's Life Stories " on television in the United Kingdom . "  Piers has made his name posing tough questions to public figures , holding them accountable for their words and deeds , " said CNN-US President Jon Klein . "  He is able to look at all aspects of the news with style and humor with an occasional good laugh in the process . " Morgan 's show , which was not named in the CNN news release , will air live on CNN-US at 9 p.m. ET and will air worldwide on CNN-International in more than 200 countries , the network said . Morgan will be based in New York , but also will work from Los Angeles and London , CNN said . Morgan named Lindsay Lohan , Mel Gibson , Hillary Clinton , Sarah Palin as some people he 'd like to interview . But whom would he want for his first interview ? " "  Larry King would be it , " Morgan said . "  He knows everybody . I find him fascinating . He has an amazing recall for people and events . I love his enthusiasm . " King announced this summer that he was stepping aside from CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " a show he began hosting in 1985 . Morgan , 45 , began his journalism career as a newspaper reporter in the United Kingdom for The Wimbledon News . In 1994 , when he was 28 , Morgan became the youngest editor ever at Rupert Murdoch 's News of the World . He moved to the Daily Mirror as editor-in-chief in 1995 , a post he held for nine years . He left the Mirror under a cloud of controversy in 2004 , after the publication of photos purported to be of abused Iraqi prisoners . The newspaper later acknowledged the images were faked , saying it was the victim of a hoax . Morgan went on to become a television personality , hosting interview programs on the BBC and ITV . Simon Cowell hired Morgan as a judge on the top-rated "  Britain 's Got Talent . " His print journalism career continued beyond the Mirror , including a monthly interview column for GQ magazine . Morgan also writes two regular columns for the Mail on Sunday newspaper , which he will continue . In addition , he will provide regular columns to CNN.com , the network said .	NEW : Morgan says he 'd like to have Larry King as his first interview Morgan "  made his name posing tough questions to public figures , " CNN-US chief says He has been a judge on "  America 's Got Talent " and "  Britain 's Got Talent "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actor James Farentino , whose television acting career began in the early 1960s , died at Cedars-Sinai Hospital in Los Angeles , according to a hospital spokeswoman . He was 73 . No other details about Farentino 's death on Tuesday could be released because of federal health privacy laws , hospital spokeswoman Sally Stewart said . The Brooklyn , New York , native won the 1967 "  Most Promising Newcomer " Golden Globe . He was nominated for a best supporting actor Emmy in 1978 for his portrayal of Simon Peter in the TV mini-series "  Jesus of Nazareth . " His 50-year acting career included more than 100 TV roles , including as the father of George Clooney 's character in "  ER . " Farentino also appeared on stage and the big screen , including the military science-fiction film "  The Final Countdown " in 1980 . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Farentino 's acting resume includes more than 100 TV roles He played the father of George Clooney 's character in TV 's "  ER " Farentino won the 1967 "  Most Promising Newcomer " Golden Globe
Moorland , England  CNN  -- Like a modern-day King Canute , Sam Notaro is determined not to let rising waters flood his home . He lives in Moorland village in Somerset , southwest England , which has been hit hard by weeks of flooding . Streets have turned into rivers , cars are submerged up to their windshields , and homes have been abandoned . But Notaro is a lone holdout . He 's created his own flood defense barrier , using a digger to raise a soil embankment topped with heavy clay to act as a seal . So far , it has kept the worst of the waters out of his home , with the help of pumps -- but the question is how long it will hold . "  Like I say , if it rises a meter , I do n't know if it will be enough . I do n't know , " he said . He may be the only one left , but he 's not without help in his struggle against the elements . Marines -- part of a hundreds-strong military deployment by the UK government -- waded through the waist-high water Tuesday to help bolster his makeshift flood defenses . Notaro appeared stubbornly resolved to continue his battle despite the losing odds . "  We were backed into a corner . It was low so we pushed some soil up , and then you 've got to keep going , have n't you ? " he said . King Canute , an 11th-century ruler of England , Denmark , Norway and part of Sweden , by legend went to the seashore and tried to hold back the rising tide -- but failed . In the low-lying Somerset Levels , where some homes have been underwater for weeks , many will know his sense of powerlessness . Dead birds litter beaches Exceptionally strong winds in western England and Wales on Wednesday may add to people 's woes . The Met Office , the UK 's national weather service , issued a "  red " warning , its most serious , saying winds were expected to gust at 80 mph across a wide area and might reach 100 mph in the most exposed parts of west and northwest Wales . After the wettest January in England since 1766 , even if the heavy rain stops , ground water levels are so high that it could be weeks before life returns to normal . And Britain is not the only place facing wild weather . Huge waves are crashing onto the Portuguese coast , causing extensive damage , and there are high wind alerts in parts of Ireland , which faces the worst storm yet of the winter . Ireland 's western Munster province and the town of Wexford could be buffeted by gusts up to 105 mph Wednesday , the national weather service said . Winter flood warnings have also been issued in parts of Brittany in northwest France . Meanwhile , the beaches of France 's Atlantic coast are littered with dead birds , casualties of exhaustion after days of battling relentless wind and rain . The country 's League for the Protection of Birds estimates more than 5,000 birds have died , many in the Charente-Maritime , Loire-Atlantique and Vendee areas . ` Money is no object ' Some 5,800 properties have flooded in England since the beginning of December . Amid increasing questions over the government 's response , Prime Minister David Cameron said Tuesday that "  money is no object " in the relief effort and promised more troops to help despairing homeowners . "  Britain is facing ... its wettest winter in 2Â 1/2 centuries , and some of the worst flooding in decades , " he said at a Downing Street news conference . There are still 16 severe flood warnings -- meaning there is danger to life -- in place , most of them in southeast England , as well as hundreds of lower-level flood warnings and flood alerts . And it 's not over yet . "  There is absolutely no sign of this threat abating and with further rain and strong winds forecast throughout the week , things may well get worse before they get better , " Cameron warned . He pledged up to $ 16 million to help farmers whose fields are underwater and said more troops would be made available . Opposition leader Ed Miliband of the Labour Party told UK media that the flooding was a "  wake-up call " and that investing in flood defenses had to be a priority for the government . Some of the worst-affected areas in recent days are in the Thames Valley west of London . Well-heeled towns and villages in Surrey and Berkshire , including Wraysbury , Chertsey and Datchet , near Windsor Castle , have been inundated as the Thames has burst its banks on its way downstream to the capital . Sandbags lined the entrances to small businesses and homes in Datchet menaced by the river 's murky brown waters . Agency : More flooding to come More than 1,100 homes have flooded along the Thames Valley in the past two weeks , the Environment Agency said . The agency warned that the towns of Windsor and Maidenhead , as well as communities along the Thames in Surrey , remain at high risk from the river Wednesday and Thursday . "  Significant flooding " of homes and businesses is expected , it said , with the Thames expected to rise in places to its highest level in more than 60 years . With more rain forecast , water levels farther downstream will potentially rise over the weekend and early next week to the highest levels seen so far , the agency added . The Thames Barrier , which is deployed to prevent the tidal river flooding central London with devastating consequences , has been repeatedly pressed into action in recent weeks . "  The barrier is working very , very hard , " said Toby Willison , regional director for the Environment Agency . The agency operates the defense system -- which works by stopping high tides coming in when the river level is already high . "  At the moment it 's operated 29 times since the beginning of December ... which when you consider it was completed in 1982 and has only opened 154 times since 1982 -- it is operating much more frequently at the moment than it ever has done in the past , " he said . CNN 's Matthew Chance reported from Moorland , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . CNN 's Max Foster , Jim Boulden and Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva contributed to this report .	NEW : Irish province faces gale-force winds with gusts up to 105 mph , forecasters say NEW : More than 1,100 homes to west of London flood after the River Thames burst its banks UK weather service issues warning for high winds in western England and Wales Parts of northwest France are also facing the risk of flooding
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Elizabeth and Mary Profit will not be taking center court at the U.S. Open women 's doubles final to face Venus and Serena Williams , but they share many of the athletic qualities that have made Venus and Serena the most dominant sisters in tennis history . Elizabeth Profit plays tennis while wearing an insulin monitor at her waist in this family photo . Elizabeth is 13 years old and holds a top ten ranking among 14-year-olds in Southern California . She is already defeating top-ranked players in the 18-year-old division . Her sister Mary , at 11 , is also a top-ranked player and dominating her age group . Mary won her first tournament at the age of 6 . Both girls started playing tennis as infants by hitting balls of socks across their living room . Their mother , Yvonne Profit , recognized their talent and saw it as an opportunity to develop sportsmanship and character and help them earn athletic scholarships at top national universities . So far , they have exceeded her expectations . In a sport that more often tends to develop players from affluent backgrounds , Elizabeth and Mary have already beaten overwhelming odds and endured the kind of adversity that too often ends in defeat . Watch how the sisters hope to achieve their tennis dreams " The Profit sisters grew up in a single-parent household and trained with less than stellar coaches . They developed an exemplary work ethic to compensate for a lack of resources , Elizabeth said . Yvonne , who earned a degree at the University of Michigan , decided to give up her full-time job and move her daughters into an RV to keep up with the rigorous demands of traveling for tournaments . Elizabeth sleeps on a couch . There is a portable stove and shower . But the girls view living in an RV as an inconvenience rather than a hardship . The Profit sisters may be on a path toward a professional tennis career , but Elizabeth 's story off the court is just as compelling . She has juvenile diabetes and has been living with the disease since the age of 2 , when her body stopped producing insulin . Elizabeth learned how to test her blood sugar levels before the age of 3 and two years later , she began administering insulin injections on her own . "  My mom said I 'm not going use my diabetes as a disability , " said Elizabeth . "  I 've got it for the rest of my life . And if they miraculously find a cure for it then that 's great , but I have to live with it . I ca n't make excuses . " Until she learned how to manage diabetes , Elizabeth found herself collapsing at times . "  In this one particular tournament Elizabeth played in , her blood sugar was totally out of control and I kept hollering out to her , ` Quit ! Retire , you do n't have to do this , ' " said Yvonne . "  She stopped and she turned around and said , ' I can do this . I can do this , Mom . ' " Elizabeth went on to win the match and the tournament . "  By the time we got home , she had collapsed on the floor . And I said , ` Sweetie pie , why did n't you quit ? ' " Yvonne remembered . "  Because you did n't raise me to be a quitter , " Elizabeth told her mother . In spite of her diabetes , Elizabeth reached the No. 1 ranking in her age group in Southern California at 10 years old . Her sister Mary knows that diabetes can be debilitating and a matter of life and death , so she constantly watches over her older sister . "  Sometimes when I wake up to go to the bathroom , I check her blood sugar , when my mom 's sleeping , " said Mary . "  Sometimes I wake up and give her something if her blood sugar is low . " For the past ten years , Yvonne said , she has been unable to obtain private health insurance on the open market for her daughter because diabetes is considered a pre-existing medical condition . Elizabeth used to rely on a large insulin pump to make it through the day , but now she wears a small patch that releases insulin . Despite the inconvenience of checking her blood sugar level a dozen times a day , Elizabeth has not let diabetes deter her from achieving her goals . "  At 17 , I hope to see myself in the quarters of the U.S. Open like Melanie Oudin , " she said . "  I hope to win some grand slams and get that No. 1 ranking . " Elizabeth 's advice to anyone with diabetes is universal . "  I 'd say if you give up , you 're going to have to look back on your life and say , ` Oh I could have done this , I could have done that , ' " she said . "  You do n't want to let life pass you by . You 're going to have so many years to live , so you might as well have fun while you do it . And once you die , you 're going to have a legacy behind , so make your life as fun as you can . " Next year , Yvonne is planning to enter Elizabeth on the women 's professional tour , at the same age that Serena and Venus Williams turned pro .	Tennis player Elizabeth Profit , 13 , ranks high in her age group ; to turn pro next year Elizabeth has juvenile diabetes , manages it ; "  I ca n't make excuses , " she says Sister Mary , 11 , also a rising tennis star , watches over her older sister "  You do n't want to let life pass you by , " Elizabeth advises others with diabetes
CNN  -- A Massachusetts grand jury Thursday indicted 14-year-old Philip Chism on charges of murder , aggravated rape and armed robbery in connection with last month 's slaying of his algebra teacher , Colleen Ritzer , according to the Essex district attorney . Citing Massachusetts law , prosecutors said they would ask that Chism be tried in an adult court . "  The indictments ... detail horrific and unspeakable acts , " said District Attorney Jonathan Blodgett . The armed robbery indictment alleges that Chism , armed with a box cutter , robbed Ritzer of credit cards , an iPhone and her underwear . The aggravated rape indictment alleges that he sexually assaulted her with an object . Under the aggravated rape and armed robbery indictments , Chism was charged as a youthful offender , but prosecutors said they will move to join those charges with the murder case in Superior Court . "  This is the first step in a long process to secure justice for Ms. Ritzer and her family , " Blodgett said . Ritzer was known to her friends and family as a woman who inspired many , whether it be in the classroom or online , with her heart , intellect and positive spirit . "  She was happy , " said Jen Berger , Ritzer 's best friend . "  I do n't even know what the world is like without her . It 's a scary thought . " A 2011 graduate of Assumption College who was working toward a master 's degree at Salem State University , Ritzer seemed to always wear a wide smile and was approachable to students and colleagues alike , said Charlotte Dzerkacz , who became good friends with Ritzer in 2011 when they taught at the same middle school . "  She was energetic , she was compassionate , " Dzerkacz said . "  You could n't ask for anything more from a teacher or a friend . " In a statement , the Ritzer family said : "  We are devastated and heartbroken by the details of the horrific circumstances surrounding the death of our beautiful daughter and sister , Colleen . " Chism allegedly killed Ritzer , 24 , on October 22 in the girl 's bathroom of Danvers High School with a box cutter he brought to school , a source close to the investigation told CNN . Ritzer went to a regular girls bathroom on the second floor when someone was using the locked faculty bathroom . Chism followed her in , according to the source . Ritzer was punched a few times before being killed , officials said . Her body went into a recycling bin , then outside the school where it was tossed , the source said . Authorities found a bin that apparently had been thrown off an embankment some 100 feet away from Ritzer 's body . After changing his clothes , Chism went to a Wendy 's restaurant and a movie , according to the source . Dressed in pink , hundreds mourn Colleen Ritzer , slain Massachusetts teacher Denise Regan , Chism 's public defender , declined to comment . Friends , relatives bewildered by arrest of ` storybook kid ' in teacher slaying A week after the slaying , about 400 Danvers High School students were among the estimated 1,000 people who gathered to pay final respects at the church where the family of popular math teacher worshiped . Many mourners wore pink clothing -- Ritzer 's favorite color -- and pink flowers decorated the outside of Andover 's St. Augustine Church . The Rev. Peter G. Gori , in his homily , offered advice on how to approach Ritzer 's death . "  Perhaps we should ask not why , or even how she died , but rather why and how did she live , " Gori said . Authorities are still investigating the motive for her killing . Documents filed in a Tennessee court 12 years ago may shed light on Chism 's past . The court papers showed that Chism 's father agreed during a separation from his mother to have restricted time with his son , who was then 2 , because of "  prior physical and emotional abuse as well as alcohol abuse . " The documents said the parents were attempting to reconcile . Chism 's uncle , Terrence Chism Blaine , told CNN in the days after the crime that the boy 's parents are now separated and that the father -- a former military man -- now lives in Florida . The suspect 's mother , Diana Chism , last month released a statement through her son 's attorney saying her "  heart is broken for the Ritzer family and the loss of their daughter and sister Colleen Ritzer . " "  Her son was born in love and is dear to her , very dear , " the statement said . Teacher slayings hurt view of schools as safe havens CNN 's Alexandra Field , Rande Iaboni , Pamela Brown , Don Lemon and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Philip Chism indicted on murder , other charges in the killing of teacher Colleen Ritzer Prosecutor says indictments detail "  horrific and unspeakable acts " Defense lawyer declines to comment on action
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A federal lawsuit was filed Tuesday against Atlanta police over a September raid at a gay club , on behalf of 19 patrons who say they were forcibly searched and detained . The suit , filed by the gay-rights group Lambda Legal , names Atlanta Police Chief Richard Pennington and 48 officers who were at the Atlanta Eagle bar the night of September 10 . "  The Atlanta Police Department dispatched about 20 to 30 officers to the Atlanta Eagle , including its ` Red Dog ' unit dressed in SWAT team gear , " according to a statement from Lambda Legal . "  But inside the bar , the APD found no public sex , no drugs or illegal weapons . " No patrons were charged with any crime , the organization said . During the raid , patrons were made to lie face down on the floor while background checks were run on everyone , the statement said . "  Eagle bar patrons heard anti-gay slurs ; were forced to lay in spilled beer and broken glass ; and one was forced to lie on the floor even though he had injured his back in the Iraq War . " Some of the patrons were restrained with handcuffs , and officers used excessive force , including shoving some people to the floor and kicking others on the floor , the lawsuit says . Authorities searched everyone on the property , seizing their driver 's licenses or other identification , the suit says . "  These actions were taken without particularized reasonable suspicion or probable cause to believe that any individual patron , let alone every person at the establishment , was involved in criminal activity whatsoever , " said the suit , filed in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia . Atlanta City Attorney Roger Bhandari said in a statement Monday that the city had not been served with the suit or had an opportunity to review it , so he would not comment . Bhandari 's office told CNN on Tuesday that its response was the same , as it had not seen the suit . The only charges filed were against Eagle employees , for allegedly violating the city 's law about unlicensed adult entertainment "  because four dancers were observed , in the words of the arresting officers , allegedly ` wearing underwear ' and ` dancing , ' " the lawsuit said . "  Imagine if the police walked into a Wal-Mart and see someone shoplifting , and because they see what they think is a crime taking place in Wal-Mart , they take everyone at Wal-Mart , throw them on the floor , spread their legs , put their hands in their pockets , take their IDs , put their name in the computer , simply because they 're out of place or someone else may or may not be doing something wrong , " co-counsel Daniel Grossman said at a news conference Tuesday . The suit seeks damages and alleges that police violated the patrons ' constitutional rights and that the individual officers committed false imprisonment , assault , battery and trespassing . It also requests a jury trial . "  The illegal activity going on in the Atlanta Eagle that night was committed by the APD , " Greg Nevins , supervising senior staff attorney in Lambda Legal 's southern regional office , based in Atlanta , said in the statement . "  If it is APD procedure for elderly men and wounded veterans to be thrown to the floor and harassed simply for being in a bar having a drink after work , then APD should change its procedures . " "  People have asked me why I 'm doing this , " plaintiff Geoffrey Calhoun told reporters . "  I 'm not doing it because I have a vendetta against the police . I work for a police department . I 'm an emergency communications officer . I do my part to make sure these officers go home . I do n't work for the city of Atlanta . "  I was in the bar drinking beer , playing a video game , and I was dehumanized and humiliated and laid on the floor for no reason , " he said . "  That 's why I 'm doing it . " The suit alleges undercover officers entered the bar before 11 p.m. and had a drink , then later "  began screaming at patrons and employees to ` hit the floor ' and get down on the ground . " "  Several plaintiffs were in terror and feared for their lives , believing that the Eagle was being robbed or invaded by criminals or gay-bashers who might kill or injure them , " the suit continues . Other officers came in , including the "  Red Dog Unit , " a special force that provides "  aggressive police presence " in areas with high drug use , the suit said , citing the Atlanta Police Web site . Many of the officers in that unit were wearing black , paramilitary-style clothing not immediately recognizable as police uniforms , the suit says . While lying on the floor , some people asked permission to move away from the broken glass and were told to "  stay down and shut the -LSB- expletive -RSB- up , " the suit alleges . In all , they lay on the floor for 30 minutes to more than two hours , as they were released one by one or in small groups , the suit says . Those who asked questions were also told to shut up , threatened with arrest for disorderly conduct or "  threatened with violence and physical harm , " the suit says . "  Some were retaliated against by being forced to remain at the Eagle long after they had been searched . "  All persons at the Eagle complied fully , promptly and peacefully with all demands made by the officers , no person at the Eagle offered any physical resistance to the officers whatsoever , and none was charged with obstructing the officers in any way , " the suit says . Police have said that if they go into a bar , it is procedure to have patrons lie on the floor and be searched , and everyone 's identification is taken and checked , Nevins told reporters . "  They did n't say this the night of the Eagle raid ... this happened like a month later , " he said of the police comments . "  They had plenty of time to figure out all the facts , and they knew they were going to be meeting with the media , and it was ultimately recorded , and they specifically went on record and said , ` This is what we always do , this is standard operating procedure , ' and that 's what makes this case so outlandish . " CNN 's Carolina Sanchez and Stan Moberg contributed to this report .	Gay bar patrons allege police used anti-gay slurs , violent tactics during raid Police raided the Atlanta Eagle bar in September ; patrons say they feared for their lives Atlanta official said he had n't been served with suit and would n't comment
Hong Kong  CNN  China is building a "  significant presence " in disputed waters in the South China Sea through land reclamation , new analysis shows . Satellite images from late January analyzed by IHS Jane 's Defence Weekly show that China is reclaiming a significant amount of land at three sites in the Spratly Islands , in addition to two other sites previously documented by the defense publication . "  Where it used to have a few , small concrete platforms , it now has full islands with helipads , airstrips , harbors , and facilities to support large numbers of troops , " James Hardy , Jane 's Asia Pacific editor , told CNN . "  We can see that this is a methodical , well-planned campaign to create a chain of air and sea capable fortresses across the center of the Spratly Islands chain . " In November , the publication reported that China was building an "  air strip capable " island at least 3,000 meters long on Fiery Cross Reef . The South China Sea is the subject of numerous rival -- often messy -- territorial claims , with China , Brunei , Malaysia , the Philippines , Taiwan and Vietnam disputing sovereignty of several island chains and nearby waters . The areas in dispute include fertile fishing grounds and potentially rich reserves of undersea natural resources . The latest images show for the first time reclamation at Hughes Reef -- a "  large facility " is being constructed on 75,000 square meters of reclaimed land . Jane 's also said that significant progress has been made at Johnson South and Gaven Reefs . "  The buildings on Hughes Reef and Gaven Reefs have almost identical footprints : that of a main square building with what appears to be an anti-aircraft tower or radome at each corner . "  This suggests that China has standardized the design of key facilities and is rolling it out across its new islands . " Hardy said that Taiwan , Vietnam and the Philippines , which also claim the disputed archipelago , are modifying existing islands but not reclaiming land on a large scale . He said the reclamation would technically do little to bolster China 's claims to the islands under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea because these have to be based on naturally occurring features . "  That said , if China 's on the ground and is heavily armed , then it is going to be nigh on impossible for anyone to challenge or remove it , so international law is moot on this one , " Hardy said . China 's Ministry of Defense did n't immediately respond to a request for comment .	China is building islands in disputed waters in the South China Sea Land reclamation taking place at five sites , IHS Jane 's Defence Weekly says . China creating ` chain of air and sea capable fortresses '
Reclusive author Harper Lee has agreed to allow "  To Kill a Mockingbird " to be released electronically , ending what had until now been a glaring holdout in the digital library of literary masterpieces . Lee announced her decision Monday -- her 88th birthday -- in a statement released by her publisher HarperCollins . "  I 'm still old-fashioned . I love dusty old books and libraries , " Lee said . "  This is Mockingbird for a new generation . " Nelle Harper Lee has n't published a work in more than a half-century . She 's made headlines though in steadfastly fighting to keep the rights to her intellectual property protected . In 2013 , the Alabama native sued her hometown of Monroe County Heritage Museum for trademark infringement , saying it was illegally using her fame for its own gain . "  Historical facts belong to the world , " the suit argued "  but fiction and trademarks are protected by law . " Lee also once sued a former literary agent for being "  duped " into signing over the rights to her novel . Inspiring millions "  To Kill a Mockingbird " is told through the eyes of Scout , the daughter of a lawyer in Maycomb , Alabama . It deals with a local attorney 's relationship with his children and his community as he defends an African-American man accused of raping a white woman in the 1930s Jim Crow era . Its themes of racial injustice and waning innocence , grounded in characters possessing courage and tolerance , have inspired millions of readers . The 1960 novel -- the only one Lee wrote -- won a Pulitzer Prize and was made into an Academy Award-winning movie . According to HaperCollins , the novel has sold more than 30 million copies in English worldwide . It 's been translated into more than 40 languages , and still sells more than 1 million copies every year . Social buzz If social media buzz is any indication , there 's considerable excitement about this classic novel coming into the 21st century . "  Thank you Harper Lee ! To Kill a Mockingbird coming to a kindle near you in July ! A present for us on her birthday ! " wrote Amy Feld in a Facebook post . "  Hot damn ! Harper Lee okays an ebook of THE classic , " wrote another , Kathy Whitlock . The e-book and digital audio will be released on July 8 , the date of the 54th anniversary of the book 's original publication .	Lee announced her decision on her 88th birthday The novel has sold more than 30 million copies
CNN  -- With the deadly fertilizer plant explosions in the city of West on its mind , Texas will develop an online database that will allow residents to view local facilities that hold hazardous materials . The creation of the database , which does not require a legislative vote , was announced by state Rep. Joe Pickett , D-El Paso . Residents will be able to input their ZIP code into the database , which will then show the nearest hazardous sites , Pickett told CNN Tuesday . Pickett is the chairman of the state legislature 's Homeland Security and Public Safety Committee . In April , a fire at the facility operated by West Fertilizer Company set off two explosions that registered on seismographs as a magnitude-2 .1 earthquake and were felt 50 miles away . The plant held 270 tons of highly volatile ammonium nitrate on site , according to regulatory records . Records : Texas plant had n't told feds about explosive fertilizer The new database will not only list sites with high volumes of ammonium nitrate , but also other volatile chemicals , Pickett said . There are 16 sites , mostly located in unincorporated areas , that house large amounts of ammonium nitrate , the lawmaker said . There may be up to 129 sites listed on the hazardous materials database , with varying levels of risk assigned to them , he said . The site will also provide information for contacting authorities about concerns about such facilities . A launch date for the database will be announced in about two weeks , Pickett said . The blasts in West leveled a portion of the town , damaging numerous homes , a nursing home and the town 's high school and middle school . FEMA denies West additional aid Authorities have n't publicly determined what caused the deadly situation , saying it could have started from a spark from a golf cart , an electrical short or could have been set intentionally . In May , authorities announced they had launched a criminal investigation into the case , though no one has been charged .	New Texas database will track hazardous chemicals Residents will be able to see online nearby facilities that have such chemicals It is a response to April 's deadly blasts in West , Texas
Mexico City  CNN  -- Authorities have arrested a top lieutenant of the Arellano Felix cartel , the Mexican defense ministry announced Monday . Juan Francisco Sillas Rocha , 34 , "  is considered one of the most violent subjects responsible for countless killings , " defense ministry spokesman Col. Ricardo Trevilla Trejo told reporters . Sillas , also known as "  The Wheel , " has been one of the key lieutenants in a brutal turf war over drug-trafficking territory with the Sinaloa Cartel , the defense ministry said in a statement . Last year he ordered the kidnapping of three women who were related to one of the rival cartel 's leaders , the defense ministry said . Authorities arrested him in Tijuana Saturday . They presented him to the media Monday . The U.S. Drug Enforcement Organization has said the Tijuana-based Arellano Felix Organization , also known as the Tijuana Cartel , is "  known for its violence and ruthlessness . " CNN 's Krupskaia Alis and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	Authorities say Juan Francisco Sillas Rocha "  is reponsibile for countless killings " He has been a top lieutenant in the Arellano-Felix cartel , Mexico 's defense ministry says Sillas ordered the kidnapping of three women related to a rival cartel leader , the ministry says
CNN  -- An Indiana school district might appeal a summary judgment that said it violated two students ' First Amendment rights by punishing them for posting racy photos to social networking sites , the district 's lawyer said . The female students , then both rising sophomores , took a series of photos featuring "  phallic-shaped rainbow lollipops " at several sleepovers during summer 2009 . None of the photos were openly accessible to non-friends or those who did not have a photo-sharing password . The pictures got into school officials ' hands after a parent printed them and complained to the district 's superintendent that they had caused "  divisiveness " on the plaintiffs ' volleyball team . The opinion , which District Judge Philip Simon issued on August 10 , said the Smith-Green school district in Churubusco , Indiana , did not have the right to temporarily bar the two students from extracurricular activities , require them to go to counseling and apologize to the district 's all-male coaches board . The opinion does not identify the students , as they are both minors . Regardless they are the butt of several jokes throughout Simon 's 38-page explanation of his decision . "  Let 's be honest about it : the speech in this case does n't exactly call to mind high-minded civic discourse about current events , " Simon writes . Churubusco High School 's code of conduct says activities in or out of school that could "  dishonor " the school are punishable , but the opinion questions the policy 's constitutionality . Erik Weber , general counsel for Smith-Green schools , said the district does not see the code as being unconstitutional . "  There 's a judgment that 's been rendered by the court . It 's respected because it 's rendered by a judge , but it does n't mean that the school is going to agree with that and settle the litigation at this point , " Weber said . "  It 's an unsettled area of the law , and I do n't think this is going to be the final say on how social media and the school environment intertwine . " A decision on a portion of the school 's defense is still pending , Weber said . Another Indiana district recently won a case that granted it immunity from paying damages under the 11th Amendment , which grants such immunity to states . That district is defending the decision in an appellate court . Weber said the Smith-Green district will wait on that case 's outcome , and consequently the decision for its own case , before deciding whether or not to appeal . The American Civil Liberties Union is representing the students . Ken Falk , legal director of the ACLU 's Indiana chapter , said just because schools have access to information about students ' behavior outside school does not mean they have the authority to discipline that behavior . "  What schools have to recognize is there is that line and the type of stuff that my friends and I in high school did -- I 'm in my late 50s now -- the school never knew about , " Falk said . "  Now , of course , with social media , the school and school personnel can easily find out . But that does n't change the calculus . " Simon 's opinion disagreed with the district 's arguments that the photos should not be considered protected speech . The ruling says they do not count as obscene or child pornography because they contain no nudity and had a high probability of being understood as humorous by their intended teenage audience . Additionally , the court opinion holds the situation up against landmark Supreme Court speech-in-school cases , applying them with the added variable of social media . One of the major issues in the case was whether the girls ' pictures qualify as a substantial disruption to school operations , which would then not be protected speech . Simon 's opinion said the photo shoots , conducted off school property without portraying any school insignia and not shared with the wider school community , were not such a disruption . "  A student can not be punished with a ban from extracurricular activities for nondisruptive speech , " the opinion says . As schools and courts grapple with determining where a school 's authority ends online , more First Amendment cases like this one will crop up , said Catherine Ross , a professor at The George Washington University Law School and author of the forthcoming "  The Troubled First Amendment in Our Public Schools . " "  Traditionally , one could talk about a kind of geographical analogy with speech in schools , " Ross said . "  It was fairly clear what speech took place in school and what speech took place out of school . " New tests are starting to emerge to determine whether online speech takes place "  in " school , such as determining whether the person who created the speech made it available at school . Without such distinctions , "  the school would become almost a police state that could reach out and discipline students for what they do anywhere , " Ross said . "  If we are going to delegate decision-making authority to school officials , as we have to , since I do n't think we want the courts running the schools , then we have to hold them to a high standard , " she said . Ross said there are some very clear-cut examples of online behavior that constitute disturbances in school . Cyberbullying , for example , interferes with a student 's education . Though Ross said she agreed with Simon 's opinion , she said the digs and jokes that pervade the document should not belittle the importance of the students ' decision to pursue the case . "  These two girls and their families stood up for First Amendment rights , " Ross said . "  And while the judge makes a few comments at their expense , the only way we preserve rights is when people are willing to fight for them . So whatever misjudgment these girls showed in their so-called bad behavior , for society this is very productive litigation , because it protects the rights of other students , as well . "	Teenagers posed with "  phallic-shaped rainbow lollipops " and posted the photos online Parent brought print-outs of the photos to the superintendent School suspended girls from sports , sent them to counseling , asked them to apologize Indiana district judge found the school had violated the students ' First Amendment rights
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Nine of the 11 Pakistani nationals being held in an alleged terror plot in northern England were released Tuesday , according to police . Police officers guard a house in Manchester , England , following raids and arrests of terror suspects . The arrests were made the week before Easter and came quickly after Britain 's chief terrorism officer , who has since resigned , exposed a list of people who were suspected of planning an al Qaeda-linked attack . Britain 's Greater Manchester Police said the men were released into the custody of the U.K. 's border agency , which will determine whether they can legally remain in England . Police and the border agency said they want the men deported , even though investigators apparently were unable to find enough evidence to charge them with crimes . "  We are seeking to remove these individuals on grounds of national security . The government 's highest priority is to protect public safety , " said a statement from the agency . "  Where a foreign national poses a threat to this country , we will seek to exclude or to deport , where this is appropriate . " Twelve people originally were arrested April 8 , and one had been released before Tuesday . Two people remained in custody , authorities said . Police said that at the time of the arrests , their investigation compelled them to take action , even without the blunder made by Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Bob Quick . The document he was carrying when photographed outside 10 Downing Street contained the names of those to be arrested , and a source said photographers were able to easily read the names when they enlarged the photographs . Once the word was out , police rushed to make the arrests . Authorities said those actions would have been taken in the following 24 hours anyway . The men -- ranging in age from 18 to 22 -- were arrested in Manchester , about 200 miles northwest of London . They had been held for 13 days without being charged . Police will need to seek an extension by Wednesday to be able to continue holding the two remaining suspects without charges . Police say they are continuing to review evidence collected in the case and are searching at least one more house CNN 's Paula Newton in London contributed to this report .	Border officials want men deported despite lack of evidence to charge them Agency : We want to remove men "  on grounds of national security " Men had been held in association with alleged terror plot in northern England Widespread arrests made after police official photographed with name of suspects
Washington  CNN  -- Former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger used a short speech at the State Department on Wednesday to joke about the prospect of Hillary Clinton running for President in 2016 . Standing on stage with five other former or current secretaries of state , Kissinger -- who served as secretary of state under Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford -- highlighted the work of diplomats and foreign service officers as he spoke at the groundbreaking for the United States Diplomacy Center , a museum set to honor diplomatic work . He then , however , dropped a slight joke about the prospect of Clinton running for president . "  We all know that we will never do anything more challenging in our lives than to serve these objectives , " Kissinger said . "  I would say all of us , except one . " Clinton , who served four years as President Barack Obama 's top diplomat , is widely considered the frontrunner for the Democrat 's presidential nomination in 2016 . She has hinted at thinking about running for the job and has a cadre of groups organizing around the possibility that she runs . Joining Kissinger and Clinton on stage for the groundbreaking were former secretaries James Baker , III , Madeleine Albright , and Colin Powell -- along with current Secretary of State John Kerry . During her short remarks , Clinton heaped praise on her colleagues and told the audience that Kissinger has "  written the book on diplomacy . " While Kissinger 's joke was not an obvious joke about Clinton , the former top diplomat has been known to tease his successor about running for president . Shortly after Clinton left the State Department in 2013 , Kissinger gave a nod to Clinton 2016 while presenting an award to the former first lady . "  At least four secretaries of state became president , " Kissinger joked during remarks at the annual Atlantic Council awards dinner in Washington . "  And that sort of started focusing my mind even though there was a constitutional provision that prevented me from doing it . I thought up all kinds of schemes to get around that . " Then , adopting a more serious tone , he continued . "  I want to tell Hillary that when she misses the office , when she looks at the histories of secretaries of state , there might be hope for a fulfilling life afterwards . " Clinton did not directly respond to Kissinger on Wednesday , but did do so in 2013 . "  When I became secretary of state , I spent a lot of time thinking about my illustrious predecessors -- not primarily the ones who went on to become president , " Clinton said to laughter . Kissinger recently told NPR that although Clinton "  would be a good President , " he would still vote for the Republican nominee . CNN 's Mary Grace Lucas contributed to this report .	Kissinger used a short speech on Wednesday to joke about Clinton 2016 He appeared with five other secretaries of state Kissinger said for "  all of us , except one " the job was the most challenging of their lives He has told NPR that Clinton "  would be a good president " but he 'd still vote Republican
We awoke one morning in Kabul to the sound of not-too-distant explosions , marking the start to the fighting season . But bombs were not the foremost takeaway from our Mother 's Day trip to Afghanistan -- the women fighting to stop the bombs left a more lasting impression . More than a decade after American and allied forces toppled the Taliban regime , the improvement in the quality of life for Afghan women is unmistakable . Women are now participants -- and in many cases , leaders -- in a society that once systematically subjugated them . There are female government officials at almost every level , young girls going to school , young women in college , and new opportunities cropping up around the country . On a sixth annual trip , our congressional delegation of women legislators spent several days in Afghanistan in May meeting with many of the women who have helped begin to reverse centuries of repression . We spoke with female public officials , women journalists , and heads of organizations focused on advancing the role of women . And we had the privilege to spend time with a special group of people who , although they are not from Afghanistan , have a unique appreciation for what Afghan women are fighting for . On Mother 's Day we met our "  military moms " -- women soldiers from the United States who have children back home . We delivered Mother 's Day cards made by American school children , hosted a luncheon and listened to their stories of heroism and sacrifice . It became clear that all these women -- Afghan , American or otherwise -- are determined to preserve and grow the progress made by Afghan women and girls . The most striking example came when we met with women members of the Afghan parliament . At a roundtable , we discussed the opportunities that have been made available to Afghan women and girls over the past decade ; the important role they must play in the country 's society , security and economy in order to see future success ; and the critical need to protect these gains from backsliding . "  We can bring democracy to Afghanistan , " one of the Parliamentarians said . For emphasis , another added : "  We can deliver . " By engaging with the Afghan people directly , we experienced firsthand the growing sense of cautious optimism that seems to have taken root here , due in large part to women 's gains and to the recent national elections . There is no mistaking that the situation in Afghanistan is still fragile and highly complicated . Yes , the elections in April saw relative success with high voter turnout , a higher than expected turnout among women , and relatively small amounts of violence . But runoff elections set for June 14 are another important test of the coalition-trained Afghan security forces and voter retention . A bilateral security agreement needs to be signed . Both remaining presidential candidates have signaled their willingness to participate in such an agreement , but details are yet to be finalized . A clear plan to maintain Afghan women 's gains must be included . Our delegation urged for more focus to be placed on recruiting women to the Afghan National Security Forces . The Afghan Ministry of Defense currently has 700 women in the security forces , but that number needs to be increased significantly . Last week , President Barack Obama announced that 9,800 American troops will remain in Afghanistan after the end of 2014 , with that number stepping down in subsequent years . No one wants our troops to stay in Afghanistan one moment longer than necessary , and the transition from a combat role to one of training and advisory must be done carefully and responsibly . Afghanistan must take the reins of their country 's future , and America must play an important role in ensuring a lasting peace . A secure Afghanistan ultimately impacts America 's national security . And strong signals of U.S. support contribute to the confidence of the Afghan people . An important bellwether for the success or failure of America 's efforts in Afghanistan will be the preservation of the gains made by Afghan women . If the bombs we heard that morning in Kabul reminded us of the challenges that remain here , the women we met in Afghanistan personified how far this country has come , and the potential for where it goes next . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	A bipartisan coalition of women in Congress visited women in Afghanistan The improvement in the quality of life for Afghan women is unmistakable , they say Still , long-term success will be in the preservation of the gains made by Afghan women
CNN  -- A woman and three children were killed in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , when a suspected robber fleeing in a car jumped a curb and struck them , police said Thursday . Four people were killed after a car fleeing police struck a home in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , on Wednesday . "  He literally cut a tree in half , " Police Commissioner Charles H. Ramsey said , "  then hit the 1-year-old , -LSB- who -RSB- was in a stroller . The other individuals were on the front porch of their own home . He struck with such force that it knocked the concrete steps loose . " Latoya Smith , 22 , died Thursday from injuries in the crash , which occurred shortly after 7:30 p.m. Wednesday in the Fentonville area of north Philadelphia , police Capt. James Clark said . Smith 's daughter , Remedy Smith -- who would have turned 1 on Friday -- died at the scene , as did Alicia Griffin , 6 , and Gina Rosario , 7 , Clark said . Video of the scene showed a crumpled silver Pontiac on the sidewalk , pushed up against the front steps of a house and wedged against a tree . Watch police commissioner describe carnage " Donta Cradock , 18 , the alleged driver of the gray Pontiac , faces charges for theft of a motorcycle , the crime that allegedly triggered his flight , police said . Other charges are pending approval from the district attorney 's office , police said . "  We 're hopeful that it will be four counts of murder , " Clark said . Cradock and an alleged accomplice , Ivan Rodriguez , 20 , stole a motorcycle at gunpoint around 7:30 p.m. , he said . Rodriguez fled the scene on the motorcycle , while Cradock drove away in the Pontiac , Clark said . An unidentified person told a traffic police officer in the area about the alleged robbery and pointed out the Pontiac , he said . The police officer followed the car and tried to stop it at a traffic light , Clark said . "  At that point the Pontiac fled at a high rate of speed , " he said . The officer followed the vehicle , but lost sight of it , Clark said . The officer was not close enough to chase the car , police said , but eventually came across what Clark called a "  horrific accident . " Cradock was thrown from the Pontiac and is in the hospital , Clark said . He said a gun was recovered on the suspect . Rodriguez was arrested at his home , Clark said , and faces a theft charge . Both men have "  very extensive criminal histories , " Ramsey said . Bench warrants were out on them at the time of their arrest , Clark said . It was not immediately clear if the two had retained attorneys . CNN 's Mark Norman contributed to this report .	Donta Cradock , 18 , allegedly fled scene of motorcycle robbery in silver Pontiac Police chase ends when car hits home , killing Latoya Smith , 3 kids "  He struck with such force that it knocked the concrete steps loose , " police say Cradock and accomplice face motorcycle theft charges ; others pending
CNN  -- Venus and Serena Williams ' bid for a fifth consecutive Grand Slam doubles title ended when they were beaten in the Wimbledon quarterfinals . The defending champions were beaten 3-6 6-3 6-4 by Russian pair Elena Vesnina and Vera Zvonareva -- their first defeat at the championships since 2003 . Zvonareva could potentially meet Serena in the single 's final if both win their semifinals on Thursday . The Russian plays Tsvetana Pironkova , from Bulgaria , who beat Venus on Tuesday . Serena is due to play unseeded Czech Petra Kvitova . The Williams ' sisters raced through the opening set but were pegged back by their Russian opponents in the second . Zvonareva and Vesnina broke early in the deciding set and never looked back as they powered into the final four . It means Wimbledon is over for Venus -- the first time she will leave the All England Club in London without a trophy since 2006 . During the last three years the sisters have only been beaten five times in 60 matches and only twice in 29 matches at Wimbledon . Venus and Serena became the top ranked female doubles pair in the world after winning the French Open in Paris earlier this month .	Venus and Serena knocked out of ladies ' doubles at Wimbledon Williams ' sisters beaten by Russians Elena Vesnina and Vera Zvonareva It is Venus and Serena 's first defeat in the doubles at Wimbledon since 2003
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least nine people died after three rockets were fired toward an airport in the Pakistani city of Peshawar , authorities said Saturday . The Bacha Khan International Airport was cordoned off after the rocket fire , senior police official Imran Shahid said . Syed Naveed Qamar , Pakistan 's defense minister , said on Geo News five attackers were killed . Qamar said the target could be an airforce base , which is adjacent to the airport . Both the airport and the air base have the same entrance . Mian Iftikhar Hussain , information minister of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , said after the attackers fired the rockets they tried but failed to drive an explosives-laden vehicle into the airport . The vehicle struck the airport 's outer wall , blew up and killed the militants . Other than the attackers , four civilians were also killed , Shahid said . He said 35 people were injured as well . Two of the rockets landed inside the airport and the other struck outside the facility . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility of the attack . Taliban official Ehsanullah Ehsan said their target was in fact the air base . "  We have planned more attacks on Pakistani forces and its installation as it works to please the USA , " Ehsan said . Peshawar is near Pakistan 's volatile tribal region . Militants have a strong presence in that region , which borders Afghanistan .	Many people were hurt The airport was cordoned off Peshawar is near the Pakistani tribal region
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigeria 's ruling party on Friday declared incumbent Goodluck Jonathan its presidential candidate in the April elections after he won a primary vote in Africa ' most populous nation . The president got 77.7 % of the vote in the People 's Democratic Party primary , election officials said . He beat rival Atiku Abubakar , a former vice president supported by a group of influential northern leaders . Jonathan is from the Niger Delta in the Christian-dominated south while Abubakar is from the majority Muslim north . The incumbent 's candidacy sparked a controversy because an unofficial zoning agreement in the ruling party aims to rotate power between the north and the south every two terms . Jonathan , then the vice president , inherited the presidency when President Umaru Yar ` Adua , a northerner , died during his first term last year . Some in the ruling party have said a northerner should have replaced Yar ` Adua to honor the zoning agreement . Nigeria has been rocked by violence in recent years , which the government has blamed on Islamist extremists . Christmas Eve attacks in the volatile northern city of Jos killed at least 31 people . Earlier this week , an attack on a Christian village in central Nigeria left 13 people dead , an official said . The village was attacked at midnight by unknown assailants . Militants in the oil-rich Niger Delta have also been a focal point in recent years . The most prominent rebel group in the area , the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , and other militants say they 're fighting for a fairer distribution of the region 's oil wealth . CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Goodluck Jonathan gets 77.7 % of the vote in the People 's Democratic Party primary He fends off a former vice president supported by influential northern leaders The incumbent is from the Niger Delta in the Christian-dominated south
CNN  -- Jack Borden would like you to consider working well past retirement age . As a 101-year-old attorney , he has the credibility to encourage it . Attorney Jack Borden , 101 , says he 's never thought about not working . "  What would I do ? " he said . Borden , who has been practicing law for the better part of 70 years , still spends about 40 hours a week at his office in Weatherford , Texas , handling estate planning , probate and real estate matters . Retire ? Not while he 's able to help folks . "  As long as you are capable , you ought to use what God gave you . He left me here for a reason , and with enough of a mind to do what it is I 'm supposed to be doing , " said Borden , who also has been a district attorney and Weatherford 's mayor . He arrives at the practice he shares with his nephew at 6:30 a.m. . He goes home for lunch at 10:45 a.m. , rests in bed for 45 minutes -- doctor 's orders after pneumonia a few years back -- returns to work by 12:45 p.m. and stays until at least 4 . Not everyone who works past 65 does so because they want to . In a survey completed last month , 38 percent of respondents working past the age of 62 said they may have to delay retirement even further because of the recession , according to the Pew Research Center 's Social and Demographic Trends project . But in answer to another question in the same survey , 54 percent of workers 65 or older said they 're working now mainly because they want to . Seventeen percent said their main reason was money , and 27 percent said both factors motivated them . "  Some of them enjoy it , and some of them need the money . But even if they need the money , they also enjoy the work , " said Cynthia Metzler , president of Experience Works , a nonprofit that helps low-income workers ages 55 and older acquire new job skills . The group , which operates in 30 states and also uses federal funds to pay participants a minimum wage to work community service jobs while they look for other work , last month named Borden as America 's Outstanding Oldest Worker -- a title it bestows annually to a worker over 100 . Last week , Borden was in Washington to participate in events the group was holding to mark National Employ Older Workers Week . When it comes to putting off retirement out of desire , Borden is hardly alone . Preston Brown , 70 , is a police officer in Yakima , Washington . He 's enjoying the challenges that come with patrolling streets full time , and the experiences are relatively fresh : The former marketing worker and real estate broker did n't join the force until he was 51 . He was attracted to law enforcement as a teen but was told he was too short . The height requirements eventually changed , and after some friends persuaded him to go on a patrol ride-along , he began a process that landed him a job with Yakima police in 1990 . Whatever is required , from report-taking to chases , he 's up for it . "  From time to time there will be a physical confrontation ... and we can get involved in foot chases and vehicle chases . Usually the vast quantity is on night shift more than -LSB- my daytime shift -RSB- , but still I 'm involved in those , " Brown said . Nineteen years later and still in good shape , he has no plans to stop . He likes the pay but he does n't have to work : His wife of 53 years has a pension . He could be doing other things , such as playing racquetball and motorcycling with friends , but because he gets four days off after working five roughly 11-hour days , he already has time for that . "  When I wake up and prepare to leave for work , I 'm looking forward to it , " he said . "  It 's challenging and exciting . " In Anderson , South Carolina , customers at a Chick-fil-A restaurant might see 88-year-old Frank Childers fixing a door . His wife , Gertrude Childers , 88 , might be carrying a tray to a table or refreshing someone 's beverage . When Frank Childers retired from his insurance sales job in 1985 , he looked forward to free time and fishing . "  I stayed retired for five years . I got tired of sitting around , " he said . Frank Childers , who had some mechanical experience before working in insurance , took some jobs to stay busy . In 1998 , Jon Holmes , the owner-operator of three Anderson Chick-fil-As , asked him to lead his maintenance staff , and Childers has been working there since . Gertrude Childers , a former mill worker , also was hired in 1998 to be a dining room hostess at one of the restaurants . She works 20 hours a week ; her husband works about 30 . They each said they enjoy the work and the people they 've met . They do n't have to work for the money , they said , but the pay does n't hurt . "  It 's nice to have your own money , because when I want to go shopping , I do n't have to ask nobody , " Gertrude Childers said , laughing . Experience Works says many low-income workers 55 and older need to find jobs but ca n't , in part because of the recession . It points to the age group 's unemployment rate : It was 6.8 percent in August , up from 2.9 percent three years earlier , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . That 's still better than the rate for all age groups , 9.7 percent in August . Lynn Dusenbery , 62 , faces many more years of work out of necessity . The Ashland , Wisconsin , resident sold her floral business four years ago to cover medical bills . Once hoping to retire at 65 , she now has no savings , is uninsured , and -- living in a rural area with perennially high unemployment -- still has n't found full-time work . "  I was a florist for 40 years . I came out with no skills that would get me by in the outside world , " Dusenbery said . Dusenbery enrolled with Experience Works three years ago and has picked up computer skills and other training and part-time jobs with the group . She 's looking for full-time work . As for Borden , work is still energizing and rewarding . "  If I were to quit , I might last a year , but probably not over six months , " said Borden . "  I have to use a walker because of old age , so there 's not much else I could do except sit in my house . Why do that when I can not only enjoy life , but help some people ? "	Texas attorney Jack Borden , 101 , still works 40 hours a week Group named Borden "  America 's Outstanding Oldest Worker " for 2009 "  If I were to quit , I might last ... not over six months , " Borden says Police officer , 70 , did n't become cop until he was 51
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- Forty years ago , Chicago 's Grant Park was the scene of violent political protests at the 1968 Democratic National Convention . History gave Grant Park another chance Tuesday as the scene of a peaceful and jubilant celebration of Barack Obama 's presidential victory . Valerie Holden , second from left , brought her nieces , Bobbi , Jessica and Brooke , downtown to celebrate . "  Look at these people -- old , young , black and white -- I 've never seen anything like it , " said Vernita Gray , 59 surveying the crowd of up to 240,000 people after Obama 's acceptance speech . "  Today he won , Mom ! " Brooke Mosley , 16 , screamed into her cell phone . "  Fifty years of civil rights , and he won ! " Brooke and her cousins attended the rally with their aunt Valerie Holden . "  This is unbelievable , " Holden said . "  This has been a great experience . " Watch crowd erupt after announcement " "  I 'm stunned , I 'm in shock , " said Dana Easter as she stood in front of the Chicago Hilton and watched revelers drive by , honking their horns and shouting . Not everyone was celebrating . At the Young Republicans party across the street from Grant Park , Kristen Hayes was tearful . "  I 'm visibly disappointed , but I 'm hopeful that some of the Senate and House races will turn out differently , and we 'll have checks and balances . If not , I 'm looking forward to 2012 . " iReport.com : Share your view of history Carol Parr , 57 , of Lake Geneva , Wisconsin , was dancing in celebration after Obama 's speech . "  I am so glad to see it in my lifetime , " she said , explaining that she had been through the turmoil of the 1960s and welcomed Obama 's victory . Watch Obama 's victory speech " The festive mood in Grant Park on Tuesday night was not as apparent a few hours earlier in Hyde Park , Obama 's South Side neighborhood . Jay Warner , 71 , a retired postal worker , was reluctant to make any predictions as he ate dinner at Valois Cafeteria . "  We 'll wait and see , " he said . Around the corner , Tony Coye was helping his brother prepare for a private party at the Hyde Park Hair Salon , where Obama gets his hair cut . In the beginning , Coye said , "  we did n't have high expectations because he was black , and whenever a black man runs for president , it 's rarely ever covered . What changed minds is the way he spoke and his professionalism when he did it . " Behind the shops on 53rd Street sat Walter Granger , a homeless man who said he had seen Obama in the neighborhood with his daughters on occasion . "  I ca n't say who will win , " he said , explaining that he had voted for Obama . "  May the best man win . " And some people were pulling for neither Obama nor McCain . On Michigan Avenue , Raoul Duke , 21 , waved a red-and-black flag as he wore a homemade shirt that said "  No One in ' 08 . " "  I do n't think any candidate is going to make the changes in my life , " he said . Daryn Gray , 10 , held a different view . "  I think it 's exciting he 's the first African-American president . It 's hopeful , and there will be some change . "	Carol Parr , 57 , danced in celebration after Barack Obama 's victory speech "  Today he won , Mom ! " Brooke Mosley , 16 , screamed into her cell phone Daryn Gray , 10 , cheered the victory : "  It 's hopeful , and there will be some change " Not everyone was celebrating ; a tearful Kristen Hayes is looking forward to 2012
Pakistani police say they have arrested up to 40 people in connection with the killing of a Christian couple in Punjab province who were beaten , then pushed into a burning kiln after being accused of desecrating the Quran . Local police officials said a mob from neighboring villages formed Tuesday after a local mullah declared the couple were guilty of blasphemy . The mob allegedly marched to the couple 's home , broke down their door , dragged them outside , beat them and threw them into the brick kiln where they both worked . The attack happened in the town of Kot Radha Kishan , about 60 kilometers  37 miles  southwest of Lahore , the capital of Punjab . Police officials identified the woman as Shyman Bibi Urf Shamar , and her husband as Sajjad Nasir Zurjah Nazir Nasir . The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan  HRCP  , which dispatched a team to the scene , said in a statement that the couple had three young children -- two sons and a daughter , and indicated the slain woman was pregnant . "  HRCP is shocked and saddened beyond words by the callous murder of the couple and their unborn child , " the group said . According to the statement , the HRCP team "  did not come across any evidence of desecration of the Holy Quran . " Desecration of the Quran is punishable by death or life imprisonment under Pakistan 's anti-blasphemy law . Human rights groups have long urged the country to repeal the law , arguing that it has led to discrimination , persecution and murder . Woman takes blasphemy law to Pakistan 's highest court It is often used to settle personal vendettas , rights groups say , and people accused of the committing the crime are frequently targeted by mob violence . That , according to the HRCP , appeared to be the situation in Kot Radha Kishan , and that the incident stemmed with a dispute over money the kiln 's owners said the couple owed them . An accusation that the couple had desecrated the Quran "  was spread to nearby villages and announcements -LSB- were -RSB- made through mosque loudspeakers , " the HRCP said . The mob that went to the kiln was estimated at around 500 people , the rights group said , citing local police . The HRCP said its team learned that four policemen went to the kiln to demand that the couple be handed over for protection from the mob , but that the owners "  instructed their employees not to hand the couple over and the policemen were also beaten up . " The kiln 's owners were among those arrested , the rights group said , quoting police . Pakistani newlyweds decapitated by bride 's family in honor killing	Police : Mob attacked Christian couple Tuesday at the kiln where they worked They were beaten and thrown into the burning kiln Rights group calls it a "  callous murder , " indicates woman was pregnant Blasphemy in Pakistan is punishable by death or life imprisonment
CNN  From the community of Montoursville , Pennsylvania , U.S.A. , to the community of Haltern am See , Germany : We offer our heartfelt condolences for the pain you must be feeling at this time after the loss of 16 students and two teachers in the horrendous crash of Germanwings Flight 9525 . There are no words of comfort that we could express that would ever be adequate . We know something about this sorrow . Almost 19 years ago our community lost 16 high school French Club students , along with five chaperones , in the crash of TWA Flight 800 off the coast of Long Island , New York . It is impossible to be prepared for such a horrific tragedy that touches so many so personally . During the dark hours of waiting for word of possible survivors from Flight 800 , the pain for the family members was excruciating . As word came that there were no survivors , that all hope was extinguished , the anguish became almost unbearable . Students , former students , teachers and other community members began to fill the hallways of the high school building because they did n't know where else to go to find consolation . Local pastors , priests , teachers and counselors were also gathering at the school to offer whatever comfort could be offered in such a moment . Within hours , phone calls began pouring in from former students and teachers who were now living outside the area , offering condolences and prayers for all . Since the disaster occurred over water , the recovery of loved ones took days , and even weeks in some cases . Positive identification of each individual lost took even longer , which only added to the anguish . The identifications came in one at a time over a period of several days ; the waiting was nearly impossible to bear . School was not in session during the summer months , so students and school staff members were able to express their sense of loss as they felt necessary at any time . A community prayer service was arranged and held in the high school gymnasium to provide a place to weep together , and to share each other 's pain . Local pastors and priests provided ongoing support to the families who had lost family members , and this continued for several months . Some struggled so deeply that professional counseling was suggested . Because we are a community of about 5,000 with just one high school , almost everyone opened their arms of support to those in deepest need by providing meals , baby-sitting , housecleaning and laundry services . Funeral services were held one at a time , some in the high school and others in local churches . Long lines of mourners waited in silence for the opportunity to at least offer condolences to family members . Twenty-one funeral services over a period of several days left many in the community without any more tears to cry . Within a couple of months , a memorial service was held on the local athletic field and attended by thousands . The hope was to bring closure for the community so it could attempt to return to a somewhat normal daily routine . This helped for some , but families that experienced direct loss still had a long and painful journey ahead of them . When a parent , or someone serving as a parent , loses a child , an empty spot occurs in the heart that never heals . They may find comfort in the thought that their child is in the arms of a loving God , but that assurance does not mend the broken heart . Over time , the various families that lost their children in the tragedy formed support groups to share their loss . Many of the folks have reached out to others going through a similar type of loss to offer their comfort , and have found a little bit of personal healing in the process . In the years since the crash , many of the pastors and priests who served the families have moved away or retired from pastoral service . Those of us who counseled from the beginning have at times needed the support of one another to restore our strength and spirits to then be able to serve our own parishioners . This is the beginning of a very long journey for all those willing to serve those in such great pain at this time . At this writing I am shedding tears just recalling the events that started almost 19 years ago . If any of our experiences can assist your community of Haltern am See in getting through this horrible event , then know that it is in pain we achieve our greatest victories .	16 high school students and 5 chaperones from Montoursville , Pa. , were aboard TWA Flight 800 in 1996 Haltern am See , Germany , lost 16 students and 2 teachers in Germanwings Flight 9525 Jerry Upling : Communities can find healing by reaching out to others , but the journey is a long one
CNN  -- Police reports that the suspects in the deadly Boston bombings were planning to extend the killing spree to New York barely qualifies as news in our city . New Yorkers have lived through too much , too often , to get jumpy at the prospect of a failed attack by a pair of isolated maniacs . That might seem strange to outsiders , but New York has come to accept its status as the world 's No. 1 terrorist target -- and defiantly refused to cower or collapse . This is the place , remember , that recently marked the 20-year anniversary of the awful day when Kuwaiti-born Ramzi Yousef drove a rented truck into a parking lot beneath the World Trade Center and exploded a bomb . Six people were murdered , and more than 1,000 injured . With the hindsight of history , we now know the 1993 bombing was , in the words of the FBI , "  something of a deadly dress rehearsal " for the terrible attack of 9/11 that destroyed the twin towers . But it was also a wake-up call to federal investigators , who uncovered a vast , frightening plot to wreak havoc in the city . In 1995 , a jury convicted 10 men -- led by blind , Egyptian-born Omar Abdel Rahman -- of conspiring to bomb the United Nations , two major tunnels and a bridge , along with a federal office building . Had the plot succeeded , it could have killed countless thousands of innocent people . Ever since then , New York and federal authorities have been on a high alert that has never relaxed . New York is where the first Joint Terrorism Task Force was created in the 1980s ; it combines personnel from different federal , state and local law enforcement agencies under the same roof to minimize conflicts and confusion in the effort . Year after year , New Yorkers have grown accustomed to press conferences featuring the FBI , customs officials , New York police and other agencies revealing startling plots to bomb bridges , subways , airports , banks , synagogues and other targets . In 2009 , a tip to the task force broke up a ring that was planning to bomb the subways . In 2010 , Faisal Shahzad was arrested less than three days after trying to explode a car bomb in the middle of Times Square . In 2011 , a man named Jose Pimentel was arrested on terrorism charges in a plot to bomb various sites around the city  his trial is pending  , and in 2012 a Bangladeshi-born student named Quazi Nafis tried to detonate a bomb in front of the New York Federal Reserve Bank  he pleaded guilty and now faces a life sentence  . But even with one scary plot after another , New York has set record high numbers for tourism and residents . One of the most thriving neighborhoods , in fact , is the area near the World Trade Center , where a new , taller tower is nearly complete . One reason for the confidence of New Yorkers is the extraordinary visibility and ingenuity of the New York Police Department . For example , officers are permanently stationed at the entrances of the city 's major bridges and tunnels , and police frogmen dive into city rivers every day , checking the bases of the bridges for bombs . Police regularly stage anti-terrorism drills in which dozens of officers from all over the city are directed to converge quickly on a central spot , a practice run to minimize confusion if they need to swarm into an area during a real attack . And the New York police have officers stationed in 11 cities around the world , tasked with tracking international anti-terrorism efforts and going to the scene of terrorist attacks . Their job , in the words of Police Commissioner Ray Kelly , is to ask "  the New York question " : What can we learn that will shed light on possible dangers in the city ? The international team also directly relays information back to the New York Police Department intelligence division . So when Kelly and Mayor Michael Bloomberg held a press conference to announce that the Boston Marathon bombing suspects were planning to travel to Times Square to cause further mayhem , New Yorkers pretty much shrugged it off . To an extraordinary extent -- and with good reason -- the city considers itself on permanent alert , with a high level of vigilance that is our best protection . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Errol Louis .	Errol Louis : Police say Boston bombing suspects planning to strike in Times Square He says news did n't faze New Yorkers used to constant vigilance , police presence He says plots since 1993 have made city build mighty , far-flung security infrastructure
CNN  -- The reality television show personality who accused football player Shawne Merriman of choking her over the weekend has denied that she was drunk during the incident , her Twitter page said Monday . Shawne Merriman is accused of restraining reality TV star Tila Tequlia as she tried to leave his home , police say . "  I am allergic to alcohol , " said the posting for Tila Nguyen , 27 , who goes by Tila Tequila . "  It has been publicly known for years . That is how I got the name Tila ` Tequila ' cuz the irony . I ca n't drink . " The incident began at 3:45 a.m. Sunday , when authorities responded to a disturbance call from Nguyen , the San Diego  California  County Sheriff 's Department said in a statement . "  Nguyen told deputies she had been choked and physically restrained by Merriman when she attempted to leave his residence , " it said . Merriman , 25 , was taken into custody on suspicion of battery and false imprisonment , the statement said . Deputies saw no physical injuries on Nguyen , who is described on her Twitter page as 4 feet , 11 inches tall and 93 pounds , but she asked to be taken to a hospital , said sheriff 's spokeswoman Jan Caldwell . Watch Caldwell talk about the incident " The San Diego Chargers linebacker released a statement Sunday noting that no charges had been filed and saying he had done nothing wrong . "  I was concerned about her welfare given the intoxicated state she appeared to be in and I encouraged her to stay until safe transportation could be provided , " Merriman said . "  I in no way caused any harm to Ms. Nguyen , however , paramedics were called and she was examined but no injuries were reported . " Merriman said he was looking forward to clearing his name of the "  false accusations . " Merriman 's lawyer , Todd Macaluso , said Sunday that more than a dozen other people were at the house at the time , and "  witness after witness after witness will back up his story 100 percent . " In a statement posted on the Chargers ' Web site Sunday , team General Manager A.J. Smith said , "  It is disappointing to hear about the issue involving Shawne Merriman . "  We 'll continue to monitor the situation and let the legal process run its course , " Smith said . The 6-foot , 4-inch 265-pounder is entering his fifth year with the Chargers . The team begins its 2009 NFL regular-season campaign September 14 in Oakland , California , for a game against the Raiders . Merriman , a three-time Pro Bowl selection , recorded at least 10 sacks in each of his first three seasons , but he was limited to one game last season because of a knee injury that required surgery .	Tila "  Tequila " Nguyen says NFL 's Shawne Merriman choked her San Diego Chargers player says she was intoxicated "  I 'm allergic to alcohol . ... I ca n't drink , " Nguyen says on Twitter Merriman says he looks forward to clearing his name
It 's August when the Cape feels like summer to me . The rest of the summer , the ocean water feels a little cold to me . In August , however , I can convince myself I could live there all year long . I 've been visiting the Cape Cod town of Provincetown and nearby towns since the early 1990s , when graduate school in Boston made it an easy two-hour trip . Traveling single with friends , a significant other and eventually with my family , I 've listened to Provincetown 's Broadway-quality cabaret , eaten a dozen times at Arnold 's Lobster and Clam Bar in Eastham and staked out my place on the beaches in Sandwich and all along the Cape . That 's why I 'm headed back to the Cape this year , although we 'll fly this year instead of driving because of our recent move South . And this year , we 'll stay in Wellfleet and hopefully swim in the town 's freshwater kettle ponds carved out by retreating glaciers . Five guys take same photo for 30 years As summer winds down and parents prepare for another round of getting back into school routines , there 's often one last trip to soak in the season before alarms and homework and fall set back in . It seems everyone has a favorite summer spot . Ask a handful of friends and you 're likely to get a different answer from everyone . I asked a few friends and colleagues to share the places they 'd happily visit again and again . Do you have a favorite summertime destination ? Please share your recommendations below . Rehoboth Beach : Where politicos go to relax My pal Julianna Gonen can remember her first trips to Rehoboth in the late 1980s , traveling to the Delaware town for affordable weekend escapes with college friends . A graduate student on a budget in the early 1990s , she went with friends to play in beach volleyball tournaments and to enjoy the state park beach by Gordon 's Pond . More than 20 years later , the Washington lawyer co-owns a home there and often makes the two-hour drive to spend relaxing weekends . These days she enjoys the side of the state park close to Lewes , biking on the wide , flat roads , and playing golf at the Rookery in Milton and Marsh Island in Lewes . Her "  tried and true favorite " for a nice dinner is Eden , but she also loves Mixx , Nage and the new Shorebreak Lodge . Bin 66 Fine Wine & Spirits has free tastings Friday evenings  at the downtown store  and Saturday evening  at the Highway One location  . "  I like how the landscape shifts from urban to suburban to rural as I leave D.C. and head toward the ocean , " says Gonen . "  I like the wide open spaces that I drive by on the way to Rehoboth . Once there , I like the dunes , the old watch towers and kayaking on the Delaware Bay watching the Cape May-Lewes Ferry arrive and depart . " 10 budget-friendly all inclusives Premier spots "  Up North " Every spring and summer , after those long , snow-buried Michigan winters , city and suburb dwellers inevitably crave a new view . And so , they head toward a place everyone simply calls "  Up North . " To locals , it encompasses everything in the northern part of the state 's lower peninsula . The Great Lakes offer more than 10,000 miles of coastline , but some of the most popular are the soft sand beaches around Traverse City . One favorite : Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore in Empire . The top always looks so close , but the climb can take hours . Afterward , cool down in the clear , crisp water of Lake Michigan . Inland lakes sprinkled around the upper part of the state usually feel warmer , and a little more private . My pal and CNN colleague Jamie Gumbrecht 's choice ? The shores of Higgins Lake , near Roscommon and Grayling . Her grandparents once owned one of the tiny cottages tucked in the woods around the lake . "  How many happy hours were spent building kingdoms from perfectly damp sand , burning marshmallows over beach bonfires or floating in the water near South State Park ? " she writes . "  Did n't we beg every morning to shuffle over the fuzzy rocks , through the minnows and beyond the edge of the dock ? " She caught her first fish there , a humble rock bass she remembers for its tough magenta gills and pearlescent copper scales . "  The more memorable fish were the perch dinners provided by the lake -- small fillets grilled with flour , butter , lemon , salt and pepper . " There 's a cruise for everyone Landlocked beachgoers head to Florida Atlanta resident Laura Cooper , a pal from our children 's preschool days , grew up on the beaches of Long Island and still needs to get her toes in the sand . She started going to WaterColor and Seaside on Florida 's highway 30-A when she moved to the South nine years ago , and it 's "  hands down the best beach vacation anywhere , " she says . "  The sand is soft and white , and the water is turquoise - really beautiful . " Cooper 's family and friends usually rent a house with a gourmet kitchen for a week in May , when the weather is just right . There are just enough beach areas , pools , restaurants and ice cream shops for the family within walking or biking distance .  Her husband likes the Camp Creek golf course in Panama City Beach  . "  I want my kids to play on the beach , not have to schlep them to rides and toy stores , " she says . The group likes to food shop at Modica 's in Santa Rosa Beach for groceries and head to Bud & Alley 's in Seaside for drinks .  Sitters are easy to find , she says . San Diego : Summer all year If I need summer anytime of year , I sometimes take the plunge for the transcontinental flight to my hometown of San Diego , where the weather is often warm enough for swimming  the water is always cold , so jump in quickly  . Many tourists will head to La Jolla Shores or Torrey Pines for quality sunning , swimming and surfing . Others might head to Pacific Beach or Mission Beach , near Sea World and many of the beach area hotels . I wo n't argue with them . I spent many a high school weekend on those beaches , depending on who was organizing the bonfire . My favorite spot was practically in my Point Loma backyard , when I was prepared to walk . During the last days of summer and into fall , we 'd cut through the campus of Point Loma Nazarene College and hike down Sunset Cliffs toward a somewhat secret staircase to the tide pools . In the daytime , scattered surfers would try to catch a wave in the distance while children played in the shallow waters . If you want a view of the point where Juan Cabrillo became the first European to step foot on what is now the West Coast of the United States , head to Cabrillo National Monument and pay the National Park fee to see the most spectacular view of San Diego . Military buffs can enjoy the views of warships under repair and pay their respects at Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery . For my favorite seafood joint , head to Point Loma Seafoods and watch the fishing boats pull right up to the restaurant dock to unload their catch . Where do you go to capture those last days of summer ? Do you like to visit the spots of your childhood or do you prefer to explore new places ?	Cape Cod offers beaches , freshwater ponds and lobster rolls Kayak on the Delaware Bay , watching the ferries go by The Great Lakes have more than 10,000 miles of coastline Swimming , tide pools and seafood entertain beachgoers in Point Loma
CNN  -- England international defender Ashley Cole turned goal scorer as his late winner at Stamford Bridge Saturday gave Chelsea a 1-0 win over Stoke City to stay top of the English Premier League . Cole was finding the net for the first time in over two years and he left it until the 85th minute , set up by a brilliant pass by Spain 's Juan Mata . His team had been made to struggle by the battling visitors and looked set for a fourth game without a win in all competitions before the full back 's late intervention . "  I had a few shots in the first half and took too much time on the ball with them , but this time , the first thing that came into my brain was to dink it and I just did it , " Cole said . "  It is mentally good to get a lead in the league table . " Fernando Torres scuffed Chelsea 's best chance but Stoke might have gone ahead in the first half when a Jonathan Walters ' header hit the crossbar . The striker was also subjected to a strong challenge late in the game from Chelsea defender David Luiz , which left the Brazilian lucky to escape a straight red card . Luiz , who signed from Benfica last year , sealed a new five-year contract with the Blues later Saturday , extending his deal to 2017 . "  It is a great club and I look forward to winning more trophies here . I want to play for a long time at the top level -- which is what playing for Chelsea means , " he told the club 's official website . Four wins from five league games have left Roberto Di Matteo 's men three points clear of Everton , who secured an excellent 3-0 win at 10-man Swansea in the early kick off . Victor Anichebe and Kevin Mirallas put Everton 2-0 up by halftime and home hopes disappeared when substitute Nathan Dyer was sent off after the break . Belgian star Marouane Fellaini was rewarded for his fine efforts with a late third goal . He had set up Anichebe for the opener with a pass which TV replays indicated had been via his arm , but he was a constant thorn in the side of the home defense . West Bromwich Albion continued their fine start to the season with a 1-0 home win over promoted Reading , leaving them third in the early EPL standings . Southampton earned their first points of the season with a 4-1 thrashing of Aston Villa at St Mary 's . Darren Bent put the visitors ahead in the first half but two goals from Rickie Lambert helped the Saints storm back after the break . A Nathan Clyne effort and an own goal from Ciaran Clark added to Villa 's misery . In other matches , Hugo Rodallega scored against his old club as Fulham won 2-1 at Wigan , while Sunderland drew 1-1 at West Ham . Sunday will see Liverpool face arch-rivals Manchester United , while champions Manchester City entertain Arsenal . Norwich visit Newcastle and Tottenham Hotspur host Queens Park Rangers .	Ashley Cole scores late winner as Chelsea beat Stoke City 1-0 Four wins from five games leave European champions top of EPL Everton go second with 3-0 win at 10-man Swansea Promoted Southampton thrash Aston Villa for first points of season
CNN  -- As speculation grows over Edward Snowden 's path to freedom , WikiLeaks teased that his "  flight of liberty " campaign starts Wednesday , promising further details . But so far , WikiLeaks has not lived up to the Twitter promise to provide more details . And the questions are piling up . Is the future of the U.S. intelligence leaker , grounded at Moscow 's airport for more than two weeks , no longer up in the air ? Not so fast . It 's unclear whether Snowden has accepted anyone 's offer of asylum . And if he has , how does he intend to get there ? Speculation centers on Venezuela , which was the first to offer asylum . With both sides expressing interest , it only appeared to be a matter of time before it is confirmed . Venezuela extended the asylum offer to Snowden last week , and on Monday President Nicolas Maduro received a formal asylum request from Snowden . Just who is Edward Snowden ? There were flurries of information Tuesday after a tweet by a Russia lawmaker announced that Snowden had accepted Venezuela 's offer of asylum . But the lawmaker who sent the tweet , Russian parliamentary spokesman Alexei Pushkov , deleted the message . WikiLeaks , which has been assisting Snowden in his asylum bid , denied the report in a Twitter post . "  The states concerned will make the announcement if and when the appropriate time comes , " WikiLeaks said . "  The announcement will then be confirmed by us . " If Snowden does accept , it resolves one issue in the saga , but sets the stage for the next chapter : How will he get from Moscow to Caracas ? Creative maneuvering The trick would seem to be avoiding U.S. airspace or the airspace of nations friendly to the United States . Snowden , a former National Security Agency contractor who faces espionage charges , would be wise to take a chartered jet on a route that goes over water the entire time , former CIA analyst Allen Thomson told Foreign Policy . "  Leave Moscow , " he told the Foreign Policy . "  Fly north to the Barents Sea , thence over to and through the Denmark Strait . Continue south , steering clear of Newfoundland until getting to the east of the Windward Islands . Fly through some convenient gap between islands and continue on to Caracas . " Kirk Koenig , president of Expert Aviation Consulting , told CNN that such a route would probably work , as it avoids the airspace of any countries that may try to ground the plane . "  That would probably be his only choice , " he said . Such a flight would not come cheap -- about $ 200,000 -- Koenig said . "  Where it gets more interesting is if they try to put him on an Aeroflot Russian Airlines flight nonstop to Havana , Cuba , " he said . "  The smart move would be to put him there as a passenger and hope nobody notices . " Would other countries make a commercial passenger jet land if they believe Snowden is on board ? Given what happened to Bolivian President Evo Morales , it 's possible , Koenig said . Opinion : Why we 're all stuck in the digital transit zone with Snowden No place to fly Last week , several European countries would n't let Morales ' plane fly through their airspace , allegedly because of rumors that Snowden was aboard . The presidential aircraft instead made an unscheduled stop in Vienna , Austria , which became a sore spot for Morales and sparked outrage throughout Latin America . On Tuesday , members of the Organization of American States passed a resolution condemning the incident , calling for France , Italy , Portugal and Spain to formally apologize . The United States and Canada dissented . Security Clearance : No end in sight for NSA leak fallout As speculation swirled about Snowden 's next move , Maduro took the United States to task in a speech to military academy graduates , accusing Washington of persecuting Morales and threatening his life . "  Under those circumstances , several Latin American countries have decided for dignity and as a clear message to the empire , that we 're not afraid of it , that the children of Bolivar do not fear the empire , " Maduro said in a speech broadcast Tuesday on Telesur , a TV network based in Caracas . Obama administration keeps close watch Officials in national security agencies and on Capitol Hill were watching closely Wednesday for any signs that Snowden was preparing to leave Moscow for asylum in Venezuela . Some are questioning Maduro 's motivation , according to two U.S. officials who declined to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the information involved . U.S. officials believe Maduro 's decision to offer asylum to Snowden is aimed more at boosting the Venezuelan president 's standing at home rather than engaging in any direct anti-American effort , according to an assessment by the Obama administration that the officials described to CNN . Chinese Internet users back Snowden CNN 's Barbara Starr , Rafael Romo , Mariano Castillo , Mayra Cuevas and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Washington analysis : Nicolas Maduro is pushing for political points in Venezuela WikiLeaks fuels speculation about Edward Snowden 's next move It 's unclear whether Snowden has accepted any offer of asylum The trick will be avoiding the airspace of the U.S. and its allies
EW.com  -- Right in the midst of Monday night 's Emmy pandemonium , 20th Century Fox dropped a new TV teaser for "  Gone Girl , " David Fincher 's upcoming adaptation of Gillian Flynn 's best-selling novel . Much of the footageâ $ " depicting Rosamund Pike and Ben Affleck 's perfect marriage gone awry and the media circus that follows after her character goes missingâ $ " was recycled from previous clips . But here , we also get a glimpse at their first encounter , in which Affleck 's Nick Dunne says , sorta creepily , "  I 'm the guy to save you ... from all this awesomeness . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The teaser was shown during the Emmys It was recycled from old clips Ben Affleck plays a man whose wife goes missing
CNN  -- Allegations of racial slurs and threats of violence against Dolphins lineman Jonathan Martin have left Pro Bowler Richie Incognito suspended from the Miami Dolphins and sparked widespread chatter about just what kind of behavior is tolerated in the NFL . Here are five key questions about what lies ahead : Will the Dolphins cut Richie Incognito ? He 's been suspended "  for conduct detrimental to the team . " As for his future , the Dolphins do n't seem poised to make a decision quickly . "  We reached out to the NFL to conduct an objective and thorough review , " the team said in a statement . "  We will continue to work with the league on this matter . " But the Miami Herald reported that a club source told the newspaper that Incognito was done with the team and will never play another game as a Dolphin . And USA Today cited two sources in the personnel departments of other teams that said he would have a difficult time finding another team to take a chance on him . "  I think he can file his retirement papers , " one told the newspaper . For right now , all eyes will be on the NFL probe . Incognito ` weathering the storm ' Does Jonathan Martin have a future in the NFL ? The 24-year-old Martin , who played at Stanford before going pro , left the team last week , during his second season . No matter what the investigation finds , it 's unclear whether he would want to come back . Aside from the alleged threats and racial slurs from Incognito , Martin has rejected parts of the culture of the NFL , according to some reports . Some of Martin 's teammates got up from a lunch table as a joke when Martin sat down last week , infuriating Martin , according to an analyst for FoxSports.com NFL.com called it a "  lunch-room prank " that players pulled on whoever was last to arrive with his food . Former Dolphins running back Ricky Williams told CNN the NFL is "  like a closed fraternity . It 's really not made for everyone . " Was there hazing , bullying , extortion ? Given the allegations and the environment of the NFL , it 's unclear whether Martin was threatened , bullied , hazed , and/or even shaken down for money . The central allegations involve voice mails in which Incognito allegedly used racial slurs and threatened physical violence against Martin . One transcript , published by NFL.com , includes an apparent reference to Martin 's biracial background . In the call , Incognito allegedly referred to Martin as a "  half  expletive  piece of  expletive  , " and threatened , among other things , "  I 'll kill you . " Incognito apparently denied the accusation , tweeting ESPN , which had reported the transcript , "  shame on you for attaching my name to false speculation . " The tweet and others were later deleted , according to bleacherreport.com . ESPN reported that Incognito allegedly got Martin to contribute $ 15,000 to help finance a trip to Las Vegas by a group of Dolphins even though Martin preferred not to travel with them . Martin gave Incognito the money , fearing the consequences if he did not , the report said . How common is this behavior ? Time magazine calls the NFL "  a naturally twisted workplace . " There is "  often a blurry line between hazing and outright abuse , " it says . "  When your job is to be a maniac on the field , it should n't be surprising that a player like Incognito , who has a history of anger management and substance abuse issues , could take things too far . " The attention around the Martin-Incognito case shines a light on that blurry line . Former offensive lineman Kyle Turley described a hazing incident in 1998 , when he and other Saints rookies ran through a hallway with pillowcases on their heads while teammates punched and kicked them , Time reports . Still , Incognito 's alleged behavior should n't be seen as representative of many players , analysts say . "  If the evidence is factual , Dolphins guard Richie Incognito is a racist , a bully and one of the lower forms of life known to man , " writes Sports Illustrated columnist Jim Trotter . And while some NFL players and personnel believe Martin should not have made the issue public , they 're also not defending Incognito , Trotter says . What will the NFL do ? This case could rattle the culture of the NFL . It will force the league to establish just what forms of behavior are acceptable , and what 's done to make sure those standards are followed . Who , if anyone , will police players when they stray from what 's allowed ? Will coaches be held accountable ? Dolphins head coach Joe Philbin "  has to bear his share of blame here , " USA Today quotes Sports Illustrated 's Peter King as saying . "  The buck stops with him concerning what happens in the locker room ... .  T  he coach is ultimately responsible for player behavior getting out of hand . " The NFL Players Association issued a statement saying it expects "  that the NFL and its clubs create a safe and professional workplace for all players , and that owners , executives , coaches and players should set the best standards and examples . " As the NFL launches its probe , it could find itself officially informed of numerous other incidents throughout the league . This one case between two men could prove the catalyst for the league to acknowledge and deal with disturbing behavior in its ranks .	Recent allegations have sparked chatter about just what kind of behavior is tolerated in the NFL Was there hazing , bullying , extortion ? How common is this behavior and what will the NFL do ?
