Budget Travel  -- Here 's a snapshot of Portugal 's defining experiences : beaches , cities , and food and wine . Get a sense of which ones fit your travel style and your budget . Sandy beaches dot Portugal 's rugged coastline . Find a secluded beach The Algarve , southern Portugal 's balmy riviera , sees nothing but blue sky 300 days of the year . Admire the ocean views from the roof terrace at Dianamar , in the whitewashed old center of Albufeira , just a block from the beach . Rooms are simple , but all have private terraces , and the price includes a generous breakfast buffet and afternoon cake  doubles from $ 65  . The most dramatic coastline is along the drive to the medieval fortress town of Lagos .  Cars can be rented for around $ 30 a day in Albufeira ; book online with companies like Europcar .  Between Praia de Dona Ana and Porto do Mós , the cliffs have been broken by the wind and sea into jagged rock formations pierced by blowholes and grottoes . Secret half-moon bays of golden sand lie hidden from view from all but the ocean . An hour beyond Lagos is Europe 's southwesternmost point : Cabo São Vicente , a cape whose plunging cliffs are dotted with crumbling medieval churches and castles . More than 500 years ago , Portuguese sailing ships left to explore the world from these shores . There 's great hiking in the fragrant pine woods and peach orchards less than 20 miles inland , around the spa town of Monchique -- a cluster of tiny houses and 18th-century mansions tumbling down a steep , wooded valley . The trail up to the Picota peak has magnificent views out over the coast all the way to the cape . Families from Lisbon take weekends on the beaches of Cascais , less than 20 miles from the capital . There they jostle for space on three broad , short beaches and wander , ice cream in hand , along the ocean esplanade or the clusters of narrow streets crowded around the town 's imposing fort . For wilder , lonelier sand , head to Guincho , four miles west . This sweeping , gently curved shoreline is pounded by some of the best surf in the eastern Atlantic . An almost constant wind makes for superb windsurfing ; a world championship is hosted here most Augusts . But watch out for those rips and prepare for cold water . While the Algarve is good for swimming from spring to autumn , you 'll need a wet suit around Cascais for all but the summer months . The town is easily reached from Lisbon ; trains leave from Belém station every 15 minutes and take just over half an hour  $ 4.50 round trip  . But if you choose to stay , take a room at the Solar Dom Carlos , a 16th-century manor in a quiet Cascais backstreet  doubles from $ 30  . There 's a pocket-size former Royal Chapel on the hotel grounds . Marvel at opulent chapels and palaces Lisbon spreads in terra-cotta and cobblestone over seven hills , staring out over the Tagus River to the shimmering Atlantic . A rugged Moorish castle tops the skyline , and the streets are lined with baroque churches and Gaudíesque art nouveau buildings . Budget Travel Trip Coach : Friends explore Lisbon and beyond Allow at least three days for a first visit , and make time for the Mosteiro dos Jerónimos . Extravagantly decorated doorways lead through long cloisters to a church supported by pillars adorned with stone ropes and coils of faux seaweed . These rise to a fan-vaulted ceiling whose thousands of tons of stone somehow look light and airy . Many Portuguese notables are buried at this monastery , including Luís de Camões , author of Portugal 's national epic , Os Lusíadas , and the explorer Vasco da Gama . The Gulbenkian is one of the world 's great small museums . Oil magnate Calouste Gulbenkian acquired a huge collection of Egyptian , European and Oriental artifacts and Renaissance art , which was brought to Lisbon after his death . Highlights include intricate Roman jewelry , opulent Moorish carpets and tapestries , paintings by Rembrandt and Van Dyck , and an extensive collection of René Lalique 's art nouveau glassware . Finish your day with a late afternoon 's wander around the narrow , cobbled streets of the Bairro Alto neighborhood on a cliff overlooking the 18th-century city center . There 's a pretty medieval square or a magnificent church at every turn . The most beautiful is the Igreja de São Roque , whose simple exterior hides what was said at the time to be the most expensive chapel ever built -- a feast of rich gold work and beguilingly complex mosaics of lapus lazuli , ivory , agate , and precious metals . Built in Rome in 1742 , it was blessed by the Pope before being transported in its entirety to Lisbon . It 's an easy day trip from Lisbon to Sintra , a former royal retreat in cool forested hills near the coast . It looks like a Disney fantasy : pastel tiered castles crown the hilltops ; faux-Moorish domed palaces lie hidden in wooded gardens ; and extravagant , neo-Gothic mansions loom at the top of steep driveways . The grandest of all is the Palácio Nacional da Pena , rebuilt by Portugal 's half-mad Austrian king-consort in the late 18th century  park and palace admission $ 14  . It 's a fascinating mishmash of Italian colonnades , Ottoman/Oriental turrets and windows painted in garish pinks and yellows . The interior of the building is preserved as it was when royalty fled during the 1910 revolt -- down to the tables set for dinner and the lamp-stand statues of turbaned Turks holding light bulbs . Sample robust wines and fresh fish Every small Portuguese town has its own wine , traditional cakes and cheeses . In the Alentejo , cheeses are curdled with thistle flowers and washed down with rich , earthy red wines . Base yourself in Évora , a city founded by the Romans , expanded by the Moors and enriched by the Portuguese kings . Each group left its monuments ; the cork forests and vineyards around the city are strewn with Iberian dolmens , for example . About 150 miles north , in the mountainous Beira region , is the village of Pinhel , famous for its red wines and vanilla-flavored cavaca candies -- invented by nuns from the local convents in the Middle Ages . Pinhel is a delightful maze of winding streets and makes a great base for hiking in the nearby park land , Serra da Estrela , or for visiting the Côa Valley , where rock faces are inscribed with Paleolithic art . The Douro River flows out of Spain into a deep valley stepped with some of Europe 's oldest vine terraces . Port wine comes from here , together with some of Portugal 's heartiest reds . The Douro Valley is easily seen on a boat cruise from Porto , a destination in its own right . Here stands one of the largest collections of Renaissance buildings in the Iberian Peninsula . Every other corner leads to a little baroque church whose modest façade hides an interior encrusted with tons of gold . Winding streets in the city 's medieval center lead down the hillside to the river . Wander along the quays in Gaia across from Porto city and drop in on the various port wine warehouses for free samples . It 's a great way to decide what kind to bring home as a gift . Cap off your day with dinner on the banks of the Douro at D. Tonho . The house specialties are bacalhau  salted cod served steamed or in little deep fried crispy balls  , followed by pork fillets with clams or hake au gratin with seafood sauce . 7 insider tips 1 . English is widely spoken , and it 's always more welcome than Spanish , which might even produce a scowl . Portugal and Spain have an age-old rivalry . Visitors trying to speak a few words of Portuguese will make many friends . 2 . In the Algarve , everyone sees the ocean from the beaches . But it 's just as much fun seeing the beaches from the ocean . Book an afternoon boat trip out of Albufeira Marina with one of the numerous agents on the Rua 5 de Outubro and be sure to take a camera to capture the golden afternoon light on the crumbling cliffs . 3 . Portugal can be a difficult country for vegetarians . Even vegetable soup is cooked with meat stock . Be sure to state clearly that you do n't eat any meat or fish -- even as seasoning . 4 . For the coolest night out in Lisbon , head to co-owner John Malkovich 's waterfront warehouse club , Lux Fragil , which is always packed with the most fashionable crowd on a Friday or Saturday night . 5 . Lisbon has some of the liveliest African music in Europe ; terrific Cape Verdean , Angolan and Mozambican singers make the city home . The hottest acts play at the Club B.Leza nights at Cabaret Maxime  from $ 20  . For schedules of Luso-African concerts all over Lisbon , e-mail bleza21@gmail.com . 6 . Portugal is a great country for driving . Small distances and an excellent and well-signposted road network mean that it 's never a long journey to the next place of interest . And the whole country can be driven from north to south in a little over a day . But beware of Portuguese drivers . Hugging the fender and flashing headlamps furiously on the highway is common practice -- as is reckless passing . 7 . Portugal is great for kids . Lisbon has a huge aquarium , and the dolphin and seal shows at the Zoomarine on the Algarve are some of the best in Europe . There are swimming pools and restaurants here , so you can stay for the whole day  adults $ 14  . Timing Portugal is sweltering in the summer  June through August  and very busy with European tourists . The spring  April through May  and autumn  September through October  are cooler , just as sunny and far less busy . The winter  November through March  is wet and cold . Price index Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	Portugal 's most dramatic coastline is along the drive to the medieval town of Lagos A Moorish castle tops the Lisbon skyline and baroque churches line the streets The Douro River valley is stepped with some of Europe 's oldest vine terraces
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Longtime entertainment columnist Army Archerd , who was one of the first writers to reveal that actor Rock Hudson was being treated for AIDS , has died at age 87 , according to the industry publication Daily Variety . Army Archerd wrote a column for Variety for 52 years and was one of the first hosts of "  Entertainment Tonight . " Archerd , who began his journalism career at The Associated Press , wrote a show business column for Variety for 52 years , four years of that online . Archerd died Tuesday at Los Angeles Medical Center of a rare form of mesothelioma , a type of lung cancer thought to be the result of his exposure to asbestos in the Navy during World War II . Archerd , Variety said , had an ongoing role in the Academy Awards , where he was the official greeter , and interviewed stars on the red carpet . Archerd 's biggest scoop came in 1985 when he reported -- despite denials from managers and publicists -- that Hudson had AIDS . It was the first time it was publicly revealed that a Hollywood actor had the disease . Archerd 's wife of 39 years , Selma , told Variety , "  He did n't expose secrets about other people -- he wrote news . He was a loving , quiet person . He was always working -- when we went on vacation , we went to visit movie sets . " Although much of Archerd 's work was nonconfrontational , when film director Elia Kazan was to be given a honorary Oscar in 1999 for his work , Archerd wrote , "  I , for one , will not be giving him a standing ovation . " Kazan had provided testimony in 1952 to the House Un-American Activities Committee , admitted past membership in the Communist party and named others from his group . "  Army 's finest hour was his courageous stand against the blacklist at a time when almost all other Hollywood columnists were red-hunting , " said Peter Bart , vice president and editorial director of Variety . "  He really was a passionate reporter and a champion of causes he believed in . " Archerd was the first journalist honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and won numerous other awards . He also was one of the first hosts of "  Entertainment Tonight . " Archerd was born January 13 , 1922 , in the Bronx , New York . He attended City College of New York for two years . When his family moved to Los Angeles , Archerd transferred to UCLA and , after graduation in 1941 , he began work in the mailroom at Paramount Studios . After serving in the Navy , Archerd met AP reporter Bob Thomas , who introduced him to bureau chief Hubbard Keavy . Thomas and Archerd opened the AP bureau in the Hollywood Citizen News on Wilcox Avenue in 1945 . In 1953 , Daily Variety editor Joe Schoenfeld hired Archerd to replace columnist Sheilah Graham . Archerd began penning the daily "  Just for Variety " column . His 900-word column ran on page 2 of Daily Variety five days a week until the 1990s , when it went to four days a week . Archerd often used his power to support his favorite causes , including the Simon Wiesenthal Center and Holocaust awareness . "  When Michael Jackson 's ` HIStory ' album was released in 1995 , Archerd chastised Jackson for a song in which he used the phrases ` Jew me/Sue me ' and ` Kike me , ' " Variety said . "  A few days later , Jackson called the columnist to disclose that he would re-record the song . " Archerd was president and founder of the Hollywood Press Club and received honors from that group and the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , as well as Newsman of the Year from the Publicists Association . Archerd is survived by his wife , Selma ; his son , Evan ; and stepsons Richard and James Rosenblum . A daughter , Amanda , died in 2008 .	Army Archerd died of a rare form of mesothelioma , a type of lung cancer He was the first journalist honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame Archerd was president and founder of the Hollywood Press Club He began writing for Daily Variety in 1953
WIRED  -- Apple 's loose-lipped overseas partners are exchanging whispers about the next-generation iPad , claiming it will come in three different versions , one of which would work with Verizon 's network . The iPad 2 will support three different wireless configurations : UMTS , CDMA and Wi-Fi only , according to "  industry sources quoted by DigiTimes " citing component makers . That 's up from the two versions Apple currently offers : UMTS plus Wi-Fi , and Wi-Fi only . To explicate the alphabet soup , UMTS is the standard used by major 3G carriers such as AT&T and T-Mobile , while CDMA is compatible with Verizon and Sprint networks . Currently the 3G iPad ships with a MicroSIM card slot , and in the United States , the only carrier that uses MicroSIM is AT&T . Customers who want to connect to non-AT & T 3G networks must either buy an external wireless hotspot device such as the Verizon MiFi  Verizon already sells a MiFi plus iPad package  or trim a standard SIM card down to MicroSIM size , like Wired.com 's Charlie Sorrel . The current 3G model of the iPad is not tied to a contract : Customers pay a flat monthly rate for data and can opt out whenever they please . So if this rumor is true , it means that when the iPad 2 ships , you 'll have to pick a 3G model based on your carrier preference . If you do n't plan to be on the road a lot , there 's still the Wi-Fi option . Support for both major wireless standards in the United States will make the iPad 2 available to a much larger potential audience , whereas before it was only available in the states from AT&T . WIRED : With iPad , Apple still has fatal attraction for AT&T Whether Apple hammers out sales agreements with Verizon or Sprint remains to be seen . Recent rumors suggestion that the iPad 2 will hit stores April 2011 , one year after the original iPad 's release . Some third-party protective cases for a purported "  iPad 23 have been cropping up in Asia , hinting at the possibility of a bigger speaker and a rear-facing camera . Persistent rumors -- so far unsubstantiated -- have also pointed to a Verizon-compatible iPhone to be released in early 2011 . If Verizon gets the iPhone and the iPad , it would greatly expand Apple 's potential market , and would also likely deal a severe blow to AT&T , which has been roundly criticized for the inability of its 3G network to keep up with iPhone-induced demand . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	Next generation iPad could come in three different versions Currently 3G iPad ships with a MicroSIM card slot , which is only used on AT&T If Verizon gets iPhone and iPad , it would greatly expand Apple 's potential market
CNN  A soldier and a comrade who came to his aid were stabbed Tuesday on the streets of Nice in southern France , officials said , the latest instance of French authorities coming under attack on their native soil . The suspect -- Moussa Coulibaly , according to a representative in the Nice mayor 's office -- shares the same last name as one of the three terrorists behind last month 's deadly attacks in and around Paris . Officials can not confirm he 's related to Amedy Coulibaly , the man who killed a police officer in the Paris suburb of Montrouge , then took hostages in a kosher grocery in the French capital , a standoff that ended with him and four hostages dead . Coulibaly is a common name for families of Malian descent . "  The  assault ... seemed extremely deliberate or even premeditated against the military , " Nice Mayor Christian Estrosi told CNN affiliate BFMTV . " ... Justice must be extremely severe . " They were among the French military forces who have been out on the streets around sensitive sites following last month 's terror attacks that included the massacre at the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo . Philippe Pradal , Nice 's deputy head of security , told BFMTV that the assailant initially did n't do much harm because the soldier he attacked had on a bulletproof vest . "  After realizing the inefficiency of his stabs , ... he tried to hurt him in the face , " Pradal said . The attacker injured another soldier trying to assist before he was stopped , with help from a passer-by , public transit officers and municipal police . French intelligence was aware of Moussa Coulibaly , 30 , and alerted Turkish officials when he flew to Istanbul 's Ataturk Airport from Rome on January 29 , said an official in the Turkish prime ministry . He was put on a flight back to Rome that same day , the source said . Nice 's mayor said the attack shows the importance of the stepped-up security measures put in place in recent weeks . Estrosi tweeted that he wants French troops in Nice to be supplemented by reinforcements . CNN 's Alexander Felton contributed to this report .	Suspect flew to Turkey on January 29 but was turned back , a Turkish official said Suspect is identified as Moussa Coulibaly Assailant is arrested with help from soldiers , police , a passer-by
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- None of the 1,000-plus Iraqi detainees freed in recent weeks have broken a pledge not to return to the insurgency , according to the Marine general who oversees the U.S. detention centers in Iraq . A U.S. military panel reviews a detainee 's case at Camp Cropper near Baghdad . Speaking in Arabic , Maj. Gen. Doug Stone on Wednesday reassured Iraqis about how the 25,000 detainees -- mostly Sunnis -- are treated after being taken into custody on suspicion of involvement in the insurgency . Stone described the detention system as "  open and transparent , " saying it makes the detainees better citizens and helps break the cycle of violence and poverty in the country . Stone said detainees get free medical care equal to what he gets as a general , food and water made to Islamic standards , educational opportunities , jobs skills and contact with families . The U.S. detention centers -- at Camp Bucca near the southern port city of Basra and in Camp Cropper near Baghdad -- are political sore points for Sunnis , who make up 83 percent of the detainees held . The main Sunni political coalition -- the Iraqi Accord Front -- cited the centers as one reason for quitting the government during the summer . Last month , the U.S.-led coalition launched Operation Lion 's Paw in which between 50 and 70 detainees would be released daily during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan after taking a pledge not to rejoin the insurgency against the Shiite-led government . "  This pledge is an Iraqi pledge , a pledge before an Iraqi judge , frequently with a family member present , " Stone said . "  I am pleased to tell you that in the more 1,000 that have gone through this program and taken the pledge , not one has returned to threaten Iraqi or coalition forces . " Stone said the releases would continue at the same pace beyond Ramadan . Stone 's description seems a far cry from the Abu Ghraib prison operated by the U.S. military in the first years after the invasion . That prison was closed down and razed in the wake of an international scandal over prisoner abuse . "  There are no secrets that go on in detention , " Stone said . "  Our facilities are open to inspection by any agency that we in the federal government believe is credible . These agencies are welcomed because they are windows for the world . " See what life 's like inside Camp Cropper 's walls " By the time of their release , "  detainees grow in terms of working in an inter-sectarian environment , " he said . Each detainee has a chance to take classes up to a sixth-grade level , and high school classes are being planned , Stone said . About one-third -- or 8,000 -- are in school , with 7,000 having passed the fifth-grade level , he said . The 860 detainees who are 17 or younger are all in school , Stone said . The average stay for a detainee is 300 days , but some have been detained for two years or longer , he said . A review board interviews detainees to decide if they are a threat to security , he said . If they are deemed not to be , they are offered freedom in exchange for taking the pledge . Only 280 detainees are foreigners , mostly from Syria , Egypt , Iran , Sudan and Saudi Arabia , he said . Other developments	More than 1,000 freed detainees reportedly keep pledge not to rejoin insurgency U.S. general tries to reassure Sunnis that detainees face no abuse More than 80 percent of detainees are Sunnis U.S. airstrike kills 13 suspected terrorists west of Baghdad
CNN  -- The suspect in Norway 's July 22 terror attacks has told police he had plans to attack other targets , Norwegian police said Saturday . Anders Behring Breivik was interrogated Friday for the second time since his arrest , which followed the bombing of Oslo government buildings in which eight people died and a shooting rampage on an island which killed 69 . Police declined to say what the other targets were . They also offered no comment when asked about reports that Norway 's royal palace and the Labour Party headquarters were targets . The new details emerged during an interrogation of the suspect that lasted almost 10 hours , police attorney Pal-Frederick Hjort Kraby told reporters . Breivik was "  more than willing to co-operate " with officers questioning him , and was calm and willing to explain himself , Kraby said . The first part of the interview focused on going back over what he had told police the first time he was questioned , a week ago , Kraby said . Then police questioned him about his movements in the government area of central Oslo before , during and after the bomb blast there , the attorney said . His answers will be checked against footage from video cameras in the area , Kraby added , as police seek to make sure he was not working with anyone else . Individuals who have been in contact with the suspect will also be of interest to police , the lawyer said . His mother has been formally interviewed . Breivik is expected to be interviewed many more times in the weeks ahead , with investigators likely to ask more questions rather than just letting him talk , Kraby said . Breivik is being kept in solitary confinement at Ila Prison , near Oslo , which held prisoners of the Nazis during World War II . His sole contacts are with his lawyer and prison staffers who take food to him . Breivik has admitted carrying out the bombing in Oslo , in which eight people died , and the shootings on Utoya , his lawyer and a judge have said . He has also pleaded not guilty in court . The attack on Utoya targeted members of the Labour Party 's youth movement as they attended a summer camp . On Friday , Norwegian authorities completed the identification of the dead , releasing the names of all 77 . Their ages ranged from 14 to 61 , with an average age of 21 . Earlier Friday , Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg , other political leaders and relatives of the victims attended a memorial service organized by the Labour Party youth movement to commemorate those killed and wounded .	Breivik has told interrogators he planned to attack more targets The new information emerged during a 10-hour interrogation session Friday Police have not revealed the other potential targets named by Breivik He is charged over a bombing in Oslo and shooting rampage on an island on July 22
Editor 's note : Douglas W. Blayney , MD , is president of the American Society of Clinical Oncology and professor of internal medicine at the University of Michigan . He specializes in the treatment of breast cancer and lymphoma and was in private practice for 17 years in California . Brenda Nevidjon , RN , is president of the Oncology Nursing Society and clinical professor of nursing at Duke University School of Nursing . She was the first nurse and first woman to be chief operating officer of Duke University Hospital . Douglas Blayney says a health care bill provision on end-of-life care has been completely misconstrued . CNN  -- The heated national debate on health care reform has taken an unusual turn , with many eyes focused on a minor provision regarding end-of-life care embedded in the House bill . The measure provides coverage for Medicare beneficiaries who elect to meet with their medical team once every five years to discuss options for treatment if they become seriously ill . It 's called end-of-life care or advance care planning . Some opponents of the House bill have expended great energy and resources in recent weeks to convince seniors that this provision will somehow result in government-sponsored euthanasia . We have seen the volatile response to these allegations at town hall meetings across the country . This argument is completely false . This provision simply provides for Medicare to pay for voluntary conversations between patients and their health care practitioners on the difficult but important subject of planning for care at the end of life . The provision is purely optional , and patients would be able to choose whether to discuss the issue with their practitioners . For those who decide to do so , there would be clear benefits . These discussions can include where a person wants to receive care and how physical needs , including pain , are to be managed . The merits of broader health care reform legislation aside , there should be no controversy about the benefits of end-of-life care planning discussions . According to a 2008 study in the Journal of the American Medical Association , these discussions have been proven to improve patient care and quality of life . Confronting the prospect of death is n't easy for anyone . So perhaps it 's no surprise that few people talk with their doctors , nurses or loved ones about their wishes for end-of-life care . Surveys show that only 13 percent of Americans have established a living will laying out their desires for treatment near death , and shared it with their medical teams . We discuss end-of-life care with patients to fulfill our commitment to them throughout the course of their care . When a disease can not be cured , we can assure our patients that we can make them comfortable in their last days . When these conversations are done in advance and done well , everyone benefits -- patients , families and all members of our care teams . As practitioners , we know from experience that discussions with patients in the end stages of their cancers and with their family members may be long and emotional , but ultimately lead to end-of-life care centered on the patient 's wishes . We have seen many patients who were well-cared-for by their families , with professional help , and were comfortable in their surroundings . We know , through research and through our own experience , that patients who have discussed end-of-life care make better-informed treatment decisions , experience less pain and depression , and fare better overall . iReport.com : Share your hopes for health care reform At some point , we all will need to make decisions about care at the end of life . Whether ill or not , every American should think ahead about the kind of treatment they want , discuss their desires with their loved ones and their doctors and nurses , and develop living wills to document their wishes . A new Medicare benefit that acknowledges the value of end-of-life conversations between health care practitioners and patients is long overdue and should be included in any health care reform bill . It is good medicine and improves the lives of patients -- exactly what policymakers say they are looking for in health care reform . More importantly , it would help all Americans live their final days with dignity and in accord with their own wishes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas W. Blayney and Brenda Nevidjon .	Blayney , Nevidjon : Health care debate has focused on a minor provision They say idea that government would engage in euthanasia is false They say bill only provides payment for optional discussions on end-of-life care Blayney , Nevidjon : Research shows benefits of advance planning
CNN  -- The governing body for Rugby Union in Wales has confirmed that international player Andy Powell has been dropped from the national side after police charged him with driving a golf cart while drunk . Powell was arrested just hours after helping Wales beat Scotland 31-24 in the Six Nations Championship at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff , and now faces a court hearing in Cardiff on March 2 . The 28-year-old back-row forward was stopped and breathalyzed by police in the early hours of Sunday morning at a highway rest stop close to the hotel where the Wales team were staying . The Welsh Rugby Union  WRU  said in a statement : "  This kind of behavior can not be tolerated in a professional , elite sporting environment and we have acted quickly and incisively in order to leave no ambiguity over the dim view we take of this situation . " Powell , who has won 14 caps for Wales and toured South Africa with the elite British and Irish Lions side , took part in a thrilling game against Scotland the day before in which Wales clinched a last-minute victory . South-Wales police said Powell was charged with "  driving a mechanically propelled vehicle whilst unfit through drink . " The WRU went on to say : "  The player has made his private apologies to the Welsh management team as well as apologizing in a public statement . "  We will now leave the -LSB- police -RSB- to conclude the matter . " Powell 's agent Mike Burton told BBC Radio : "  Andy was disappointed and embarrassed to find himself in this position . "  Andy remains a committed professional and will now work towards re-establishing himself in the Welsh squad at a time when the WRU team management think fit . " A specific replacement for Powell will not be added to the Wales squad , who lie forth in the Six Nations table .	Welsh international rugby player Andy Powell has been dropped from the national side He was charged of driving a golf cart while drunk by British Police in the early hours of Sunday morning Powell was part of a last-minute victory against Scotland the day before
CNN  -- The Massachusetts Medical Examiner 's Office officially determined that the cause of death of an alleged Whitey Bulger extortion victim was homicide by cyanide poisoning , according to MaryBeth Long , a spokeswoman for the Middlesex District Attorney 's Office . The office plans to seek additional charges against William Camuti -- who has already been charged with attempted murder , misleading police and unlawful disposition of human remains -- as a result of the official autopsy report . Camuti , 69 , confessed to putting potassium cyanide in an iced coffee that he provided to Stephen Rakes , 59 , according to a testimony by a Massachusetts state trooper at hearing in Concord District Court on September 10 . "  He indicated that he had purchased two iced coffees . He did in fact purchase potassium cyanide , which had been delivered and stored , " said Trooper Michael Banks . Rakes took only one sip before deciding the coffee tasted too bitter . Camuti then drove him around the cities of Waltham , Woburn , Burlington and Lincoln for several hours until he "  succumbed to ... ingesting " the cyanide , Banks testified . Camuti is being held without bail for 90 days after a judge deemed that his release would not "  reasonably assure the safety of any other person or community , " said Long . Camuti and Rakes were longtime business associates , and Camuti allegedly poisoned Rakes at a time when Camuti owed Rakes money . In a phone call on July 16 , Camuti asked Rakes to meet him about a potential investment property in Wilmington . The investment deal was a ruse to lure Rakes into meeting him , authorities said . The same day , surveillance video showed Rakes leaving the federal courthouse where he regularly attended Bulger 's murder trial . Rakes appeared to be wearing the same clothing in which his body was found , according to authorities . The two men met that afternoon in a McDonald 's in Waltham , where Camuti allegedly bought two iced coffees , laced one with two teaspoons of potassium cyanide and gave it to Rakes , authorities said . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says potassium cyanide interferes with the body 's ability to use oxygen , and exposure to it can be rapidly fatal . Investigators alleged Camuti dumped Rakes ' body in the wooded area , where it was found the next day . CNN 's requests for comment from Camuti 's attorney were not immediately returned . Camuti pleaded not guilty to the charges at his arraignment in August . Rakes had been a reported extortion victim of Bulger 's and had learned shortly before his death that prosecutors no longer planned to call him to testify , a friend said . Bulger , an Irish mob boss in Boston , was found guilty in August on 31 of 32 counts , including extortion , money laundering , drug dealing and weapons possession . A federal jury held Bulger responsible for the murders of 11 people . James ` Whitey ' Bulger : The 25-million-dollar man ? Their lives had one thing in common : ` Whitey ' Bulger CNN 's Laura Ly contributed to this report .	Stephen Rakes was a regular visitor to the trial of mob boss James "  Whitey " Bulger Rakes ' business associate , William Camuti , has been charged in his death With cyanide report , Middlesex District Attorney 's Office plans additional charges Trooper : Camuti confessed to slipping poison into Rakes ' coffee at a McDonald 's
In a victory for same-sex marriage supporters , the United States Supreme Court struck down the Defense of Marriage Act  DOMA  in a 5-to-4 decision . The law had denied federal recognition to same-sex couples . On the other side of the world , in China , the fight for gay rights is making progress . It is a common cliché to say that China is changing . News of breakneck economic growth , however , has often overshadowed the country 's "  soft " development . In the social arena , gays and lesbians , a once shunned minority , have become increasingly more assertive . When the Beijing LGBT center opened on Valentine 's Day 2008 , it did n't make the cover of The People 's Daily , however , it was a major milestone for the Chinese gay and lesbian community . "  We wanted to create an LGBT friendly space , " said Iron , the center 's program director . "  There were not so many LGBT organizations in Beijing . " Iron is one of the many nicknames the 27 year old employs for her protection . "  In China advocacy is dangerous , " she said . UK 's House of Commons approves same-sex marriage Since coming to Beijing from her native Hubei , Iron has thrown herself into the world of professional advocacy . Earlier this year , she and another female colleague staged a dramatic wedding protest by demanding a legal marriage certificate at Beijing 's Dongcheng District Civil Affairs Bureau . It was the latest in a string of similar protests which have occurred in China since 2010 . While the same-sex marriage debate is still too exotic for most Chinese , there have been successes on other fronts . In 1997 , China abolished the crime of "  hooliganism , " largely used as a pretext for criminalizing homosexual and other undesirable behaviors . It came a full six years before the United States Supreme Court struck down similar state anti-sodomy laws . In 2001 , the Chinese Psychiatric Association removed homosexuality from its list of psychiatric disorders and most recently , an update to China 's "  Exit-Entry Administration Law , " will allow foreign same-sex couples in Beijing to apply for dependent residence permits as of July 1 , 2013 . For the next generation of Chinese urbanites , the wealthiest , worldliest and best educated in history , the laws are of little concern . It 's no big deal for William Wu , a gay 21-year-old software student at Tsinghua University . "  I knew when I was in 8th grade , " he said . "  All of my close friends know . " Wu , a regular patron of Beijing 's thriving gay nightlife , is still not out to his parents and in many ways his primary concerns are strikingly similar to his American counterparts . "  I wo n't let -LSB- my parents -RSB- know before I graduate , " he said . "  When I have the ability to live on my own , I will probably let them know . " French president signs same-sex marriage bill into law While his university offers no formal resources for LGBT students , the growth of social media has allowed young people throughout China to supersede official channels . Catering to a mostly gay clientele , websites like Feizan.com and smartphone applications like Jack 'd serve as virtual meeting spaces for China 's emerging gay demographic . These sites operate openly and without restriction . Nothing better sums up the transformation than how the Chinese language itself has adapted . Today the most common term for gay in China is "  tongzhi , " an ironic rebranding of the old revolutionary word for "  comrade . " This has largely supplanted the more clinical and negative "  tongxinglian . " Much work remains however . A 2013 Pew poll found that 57 % of China 's population was against the acceptance of homosexuality and only 21 % in favor . "  Most Chinese still do n't have consciousness about LGBT issues , " said Iron , who added that older people "  think it is something from the Internet , or something brought over from Western countries . " The LGBT center itself has often been an unwelcome presence in its upscale neighborhood . Twice their landlord has tried to evict them which Iron speculated was likely the result of community pressure . Outside of the major cities too , China 's gay and lesbian citizens still face many challenges . AJ Song , a 26-year-old Beijing entrepreneur is out to everyone he knows in the capital , but back home in his native Guizhou , one of China 's poorest provinces , it is a very different story . Gay marriage around the world "  I would not say it is bad . I would say it is hard , " said Song , adding that rural Chinese "  do n't have any knowledge about gays . " Song , who like most of his generation is an only child , knows his parents want him to marry and have children . The pressure to wed and continue the family line is deeply rooted in Chinese history . One of China 's most influential ancient thinkers , Mencius  Mengzi  , once opined that "  of all the ways a son can be disrespectful to his parents , the worst is to have no offspring . " Family pressure combined with the lingering social stigma has resulted in the phenomenon of "  tongqi " or women who unknowingly marry gay men . Li Yinhe , one of China 's most eminent sexologists and sociologists has estimated that there are as many as 16 million such women in China today . "  Divorce is difficult for women , " said Iron , alluding to its cultural taboo . She added that stories of depression and even suicide were not uncommon among tongqi once they discovered the truth . Still , the future for gay and lesbian Chinese looks promising . The Pew study found that wealthy countries where religion did not play a central role in society tended to be among the most accepting . China , with little organized religion and a surging GDP , increasingly fits the mold . But does that make full gay and lesbian acceptance inevitable ? The answer is still anyone 's guess . Who will legalize same-sex marriage next ?	China 's gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender community is becoming more assertive There have been some successes but same-sex marriage is still taboo subject for many Social media allows communities to thrive online without restrictions Family pressure has resulted in "  tongqi , " women who unknowingly marry gay men
CNN  -- Sudden seismic activity caused a "  mega-mudslide " in the Bolivian capital of La Paz Sunday , the country 's state news agency reported . The mudslide left at least 800 families homeless , according to the ABI news agency 's report , which did not mention any fatalities or injuries . A fault stretching 80 to 100 hectares  200 to 250 acres  triggered the disaster , ABI said . Bolivia 's president called an emergency meeting of government ministers late Sunday to evaluate the damage left behind by the mudslide and declared the area an emergency zone . During a visit at a school that served as a shelter Sunday night , Vice President Alvaro Garcia Linera pledged that the government would help victims rebuild . "  Many of you have lost the homes that you spent so much time and effort building , and I want to tell you that we are not going to abandon you , " he said , according to ABI .	State media says the mudslide left at least 800 families homeless A fault stretching at least 200 acres triggered the disaster , state media reports Bolivia 's government pledges to help victims
CNN  -- SeaWorld 's "  Bands , BBQ and Brew " concert series may be down to just food and beer soon as Trisha Yearwood joins the list of artists canceling shows . Willie Nelson , Heart , Barenaked Ladies and Cheap Trick previously withdrew amid pressure from fans who signed online petitions , tweeted and posted on Facebook pages demanding they not play at the Orlando theme park . Fans became upset after watching the CNN documentary "  Blackfish , " which first aired on CNN in October . The film tells the story of the killing in 2010 of a SeaWorld trainer by an orca . It raises questions about the safety and humaneness of keeping killer whales in captivity . Learn more about CNN Films ` Blackfish ' "  In light of recent concerns , Trisha has decided to remove the February 22 date from her upcoming tour plans , " the country singer 's representative told CNN Thursday . The news quickly lit up Twitter . "  We expect that other artists will be targeted in this campaign , " SeaWorld spokesman Nick Gollattscheck told CNN after Cheap Trick canceled Wednesday . Joan Jett to SeaWorld : Stop rockin ' the whales The park 's concert schedule -- which also previously listed REO Speedwagon , Martina McBride , 38 Special , Justin Moore and Scotty McCreery -- has disappeared from SeaWorld 's website . It now simply promises "  incredible concerts with top artists in classic rock and country music . " SeaWorld is working to book replacement acts , Gollattscheck said . "  We 'll announce the full lineup of bands when all artists have been confirmed . We 'll repost the schedule on our site then . " Filmmaker : Why I made ` Blackfish ' The Canadian rock band Barenaked Ladies was the first to cancel , reacting to a petition posted on Change.org . "  This is a complicated issue , and we do n't claim to understand all of it , but we do n't feel comfortable proceeding with the gig at this time , " the band said on its Facebook page . Sisters Nancy and Ann Wilson of Heart did not elaborate last week when they announced their decision to cancel at SeaWorld , although they acknowledged it was "  due to the controversial documentary film . " "  While we 're disappointed a small group of misinformed individuals was able to deny fans what would have been great concerts at SeaWorld , " Gollattscheck said . SeaWorld said it would like the musical artists to learn for themselves about SeaWorld . "  The bands and artists have a standing invitation to visit any of our parks to see firsthand or to speak to any of our animal experts to learn for themselves how we care for animals and how little truth there is to the allegations made by animal extremist groups opposed to the zoological display of marine mammals , " Gollattscheck said . SeaWorld says the documentary ignores the park 's conservation efforts and research . SeaWorld challenges ban limiting interaction between whale and trainer CNN 's Jane Caffrey and Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Trisha Yearwood cancels SeaWorld gig "  In light of recent concerns , " rep says Willie Nelson , Heart , Barenaked Ladies and Cheap Trick previously canceled Fans became upset after watching the CNN documentary "  Blackfish " SeaWorld says it would like the artists to learn for themselves about SeaWorld
Cairo  CNN  -- The Arab League and other world powers boosted pressure on the Bashar al-Assad regime to end its nearly nine-month-long crackdown on demonstrators , a relentless push against mostly peaceful citizen protest that has now claimed at least 4,000 deaths . Nabil el-Araby , the secretary-general of the Arab League , said the Syrian regime can "  avoid the dangers of a foreign intervention " if it agrees to an Arab League plan to defuse the grinding conflict . He said the Syrian government has n't accepted the league plan to send observers into the country to monitor the response to civil unrest . But he said the government has a chance to overcome the crisis by agreeing to the idea . "  The Syrian government is not complying with the Arab initiative plan and their inability to stop the violence is what led to the escalation of the procedures of the sanctions against it , " el-Araby said in a written statement . Earlier this week , foreign ministers from 19 Arab League countries voted to slap economic sanctions on the Syrian regime , including cutting ties with the nation 's central bank , banning high-profile officials from visiting Arab countries and freezing government assets . The number of deaths has reached at least 4,000 since the crackdown began in mid-March and could be much higher , Navi Pillay , U.N. high commissioner for human rights , said in Switzerland on Thursday . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an activist group , said 4,744 people have been killed , including 843 from the army . The group said at least 23 people had been killed in the country on Thursday . The U.S. Treasury sanctioned two high-ranking Syrians and two government controlled entities on Thursday for their role in the crackdown . One of the people is Mohammad Makhlouf , al-Assad 's uncle and father of long-serving financial adviser Rami Makhlouf . The other is Aus Aslan , a Syrian general . The sanctions are the latest of several imposed by the United States , the European Union , and Turkey . "  It has never been more critical to escalate pressure on the Syrian government to immediately cease all violence against its own people and isolate the regime from the international financial system , " said Treasury Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence David S. Cohen . "  We will continue to work closely with our partners in Europe and around the world to hasten a transition to democracy in Syria . " A league official told CNN on Thursday it is targeting 17 senior Syrian regime officials for a travel ban to member states . One of them is President al-Assad 's brother , Maher Hafez al-Assad , the commander of the country 's 4th Army Division , according to a senior Arab League official directly involved in negotiations with the Syrians . The preliminary list also includes Defense Minister Emad Dawoud Abdulla , Interior Minister Mohamed Ibrahim Al Shaar , intelligence chief Abdulla Fattah Quedsia , and military intelligence chief Rostom Ghazali . The source does n't want be named because of his direct involvement in the talks . Syrian citizens blame the military and security apparatus for the casualties . The Syrian government insists that armed groups are responsible . The instability is affecting non-Syrians . Kuwait urged its citizens in Syria to leave and said those planning to travel there should not because of "  the unstable security situation , " the state-run media said on Thursday , citing a statement from the Foreign Ministry . El-Araby has said a committee examining how to implement the sanctions will focus on protecting civilians while targeting the government . An Arab League committee led by economic ministers will meet in Doha , Qatar , on Saturday to discuss implementing sanctions , the source said . It will pass along its ideas to the league foreign ministers meeting in Cairo next week , the source told CNN on Thursday . The source also said a ban on Arab airlines traveling in and out of Syria will start on December 15 . Syria announced that it has suspend its membership in the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership until the European Union backs down on the sanctions imposed on Syria . But European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton told the EU Foreign Affairs Council on Thursday that the group is pleased with the Arab League sanctions and international initiatives to keep Syrians safe . EU officials met with el-Araby and discussed a range of issues . "  The most important thing is to keep the people of Syria as safe as possible and to put pressure on the regime , " Ashton said in Brussels , Belgium . In Switzerland on Friday , the U.N. Human Rights Council will meet to discuss the violence in Syria . CNN is unable to independently confirm events occurring inside Syria because the government does not allow journalists free access to the country . CNN 's Joe Sterling and Tracy Doueiry contributed to this report	NEW : The United Nation 's death count reaches 4,000 since the beginning of the Syria unrest Syria suspends membership in Mediterranean group U.S. sanctions are imposed on two high-ranking officials Kuwait is asking its citizens to leave Syria
CNN  -- Last week 's tornado outbreak was the largest in U.S. history , according to the National Weather Service . At least 178 tornadoes tore across communities in 14 states and caused 327 deaths . Among the communities affected by the storms was Ringgold , a small town in northwest Georgia . Half of the town 's businesses were damaged , and many homes were reduced to rubble . Ringgold , population 2,800 , had limited resources to deal with the emergency until 2008 CNN Hero Tad Agoglia and his First Response Team rolled into town . With more than $ 1 million worth of specialized equipment , Agoglia 's mobile response team has the tools and the experience to help communities recover in their darkest hours . CNN spoke to Agoglia about his group 's recent efforts in Ringgold . CNN : Where were you when you heard about the storms , and why did you decide to come to Ringgold ? Tad Agoglia :  We  had been in North Carolina for the past two weeks . We responded to a terrible tornado there that ripped through most of the state . All of a sudden , we 're watching on TV one of the worst  tornado outbreaks  form in United States history , possibly . We knew there was going to be a tremendous amount of suffering , and we knew we had to respond . We decided to come to Ringgold , Georgia , because it 's a small community , and most likely they did n't have resources they would need to deal with this type of storm . CNN : What kind of resources do you bring with you ? Agoglia : When a disaster strikes , you do n't really know what you 're going to need , so you have to bring everything . That 's why we 've packaged up four tractor-trailers loaded with just about every type of tool and gear and piece of equipment . We have huge lighting systems and rubble cameras for search and rescue . We 've got cranes and trucks to remove the debris from the road . We 've got the  generators  to power up emergency rooms , nursing homes , shelters . We 've got just about every type of cutting tool known to mankind -- plasmas cutters , concrete saws , metal saws , wood saws -- anything that you need to get through an area to get to the people that need help . We have seen just about every type and size of disaster imaginable . We can create a lot of progress really quickly in a lot of communities just by the experience we have and the equipment we have . CNN : What have you been doing since you arrived in Ringgold ? Agoglia : We were able to get the church powered up and utilize it as a shelter . After that , we quickly moved in gear to start clearing roadways . Clearing roads is really important , because people ca n't get out if the roads are n't cleared . Ambulances and fire trucks need to get to home sites to perform search and rescue , so we help with that . This debris is really tricky stuff to deal with . When you look at a road and it 's covered with houses and trees and cars -- just about anything you can imagine -- it 's a little challenging to figure out how to clear that path . But we 've got the equipment to be able to do that . So we just began to clear one road after the other . CNN : You 've also been clearing home sites . How do you decide who to help ? Agoglia : It was a little difficult to figure out where to start . It 's just home after home , hundreds of them for miles and miles throughout this county and city . And so we decided to start helping families who lost loved ones in the storm . I literally just started walking up the streets . I started asking questions . "  Do you know anybody that 's in need ? Do you know any families that have lost loved ones ? " And the local community led me to Melba  Weese , whose father was killed  . Not only were we able to go through the home site  where Weese 's father lived  and find some of their precious belongings and clear the site , but we were also able to prepare the burial grounds for her and her family . CNN : This work is so physically and emotionally grueling . What keeps you going ? Agoglia : This is part of being human . A lot of people think the government is supposed to help us or FEMA 's supposed to help us , the White House in Washington will help us . But when we see people who are really suffering and struggling , it 's our responsibility to come and to help . I 'll come into a city , and I 'll meet absolute strangers . And within days , they 're kind of like friends and family . And it 's hard when you look into their faces and you see the sadness and the loss , the shock and confusion . And all I can hope is that what we did makes a difference in their lives ... and hopefully others will also rise to the occasion , see the needs and do something about it . To donate to the First Response Team , visit its website at firstresponseteam.org . To read the original story about Agoglia , visit his archive page at CNNHeroes.com . CNN 's Kathleen Toner and Ashauntae Porras contributed to this report .	2008 CNN Hero Tad Agoglia is helping a small town in Georgia recover from a tornado His team came prepared with tractor-trailers full of helpful tools and equipment The team also brought years of experience ; it travels from disaster area to disaster area
CNN  -- Some voters are still pining for Mitt Romney to pick a dream running mate who 's likely out of reach -- a candidate who has said she wo n't run . "  Gov. Romney , if you 're watching , please pick Condoleezza Rice , " said Geoffrey Phillips , a Romney supporter in Cotati , California . "  She 's going to help you with your expertise and foreign affairs , and she has all the experience you 're looking for . I think she will help swing the election your way when it comes time . I think she 'll add that excitement that your campaign needs . " CNN asked iReporters across the political spectrum to weigh in on who would best fill out Romney 's ticket . Among the dozens of responses , Rice , the former secretary of state under George W. Bush , was the most popular pick . Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio and former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty were among other popular choices . Rating Romney 's possible running mates Rice , who some see as a Republican Hillary Clinton , has made it pretty clear she 's not interested in the job of vice president : "  I can not imagine myself running for office , " she told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " in January . "  Not because politics are so tough , but it 's just not me . " Rice reiterated on CBS News last month , "  There is no way that I will do this because it 's really not me . Gov. Romney needs to find someone who wants to run with him . There are many people who will do it very , very well . " Still , voters seem to be calling out her name as they wait for Romney 's expected VP announcement . "  She 's so experienced in the government , she 's extremely intelligent , she 's a woman and she 's African-American , " said iReporter Kathi Cordsen from Fullerton , California . "  All of these qualities could help Romney beat Obama , and to me , that 's the main goal . " A Romney-Rice ticket would restore "  hope to America , " said Vernon Hill of Morehead City , North Carolina . "  Romney and Rice would bring back prosperity , enthusiasm and complement each other in bringing America back to the great country we once were , " Hill said . "  Rice is not a career politician ; she left Washington when her time was up and never , ever looked back . This makes a statement to the character of this lady . " Sam Otto , 16 , concedes that Rice would complement Romney on foreign affairs but said , "  If that 's the point , you can just reappoint her as secretary of state . That 's what secretary of state is for . " The teen from Johnson Creek , Wisconsin , said he thinks his home state can offer the perfect running mate for Romney . "  I 'd pick Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan , " he said , "  because he 's a safe , yet daring pick and is young but is still experienced , so he could , from on Day One , step into the presidency . " Otto said that despite Ryan being in his early 40s , he has a lot of experience , as he has been in the House of Representatives since 1999 . Add in that Ryan is from Wisconsin and that he could appeal to both tea party and establishment GOP figures , Otto said . Speaking of certain states being key , Ohio is another one that may be important for Romney . Arthur Oliva , a college student in Oxford , Ohio , argues that Portman is the man for the job . "  Whoever wins Ohio can pretty much guarantee the presidency , " he said . "  Portman is a pretty popular senator in the state . He won his last election by a landslide , and he still remains pretty popular , especially in his home county of Hamilton . " Oliva supports President Barack Obama but said Romney should also pick Portman because "  he is a proven attack dog , and he has foreign policy credentials . " Some said they thought loyalty to Romney should play a larger role than credentials in his selection . The smartest choice would be former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , according to left-leaning independent Matt Sky . "  You have a guy with executive experience , he has some foreign policy experience , he 's been incredibly loyal to the Romney campaign , " said the free-lancer from New York . "  He 's not super exciting , but he 's not going to overshadow the candidate either . " Adding excitement to Romney 's campaign was a common refrain sung by most iReporters , but there was disagreement as to which candidate would bring forth the energy . Rubio would be up to the challenge , but he could also be "  a true jewel to the Romney campaign , " said Nicholas Pegues . "  I believe he would excite young people to vote Republican more , and Sen. Rubio would bring a great wealth of knowledge to the Romney campaign for cultural diversity , " the Memphis , Tennessee , native said . "  He 'll just be a great access for minorities in the Republican Party . " Rick Huffman said he would also like Rubio to run alongside Romney , mostly because the senator holds strong conservative values . "  I think Rubio is very articulate , intelligent , great personality , charismatic and most of all , very conservative , " said the St. Joseph , Michigan , resident . "  He will make Joe Biden look like a dunce in debates . "	CNN asked iReporters to weigh in on who they think would make the best GOP VP pick Condoleezza Rice was the most popular pick among iReporters , but she 's said she wo n't run Marco Rubio , Paul Ryan , Rob Portman and Tim Pawlenty were among the other top choices
CNN  -- As details about an alleged assault of Rihanna by her boyfriend , Chris Brown , emerged , fans and the entertainment industry grappled with what it could mean for the future of the young star 's career . Singer Chris Brown appears in court on Thursday on charges he allegedly assaulted his girlfriend , singer Rihanna . Authorities charged Brown , 19 , on Thursday with felony counts of assault and making criminal threats , the Los Angeles County , California , District Attorney 's Office said . If convicted , the sentence could range from probation to four years and eight months in prison , officials said . Brown appeared before a judge on Thursday , but the arraignment was delayed for a month at the request of his attorney . Twenty-one-year-old Rihanna was allegedly attacked by Brown on a Los Angeles street before their scheduled performances at the Grammy Awards on February 8 . Message boards across the Internet were abuzz with reaction after the sworn statement by Los Angeles Police Detective DeShon Andrews surfaced . The statement painted a brutal picture of what allegedly happened in the early morning hours of February 8 . Watch Brown at his court appearance " "  Robyn F. -LSB- Rihanna 's real name is Robyn Rihanna Fenty -RSB- turned to face Brown and he punched her in the left eye with his right hand , " the affidavit stated . "  He then drove away in the vehicle and continued to punch her in the face with his right hand while steering the vehicle with his left hand . The assault caused Robyn F. 's mouth to fill with blood and blood to splatter all over her clothing and the interior of the vehicle . " Emil Wilbekin , editor-in-chief of GIANT Magazine , said some readers were expressing outrage at Brown 's alleged actions on postings at the GIANT Web site , writing that they hope Brown gets jail time and that justice is served . "  In Chris Brown 's case , there are two things going on , " Wilbekin said . "  The first is that Chris is such a clean-cut young man and so this is a very shocking turn of events , because it 's completely against what we know of his entertainment persona . "  The second part is that both -LSB- Rihanna and Brown -RSB- have very young female fans . " Listen to the reaction of fans on HLN 's "  Showbiz Tonight " " Brown , a native of small-town Tappahannock , Virginia , made the music scene with his 2005 debut album and the single , "  Run It ! " , which quickly topped the Billboard music chart . His good looks and athletic dance moves quickly rocketed him to teen idol status and he solidified that reputation with a successful follow-up album , movie and TV appearances and a Grammy nominated duet with "  American Idol " winner Jordan Sparks . Stories of troubled singers are nothing new to the entertainment industry . Many artists , including Whitney Houston and Britney Spears , have been able to survive the negative press and emerge with many fans still intact . But industry insiders like Wilbekin point out that there is a marked difference between self-destructive behavior and allegedly causing harm to another person . iReport : Share your reaction to the Chris Brown allegations Even though Brown issued a brief apology for the incident , Wilbekin said he believes the entertainer has been hurt by the silence emanating from his camp . "  He still has not made -LSB- an extensive -RSB- statement to the public , and particularly because a lot of his fans are young women , that 's not going to go over well , " Wilbekin said . "  I think the fact that he 's not come clean about it , which I understand for legal reasons , is an issue . Not saying anything at all is not helpful , especially not for his career . " Joann Killeen , president of Killeen Furtney Group , knows a bit about crisis communications -- her marketing and public relations firm initially represented California octuplet mom Nadya Suleman before later dropping her as a client -- and agrees that silence is not always golden . Killeen said Brown 's representatives may have erred by waiting a week before issuing a statement . "  By then everybody had an idea and a vision as to what happened , " she said . "  Unfortunately if you do n't speak and frame the issue , state what happened , state the facts that you know , someone else is going to do it for you and you lose your position of being proactive and owning the story . " While she points out that America loves a comeback story -- like actor Robert Downey Jr. , who was nominated for an Academy Award this year after multiple drug-related arrests in the past -- Killeen said the public can be much more forgiving about drug abuse than domestic violence . "  I think it 's going to take a concerted effort on -LSB- Brown 's -RSB- part to be very vocal about asking not only Rihanna for forgiveness , but he has to convince America that he 's really going to work on resolving his anger issues and putting his life back together , " Killeen said . Despite the charges , some fans are vowing to take a wait-and-see approach . "  I 'm sure there are people out there that feel betrayed , " said twentysomething Brown fan Kadija White of Capital Heights , Maryland . "  But there are probably some people like me who still are going to like his music . " However , Devi Dev , who does the entertainment segment on urban radio station 93.5 KDAY in Los Angeles , said listeners have been extremely vocal in their support for Rihanna and their sadness at the incident . "  A lot of the ladies are just like ' I feel so bad for her . Leave him girl , leave him ' and the guys are being very defensive , saying women hit men , too , " said Dev . If Brown has any hope of surviving this , he is going to have to completely reinvent himself as an artist who appeals to older fans , Dev said . "  His fan base is teenage girls and the fact that he allegedly hit a young woman , his fan base is completely gone , " she said . "  No parent is going to want to support their child listening to his music or buying his music . "	Many question whether Chris Brown 's career can survive felony charges Fans flood message boards with anger after alleged brutality revealed Former PR rep for octuplet mom says Brown will have to work to regain reputation Radio personality : "  No parent is going to support their child listening to his music "
CNN  -- How would you like to be Janet Napolitano on the day the first person is stabbed or slashed on a commercial airline flight ? Usually , it would be unfair to personalize the question like that ; second-guessing a public policy decision after the fact is always easy . But in the case of the dimwitted decision to lift the prohibition against passengers carrying knives onto airplanes , Napolitano , the secretary of the Department of Homeland Security , will be the one to get the direct blame if something terrible happens in the air , because she has been given ample notice that people who make their living flying think the idea is inexplicable and highly dangerous . In early March , the Transportation Security Administration -- a part of the Homeland Security bureaucracy -- announced that it would soon allow knives with blades shorter than 2.36 inches in length , and no wider than a half-inch , to be carried onto flights . There was immediate outcry from members of Congress , pilots and flight attendants . Many people may have assumed that , because the decision was so nonsensical , it would soon be scrapped . But it has n't been ; April 25 has been set as the day when , for the first time since restrictions were instituted after the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , passengers carrying knives will be permitted to board any commercial flight . Napolitano and the TSA have shown no inclination to reconsider . It was passengers carrying blades , of course , who carried out the 9/11 attacks . But Napolitano has been adamant , even flippant , in dismissing the concerns about the wisdom of welcoming blades back onboard . The Christian Science Monitor reported that , at a breakfast sponsored by that publication , Napolitano rebuffed the critics by comparing them to a comedic character once played by a popular actress in the early years of "  Saturday Night Live " : "  It 's kind of like Gilda Radner , you know , if it is not one thing , it 's another . " Napolitano 's chief official at TSA , John Pistole , has said that by freeing TSA screeners from looking for small knives , they will be able to "  better focus their efforts on finding higher threat items such as explosives . " He also said : "  A small pocket knife is simply not going to result in the catastrophic failure of an aircraft . " Greene : Ebert 's sheer love of life U.S. Rep. Michael Grimm of New York -- he , like Pistole , is a former FBI agent -- recalled those blades  not explosives  that resulted in the 9/11 carnage , and characterized the refusal of Homeland Security and TSA to rethink their position as "  borderline idiocy . " Grimm is wrong only about the "  borderline " part . Will every passenger with a knife present a danger ? Of course not , and that is n't the issue . An infinitesimal percentage of passengers board a flight with deadly intentions . The enormously expensive and technologically sophisticated post-9 / 11 security measures are in place precisely because their presence is meant to deter those few passengers bent on destruction . Why would you possibly go to the trouble of electronically frisking everyone boarding a flight , and then wave the passengers carrying knives right onboard ? Last week , members of the Association of Flight Attendants handed out leaflets at large airports around the country , asking for the public 's help in trying to convince Homeland Security and the TSA to change their minds . The association said : "  The people on the front lines of aviation security know that allowing knives on planes is a bad idea . " And the Flight Attendants ' Union Coalition released a letter from the family of Sara Elizabeth Low , an American Airlines flight attendant killed on 9/11 . The family addressed the letter to TSA Administrator Pistole : "  We are astounded by the lack of understanding and thoughtlessness that this terrible decision reflects . ... The terrorists have to be laughing at how naÃ ¯ ve our government continues to be . ... For the safety of flight crews , passengers and those potentially affected on the ground , please reconsider this terrible decision . Take a page from the doctors ' oath and ` first do no harm . ' " The plan to allow the knives wo n't even speed up the airport screening process . Try to imagine the scene at the front of the lines , as already overworked TSA agents are forced to take tape measures or rulers and gauge the length and width of knives , as travelers insist their blades are shorter than 2.36 inches or that they are n't more than a half-inch wide . Try to envision the arguments that will ensue . So stubborn is Homeland Security and the TSA about refusing to reconsider the new policy that officials -- why they would choose to say these things out loud is incomprehensible -- are rationalizing their knives-on-planes initiative by publicly declaring that other items onboard could also be used to harm passengers and crew : "  If you are talking about a small knife , there are already things on a plane that somebody can convert into a small , sharp object , " Napolitano said . Summer is coming , and with it flights that are jammed to capacity , passengers who are irritable and hot , delays that make blood pressure rise . It wo n't even have to be a terrorist -- just a drunken , enraged or emotionally disturbed passenger who has been given permission by the government to bring a knife along with him . Napolitano , at that Christian Science Monitor breakfast , was quoted as saying that it was the handling of the announcement of the new rules that was the problem : "  Where we could have done better , quite frankly , was a little more legislative and public outreach before we announced the decision . Try to give it a softer landing , as it were . " She could n't be more wrong . It was n't the handling of the announcement that was the problem . It was n't a lack of "  public outreach . " The problem was -- and is -- the policy itself . A policy that will -- unless Congress or the White House steps in -- put knives back into the hands of air travelers before this month is out . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Napolitano will be responsible if decision to allow knives on planes brings disaster Greene : Rule would allow blades under 2.36 inches . But knives were used in 9/11 attacks He says airline workers and some lawmakers are opposed ; Napolitano so far wo n't budge Greene : What if an angry or drunk passenger loses control ? The new rule is insanity
Rome  CNN  -- The Roman Catholic Church will declare the late Pope John Paul II a saint , the Vatican announced Friday . Pope Francis signed the decree Friday morning , the Vatican said . John Paul was pope from 1978 until his death in 2005 , and was in a way the first rock star pontiff , drawing vast crowds as he crisscrossed the globe . At his funeral , thousands of pilgrims gathered in St. Peter 's Square and chanted "  Santo subito " -- Sainthood now ! The Polish-born pope was fast-tracked to beatification and became "  the blessed " John Paul II barely six years after his death , the fastest beatification in centuries . Sainthood explained : Understanding John Paul II 's beatification Pope John XXIII , who convened the Vatican II council in the 1960s , will also be declared a saint , the Vatican said No date has been announced for the canonization ceremony . Pope John Paul II , the third-longest serving pope in history , died in April 2005 at the age of 84 . He had suffered from Parkinson 's disease , arthritis and other ailments for several years before his death . Pope John Paul II : Fast Facts During his tenure , he became the most widely traveled pope in history and canonized more saints than any other pope . His papacy included a lot of firsts . He was the first modern pope to visit a synagogue and the first pope to visit Cuba . There are essentially three steps to becoming a Catholic saint after death . First , the title "  venerable " is formally given by the pope to someone judged to have exhibited "  heroic virtues . " Second , a miracle must be attributed to the deceased person 's intervention , allowing beatification . Canonization -- or sainthood -- requires a second attributed miracle . In 2010 , Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI approved John Paul 's first reported miracle : a French nun supposedly cured of Parkinson 's disease . Benedict XVI 's homily of beatification for John Paul II Sister Marie-Simon-Pierre , a nun whose order prayed to the pope after he died , said she was cured of the disease , an ailment that also afflicted John Paul . The second miracle reportedly occurred in Costa Rica , where a woman said she recovered from a severe brain injury thanks to the intervention of John Paul , sources told CNN Vatican analyst John Allen . Patrick Kelly , executive director of the Blessed John Paul II Shrine in Washington , explained the church 's process for investigating reported miracles . "  A team of doctors first examine the miracle . Secondly , the team of theologians look at the miracles , and then they discuss amongst themselves the legitimacy and all the facts surrounding the miracles , " he said . Despite being so beloved , John Paul did n't live up to expectations at a crucial moment in the church 's history , as revelations of sexual abuse scandals involving thousands Catholic priests erupted across the world in the early 2000s , critics say . In the United States alone , the scandal involved more than 16,400 victims or alleged victims and cost the church $ 2.6 billion in settlements , therapy bills , lawyers ' fees and care for priests removed from ministry , according to the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops . John XXIII was famed for calling the Second Vatican Council in 1962 , which ushered in great changes in the Roman Catholic Church 's relationship with the modern world . He was pope from 1958 to 1963 , and was beatified by Pope John Paul II in 2000 .	Pope John Paul II will be declared a saint Pope John XXIII also achieved sainthood John Paul II was the third-longest serving pope in history
Capitol Hill  CNN  -- The politics of fear . Until recently , that seemed so 10 years ago , right after September 11 , 2001 . That is , until ISIS started beheading Americans . Now , just six weeks before Election Day , security concerns could be a September surprise that shakes up the midterms . Across the country GOP candidates on the ballot in November are using the threat posed by ISIS to dust off an old playbook -- attack Democratic opponents as weak on national security . The sun had barely come up Tuesday after a night of new United States and coalition airstrikes in Syria , when New Hampshire Republican Senate challenger Scott Brown released an ad using an ominous image of a fighter holding a black ISIS flag , while Brown talks about the threat from "  radical Islamic terrorists . " Brown , a retired member of the Army National Guard , touts his own experience in the ad before putting up side-by-side pictures of his Democratic opponent , Jeanne Shaheen , and President Obama , saying , "  President Obama and Senator Shaheen seem confused about the threat , not me . " This ad could hit particularly close to home in New Hampshire ; James Foley , the American journalist beheaded by ISIS , was from the Granite State . Related : James Foley 's mother "  appalled " by U.S. government But Republican strategists tell CNN that ads like this are driven by voter data from focus groups and polling all over the country , which signals that security is a rising priority among voters , especially with married women who Republicans rely on in midterm elections . Neil Newhouse , a GOP pollster who does work in several competitive races this year , tells CNN security is now a "  top-tier issue that no one saw coming . " CNN Poll : Spike in terror fears In addition to his work for campaigns , Newhouse has polled for years on what he calls "  Walmart Moms " -- female voters with children 18 or younger at home and shop at Walmart at least once a month . During focus-group interviews Newhouse and colleagues conducted earlier this month in Arkansas and Iowa , two key battleground states this November , "  Walmart Moms express specific concern about ISIS , " Newhouse said in a memo about the data . "  This is an unusual for swing voters and not a common theme we have heard in previous groups , " the memo said . Rep. Greg Walden , the Oregon Republican in charge of getting more House Republicans elected in November , also told reporters last week that national security issues were "  popping " in opinion polls . The National Republican Congressional Committee is jumping on that -- rolling out four security-related television commercials last Friday in competitive races , including spots that warned Democrats ' positions make them "  dangerous " in the face of new threats from ISIS . Walden cited "  security moms " as a key group he believes are already gravitating towards Republican candidates . The issue , however , could ensure they go from supporting Republicans to actually making sure to vote . Two new ads were released on Tuesday -- more proof that Republicans are all in on this new security strategy . Back to the Future ? Both Republican and Democratic campaign strategists say this mirrors the approach the GOP used effectively in 2002 and 2004 . To former Georgia Sen. Max Cleland -- it is eerily familiar . "  That 's exactly what they did to me , " Cleland told CNN in a telephone interview . In 2002 , the year after 9/11 , his GOP opponent Saxby Chambliss ran ads calling him weak on national security . Despite the fact that Cleland was a Vietnam War veteran who lost three of his four limbs on the battlefield , Chambliss ' attacks resonated with Georgia voters and Cleland lost his Senate seat . Cleland says there were a lot of other reasons for his defeat , but that certainly was a factor . So what is his advice to Democrats like Shaheen who are coming under fire on the New Hampshire campaign trail now ? "  Fight like hell and tell the people of New Hampshire this is b * llsh * t , " said Cleland . "  The Republicans will use any advantage . If the economy was sucking air they would do that now , " Cleland added . Shaheen did in fact release a statement Tuesday pushing back on Brown 's ad questioning her national security chops , saying "  I have supported and will continue to support aggressive action to destroy ISIL in Iraq and Syria . " She 's not the only Senate Democrat under attack on security . Republicans in North Carolina are hitting Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan for failing to focus on the terror threat . Hagan is locked in a tight race with GOP candidate Thom Tillis . The National Republican Senatorial Committee and Tillis tweeted out a chart on Monday that showed that Hagan had missed half of the hearings on the Senate Armed Services Committee , and as chair of a subcommittee on emerging threats , had not held a hearing on the terror group ISIS at all . A spokesman for Hagan acknowledges she did miss Armed Services Committee hearings because they conflicted with other Senate work . But Democrats deny that Kagan ignored ISIS in the subcommittee she chairs , saying she held several hearings on counterterrorism , and that Iraq and al Qaeda have been a major focus of all of them . ISIS is such a big threat , the Armed Services Chairman wanted to chair hearings on the issue before the entire committee . Hagan aides are fighting back by slamming Tillis for not taking a position on whether to arm and train Syrian rebels , which Hagan voted for . Obama offers ` broad vision of American leadership ' in U.N. speech Democrats Push Back There is some evidence Democrats are worried that what they call "  the politics of fear " could work against them . Former Iowa state Rep. Staci Appel , who was targeted by the NRCC on Friday , scrambled an ad of her own on the air to respond . The GOP used footage of Appel 's response to a question in a recent debate , and suggested she would not support taking away U.S. passports from suspected terrorists . Appel responded in her new ad by speaking directly to camera and calling her GOP opponent David Young 's charge "  a lie . " "  I support revoking passports for terrorists , " said Appel in the ad . Still Democratic pollster Anna Greenberg argues the concept of a "  security mom " -- the kind of voter being targeted in these new ads -- does n't exist . She says it 's a myth . "  We should not conflate an expression of concern about terrorism with it as a driver of vote choice , " says Greenberg in a blog for the Huffington Post . "  Voters typically look to the President and to the military for security , not to members of Congress , " says Greenberg . "  Moreover , there is a world of difference between where we are now and where we were just after the 9/11 attacks . " On that , GOP pollster Neil Newhouse agrees , calling today 's security concerns much lower than they were in the two elections after 9/11 . Still , he insists it has resonance -- especially given how close the ISIS beheadings happened to Election Day . The chairman of the Democratic Campaign Committee , Rep Steve Israel of New York , says he still believes that middle class economics , not national security , is the dominant factor in how most people will vote . Share your view on the airstrikes Israel also argues that this GOP strategy will turn off independent and swing voters in key races . "  They -LSB- independent voters -RSB- want to be united during a time of threat and do n't want a political party to divide Americans , " Israel told CNN . "  Using ISIL as a political tool is meant as a strategy to turn out their base , but the inherent problem in pushing partisanship is losing persuadable voters , " he said , predicting it would "  backfire " But Walden , Israel 's GOP counterpart , says talking security on the campaign trail is a legitimate issue and fair game . Walden told reporters that its ' important for GOP candidates to engage voters on issues they are talking about , and recent developments in the Mideast have made national security one everyone is talking about . CNN 's Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	GOP reviving politics of fear as nation worries about terror threat Former Sen. Max Cleland tells CNN : "  That 's exactly what they did to me "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Scotland striker Chris Iwelumo marked his international debut on Saturday by missing an open goal in the 0-0 draw against Norway . Iwelumo made his debut appearance for his national side , but missed a two-yard tap-in . Despite the easy nature of the chance , Iwelumo is by no means the first player to fail to score in such simple circumstances on British soil ... For this 11-a-side we have compiled 10 other heart-stopping gaffes to prove to the unfortunate Scot that he 's not alone in his misery . How many of these other shocking misses do you remember ? 1  Ronny Rosenthal : LIVERPOOL v Aston Villa 1992 With the score tied at 0-0 the Israeli striker rounded the goalkeeper and , faced with the goal at his mercy , somehow contrived to smack his shot against the crossbar . Liverpool went on to lose the match 4-2 . 2  Ryan Giggs : MANCHESTER UNITED v Arsenal 2003 Giggs had scored one of the FA Cup 's great goals when taking on the whole of the Arsenal defense in their semifinal at Villa Park in 1999 . However , four years later , the Welsh winger managed to balloon his shot over the crossbar after a mistake had allowed him a clear run on goal . Arsenal went on to win 2-0 on their way to lifting the trophy . 3  Robert Pires/Thierry Henry : ARSENAL v Manchester City 2005 Arsenal were 1-0 ahead , courtesy of an earlier Pires penalty , when they were handed another opportunity from the spot and instead of simply taking the second penalty , Pires attempted to roll the ball to French team-mate Henry . However , he scuffed the pass and conceded a free-kick in the process , much to the disgust of his opponents who accused Pires of lacking respect . Certainly the oddest penalty the Premier League has ever seen . 4  Kanu : WEST BROMWICH ALBION v Middlesbrough 2004 With Albion trailing 2-1 , and the clock on 90 minutes , the Nigerian striker managed to lob the ball over the bar from just one yard out -- something his manager Bryan Robson said at the time was ` almost impossible ' . 5  Freddie Ljungberg : ARSENAL v Bolton 2005 Swedish midfielder Ljungberg had already given Arsenal the lead in this FA Cup quarterfinal but , with Bolton steaming forward for an equalizer , he then astonishingly scooped the ball over the crossbar from two yards out with the goal gaping . The miss mattered little as Arsenal went on to beat Manchester United in the final -- and have not won anything since . 6  Gordon Smith : BRIGHTON v Manchester United 1983 Smith will empathize with Iwelumo more than most . Smith is currently the chief executive of the Scottish Football Association , but during his playing career he was responsible for one of the most famous misses in FA Cup final history . With the score level at 2-2 in injury time , Smith was put clean through to give minnows Brighton the chance to make history . The commentator famous screamed : "  And Smith must score . . " He did n't ... and United won the replay 4-0 . 7  Gareth Southgate : ENGLAND v Germany 1996 This Euro '96 semifinal at Wembley had finished 1-1 and each side had scored their first five penalties . Defender Southgate , not a regular penalty taker was next in line and his weak effort was hit straight at German keeper Koepke . Andreas Moeller then converted for Germany , who went on to win the competition . 8  Cristiano Ronaldo : MANCHESTER UNITED v Sheffield United 2006 Just to show even the greatest fluff their lines . With Man United 2-1 ahead at Bramall Lane and cruising to the three points , a piece of Wayne Rooney magic on the right wing presented Ronaldo with an open goal just three yards out . However , the Portuguese wizard casually sliced his shot high over the bar . The visitors had the last laugh by winning the Premier League title , while the Blades ended up being relegated in very controversial circumstances . 9  Peter Van Vossen : RANGERS v Celtic 1996 So bad was this miss , that even now a howler in front of goal is known in Scotland as ` doing a Van Vossen ' . Rangers were 1-0 up at Parkhead when the Dutch striker , with the goal gaping and the keeper nowhere , contrived to shoot over the bar . Despite the howler , Rangers went on to claim their ninth Scottish title in a row at the end of the season . 10  Geoff Horsfield : BIRMINGHAM v Manchester City 2003 With Birmingham losing 1-0 going into injury time , Horsfield is played through , goes around goalkeeper Peter Schmeichel but then comically mis-kicks and falls over with the goal at his mercy . The defeat left Birmingham in deep relegation trouble although they managed to avoid the drop that season . Do n't agree with our list ? Have we missed one out ? Have you seen a more outrageous miss than these ? Leave a comment in the Sound Off box below . Read more about the sport at CNN 's Football Fanzone	We have compiled a list of 11 of the worst football misses Scotland 's Chris Iwelumo missed a goal-scoring opportunity this weekend The list includes Cristiano Ronaldo , Thierry Henry and Ryan Giggs After a bad miss , Peter Van Vossen 's name became code for failing to score
CNN  -- South Korea on Wednesday announced sanctions against Iran -- including government scrutiny of most financial transactions involving the country -- as part of global efforts to quash Tehran 's suspected nuclear program . A key Iranian bank also will face "  a heavy penalty , " said South Korean Foreign Ministry spokesman Kim Young-sun , according to state media . The Seoul branch of Iran 's Bank Mellat has allegedly facilitated hundreds of millions of dollars in transactions for Iranian nuclear , missile and defense agencies , the Yonhap news agency said . Korea also will expand a sanctions blacklist to limit the foreign-exchange transactions of more than 100 people and Iranian entities ; step up inspections of suspicious cargo to and from Iran ; put those blacklisted on a travel ban ; and limit investments in Iran 's gas and oil refinery industries . The blacklisted entities include Bank Mellat , the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and the Islamic Republic of Iran Shipping Lines , according to Yonhap . The United States , a key South Korean ally , has lobbied other nations to step up sanctions against Iran . The European Union , Canada and Japan are among those that have done so . Iran is continuing its uranium enrichment activities in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions , according to a report released Monday by the International Atomic Energy Agency . Iran has rebuffed international demands to halt its uranium enrichment program , saying it wants the nuclear fuel for peaceful uses . The IAEA is not convinced . In low concentrations , enriched uranium can be used to fuel civilian power plants , but in extremely high concentrations , it can be used to produce a nuclear bomb . "  Based on an overall analysis undertaken by the agency of all the information available to it , the agency remains concerned about the possible existence in Iran of past or current undisclosed nuclear-related activities involving military-related organizations , including activities related to the development of a nuclear payload for a missile , " the IAEA report said . Last month , the United States extended sanctions against Iran , saying it was targeting a number of Iranian businesses and groups accused of helping organizations such as Hezbollah , Hamas and the Taliban . In June , the United Nations imposed some of its toughest sanctions yet of Iran . The new sanctions include cargo inspections , new controls on Iranian banks , restrictions on the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps , a new U.N. panel of experts to help monitor and enforce sanctions , and asset freezes on 40 entities and individuals . Also in June , the U.S. Treasury Department announced sanctions targeting the country 's nuclear and missile programs , identifying more than 20 companies and several individuals allegedly involved with those programs .	Measures include scrutiny of financial transactions and cargo inspections The U.S. has lobbied other countries to boost sanctions against Iran Iran has dismissed suspicions that it is enriching uranium to build a nuclear bomb The country has defied U.N. Security Council resolutions , the IAEA says
CNN  -- A day after the United States imposed stiff economic sanctions on Syria , a European Union body proposed an embargo Friday on Syrian crude oil . In Syria , meanwhile , despite the intensified world pressure for President Bashar al-Assad to halt the violence and step down , his security forces continued their tough offensive against protesters . At least 29 deaths were reported from a defiant outpouring of mass demonstrations Friday . The European Union 's political security committee meeting in Brussels , Belgium , made the embargo proposal . "  We acted pretty quickly and have now got an oil embargo in the works , " said Michael Mann , spokesman for EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton . The proposal will be examined by a committee of experts and is expected to be adopted into law , Mann said . Technically , he said , it 's not a done deal , but the fact that 27 countries are asking for this step indicates that it will be adopted . The committee , made up of foreign policy experts for the agency 's 27 member states , also agreed to add 15 people and five companies to its sanctions list . Ashton said the designations will be "  finalized and published in the coming days . " Other proposals include stopping technical assistance to Syria from the European Investment Bank and imposing an asset freeze and travel ban on those benefiting from or supporting the regime 's policies . Those will be examined early next week , Ashton said . "  The European Union continues to aim at putting an end to the brutal repression and assisting the Syrian people to achieve their legitimate aspirations , " she said in a statement . Oil and gas make up about a quarter of Syria 's economy , according to the International Monetary Fund . Much of Syria 's oil sales go to European Union countries , analysts say . Unrest has engulfed Syria since mid-March as security forces wage a crackdown on peaceful protesters demanding political change . U.S. President Barack Obama , along with European leaders , called on Thursday for al-Assad to step down , a move that U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner said Friday was part of a "  steady ratcheting up of international pressure ... against what  al-Assad  is doing to his own people . " "  It 's quite startling , it 's horrible , and we 're trying to use both diplomatic pressure and economic pressure to get them to stop doing it , " Toner told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin , referring to the use of force against protesters . U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay also condemned the use of force . "  We are urging that these are unarmed protesters , and there 's been excessive force used against them , and this force must stop , " she said Friday . Pillay spoke a day after a U.N. fact-finding mission announced that it has found Syria guilty of multiple human rights violations and indicated that it may be time for the International Criminal Court to become involved . "  President Assad has since announced that he has withdrawn the military , and we are monitoring this situation , " Pillay said . Violence continued Friday despite al-Assad 's claim of an end . Demonstrations against the government have occurred for months every Friday after Muslim prayers . One opposition activist group , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , called the street presence on Friday "  one of the most important during the course of the protest movement " across the country . "  For weeks , the security forces and the military , through their operations , have prevented mass demonstrations . However , in a remarkable step and due to increasing international support for the protest movement and the subsequent morale boost , many protesters have managed to overcome the security and military barriers and begin taking the steps necessary to de-legitimize the government , " the group said . The Local Coordination Committees said 29 people were killed Friday when security forces fired on protesters in several locations . Many of the deaths occurred in the southern province of Daraa : eight in Ghabagheb , five in Herak , one in Inkhel and one in Nawa , said the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , an opposition activist group.Five deaths were reported in the western city of Homs , two in Harasta and Reheba , in the Damascus countryside , and one in Douma outside Damascus . Two children were among five people killed in the town of Ghabagheb by security forces , the observatory said . Troops wounded five demonstrators near the Omari mosque in Inkhel , in Daraa province , the observatory said . State TV said four security personnel were wounded in Inkhel when armed men opened fire and threw grenades at them from a house . Gunfire was used to disperse protesters in the Daraa province town of Tafas , the observatory said . An older man was hit by gunfire in the Daraa province city of Nawa when security forces were trying to disperse a demonstration . Demonstrators poured onto the streets of Homs and called for the toppling of the al-Assad regime . Gunfire was heard in several neighborhoods , the observatory said . Protesters also demonstrated in the capital , Damascus , it said . State TV said armed men opened fired on worshippers and peacekeeping forces and they were arrested . In the western city of Baniyas , protesters demonstrated despite a heavy security deployment , the observatory said . The observatory , which has contacts across the country , said pro-regime supporters attacked people leaving a mosque in the coastal city of Latakia , where a fierce government crackdown has taken place in recent days . Al-Ramel , an impoverished neighborhood with a Palestinian refugee camp , was one of the areas that bore the brunt of the government offensive in Latakia . An activist based outside Syria with a network in Latakia said security forces in al-Ramel and other areas targeted in the crackdown used loudspeakers to warn people under the age of 55 not to go to mosques . Others were to go to one mosque only . CNN is unable to independently confirm reports from Syria because the government has limited access to the country . Meanwhile , 6,000 of the 7,500 Palestinian refugees displaced by the violence in al-Ramel have been located . Many , particularly the children and women , "  are traumatized and in a poor condition " and are afraid to return to their homes . a U.N. official said . "  They are in pretty bad shape . Pretty scary for young children to be rushed out of their homes in that situation , " said Christopher Gunness , spokesman for the U.N. Relief and Works Agency . He said the agency has been assisting these people in Latakia , Homs , Yarmouk and Aleppo with cash grants for food , medicine and accommodations . The firing on the Palestinian camp was cited by Ashton and U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in their statements criticizing the al-Assad regime . "  Many people around the world were shocked by the images of unarmed refugees being shot at as they fled from their homes , amid the firing on their refugee camp , " Gunness said . "  The good news is that our incredibly courageous local UNRWA staff have established a temporary office in Latakia , outside the refugee camp , with the cooperation of the Syrian authorities in both Latakia and Damascus . " CNN 's Nada Husseini , Arwa Damon , Joe Sterling , Tracy Doueiry and Laura Maestro Perez contributed to this report .	"  This force must stop , " a U.N. human rights official says 29 deaths are reported as the Syrian offensive continues An EU panel also would stop European Investment Bank assistance to Syria The Obama administration and other nations want Bashar al-Assad to step down
CNN  -- The U.S. Marshals Service announced Friday the arrest of Felipe Alexander Torrealba , one of its 15 most wanted fugitives . The agency said he was captured Thursday at an apartment complex in Fort Myers , Florida . It did not say if he resisted when he was apprehended . Authorities recovered two handguns , about $ 15,000 in cash , a wig and a pair of binoculars inside the two-story townhouse where the 26-year-old was hiding , the agency said . Torrealba has eluded capture at least three times before , and was wanted for questioning in a homicide investigation . There were also arrest warrants for him in Texas and Florida for aggravated battery of a law enforcement officer , possession with intent to distribute cocaine , trafficking oxycodone , unlawful flight to avoid prosecution , aggravated assault with a firearm and resisting officers with violence , the agency said . "  Felipe Torrealba has been a violent career offender with a criminal history which dates back to 2000 , " Angel Gonzalez , deputy assistant director of the U.S. Marshals Investigative Operations Division , said in a statement . Torrealba , who is believed to be Venezuelan , was added to the Marshal Service 's 15 most wanted list in October . The agency had been offering a $ 25,000 reward for his capture .	Felipe Torrealba was among the U.S. Marshals Service 's 15 most wanted He had eluded capture at least three times before He was arrested Thursday in Fort Myers , Florida
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A week after AEG 's lawyer refused to concede for legal arguments that Michael Jackson is dead , he acknowledged the pop icon 's death in court . The stipulation -- an agreement between two parties in a case that something is a given fact -- could save time in a trial that is expected to last several months . Michael Jackson 's mother and children are suing AEG Live , contending the concert promoter is liable for the pop icon 's death because it negligently hired , retained and supervised Dr. Conrad Murray , the physician convicted of involuntary manslaughter in his death . While acknowledging Jackson died on June 25 , 2009 , AEG lawyer Marvin Putnam is still reluctant to stipulate what killed him and that Murray was the cause . Here 's the courtroom exchange between Jackson lawyer Brian Panish and Putnam Wednesday : Panish : "  I 'm asking for a stipulation that Michael Jackson died and the cause of death . Are you willing to stipulate that Michael Jackson died ? " Putnam : "  Absolutely . " Panish : "  Are you willing to stipulate that the cause of his death was Dr. Murray ? " Putnam : "  That you 've never asked before . Let me look at what that means . " Putnam refused to stipulate that Jackson was dead at a pretrial hearing last week , later explaining to CNN that he did not want to concede any elements that are needed to prove the case against AEG . AEG organized and hosted a massive public memorial service for Jackson at the Staples Center in Los Angeles 12 days after his death . Prosecutors said Jackson 's death was caused by a fatal combination of the surgical anesthetic propofol and sedatives Murray gave him in a desperate effort to treat his insomnia . Detective : Money woes may have led doctor to "  break the rules " Los Angeles Police Detective Orlando Martinez delivered testimony this week that Jackson lawyers believe boosted their argument that Murray 's negligent treatment that killed Jackson was spurred by his deep financial trouble -- something they contend AEG executives should have known . Martinez , who led the department 's probe of Jackson 's death , testified that he suspected Murray 's "  severely distressed " financial situation -- including having his home in foreclosure , delinquent taxes , student-loan liens and unpaid child support -- could have led him to give Jackson unsafe treatments . One contention in the lawsuit is that the concert promoter should have known that Murray 's financial stress could have been a problem for the doctor . After interviewing Murray two days after Jackson 's death , Martinez 's "  thinking at the moment was the crime was negligence , " he testified . Martinez , who will return to the stand for a third day of testimony Thursday , showed documents that said Murray 's Las Vegas home had lost $ 500,000 in value and was in foreclosure ; his Las Vegas medical clinic faced eviction for non-payment of rent ; he had a long list of loan defaults ; and his expenses outweighed his income by $ 2,700 a month . Murray , who initially asked AEG for $ 5 million to work for a year as Jackson 's personal physician , eventually agreed to take $ 150,000 a month . "  That 's a lot of money for anyone , " Martinez said . "  Seeing the scene and talking to him about what he had done and how he did it raised questions . " "  Focusing on the financial aspect may have been important for Dr. Murray 's willingness to disregard his Hippocratic Oath for financial gain , " he testified . What he learned about Murray 's financial troubles led him "  to opine that he may have , for this easy money -- the $ 150,000 a month -- may break the rules , bend the rules , to do whatever he needed to do to get paid . " Dr. Christopher Rogers , the deputy medical examiner who conducted the autopsy on Jackson , will be called to testify after that questioning of Martinez concludes Thursday . No court is scheduled for Friday .	AEG 's lawyer refused to stipulate Michael Jackson is dead at a hearing last week "  Absolutely , " he says when asked again Wednesday if he 'd agree Jackson is dead Detective : Money woes may have led Dr. Conrad Murray to "  break the rules " Murray 's clinic was being evicted , home in foreclosure when hired as Jackson 's doctor
BRASILIA , Brazil  CNN  -- A doctor excommunicated by the Catholic Church for performing an abortion on a 9-year-old rape victim received a standing ovation during a national convention on women 's health , according to a local media report . Archbishop Don Jose Cardoso Sobrinho excommunicated the doctors who performed the child 's abortion . The response came during the opening ceremony of an event hosted by Brazilian Minister of Health Jose Gomes Temporao . The newspaper O Povo reported that Temporao called on the audience to acknowledge the "  brilliant " work done by a medical team in the abortion , performed in Brazil 's northeastern city of Recife . The girl was pregnant with twins after being raped , allegedly by her stepfather , police were quoted in media reports as saying . The abuse had gone on since the girl was 6 , authorities said . The abortion was performed March 4 during the fourth month of pregnancy , according to media reports Archbishop Don Jose Cardoso Sobrinho of Recife excommunicated the doctor , the child 's mother and the medical team involved in the procedure . However , the stepfather was not excommunicated , with Sobrinho telling Globo TV that , "  A graver act than  rape  is abortion , to eliminate an innocent life . " The child was not excommunicated , Sobrinho said , because Catholic Church law says minors are exempt from excommunication . "  The church is benevolent when it comes to minors , " he told Globo TV . "  As for the adults , especially those who approved it , performed this abortion , the excommunication is applicable . " "  God 's law is above human laws , " Sobrinho said . The case has outraged the Brazilian public and fueled a controversy reaching the highest levels of church and state in a nation whose law bans abortion except in cases of rape . Temporao recently said doctors must put law before religion . "  The question posed is very simple . There is a Brazilian law which states that a pregnancy can be interrupted in case of rape , " Temporao said . "  It is legitimate for the church to have its dogmas , but these dogmas must not be imposed on society as a whole , " he added . Earlier , a verbal spat ensued between President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and the archbishop over the church 's decision . "  As a Christian and a Catholic , I find it deeply lamentable that a bishop of the Catholic Church has such a conservative attitude , " Lula said on Globo TV . "  In this case , the medical profession was more right than the church , " he said . Meanwhile , a Vatican cleric told Italy 's La Stampa newspaper that he supports the Brazilian archbishop 's decision to excommunicate all involved in the abortion except for the child . Dr. Olimpio Moraes , one of the doctors involved in the procedure , said he thanked the archbishop for his excommunication because the controversy sheds light on Brazil 's restrictive abortion laws . He said women in Brazil 's countryside are victimized by Brazil 's ban on abortion . Some of the doctors vowed to continue attending church services , despite being expelled . "  The fact that I was excommunicated will not keep me from going to Mass , praying , conversing with God , and asking him to illuminate me and my colleagues in our medical team to help us take care of people in similar cases , " one doctor said . TV Globo reported that the child , who is from a town outside Recife , has stayed in the city to recover and to escape media coverage . Her current condition is not known . A new report by Brazil 's IPAS , a non-governmental organization that works with the health ministry , indicates that more than 1 million women undergo illegal abortions in Brazil each year . About 250,000 are treated by doctors for traumas due to botched abortions , said Beatriz Jalli , an IPAS official . Studies at a Brazilian hospital dedicated to treating female victims of violence , the Perola Byington in Sao Paulo , indicated that more than 40 percent of the cases involved children . "  This is why the Recife case is so important for women in Brazil , " Jalli said . Jalli said the liberated "  Girl from Ipanema " image that many foreigners have of Brazilian women is far from reality . "  We live in a male chauvinistic , patriarchal society with a very high rate of sexual crimes against women and minors , " she said . "  Our reproductive rights are constantly criminalized . " CNN 's Helena de Moura contributed to this report .	Report : Doctor who performed abortion on child rape victim praised at event Brazilian law bans abortion except in cases of rape Catholic Church excommunicated doctor , along with child 's mother , medical team Archbishop says child was not excommunicated
CNN  They say it is the sport of kings , and a king 's ransom has been paid for a single horse at auction house Tattersalls . On Tuesday , Sheikh Fahad Al Thani from the Royal Family of Qatar shelled out 4.5 million guineas  $ 7.3 m  for Irish 1,000 Guineas winner Just the Judge , making her the highest-priced filly in training in British auction history . On what was the second day of Tattersalls ' December sale , nearly $ 50m exchanged hands in a litany of purchases . Somewhat bizarrely , Sheikh Fahad already had part ownership of the filly , but was buying out the Sangsters -- a family with a rich history in racehorse ownership and breeding -- in partnership with new co-owners the China Horse Club . It was the first time a Classic-winning filly had been up for sale at Tattersalls for more than two decades . The bidding war at the notorious auction house in Newmarket , England , had opened at 500,000 guineas , before Sheik Fahad battled it out successfully with James Delahooke and Barry Weisbord . However , the monstrous price tag fell just shy of the 5m guineas  $ 8.2 m  paid last year by Sheikh Joaan Al Thani -- also from Qatar -- for an unraced , untrained and untested filly bred from Galileo . The purchase means Just the Judge will remain in Qatar Racing silks next season and continue her partnership with trainer Charlie Hills . Bloodstock agent David Redvers , who acts on behalf of Sheikh Fahad , told Tattersalls : "  This is a new one-off tie-up with the China Horse Club . "  This has allowed us to race another year with her and keep her . As she was our first Classic winner , we were not going to give her up easily . "  We will campaign in the best races , get the best possible opportunities , and then she will retire to Tweenhills and visit the best stallions in the world . "	Sheikh Fahad Al Thani buys Just the Judge for 4.5 million guineas The purchase is a British auction record for a filly in training Sheikh Fahad enters into a new co-ownership with the China Horse Club
CNN  -- China plans to make "  every effort to rescue " a merchant ship and crew hijacked in the Indian Ocean , the country 's state news agency reported on Tuesday . The Chinese-owned bulk carrier De Xin Hai was hijacked on October 19 with 25 crew members on board . Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu , speaking to reporters , said the government was monitoring developments and has developed an emergency response procedure , the news agency Xinhua reported . Monday 's hijacking is the first of a Chinese ship this year , according to the International Chamber of Commerce 's International Maritime Bureau . Ma said the ministry warned ships and citizens to avoid traveling along waters where the incident occurred , an area not far from the Somalia coast where pirates have seized many vessels . See a live map of hijackings in 2009 "  We will watch closely developments in the incident and make every effort to rescue the hijacked crew and carrier , " Ma said . There are 25 crew members aboard and they are all Chinese nationals . A European Union official Monday incorrectly said the total of crew members was 146 . The bulk carrier De Xin Hai was hijacked Monday about 550 nautical miles northeast of the Seychelles and 700 nautical miles off Somalia 's eastern coast . The European Union Naval Force said Tuesday the ship was 650 nautical miles off the coast of Somalia and appears to be headed toward there . See where the ship was hijacked " John Harbour , a commander with the British Royal Navy who serves with the EU Naval Force , said the UK Maritime Trade Organization in Bahrain called the ship but received no response . An EU force aircraft is monitoring the ship and reported seeing four pirates on deck . The De Xin Hai is owned by the Chinese Ocean Shipping Company and was carrying coal from South Africa to India , Harbour said . Xinhua reported that the total capacity of the ship is 40,892 tons , and that the vessel is 225 meters  246 yards  long . It said that the last time the ship sent a communication was at 4:35 a.m. EDT Monday  4:35 p.m. Beijing time  . The ship was dragging two skiffs behind it , much like the kind of skiffs that pirates have been known to use to hijack ships in the waters off Somalia . So far in 2009 , 14 ships have been hijacked in the ocean off Somalia 's coast , and 33 have been hijacked in the Gulf of Aden , the body of water that lies between Yemen and Somalia , the International Maritime Bureau said . Most of Somalia 's coastline is on the Indian Ocean . At present , the bureau knows of four ships that are being held . CNN 's Olivia Sterns contributed to this report .	China monitoring developments , planning next move after ship hijacking Bulk carrier De Xin Hai hijacked 550 nautical miles northeast of Seychelles There are 25 crew members on board the ship , are all Chinese nationals EU force aircraft monitoring the ship reported seeing four pirates on deck
CNN  -- It has been 20 years since best-selling crime writer Patricia Cornwell began work on her first novel in the series chronicling the cases of forensic analyst Dr. Kay Scarpetta . Now , both have found celebrity . Cornwell 's latest novel , "  The Scarpetta Factor , " places her enduring heroine in a role the author knows all too well , a pop culture celebrity sought-after for her expertise . In an interview with CNN.com , Cornwell discussed the challenges of staying fresh , the need for happy endings and the merits of the History Channel and the movie "  White Chicks . " CNN : The title of your new book , "  The Scarpetta Factor , " has many meanings . Can you tell me about some of them ? Cornwell : On the one hand , it 's a very direct reference to the fact she 's the chief forensic analyst for CNN in this book . But while she 's doing the on-air spots , they decide they want her to have her own show and that 's what they call it , "  The Scarpetta Factor , " which is a reference to a cliché that 's beginning to float around , that there 's one element that she can add that will solve the case like she 's Sherlock Holmes . This becomes very upsetting to her , first of all , because it 's a cliché and the scientist in her does n't think she has a special factor , she 's a scientist . It begins to pose problems for her because even some colleagues and friends start to wonder if she 's begun to believe her own legend and make mistakes . With her years of experience and high level of visibility and exceptional grasp of the criminal world , she would be asked to be on major shows . When someone like Michael Jackson dies or Caylee Anthony disappears , that 's the obvious thing that would happen . People would say , I wonder what Scarpetta has to say . I 'm trying to put her in the world we live in . CNN : Why did you choose CNN ? Cornwell : It would make perfect sense that she would sit on the set with Anderson Cooper or Wolf Blizter and be asked relevant questions from a hard news angle . It 's one -LSB- network -RSB- she would go on and there 's lots she would n't go on . CNN : How have things changed since you published your first novel ? Cornwell : When I was shopping my first book around , it was rejected by the major publishing houses and that was because a lot of people did n't think morgues and labs were interesting , and that 's a huge statement about how things have changed . I remember one time , I called my literary agent at that time , and I said I was in a toxicology lab , and she said , I hate talking to you because you 're always in these awful places . Forensic science was not viewed as cool , as it is today . CNN : Are there any on-air personalities we might recognize in "  The Scarpetta Factor ? " Cornwell : When she is up at CNN for a scene when she 's on a fictitious show , she walks past posters of Nancy Grace and Lou Dobbs and Wolf Blitzer because she 's up on that floor , so I do make real references to people , but the characters , the producers , none are real and they 're not based on anybody I met or know . CNN : How much of yourself do you see in Kay Scarpetta ? Over the years , have you grown into her or has she grown into you ? Cornwell : Only insofar as we have the same values and sensibilities and perhaps the same approach to solving cases . I 'm imposing the way my mind works in terms of connecting the dots , but beyond that , there are huge differences between us . She 's a standalone character . I would feel very self-conscious and bored if she was a projection of me . I have certain things in common with all my characters . Like Marino , I can be a slob and sometimes say stupid things and rush to judgment . CNN : You 're known for doing a lot of research on the ground to give your stories depth and realism . Where did your research for "  The Scarpetta Factor " take you ? Cornwell : I 've certainly been in the CNN studios so that 's helpful . When I was there over in the last year , I made a mental note of everything I saw while walking around so I could create the studio in the novel . I also spent lot of time with the NYPD , their bomb squad , their emergency unit , the Real Time Crime Center , so I could describe the amazing way computers are used to transmit data to police responding to a call . I spent time at the NYPD crime lab , the New York Medical Examiner 's office , so I can show Scarpetta actually working there . The scene in the elevator in the beginning and the way people ID loved ones is based on what happens . Even the technology of the electronic nose , the mechanical sniffer that takes the place of cadaver dogs , is based on things I 've seen . My research also included looking into the methods and means criminals are using , like TracFones , spoofcards and the different ways to disguise IP addresses . CNN : How has the CSI factor affected your research for your books ? Cornwell : I think people are so inundated with this sort of detail that I do n't want to make the story just about forensics . The people and their relationships are the heart of my books , the forensics are something they wear like an old pair of shoes . I 'll always show you the latest and greatest forensic science and technology , but I ca n't show it all , so it 's very important that I make things interesting in different ways . In the early to mid - '90s , up to the late '90s when I was coming out with new books , I was the only show in town and all of the sudden now they 're everywhere , and I do n't have any problem with that because I do n't own forensics or forensic pathology . CNN : In your opinion , what has been the greatest change in forensic science since Scarpetta started out ? Cornwell : DNA has changed our lives forever , just like the Internet has changed our lives , there 's no going back to pre-DNA or pre-Internet . I would say both of those . The Internet has dramatically changed everything because it 's creating a whole new wave of crimes that our laws and the courts do n't know how to deal with . DNA analysis and the ultra-sensitivity of it : When you 're dealing with some types of DNA , you only need three or four human cells to get a DNA profile , which is something that ca n't even see with the naked eye , so that helps investigators but it also creates a whole other set of problems . They 're saying there will be a point when you can get DNA just from someone walking in the room , and you can see the problems if you have 20 people walk into a room and only one did something bad . Defense lawyers are going to have a field day with that . CNN : What do you want people to take away from this novel ? I 'd like them to take away an idea of how someone like Scarpetta deals with being in the same world you and I wake up to . Now she has a BlackBerry and she has to deal with it , which poses as many problems as it offers benefits . I want people to feel happy ending the book . We need to feel good right now , there 's a lot to feel bad about and that 's something I decided with the last book , I did n't want people to be depressed when they finished it . I used to write very dark books but we lived in happier times . Now , the goal is to scare you , lead you into suspense but when you finish , I want you to feel happy . CNN : What current cases in the news fascinate you ? How much attention do you pay to crime and justice news ? Cornwell : I 'm fascinated by the Michael Jackson situation and the people who disappear and get abducted , all of it fascinates me in terms of the psychology involved and what science might tell us . I 'm always frustrated because I love to know what 's behind the scenes . I 've been following Michael Jackson because it seems so unnecessary , an example of people who should 've said no and not taken it upon themselves to solve a problem . I 've also been interested in the case in Italy with the American on trial for murder . That is intriguing from a forensic standpoint because I think all of us would like to know more about the evidence and what 's there to piece together that could tell us what happened . I 'm afraid that because of how much time has passed and how the case was handled that a lot of the answers are gone and the kind of evidence that was collected could have been handled differently , CNN : What do you like to watch ? Cornwell : I do n't watch crime dramas . I do n't want to subconsciously get ideas from their shows . I try to keep my mind blank , and keep the influence of my own research , so I do n't tend to watch crime dramas or crime movies . I rarely read crime novels because my work is so steeped in nonfiction , so I try to keep my mind free of those ideas . What I watch is the nonfiction , documentary type things , shows that depict real crimes that happened . I like the History Channel and I will watch reruns of "  The Sopranos " until I 'm 90 years old . I like comedy , stuff that 's mindless . I do n't watch stuff that scares me or makes me sad . There 's enough of that in real life . CNN : What 's the last movie you saw ? Cornwell : The last movie I saw was a rerun of "  White Chicks . " How 's that to people who think I have this very esoteric repertoire ? I think it 's a hilarious movie . ... Will Ferrell , I love his stuff , Ben Stiller , I really enjoy comedy , especially stuff that 's kind of warmhearted in its own way . I do n't like stuff that 's really scary . I 've seen so much stuff that 's real . Blood is always real to me . If they ever make a real movie of Scarpetta , I may not be able to watch it .	Author Patricia Cornwell talks about Kay Scarpetta , fame and forensics In latest book , Scarpetta is CNN 's chief forensic analyst Cornwell says she works hard to keep up with scientific advances She says she does n't watch crime shows or scary movies
CNN  -- The Manhattan nightclub where singer Chris Brown and rapper Drake allegedly clashed has lost its liquor license because of violations cited by the New York State Liquor Authority . Brown and several others were cut by flying bottles and fists in a melee at the W.i.P. nightclub in the early morning hours of June 15 , according to Brown 's representative . "  The SLA will not tolerate violent bars that break the law , " State Liquor Authority Chairman Dennis Rosen said . "  This should serve as a message that this agency will not hesitate to take immediate action when licensees pose a threat to public health and safety . " The liquor authority voted Tuesday to impose an emergency suspension on liquor sales and consumption at the club because of "  a string of violent incidents , " including a "  large brawl " when Brown and Drake were there , agency spokesman William Crowley said in a written statement . The club faces charges on 17 alcohol license violations involving drug activity inside the club , lack of supervision , becoming a drain on police resources , and using the name "  W.i.P. " without the authorization of the liquor authority , the agency said . In total , the club was charged with 17 Alcoholic Beverage Control Law violations . The club owner can request a hearing before an administrative law judge to get the liquor license back . San Antonio Spurs guard Tony Parker is suing the club for $ 20 million because of an eye injury he claims he suffered during the June 15 fight . Parker claims he suffered "  a corneal laceration of the left eye and other injuries " and those injuries left him "  unable to attend to his usual duties and vocation , " according to the lawsuit . The suit cites media reports in alleging "  an altercation " between Brown and Drake , though Drake 's representative has maintained that the rapper was n't involved "  in any wrongdoing of any kind " that evening at W.i.P. Brown , who suffered a cut to his chin at the nightclub , has asserted he is a victim and is cooperating with New York authorities , his representative said . Parker was "  sitting at a separate table , apart from Drake and Brown , " the suit said . "  As a result of the altercation at the club that night ,  Parker  was caused to suffer severe personal injuries . " The suit alleges that the owners and operators of the nightclub were "  negligent in permitting Drake 's entourage and Brown 's entourage to be in the club at the same time despite known tension between the two " and contends the owners failed to provide "  sufficient and efficient security . " Brown representative Jeff Raymond said a "  brutal attack " injured Brown , his girlfriend , model Karrueche Tran , and his bodyguard . Brown and others in his group have been interviewed by New York police , Brown 's spokesman said last week . A New York Police spokesman also confirmed last week the department was investigating the incident . Brown was partying with friends in the VIP section of the South Village club while the rapper Drake and his friends were nearby , according to statements from the artists ' representatives . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	The liquor authority "  will not tolerate violent bars that break the law , " the chairman says Chris Brown and others were cut by flying bottles and fists melee at the W.i.P. nightclub Brown and rapper Drake were at the club when a brawl began in the early morning of June 15 NBA player Tony Parker is suing the club for injuries suffered there
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- White House hopeful Hillary Clinton has raked in several high profile endorsements as she campaigns for president , but the latest may not be greeted with open arms . Former "  Hollywood Madam " Heidi Lynne Fleiss Heidi Lynne Fleiss , the former "  Hollywood Madam " who was convicted on charges connected to a prostitution ring in 1995 , is a big supporter of the New York Democrat 's White House bid , the Las Vegas Review-Journal reports . "  I 'm a big fan of Hillary 's . Any woman who 's smart , how can you not be ? " Fleiss told the paper . "  Even if you 're a Republican , if you 're a woman and you 're smart , you have to respect her . " Fleiss currently resides in Nevada -- now a early primary state -- and runs a laundromat , called "  Dirty Laundry . " The paper reports Fleiss actually tried to attend a Clinton campaign rally in Pahrump , Nevada , last week , but was turned away because the building was filled to capacity . According to Las Vegas ' KLAS , Fleiss is trying to make it to the White House herself or at least a replica of it . She 's currently seeking to open a brothel in Nevada that is an exact recreation of the first family 's home . Fleiss is n't the first former madam to express support for Clinton 's White House Bid . Deborah Jeanne Palfrey , also known as the "  D.C. Madam , " said last May she 's pulling for Clinton . And , famed porn star Jenna Jameson has also said she is supporting the New York senator . The Clinton campaign did not respond to a request for comment . E-mail to a friend	Heidi Lynne Fleiss , the former "  Hollywood Madam , " backs Sen. Hillary Clinton Fleiss convicted of charges related to an alleged prostitution ring in 1995 Fleiss on Clinton : "  If you 're a woman and you 're smart , you have to respect her . "
CNN  During the three years that I was serving as a member of Tunisia 's Constituent Assembly , I would frequently walk to work through the gate of the Bardo Museum so I could get a glimpse of the mosaics , and perhaps enjoy the adjoining herb garden . The museum , in downtown Tunis , serves not only as a physical reminder of Tunisia 's Roman , Jewish , Christian and Islamic heritage , but is also connected to the Tunisian parliament . I used to love these peaceful moments on the way to work . Sadly , they will likely never feel quite the same again . On Wednesday , that kind of mood was shattered as the museum came under siege . More than two dozen people were killed as gunmen armed with Kalashnikovs opened fire , sending men , women and children scrambling through the Lion Gate to escape . The members of parliament who were evacuated were , ironically , discussing an anti-terror bill in a committee . Two of the attackers -- who were killed during the assault -- have been identified , and the security minister on Friday indicated the pair had been activated from a sleeper cell , although at the time of writing authorities had yet to announce a link to a specific jihadist group . However , the attack followed the release of videos purportedly from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria threatening Tunisia . Meanwhile , individuals associated with the banned Tunisian organization Ansar Al-Sharia declared allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . All this has left some wondering if the museum attack marks a shift in strategy for ISIS . Have Salafist terrorists moved beyond their usual guerrilla-style operations to suicidal attacks outside Iraq and Syria ? If they have , then our political leaders -- who have already been vocal about their commitment to combating terrorism , and have been collaborating with Turkey to prevent Tunisians entering Syria -- will need to redouble their efforts . The threat posed by terrorism to Tunisian citizens and our guests ca n't be downplayed , much less ignored . However , the reality is that a comprehensive strategy is still wanting , a point made in a recent report published by the Tunisian Institute for Strategic Studies , Tunisia 's foremost think tank on political , economic and environmental matters . Indeed , the institute , which has tracked the upsurge in Salafi jihadi recruitment in Tunisia based on fieldwork and interviews with Tunisian jihadists , has documented how the phenomenon has largely unfolded outside the media 's view . So , how should we respond ? Some MPs have demanded the immediate passage of a new anti-terror law , and have been dismissive of the need to focus on human rights at a time of crisis . However , Wednesday 's attack does n't change the fact that we already have an anti-terror law that applies ; simply passing a new version of a law will not stop a repeat . Instead , Tunisians should build on the stable institutions we have in place to implement some of the key ideas contained in the institute 's report . For example , rather than rely exclusively on the Tunisian security apparatus for short-term gain , we need to better engage the Tunisian public in our common struggle against Salafi terrorists . Part of this means beating the terrorists at the recruitment game . Tunisians yearn for a sense that the state recognizes their humanity , dignity and value as individuals , not just as potential voters and taxpayers . With this in mind , it is clear that the Tunisian state has done a poor job of "  recruiting " its citizens into the fold , which has left space for terrorists to make a pitch for young Tunisians who feel alienated and who have lost hope . Of course , a robust police response is required to contain Salafi jihadism . But this must be matched by an equivalent civil response to uproot the problem . That is why as law enforcement fans out across the country to investigate and protect , I hope also to see educators and trained social workers traveling to rural and impoverished areas of Tunisia to demonstrate that the state has recovered the kind of humanity that was lost during decades of police-state , authoritarian stagnation . Wednesday 's attack was tragic . But to move forward , we must not be tempted to fall back on our past .	At least 23 people were killed in an attack on Bardo Museum in Tunis Mabrouka M'Barek : Tunisia has failed to "  recruit " its citizens into society
New York  CNN  -- Plans to build a mosque two blocks away from ground zero have set off an emotional debate among area residents and relatives of victims of the September 11 , 2001 terror attacks . Cordoba House project calls for a 15-story community center including a mosque , performance art center , gym , swimming pool and other public spaces . The project is a collaboration between the American Society for Muslim Advancement and the Cordoba Initiative , both of which work to improve relations with followers of the religion . The two groups presented their vision to part of the Community Board of lower Manhattan on Wednesday night . Ro Sheffe , a board member who attended the meeting , said the project did not need to get the board 's approval . "  They own the land , and their plans do n't have any zoning changes , " Sheffe said . "  They came to us for our opinions and to let us know their plans . It was purely voluntary on their part . " The 12 members who were at the meeting voted unanimously to support the project . Community board members are appointed by the borough president and serve as advisers to the borough president and the mayor 's office . Daisy Khan , executive director of the Muslim society , described her vision of a center led by Muslims , but serving the community as a whole . "  It will have a real community feel , to celebrate the pluralism in the United States , as well as in the Islamic religion , " Khan said . "  It will also serve as a major platform for amplifying the silent voice of the majority of Muslims who have nothing to do with extremist ideologies . It will counter the extremist momentum . " The need for the center is twofold , Khan said , because it will support the needs of the growing Muslim community . "  The time for a center like this has come because Islam is an American religion , " Khan said . "  We need to take the 9/11 tragedy and turn it into something very positive . " Sheffe said a community center for lower Manhattan residents is "  desperately needed . " The area was mostly commercial , Sheffe said , but as more people move downtown , the lack of residential amenities is a problem . The project got mixed reviews from families and friends of September 11 victims . "  I think it 's the right thing to do , " said Marvin Bethea , who was a paramedic at ground zero . "  I lost 16 friends down there . But Muslims also got killed on 9/11 . It would be a good sign of faith that we 're not condemning all Muslims and that the Muslims who did this happened to be extremists . As a black man , I know what it 's like to be discriminated against when you have n't done anything . " Herbert Ouida , whose son was killed in the attacks , supports the project as a way to bridge cultural divide . "  I understand the anger , the bitterness and hatred , but it only generates more hatred , " Ouida said . "  Such a large part of the world has this faith , and to say anyone who has this faith is a terrorist , it 's terrible . " Others decried the idea of building a mosque so close to where their relatives died . "  Lower Manhattan should be made into a shrine for the people who died there , " said Michael Valentin , a retired city detective who worked at ground zero . "  It breaks my heart for the families who have to put up with this . I understand they 're -LSB- building -RSB- it in a respectful way , but it just should n't be down there . " Others such as Barry Zelman said the site 's location will be a painful reminder . " -LSB- The 9/11 terrorists -RSB- did this in the name of Islam , " Zelman said . "  It 's a sacred ground where these people died , where my brother was murdered , and to be in the shadows of that religion , it 's just hypocritical and sacrilegious . " However , Khan emphasized that the attacks killed Muslims , too . "  Three hundred of the victims were Muslim , that 's 10 percent of the victims , " she said . "  We are Americans too . The 9/11 tragedy hurt everybody including the Muslim community . We are all in this together and together we have to fight against extremism and terrorism . " Cordoba House is still in its early stages of development . The American Society for Muslim Advancement is hoping to raise funds for the center to be completed in three to five years .	Project includes 15-story community center , a mosque , performance art center Community Board of lower Manhattan voted unanimously to support the project Project gets mixed reviews from families and friends of 9/11 victims After funds raised , center to be completed in three to five years
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A top executive at AEG Live 's parent company asked days before Michael Jackson 's death if the singer was having big problems -- enough to warrant a straitjacket , according to testimony from Jackson 's wrongful death trial . CNN obtained the video testimony played for jurors this week at the trial , which is in its seventh week in Los Angeles . "  Trouble with MJ . Big trouble , " AEG CEO Tim Leiweke wrote to AEG Chief Financial Officer Dan Beckerman on the night of June 20 , 2009 . "  He is having a mental breakdown . " Beckerman , who became AEG 's CEO after Leiweke left this year , replied : "  I figured something might be wrong given how jittery Randy has been this week . Is it ` pre-show nerves ' bad or ` get a straight jacket/call our insurance carrier ' bad ? " The reply was referring to AEG Live CEO Randy Phillips . On June 25 , Jackson died from what a coroner ruled was an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol administered by Dr. Conrad Murray . Two weeks after that , Jackson 's "  This Is It " comeback tour , produced and promoted by AEG Live , had been set to launch in London . Jackson 's mother and three children are suing AEG Live , the concert promotion branch of AEG , arguing the company is liable for his death because it negligently hired , retained or supervised Murray . They say executives pressured Jackson to attend rehearsals despite his deteriorating health and ignored red flags that should have warned them about the dangers posed by Murray . AEG Live lawyers say that it was Jackson who chose and controlled Murray and that company executives had no way of knowing he was giving Jackson nightly infusions of propofol to treat his insomnia . The Leiweke-Beckerman e-mail exchange followed an "  intervention " that Phillips held at Jackson 's home to find out what was wrong with the singer , according to testimony . Leiweke forwarded to Beckerman an e-mail chain between Phillips , show director Kenny Ortega and others involved in the production . Production manager John "  Bugzee " Houghdahl started the exchange about Jackson , which he titled "  trouble at the Front . " "  I have watched him deteriorate in front of my eyes over the last 8 weeks . He was able to do multiple 360 spins back in April . He 'd fall on his ass if he tried now , " Houghdahl wrote about Jackson . AEG 's lawyer showed jurors a clip Thursday of Jackson performing several 360-degree spins while rehearsing his song "  Billie Jean . " It was not clear what day it was recorded . Ortega had sent Jackson home from a rehearsal the night of June 19 , 2009 because of his strange behavior . "  He was a basket case and Kenny was concerned he would embarrass himself on stage , or worse yet -- get hurt , " Houghdahl wrote . "  The company is rehearsing right now , but the DOUBT is pervasive . " Jackson lawyer Kevin Boyle asked Leiweke during his deposition why he wrote to Beckerman that there was "  big trouble " with Michael Jackson . "  We were aware that he had missed several rehearsals , " Leiweke said . He said he could n't remember if he was referring to Jackson or Phillips when he wrote to Beckerman that "  He is having a mental breakdown . " In a video of his deposition played for jurors , Beckerman said : "  I was just trying to understand : Is it stage fright and the show will go on , or is it , ' I ca n't go through this ; I 'm not going to step on stage ' ? " Jackson stepped on stage just two more times in his life after that day . His rehearsals at the Staples Center on June 23 and 24 were filmed and became the basis for the "  This Is It " documentary of his last months .	"  He is having a mental breakdown , " AEG Live CEO Tim Leiweke wrote CFO : "  Is it ` pre-show nerves ' bad or ` get a straight jacket/call our insurance carrier ' bad ? " At his deposition , Leiweke said he did n't know if "  breakdown " referred to Jackson Jackson 's mother and children are suing the concert promoter for liability in his death
CNN  -- The deficit and debt are major concerns for swing voters -- and President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney have very different visions of how to deal with it . That 's why it was significant to see 80 CEOs of major American companies sign a letter this past week committing to press for a balanced bipartisan plan to reduce the deficit and debt no matter which candidate is elected president on November 6 . The words "  balanced " and "  bipartisan " are key here -- because the CEOs understand that this problem is too big to be solved by tax hikes or spending cuts alone . We ca n't simply tax or cut our way out of this problem . Instead , the CEOs backed the outlines of the Bowles-Simpson commission , which attracted bipartisan support with its plan to cut spending , rein in entitlements and increase tax revenue through lower rates while closing loopholes and deductions . Their vision is also consistent with the plan proposed by the Gang of Six senators who came up with their own formula along the same broad outlines -- cut spending , bending the entitlement cost curve and raise tax revenue . Conservative and liberal senators running the ideological spectrum from Tom Coburn to Dick Durbin have managed to agree on this outline , buoyed by the heroic efforts of centrists like Mark Warner and Lamar Alexander , in addition to the bipartisan duo of Bowles and Simpson themselves . These individuals worked with the nonpartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget and their Fix the Debt project to corral the CEOs ' support . The CEOs in question include prominent Romney donors like AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson and Aetna CEO Mark Bertolini , whose company gave a $ 4 million donation to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce 's conservative 501-C6 organization , which has already put more than $ 15 million into this election . What 's surprising is that the CEOs ' commitment to a balanced bipartisan plan puts them much closer to Obama 's deficit reduction plan than to Mitt Romney 's . That 's because it also dovetails with the outlines of the Grand Bargain negotiated by Obama and House Speaker John Boehner in the summer of 2011 , only to have negotiations fall apart . Mitt Romney has repeatedly and specifically said that he will not consider any plan that raises any increased tax revenue to pay down the deficit and the debt . During the Republican primaries , he famously joined with his competitors in raising his hand to say that he would reject even a 10-to-1 deal splitting spending cuts with tax revenue increases . The Bowles-Simpson plan was based on an even less generous 3-to-1 split  though of course , still weighted decidedly in favor of spending cuts  . This is not an academic difference . It goes to the heart of what kind of deficit reduction can be realistically achieved as a matter of both politics and math . A plan that does not include any new revenues is not practical in terms of achieving the larger goal . "  When you talk about a $ 16 trillion debt , I do n't see how you can avoid addressing both sides " -- both spending cuts and revenue increases -- said AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson , sensibly . An imbalanced and ideologically pure solution without any revenue increases would be DOA with Democrats in the Senate . We all know the special-interest stumbling blocks -- liberal activists do n't want to see entitlement reforms . They bitterly attacked Bowles-Simpson as "  the cat food commission . " Conservative activists and special interests refuse to consider any new tax revenue . But the truth is that we need both to find a sustainable solution to our deficit and debt problem . To pretend otherwise is a hyper-partisan fantasy . Romney 's vice presidential nominee , Paul Ryan , is regarded as a serious deficit hawk , and he at least had the courage to put numbers to a budget plan he put forward in Congress . But his plan does not include any new tax revenue or cuts in defense spending -- which is why it does not balance the budget for three decades . And when Paul Ryan served on the Bowles-Simpson Commission , he shamefully refused to support its recommendations , along with his fellow Republican congressmen Dave Camp and Jeb Hensarling . Hensarling later went on to co-helm the failed super committee , which led to the $ 1.2 trillion in blunt sequestration cuts that now loom as part of the year-end "  fiscal cliff . " And while we 're analyzing deficit reduction plans , in addition to a 20 % across the board additional tax cut , the Romney budget also calls for increasing military spending to 4 % of GDP , translating to an additional $ 2 trillion in federal spending over 10 years , which would erase all the stated cuts he has so far put forward on his campaign website . This aspect of Romney 's plan is so politically driven and math-illiterate that Paul Ryan does n't even like to acknowledge it on the campaign trail . Moreover , it 's worth remembering that the politically convenient model of huge tax cuts and higher spending pursued by President George W. Bush and embraced by Republicans during his administration , turned Clinton-era surpluses into deficits . There 's no question that Obama deserves a lot of criticism for not backing the Bowles-Simpson plan . His proposals have not been submitted as specific legislation and he failed to lead on entitlement reform , despite saying he knows it needs to be done . Congress has not passed a budget under his watch . Moreover , his attempts to boost the economy during the Great Recession with the stimulus package contributed to the growth of deficits and debt under his watch . That 's why Romney clearly leads in the polls on this issue . But compared to European countries that opted for more severe austerity measures , America 's economy is looking pretty good these days , featuring comparative stability , growth and reduced unemployment , no matter how slow . Bottom line , the CEOs ' responsible call for a balanced bipartisan plan to reduce the U.S. deficit and the debt does not remotely look like what Romney has proposed to do as president . It does look a lot like the plans put forward by the Bowles-Simpson Commission , the Gang of Six , and outlines of the Grand Bargain , which Obama has said he would put forward again . It may sound counterintuitive , but according to the outlines established by the CEOs , Obama 's reelection would actually be better for achieving long-term deficit reduction -- because he is the only candidate who has put forward a balanced bipartisan plan . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : 80 U.S. CEOs signed letter seeking balanced , partisan plan to tame debt He says Mitt Romney has refused to consider a plan that includes revenue increases Avlon says the $ 16 trillion debt is too big to be tackled through spending cuts alone He says CEOs want something like Bowles-Simpson plan , and Obama is closer to it
Accused serial strangler Antonio Rodriguez was convicted Thursday of three counts of murder and sentenced to three life terms , according to the office of Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams . Common Pleas Court Judge Jeffrey P. Minehart found Rodriguez guilty of three counts of first-degree murder following the non-jury trial that started Monday . Rodriguez also was convicted of three counts of rape , involuntary deviate sexual intercourse and abuse of a corpse . "  My thoughts and prayers go out to the family and friends of Elaine Goldberg , Nicole Piacentini , and Casey Mahoney , " Williams said in a statement . "  I can not begin to imagine the pain you are going through , but I hope this verdict will give you some sense of justice . " "  The city of Philadelphia is a little bit safer tonight now that Antonio Rodriguez will be spending the rest of his life behind bars , " Williams said . Nicknamed the "  Kensington Strangler , " for the neighborhood where the crimes occurred , the now 23-year-old Rodriguez was arrested after DNA testing linked him to the attacks . In February 2011 , Rodriguez appeared at a preliminary hearing where two police detectives read the sexually explicit confessions he gave regarding three women who were killed and sexually assaulted between November and December 2010 . Rodriguez was convicted of killing Casey Mahoney , 27 ; Elaine Goldberg , 21 ; and Nicole Piacentini , 35 . During the strangling spree , a 33-year-old woman was pulled into an alley and may have been the victim of the same attacker , police said . Despite being choked , punched and hit on the head with a brick , she escaped her assailant , who fled from the scene , according to the police report . Bloody start of the year for Philadelphia 2010 : Search for ` Kensington Strangler "  video 2010 : Concerned about serial killings , residents patrol Philly streets	Antonio Rodriguez is convicted of murder in the deaths of three women The women were killed and sexually assaulted in 2010 in Philadelphia Their assailant was nicknamed the "  Kensington Strangler " for the neighborhood of the crimes Rodriguez is sentenced three life terms ; prosecutor says the city "  is a little bit safer "
Xinxiang , China  CNN  -- Duan Keke greets visitors with a crisp salute and a few pieces of candy . The 80-year-old man stands at the gates of Henan Provincial Military Hospital in China where he has lived in retirement for years , dressed in an olive green army uniform and soldier 's cap , carrying a long wooden stick that he taps against the pavement as he walks . "  Thank you , " he cheerfully repeats to hospital guests -- in Korean . Duan is a Chinese veteran who fought and bled for North Korea in the Korean War . Sixty years ago , U.S. and Chinese-led armies battled each other to a bloody standstill in a conflict between North and South Korea that left millions dead . In 1953 , both sides signed a truce that has left the Korean Peninsula dangerously divided to this day . Last March , during an orchestrated campaign of international saber-rattling , the communist regime in North Korea declared that armistice agreement invalid . More : Why the Korean War still matters In 1951 , Duan was only 18 years old when he volunteered to join the Chinese People 's Liberation Army . That same year , Duan was deployed to help defend Korean communists from Western-backed troops on the Korean Peninsula , shortly after China emerged from its own deadly civil war . "  The people of Korea were suffering , " Duan says . "  We were watching the Korean people and we had all gone through war . You look at China , the revolution , the struggle against the Japanese , many people had died , " Duan continues , recalling preceding years of turmoil in China . "  Seeing the people of Korea farming the land and being killed by enemy planes ... what were they to do if they could not farm ? The planes would just come and bomb them to death . We had to help protect the people of Korea . " Today , Duan leads visitors down a dark corridor , past framed black-and-white photos of Chinese army heroes , to a tidy room in the hospital he calls home . Aside from a nephew , Duan saiys he had no living relatives . His neighbors are also elderly veterans dressed in military fatigues . They chat outside the hospital ward , seated on park benches . The uniforms are a source of pride for the retired military residents , but also apparently a hospital safety measure in case one of them wanders too far outside the grounds and into the city . "  They 're worried that the veterans that came from the countryside will get lost , so when they come here they make them wear uniforms to keep them safe , " Duan says . Much of what Duan recalls from the Korean War years seems to revolve around digging trenches , which he says provided essential protection from American warplanes . "  Digging trenches is not easy ... It 's not soil , it 's rock , " he says , adding that they used their bayonets to break up the rocks . Though Chinese military units were accompanied by Korean translators , Duan says Chinese and Koreans soldiers were not allowed to fraternize . However , another Chinese Korean War veteran says he did have face-to-face encounters with U.S. soldiers . Former infantry soldier You Jie Xiang says his mission was to guard American prisoners of war held far back from the front lines . "  Handling the captives was very dangerous , " You says . "  They might kick you so I had to tell them to stay on their knees . " More : North Korea photos and maps Duan says he remained in Korea until 1953 , when he was severely wounded in battle . During his two year deployment , one of Duan 's missions was to charge up a mountain carrying explosives towards well entrenched Western-backed troops . "  They 're shooting guns at you , " he says , holding his walking stick up to his shoulder like a rifle and making shooting noises . "  We had to bring up the explosives and bomb them , using explosives and flaming oil . " Duan was wounded at least twice . He rolls back a sleeve to show scars from severe burns resulting from what he said was an airstrike . And in the privacy of the medical ward , he insists on dropping his pants and lifting his shirt to show deep scars in his abdomen left by bullets that struck him during a battle on a mountain . Duan says he was shipped home after this injury , which left him maimed and unable to reproduce . The sight of the elderly war veterans in their baggy uniforms contrasts sharply with the vision of modern China that has grown up around them . The years of starvation and conflict seem like distant history , in a country that is now the world 's second largest economy , as well as home to billionaires , gleaming sky-scrapers , luxury shopping malls and brand new airports . The veterans at the Henan Provincial Military Hospital say China 's newest generation know little of the hardships they suffered in Korea . "  Young people ? Of course they do n't know , " says You , the former infantry soldier who once escorted imprisoned American GIs . "  These wars took place decades ago . All the young people have no idea . " Asked whether Koreans understood the sacrifice Chinese troops had made , the veteran shakes his head "  no . " "  What do the Koreans know ? " You asks himself out loud . "  They know what the Korean  government  tells the Korean people . " This modern-day ambivalence towards North Korea is echoed by some Chinese intellectuals . Recently , Deng Yuwen openly challenged the Chinese government 's alliance with North Korea in writing . Partly as a result , he lost his job as deputy editor of the Study Times , a journal published by the Communist Party . "  The current laissez-faire attitude the U.S. and China have towards North Korea is comparable to that of  former British Prime Minister Neville  Chamberlain towards Germany before World War II , " Deng said , in a recent interview with CNN . If Pyongyang continues threatening its Asian neighbors , Deng argued , Beijing should take steps to reign in the regime , like freezing North Korean accounts in Chinese banks . "  The unpredictability of North Korea 's policies prove its nature is dangerous , " Deng said . Veterans who risked their lives for North Korea more than half a century ago have little to say about the current government in Pyongyang . But they do not seem to hold a grudge against their former American enemies . When asked by an American reporter whether he had any message for the U.S. , Duan responds by saying , "  the Americans are peaceful people . " Next to him , several of his fellow veterans nod in agreement . "  I think the Americans did not want to go to war  in Korea  . War is death . " Asked whether he feared war might once again break out on the Korean Peninsula , Duan expresses confidence that the Chinese government would prevent hostilities from erupting . "  The central government will handle it . It is guided by the ideas of Mao Zedong , " he says , referring to the founder of Communist China . "  Big countries do n't want war and we 're against war and this is what we 've been taught . " More : Will North Korea listen to China ? More : The North Korea you have n't seen	Chinese troops fought on North Korea 's side during the Korean war Elderly vets say China 's newest generation knew little of their hardships Many say China will prevent any future hostilities over North Korea
CNN  -- A major humanitarian crisis is unfolding in northern Sri Lanka with 250,000 unprotected civilians trapped in the crossfire between government troops and rebel forces , the Red Cross says . A civilian , injured during fighting in rebel territory , lies on a bed at a hospital in Vavuniya on January 16 , 2009 . The International Committee of the Red Cross  ICRC  has appealed to both sides to facilitate the movement of civilians out of the combat zone which has seen intensified fighting . "  People are being caught in the crossfire , hospitals and ambulances have been hit by shelling and several aid workers have been injured while evacuating the wounded , " Jacques de Maio , ICRC head of operations for South Asia in Geneva said in a statement on the ICRC Web site . " The violence is preventing the ICRC from operating in the region . In the capital , Colombo , Indian foreign affairs minister Pranab Mukherjee huddled Wednesday with Sri Lankan President Mahindra Rajapaksa on the potential humanitarian crisis . "  The Sri Lankan government has reassured that they would respect the safe zones and minimize the effects of conflict on Tamil civilians , " Mukherjee said . His discussions with Rajapaksa also envisioned a post-civil war Sri Lanka . "  We will work together with the government of Sri Lanka to enable all Sri Lankans , and particularly the Tamil community who have borne the brunt of the effects of the conflict , to lead normal lives as soon as possible , " Mukherjee said . But for now , the ICRC says hundreds of patients are in need of emergency treatment and evacuation to Vavuniya Hospital in the government-controlled area and has urged that humanitarian assistance be unhampered in the Vanni region . "  When the dust settles , we may see countless victims and a terrible humanitarian situation , unless civilians are protected and international humanitarian law is respected in all circumstances , " Maio said . "  It 's high time to take decisive action and stop further bloodshed because time is running out . " Meanwhile , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has also called for the safety of civilians as humanitarian groups try to provide aid to people trapped in the region . "  The secretary-general is deeply concerned about the safety and well-being of civilians caught in intensified fighting in the Vanni region of Sri Lanka , " a spokesman for Ban said in a statement Monday . Ban called on the government and the separatist Tamil Tigers to respect "  no-fire zones " and civilians areas , including schools , hospitals and humanitarian posts . He also asked both sides to allow civilians trapped in the fighting to move to "  safe areas . " Sri Lankan soldiers seized a key rebel stronghold in a surprise attack Sunday , even as humanitarian agencies feared for the safety of civilians . Watch a report on the recent fighting " "  It 's an incredibly serious situation , " James Elder , a U.N. spokesman , said Monday . "  We have a very large number of people , including tens of thousands of children , trapped in a fast-shrinking conflict zone . " Troops crossed a lagoon and entered the town of Mullaittivu before encountering heavy resistance from Tamil fighters , according to the government-run news agency . "  Our troops fought their way through a 40 km  25 mile  thick jungle track , " Lt. Gen. Sarath Fonseka said in a televised address Sunday . "  This is the long-awaited victory and I am happy to say that our heroic forces today captured the Mullaittivu town after 12 years , " the Sri Lanka Army chief said . There has been no confirmation from the rebels that the strategic garrison has been overtaken . The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  -- commonly known as the Tamil Tigers -- have fought for an independent homeland for the country 's ethnic Tamil minority since 1983 . The civil war has left more than 70,000 people dead . The rebels gained control over Mullaittivu in 1996 and established a military garrison there , according to the government . In recent days , the military has said it has made significant progress in its campaign to recapture rebel strongholds . Earlier this month , troops regained control of the northern town of Elephant Pass , the point at which mainland Sri Lanka links to the northern Jaffna peninsula . It had been in rebel hands for more than nine years . The recapture enabled the government to use a highway linking the mainland to the peninsula to move troops and supplies . Previously , it was done by air and sea . "  The area that the LTTE has dominated has shrank phenomenally , " Sri Lankan High Commissioner to India , C.R Jayasinghe , told CNN . "  They lost ... about 90 percent of what they had . "	NEW : ICRC says hundreds of patients need emergency treatment and evacuation NEW : Intensified conflict is preventing the ICRC from operating in the region NEW : Indian foreign affairs minister meets with Sri Lankan President over the crisis U.N. asks both sides to allow 250,000 trapped civilians to move to "  safe areas "
CNN  -- A homeless hitchhiker who achieved Internet celebrity by acting as a Good Samaritan with a hatchet was arrested at a Philadelphia bus depot Thursday in connection with the murder of a New Jersey attorney , authorities said . Caleb Lawrence McGillvary , 24 , known on Facebook and YouTube as "  Kai the Hatchet Wielding Hitchhiker , " is facing a murder charge in Union County , New Jersey , authorities said . McGillvary was arrested Thursday evening at the Greyhound terminal by Philadelphia police after New Jersey authorities issued a public call for help in finding him , said Union County Prosecutor Theodore J. Romankow . "  I am grateful for the overwhelming response and dedicated effort by the public and law enforcement that led to this arrest , " Romankow said in a statement . "  I believe that everyone is a little safer with this person off the streets . " Earlier Thursday , Romankow acknowledged the Internet fame surrounding McGillvary , who is crediting with saving two lives in California . "  This man was well-known . That does n't mean he did not or could not become involved in a crime , " Romankow told reporters . "  We believe he has murdered someone -- an attorney by the way who was in the county , was well respected , well regarded for well over 40 years . "  As far as we 're concerned , I do n't care who he is . We 're looking for him , " the prosecutor said . McGillvary is wanted in the death of attorney Joseph Galfy Jr. , authorities said . McGillvary and Galfy exchanged text messages over the last few days , Romankow said . "  It 's more like ` Come pick me up ' and ` I 'll be there at this time , ' " Romankow said . "  But not anything of a personal nature . " But investigators believe McGillvary and Galfy had a sexual relationship , Romankow said . "  There has been some indication of that on Facebook , " the prosecutor said . Romankow did n't know why the two men were in contact with each other . Investigators also do n't know what the motive was for the murder , but they know that the two men were together Sunday evening , the prosecutor said . Galfy was found dead Monday morning in his Clark bedroom , wearing only underwear and socks , Romankow said . "  He was severely beaten , " Romankow added . McGillvary received national attention after CNN affiliate KMPH interviewed him about a February hitchhiking experience in which he used a hatchet to subdue the driver who claimed to be Jesus and struck a utility worker with his car , then grabbed a woman as she provided help at the scene in Fresno , California . Romankow said Thursday that McGillvary has been known to use the back end of a hatchet . The utility worker underwent surgery for non-life-threatening injuries , and the driver , who stood more than 6 feet tall and weighed at least 300 pounds , was arrested , the affiliate said . With long hair sweeping out of a bandana , McGillvary provided a dramatic account of the rescue and gestured how he wielded the hatchet against the rampaging motorist in a "  Smash ! Smash ! Sa-mash ! " manner , he told the affiliate . He spoke in the patois of a surfer . The female bystander , apparently not injured , confirmed the incident in an interview with KMPH . McGillvary 's Facebook page says that "  Kai saved a woman 's life by cleaving a man in the head , with a hatchet , after he had just hit someone with his car . " McGillvary 's story was featured on "  The Colbert Report " and "  Jimmy Kimmel Live , " the affiliate said . The murder charge against McGillvary carries a bail of $ 3 million , Romankow said . Galfy lived alone , and he was n't married and had no children , Romankow said . McGillvary also goes by the names Kai Lawrence , Caleb Kai Lawrence and Kai Nicodemus , authorities said . He has cut his hair to alter his appearance and was last seen at a light rail station in Haddonfield , New Jersey , Romankow said . McGillvary is homeless but calls himself "  homefree , " authorities said . "  Authorities believe that McGillvary relies on the generosity of strangers for food , lodging and transportation , " the prosecutor said in a statement . "  He is considered to be armed and dangerous . "	NEW : Caleb Lawrence McGillvary , aka "  Kai the Hatchet Wielding Hitchhiker , " is arrested NEW : Suspect and murder victim had a sexual relationship , prosecutor says NEW : Victim , a "  well-respected " attorney for 40 years , was found dead in bedroom NEW : Philadelphia police arrest McGillvary , 24 , at a bus depot
CNN  -- Pop quiz : What buttons are seen more than 22 billion times every day , embedded on 7.5 million websites ? Answer : the Facebook Like and Share buttons , according to new numbers released by the social network . And now these most widespread of online icons are both getting their first ever redesign . SEE ALSO : Facebook Being Sued Over Like Button The biggest difference you 'll notice straight away : the thumb is gone from the Like button . Instead , it will appear in the dialogue box above the button that shows you how many Likes your post or page has . The new button features the Facebook "  f " logo instead . It is white on blue , rather than blue on white , as is the new share button . The Share button will replace Facebook 's Send button â $ " deemed too confusing . The reason for the redesign ? The new version is optimized for high-resolution screens , according to Peter Yang , a product manager at Facebook , in the comments section of the Facebook blog post announcing the change . Users should start to see the change on those 7.5 million websites as it rolls out over the coming weeks . This article originally appeared on Mashable . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	The thumbs-up "  Like " button on Facebook is no more Websites using the old button will be automatically updated Facebook says new design already giving more results
CNN  It 's a thriller that reads like a script from one of those Scandinavian dramas that have entranced global television audiences in recent years . A 16-year-old Norwegian soccer sensation -- Martin Odegaard -- is set for superstardom after being headhunted by Spanish giants Real Madrid . Much is expected of Odegaard , with pretty much every European elite football club rumored to have expressed an interest in securing his signature . But will Odegaard 's tale have a happy ending ? Spanish giants Real Madrid are hoping so after swooping in for the kill . "  It 's an honor and a dream come true , " Odegaard told the Real website as he was unveiled by the Spanish club alongside one of the Real greats Emilio Butragueno , who labeled the Norwegian as "  an extraordinary talent . " "  The reason I chose Real Madrid is because this team has the best conditions , both in sporting terms to develop as a player , and off the field to develop as a person , " added Odegaard . While his tender age means he will initially enter Real Madrid 's B team -- coached by French great Zinedine Zidane -- it might not be too long before he 's wowing the crowd at the Spanish club 's Bernabeu stadium . "  Plan : Debut this season , " trumpeted Norway 's largest daily newspaper VG 's headline . Odegaard 's success in Norway has snowballed quickly , with the Nordic nation gripped by his meteoric rise . "  Norway is hit by a serious , serious Odegaard-fever , " Norwegian News Agency 's Espen Hartvig told CNN . "  I would say that in general for the moment it is a kind of pride that little Norway and little Drammen  Odegaard 's home city  has produced a football talent like this . " The fresh-faced forward , who has spent his entire career to date with Stromsgodset , debuted for Norway last year , becoming the youngest player to appear in a European Championship qualifier aged just 15 years and 300 days old . "  My goal is to become the best player possible , " said Odegaard . "  It is n't important if I play in the first or second team . "  It 's a major advantage having a second team of a really high level and with a coach who was one of the best players in the world , and it was also important in my decision , " added the Norwegian teenager , referring to Zidane . Only time will tell -- and Odegaard has a lot of it on his side .	16-year-old Martin Odegaard has been snapped up by Real Madrid Odegaard "  fever " spreads across Norway with hopes pinned on the youngster 's success "  It 's a dream come true " says Odegaard at the press conference on Thursday
CNN  -- Mike Nichols , the award-winning director and pioneering comedian who was one of the few people to win an Emmy , a Grammy , an Oscar and a Tony award , died Wednesday evening , according to a note from ABC News ' president to its staff . Nichols , 83 , who directed "  Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf " and "  The Graduate , " was the husband of former "  ABC World News " anchor Diane Sawyer . Nichols ' influence looms large in entertainment . He was among the founders of the Compass Players , the predecessor to the Chicago-based comedy troupe Second City , which has been a proving ground for comic talent for more than four decades . Share your memories of Mike Nichols As a performer with Elaine May in the late '50s and early '60s , he took comedy into places it had seldom gone before , bringing an improvisational swagger and intellectual edge to a field that had been dominated by joke-telling standups . "  Nichols and May combined the political and social satire of  Mort  Sahl and  Lenny  Bruce with the inspired comic skits of  Sid  Caesar and  Imogene  Coca , " wrote Sam Kashner in a 2013 Vanity Fair profile . Nichols was also an outstanding theater director . At one point in 1967 , he had four plays running on Broadway -- including two by Neil Simon , "  Barefoot in the Park " and "  The Odd Couple " -- and he was a go-to guy for stage works until the end of his life , helming Tom Stoppard 's "  The Real Thing "  1984  , "  Monty Python 's Spamalot "  2005  and a 2012 revival of "  Death of a Salesman " starring Philip Seymour Hoffman . But he 's probably best known for his movies , including the groundbreaking "  The Graduate "  1967  , the Oscar-nominated "  Silkwood "  1983  and box-office smash "  The Birdcage "  1996  . He was known as an "  actor 's director , " one able to pull strong performances from his ensemble and capable of seeing things others did n't . Dustin Hoffman remembered Nichols ' ability at an American Film Institute tribute . Hoffman observed that Benjamin Braddock , the character he played in "  The Graduate , " was a tall , blond , WASP-y type in the novel .  Indeed , among the actors considered for the role was Robert Redford .  But Nichols saw the character as uncertain and neurotic , qualities Hoffman brought to life on screen . "  And so I thank you for casting this short , 29-year-old , unknown actor with a prominent nose to play Benjamin Braddock , " Hoffman said . "  God bless you , sir . You 're more than a great director . You 're a real artist down to your toes , because you 're insanely courageous . " Starting with two phrases Nichols was born Michael Igor Peschkowsky in Berlin in 1931 . With war clouds looming and Nazi persecution of Jews rising , he immigrated to the United States in 1939 . As recounted in the book "  Faces of America , " a young Nichols arrived in the United States knowing only two phrases : "  I do n't speak English " and "  Please , do n't kiss me . " The family changed its last name to Nichols after settling in New York City , where the family patriarch established a medical practice . Nichols attended college in Chicago and later headed back to New York , where he studied acting under famed teacher Lee Strasberg . He returned to Chicago , where he started up a comedy troupe and met Elaine May . The pair would go on to form a partnership that would later take Broadway by storm . Nichols said he took to the stage . "  I liked doing the stand-up , " Nichols told The Hollywood Reporter in 2012 . "  I only stopped because Elaine wanted to stop . I 've never understood it . I thought : ` Why ? It 's not a very long show . It does n't cost us anything emotionally . ' " He moved behind the scenes and directed Robert Redford and Elizabeth Ashley in "  Barefoot in the Park , " which won him his first Tony in 1964 . For a time he was Broadway 's golden boy , with success following success : "  Luv "  1964  , "  The Odd Couple "  1965  , "  The Apple Tree "  1966 , featuring a young Alan Alda  , "  Plaza Suite "  1968  and "  The Prisoner of Second Avenue "  1971  . "  Barefoot , " "  Odd Couple , " "  Plaza Suite " and "  Second Avenue " were all written by Neil Simon . He was also the director of the musical "  Annie "  1977  , which was one of Broadway 's longest-running musicals when it closed almost six years later . Notable movies More acclaim would follow for his work on the big screen . His first film was a biggie : "  Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf "  1966  , starring Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton . It was nominated for 13 Oscars and won five , including a best actress trophy for Taylor . His next film , however , was in many ways even more impressive : "  The Graduate , " which made innovative use of pop music  thanks to Simon and Garfunkel 's songs  , featured a terrific script by Buck Henry and Calder Willlingham and became a blockbuster sign of the New Hollywood -- one led by youthful moviegoers and antihero protagonists . "  Nichols and veteran cinematographer Robert Surtees threw out the  Directors Guild  playbook for ` The Graduate , ' experimenting wildly with lighting and lenses , lending the film a sense of freewheeling freshness , a sheen of visual inventiveness that has n't dimmed over the years , " wrote Slant magazine 's Budd Wilkins in a 2012 look back . Nichols won best director for his work . His movies never quite caught lightning in a bottle again -- few movies do -- but still contained stirring scenes and fine performances : the launch of the planes in "  Catch-22 "  1970  , the sour Jack Nicholson in "  Carnal Knowledge "  1971  , the lives of blue-collar nuclear plant workers in "  Silkwood "  1983  , the unrestrained glee of the plotting Melanie Griffith in "  Working Girl "  1988  . He also directed the TV production of "  Angels in America "  2003  , which won a then record-setting 11 Emmys . His last film as director was 2007 's "  Charlie Wilson 's War . " "  No one was more passionate about his craft than Mike , " James Goldston , president of ABC News , said in a note to the staff . "  He had recently been immersed in a new project for HBO to adapt ` Master Class , ' Terrence McNally 's Tony Award-winning play about opera legend Maria Callas . The project reunited him with Meryl Streep , one of his most frequent collaborators . " Nichols occupied that rare air in the industry of those who have won the EGOT -- an Emmy , a Grammy , an Oscar and a Tony . In 2012 he earned his record sixth Tony for best direction of a play for "  Death of a Salesmen . " He met Sawyer later in life  he was 54 at the time  and she became his fourth wife . He told The Hollywood Reporter that he first spotted the then - "  60 Minutes " correspondent on a flight and later struck up a conversation with her . "  I found her and said , ` You 're my hero . ' And she said : ` No , you 're my hero . Do you ever have lunch ? ' She wanted to interview me for '60 Minutes . ' I pretended that I was up for it , and we had about 14 lunches . " The couple was married for 26 years . In addition to Sawyer , Nichols is survived by his three children -- Daisy , Max and Jenny -- and four grandchildren . Photos : People we 've lost in 2014	Nichols died Wednesday night He was married to journalist Diane Sawyer His last film as a director was "  Charlie Wilson 's War "
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta warned Thursday that the United States was "  reaching the limits of our patience " with Pakistan over militants that attack U.S. forces in neighboring Afghanistan from havens within its borders . "  It 's extremely important that Pakistan take action to prevent this kind of safe haven , " he said during an unannounced visit to Kabul , and that militants can not use the country as a "  safety net " from which to attack U.S. soldiers . Afghan leader condemns NATO airstrike ; U.S. defense secretary visits Kabul "  We have made that very , very clear time and time again , and we will continue to do that , " he said . Panetta also stressed that troops on the Afghan border have every right to defend themselves against the al Qaeda-linked Haqqani network and other militant groups when they launch attacks from Pakistan . "  Anybody who attacks U.S. soldiers is our enemy . We are not going to take it , " he said . "  We have every responsibility to defend ourselves , and we are going to make very clear that we are prepared to take them on -- and we have to put pressure on Pakistan to take them on as well . " Afghan Defense Minister Gen. Abdul Rahim Wardak , speaking alongside Panetta at a news conference , said havens in Pakistan were the "  most important " issue confronting Afghanistan as it seeks to secure a stable future . Pakistan 's ambassador to Washington , Sherry Rehman , said Panetta 's comments were unhelpful . "  This kind of public messaging from a senior member of the U.S. administration is taken very seriously in Pakistan and reduces the space for narrowing our bilateral differences at a critical time in the negotiations , " she said . "  It adds an unhelpful twist to the process and leaves little oxygen for those of us seeking to break a stalemate . " Islamabad has yet to respond to Panetta 's remarks . The defense secretary may also have irritated Pakistani leaders with remarks during a stop in India on Wednesday in which he joked about Pakistan being kept out of the loop as U.S. intelligence tracked al Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden to a Pakistani town , flew undetected into the country and killed him . Asked if Pakistan had interfered in the operation in any way , Panetta replied to laughter : "  They did n't know about our operation . That was the whole idea . " A senior military official in Pakistan , who asked not to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media , told CNN : "  This is Washington 's way of piling on pressure on Pakistan . It 's a tactic they 've used for a long time . Pakistan has sacrificed thousands of lives , and here you have someone laughing . It shows their level of thinking . " Panetta 's stern words came three days after a CIA drone strike in Pakistan 's tribal region killed Abu Yahya al-Libi , the No. 2 man in al Qaeda and a longtime public face of the terrorist network , and at a time of strained Pakistani-U.S. relations . Monday 's strike was the third such deadly attack in as many days and the 21st suspected U.S. drone strike in Pakistan this year . At least six missiles were fired at a militant compound near the town of Mir Ali in the North Waziristan region , near the Afghan border . Pakistani lawmakers have called for an immediate end to the drone strikes , which have been denounced for killing civilians . While in India , Panetta said Washington had made clear to Pakistan that it would defend itself against those who sought to attack the United States . "  And we have done just that . We have gone after their leadership , and we have done it effectively ... targeting al Qaeda leadership and terrorists . "  And very frankly , the terrorists who threaten the United States threaten Pakistan as well . This is not just about protecting the United States ; it 's also about protecting Pakistan . And we have made very clear that we are going to continue to defend ourselves . " Is not planning for more defense cuts the right plan ? Panetta is not the first high-ranking U.S. official to point the finger at Pakistan over a failure to take on extremists within its borders . Addressing Congress in September , just before he retired as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Adm. Mike Mullen said the Haqqani network acted as a "  veritable arm " of Pakistan 's Inter-Service Intelligence agency . He also told CNN that elements in Pakistan 's spy service were "  very active " with the Haqqani network in launching attacks on U.S. forces in Afghanistan and that the U.S. and Pakistani governments and military must work together to tackle the problem . Mullen 's blunt remarks to U.S. senators were widely interpreted as an expression of the growing impatience of U.S. officials with Pakistan 's unwillingness to stop the attacks and the belief that elements in the Pakistani government are actively supporting the insurgents . CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen said that Panetta 's criticism did not represent a significant change of tone and that Pakistani officials mostly "  tune out " such comments . "  They are usually pretty frustrated by calls from the United States to do more when they know that more Pakistani soldiers have died fighting the Taliban than U.S. and NATO soldiers combined , " he said . At the same time , the Pentagon is very frustrated over the continued presence of the Haqqani network , since it is the most effective of the militant groups operating out of Pakistan , Bergen said . But Pakistan is not going to move against the Haqqani network for multiple reasons , Bergen said , including the risk that it would n't go well from a military point of view and the fact that the United States plans to withdraw the bulk of its forces from Afghanistan by the end of 2014 . However , while Pakistan is keen to ensure that India does not gain sway in Afghanistan after the withdrawal of international forces , it is also in Islamabad 's interests to see its neighbor remain stable and out of the hands of the Taliban , he added . Panetta visits former U.S. base in Vietnam Panetta did not visit Islamabad , the Pakistani capital , during his nine-day Asia trip , which included stops in Vietnam and Singapore as well as New Delhi . Relations between Washington and Islamabad have been particularly tense since NATO airstrikes killed two dozen Pakistani soldiers in November . After the fatal airstrikes , the Pakistani government shut down the two NATO supply routes in the country , asked the United States to vacate an air base on its territory and boycotted a conference about the future of Afghanistan . NATO insists that the incident was an accident . U.S. defense secretary announces new strategy with Asia President Barack Obama 's administration recently defended its use of unmanned drones to target suspected terrorists overseas in a rare public statement , with John Brennan , the president 's top counterterrorism adviser , saying the strikes are conducted "  in full accordance with the law . " The program uses unmanned aerial vehicles , often equipped with Hellfire missiles , to target suspected terrorists in remote locations overseas , with many such strikes occurring in Yemen and Pakistan , despite internal opposition to the practice within the latter country . Brennan said the United States "  respects national sovereignty and international law " and is guided by the laws of war in ordering those attacks . Despite the public discussion of bad blood between the United States and Pakistan , Bergen cautions against reading too much into the dispute over NATO ground supply routes . Pakistan 's airspace has remained open to NATO forces throughout the dispute and is much more important to international operations , he said . Pakistan was also invited to last month 's NATO summit in Chicago -- at which leaders signed off on the plan for withdrawal of international forces from Afghanistan -- without any insistence that the supply lines be opened , he said , in a small sign of easing tensions . The Pakistani border area is widely believed to be the operating base for the Haqqani network and other militant groups that have attacked international troops in neighboring Afghanistan . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistani military official says U.S. comments are a way to pile pressure on Pakistan Pakistan 's Washington envoy says Panetta 's remarks are unhelpful U.S. defense secretary : Militants must not be able to use Pakistan as a "  safety net " Panetta 's criticism of Pakistan is not a significant change in tone , an analyst says
CNN  -- Search results you can smell , a crowdsourced hunt for pirate booty and paying for vowels on Twitter are some of this year 's attempts at tech pranks . Few fooled anymore , but the annual tech ritual is still fun to watch . Every April Fools ' Day , tech companies big and small roll out carefully constructed jokes . They 're a way for the companies to show they know how to have to have a little fun , while conveniently getting in some free marketing at the same time . Google continues to be the undisputed champion of April Fools ' tomfoolery , with elaborate offerings and high-production-value announcement videos across various Google products . Google Maps is following up last year 's 8-bit maps overlay with an old-timey treasure map . The real , interactive overlay comes complete with sepia-tinged Street View images and a detailed backstory . It seems the 315-year-old map was found by divers capturing Google Maps underwater street view images . It belonged to pirate William "  Captain " Kidd and contains hidden clues and symbols . The company invites people to help search for treasure , admire the hand-drawn landmarks and look out for pirates . Google 's iconic search page unveiled smellable search results with Google Nose . When you search for certain keywords like durian , campsite , moth balls , grandpa 's hat or maple syrup , a description of that object 's odor and a big blue "  Smell " button appear alongside the search results . According to the "  Google Aromabase , " Abraham Lincoln smells like an old , musty "  remnant of American history . " To experience it for yourself , lean in and press enter . The 15 million-plus sentibytes of data were collected via Android devices and smart vehicles .  There is , of course , a safe-search feature for smells you 'd rather not experience . YouTube announced it was shutting down completely . The past eight years have actually just been a contest to determine the best video ever made . The service has finally collected enough entries and will begin the long reviewing and judging process to select a winner . The process will only take 10 years to sift through 150,000 finalists , the site said . YouTube celebrities such as Charlie of "  Charlie Bit My Finger " and Antoine "  Hide Your Kids , Hide Your Wife " Dodson make special appearances in the video announcing the contest . Other Google attempts include Gmail Blue  everything is radically redesigned to be blue  , Google + auto-detecting emoticons , and Google Fiber hotspots attached to utility poles . Twitter announced it was splitting its service into two , with a full , paid version that will charge for vowels  $ 5/month  and a free version called "  Twttr " that will allow only consonants . Part-time vowel "  Y " will continue to be free , and the length of tweets is being expanded to 141 characters . "  We 're doing this because we believe that by eliminating vowels , we 'll encourage a more efficient and ` dense ' form of communication , " the company announced in its April Fools ' blog post . True story : Twitter founders considered using that vowel-free version for the site 's name  . Virgin Atlantic unveiled a photo of its new glass-bottom plane , giving everyone a window seat . Nokia announced it was making a touch-screen microwave that integrates eye-tracking technology and automatic food photography . The Nokia 5AM-TH1N6 Constellation will retail for 399 Euros  about $ 511  , though subsidized versions may be available . "  More models , including a mini variant targeted towards people with small appetites , and a 10-inch variant aimed at no one in particular , are also planned , " the company said in a blog post . Sony unveiled its latest line of headphones and speakers for cats , dogs and even hamsters , called Animalia .	Google leads the pranks with smell searches and a Google Maps treasure hunt YouTube announced it 's shutting down to decide best-ever video Twitter rolled out a fake product that charges for vowels Nokia , Sony , Virgin and other companies also announced fake products
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Officials have ruled the death of a 10-year-old girl who got into a fight last week to be a homicide , authorities said Monday . Joanna Ramos , a fifth-grade student at Willard Elementary School , died of blunt force trauma to the head six hours after an altercation with a female classmate that lasted less than a minute , said Long Beach Police spokesman Sgt. Rico Fernandez . Authorities have identified the other girl , who is 11 , as well as several onlookers , and they are continuing to investigate what happened . "  There are several accounts of what transpired based on interviews with witnesses , but we have not concluded the precise motive , " Fernandez said . In a statement , police said Ramos and her unidentified classmate had challenged each other to a planned fight when their school session ended Friday . "  The two girls met in a nearby alley next to a church and began hitting each other , " Fernandez said . The fight was brief , and no weapons were involved , authorities said . According to Long Beach Unified School District spokesman Chris Eftychiou , Ramos finished her regular school session at 2:12 p.m. Friday and was supposed to remain on campus to begin her scheduled after-school program at 2:30 . "  We believe the altercation occurred during that 15-minute window because she apparently left and returned for the session , which involves help with homework and academic-related activity , " said Eftychiou . After the fight , the girls left and went their separate ways . Ramos stayed in the afternoon session for about an hour but did not exhibit obvious signs of physical trauma , said Eftychiou . "  When she did complain of not feeling well , her cousin picked her up , but we had no indication she was involved in an altercation , " he said . "  Only when she was at the hospital did we get word about the altercation , and there is no indication that bullying was a factor , " said Eftychiou . Once the investigation and autopsy are complete , the findings will be turned over to the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office for review and to determine whether charges will be filed in the case . No arrests have been made , authorities said . On Monday , grief counselors were brought into Willard Elementary to assist instructors and students . "  It was a somber day , " said Eftychiou . Ramos had been enrolled at the school for about a year and a half , he said .	10-year-old girl fights with classmate in an alley and dies at hospital six hours later Authorities : Fight between girls lasted less than one minute ; weapons not involved Grief counselors helping instructors and students at Willard Elementary
The Indian Uber driver accused of raping a passenger in New Delhi is awaiting trial in at least four criminal cases in his home state , a police official said Wednesday . The cases against Shiv Kumar Yadav in Uttar Pradesh date to 2003 , said Superintendent Srikant Singh , a senior police official in the state . Yadav is currently in police custody in New Delhi , where he is accused of raping a 26-year-old woman who had requested a ride through the car service app last weekend . Police in New Delhi say Yadav 's address and background were n't verified in his driver registration . The revelations from Uttar Pradesh police add to concerns about how he was allowed to operate as a driver for Uber . Yadav was accused of rape last year and later released on bail , Singh said . He was also arrested on charges of molestation in 2003 , of carrying illegal firearms in 2006 and of disorderly and dangerous behavior in 2009 , according to Singh . In New Delhi , he spent seven months in jail in between 2011 and 2012 during a trial on charges of rape of which he was acquitted , said the city 's deputy police commissioner , Madhur Verma . The accusations of rape in the Uber car has provoked a sharp response from Indian authorities . New Delhi says it has banned the car service , citing permit violations , and police say they have filed a case against it . The Indian federal government has advised states to block unlicensed Web-based taxi services . Uber has condemned the alleged rape and said it is cooperating with Indian law enforcement authorities . The company said that as of Tuesday , it had n't been notified of the New Delhi ban and was continuing to operate in the city . Uber was n't immediately available for comment Wednesday on the disclosures about Yadav 's record in Uttar Pradesh , but on Thursday it released a statement saying it was doing everything in its power "  to assist the authorities to help bring the perpetrator to justice . " The company will suspend its operations in New Delhi , it said , as it re-evaluates its verification processes and begins "  re-reviewing rider feedback on every driver partner across India . " It also will address its driver-screening processes and will evaluate options like background checks on all drivers in India , beyond what the law requires . "  We will come back better and stronger for the New Delhi community , ready to serve you again , " Uber said in the statement .	Uber suspending operations in New Delhi , re-evaluating screening processes Shiv Kumar Yadav is also facing rape , molestation and firearms charges , police say He is now in police custody accused of raping a woman in an Uber car in New Delhi The case has prompted intense scrutiny of Web-based car services in India
Washington  CNN  -- Top Democrats are prepared to short-circuit the traditional legislative process and exclude their Republican counterparts during final congressional health care deliberations , senior Democratic sources have told CNN . Democrats are trying to prevent the Republicans from using Senate rules to slow the push for final passage of a comprehensive reform bill , the sources added . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is set to discuss the politically contentious health care issue when she huddles in her office with other House Democratic leaders Tuesday afternoon . The House Democratic leadership is also likely to meet with President Obama , and plans to hold a conference call with their entire caucus . The full House of Representatives is not scheduled to return from vacation until January 12 ; the Senate meets January 19 . Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , however , have already discussed the issue over the phone , aides said . Congressional leaders are working to merge an $ 871 billion Senate bill and $ 1 trillion House bill that differ on several critical details . Democratic leaders hope to get a bill to Obama 's desk by early February , near the time of the president 's State of the Union address , several Democratic sources have said . Pelosi admitted last month , however , that this deadline could slip . Should the measure that emerges from House-Senate negotiations become law , it would constitute the biggest expansion of federal health care guarantees since the enactment of Medicare and Medicaid more than four decades ago . Formal House-Senate negotiations , under the ordinary legislative process , would likely have started shortly after both houses of Congress reconvene . Democratic concerns over the GOP 's ability to slow the process , however , may result in the traditional process being replaced with informal , high-level talks , sources stated . In order to hold a formal conference , conferees -- members of the House and Senate -- must be formally appointed by both bodies , with resolutions passed by both the Senate and the House . One Democratic leadership aide said getting those resolutions passed in the Senate could delay and even derail Democratic efforts , because Republicans would be allowed to offer amendments and hold lengthy debates on the resolutions to appoint conferees . Many observers believe the more liberal House measure will be largely forced to conform to the Senate bill . The traditionally fractious 60-member Senate Democratic caucus struggled to unify behind a single measure , and needs to remain united in order to overcome solid Republican opposition . The different approach to financing in the House and Senate bills is one of the many differences that must now be reconciled . The House measure is paid for through a combination of a tax surcharge on wealthy Americans and new Medicare spending reductions . Individuals with annual incomes over $ 500,000 -- as well as families earning more than $ 1 million -- would face a 5.4 percent income tax surcharge . The Senate bill also cuts Medicare by roughly $ 500 billion . But instead of an income tax surcharge on the wealthy , it would impose a 40-percent tax on insurance companies that provide what are called "  Cadillac " health plans valued at more than $ 8,500 for individuals and $ 23,000 for families . Proponents of the tax on high-end plans argue it 's one of the most effective ways to curb medical inflation . However , House Democrats oppose taxing such policies because it would hurt union members who traded higher salaries for more generous health benefits . Back in December , Obama predicted the final bill will probably end up with a variation of both the income tax surcharge and the tax on high-end plans . "  Cadillac plans ... do n't make people healthier , but just take more money out of their pockets , " he argued in an interview with National Public Radio . The Senate bill also would hike Medicare payroll taxes on families making over $ 250,000 ; the House bill does not . Another key sticking point is the dispute over a public option . The House plan includes a public option ; the more conservative Senate package would instead create nonprofit private plans overseen by the federal government . Given the reality of the 60-vote threshold in the Senate , however , there has n't been much serious discussion among House leaders about pushing hard to keep the public option . One of the top House liberal leaders -- South Carolina Rep. James Clyburn -- recently said he could vote for a bill without the government insurance plan . "  We want a public option to do basically three things : create more choice for insurers , create more competition for insurance companies , and to contain costs , " Clyburn said on the CBS program "  Face the Nation . "  So if we can come up with a process by which these three things can be done , then I 'm all for it . Whether or not we label it a public option or not is of no consequence . " Maryland Rep. Chris Van Hollen , chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , said at the end of December on the show "  Fox News Sunday " that the public option is "  not dead , but we also recognize that the Senate was able to just muster the 60 votes . " Individuals under both plans would be required to purchase coverage , but the House bill includes more stringent penalties for most of those who fail to comply . The House bill would impose a fine of up to 2.5 percent of an individual 's income . The Senate plan would require individuals to purchase health insurance coverage or face a fine of up to $ 750 or 2 percent of his or her income , whichever is greater . Both versions include a hardship exemption for poorer Americans . Employers face a much stricter mandate under the House legislation , which would require companies with a payroll of more than $ 500,000 to provide insurance or pay a penalty of up to 8 percent of their payroll . The Senate bill would require companies with more than 50 employees to pay a fee of up to $ 750 per worker if any of its employees rely on government subsidies to purchase coverage . Abortion also has been a sticking point for both chambers . A compromise with Catholic and other conservatives in the House led to the adoption of an amendment banning most abortion coverage from the public option . It also would prohibit abortion coverage in private policies available in the exchange to people receiving federal subsidies . Senate provisions , made more conservative than initially drafted in order to satisfy Nebraska Sen. Ben Nelson , would allow states to choose whether to ban abortion coverage in plans offered in the exchanges . Individuals purchasing plans through the exchanges would have to pay for abortion coverage out of their own funds . Nelson recently warned on CNN 's "  State of the Union " that he would withdraw his support if the final bill gets changed too much from the Senate version . Despite their differences , however , the House and Senate have already reached agreement on a broad range of topics . Both chambers have agreed to subsidize insurance for a family of four making up to roughly $ 88,000 annually , or 400 percent of the federal poverty level . They also have agreed to create health insurance exchanges designed to make it easier for small businesses , the self-employed and the unemployed to pool resources and purchase less-expensive coverage . Both the House plan and the Senate bill would eventually limit total out-of-pocket expenses and prevent insurance companies from denying coverage for pre-existing conditions . Insurers would be barred from charging higher premiums based on a person 's gender or medical history . However , both bills allow insurance companies to charge higher premiums for older customers . Medicaid would be significantly expanded under both proposals . The House bill would extend coverage to individuals earning up to 150 percent of the poverty level , or roughly $ 33,000 for a family of four . The Senate plan ensures coverage to those earning up to 133 percent of the poverty level , or just over $ 29,000 for a family of four . Both the House and Senate bills would permit the creation of nonprofit private insurance cooperatives to increase competition . CNN 's Dana Bash , Lisa Desjardins , Alan Silverleib , and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Democratic sources say Republicans could use Senate rules to slow final passage Congressional leaders have to merge an $ 871 billion Senate bill and $ 1 trillion House bill Many observers believe final version will look more like conservative Senate bill Financing , public option are key sticking points between House , Senate versions
CNN  -- As Dennis Rodman readies for his "  basketball diplomacy " trip to North Korea , CNN has learned exclusively from Rodman 's sponsor Paddy Power that Rodman and his documentary crew will arrive in Pyongyang on December 19 and train a team of North Korean basketball players through December 23 . The names of the former NBA players and "  high-profile " NBA coach will be announced before Rodman leaves next week for North Korea . Paddy Power is an online and in-store sports betting business in the UK . Rory Scott , a spokesman for Paddy Power , said that "  taking a pragmatic view , we have spoken to many experts familiar with recent developments in DPRK and it was the general consensus that it is safe for us to travel there . The purpose of this trip is not to get involved with politics but to prove once again that sport has the power to rise above all issues . And this will be a unique sporting occasion . " The spokesman added that Rodman has no definite plans to meet with "  the Marshal Kim Jong Un , " but because Rodman and the President are friends , they could very likely meet again . The North Korean basketball players are being trained for a game against a team of former NBA players , called Dennis ' Dream Team , in Pyongyang on January 8 , Kim 's birthday . The game is tentatively titled "  The Big Bang in Pyongyang . " The first half will be the U.S. vs. North Korea . For the second half of the game , the two teams will be blended with players from both sides . Opinion : Is Dennis Rodman smart on North Korea ?	Rodman and a documentary crew are scheduled to arrive on December 19 Experts say it 's safe for them to travel there , and the trip wo n't be political , sponsor says Sponsor : Rodman will train a North Korean team , does n't have plans to meet with Kim Jong Un The players are training for "  The Big Bang in Pyongyang , " a game against former NBA players
CNN  -- In March 2010 I found out my twin sister , Bobbette , needed a kidney transplant . With a body mass index of well over 50 , I was ruled out as a donor . At that moment , I decided I would get healthy once she got healthy . I decided that my weight would never again keep me from doing something I wanted . Bobbette got a new kidney in June and was finally getting back on her feet in September . Then it was my turn . I weighed 385 pounds -- and no , it was n't because I like to eat . I grew up as a fat kid , and food was my coping mechanism . In September 2011 , I started walking . By the end of the year , I started making better food choices . In January 2012 , I joined my local Y , where I started taking water classes such as HÂ ² O cardio and hydrorider . In June 2012 I was down to 330 pounds . One of my best friends , Anje , volunteered to help me lose even more weight . She figured out quickly that I loved sports ; more than anything I wanted to be an athlete . She came up with a plan for us to approach my weight loss in phases . At the end of each phase , I would do some athletic feat . At the end of phase one , I would run a 5K without stopping . Phase two was a half marathon . She suggested a triathlon for phase three ; I laughed in her face and told her she was crazy . Fate had another plan . One morning I heard Jeff Dauler on "  The Bert Show " recount the biggest lesson he had learned from being part of the CNN Fit Nation 2012 team . That lesson was "  In times of transition , keep moving forward . It does n't matter how you do it , as long as you keep going forward . " That year was a time of transition for me and to "  keep moving forward , " I knew I had to be part of the 2013 CNN Fit Nation team . On Christmas Day 2012 , I got the best present ever : a Facebook message from a producer saying CNN had to talk to me . I knew this was going to be big . "  Surprise , welcome and congratulations . ... " I heard those words from Dr. Sanjay Gupta and immediately screamed and started to cry . I finally had a team , and I was going to be a triathlete in nine months . The biggest obstacle for me was cycling . I had never clipped into a bike , and I was terrified by the thought of it . By the time we got to our midway training trip in Clermont , Florida , I was doing better but still hated it . With two words , my trainer April Burkey made me a cyclist on that trip -- and started to heal some emotional scars . We were coming off a huge hill , and she said , "  Let go . ... " At that point she was talking about the brakes , but we had been talking all day about my self-perception . Like braking on a bike , I was holding on too tightly to people , words and situations that had hurt me and to worries about things over which I have absolutely no control . 5 lessons we learned while training for our first triathlon When it came time for the Nautica Malibu Triathlon , I had no fear . I knew without a doubt I would finish . I was so excited and thankful for this opportunity to live out a childhood dream of being on a team . I had lost nearly 200 pounds and was healthier and happier than ever . As I was out on the course , I would see my teammates , and every time we would yell words of encouragement to each other . It did n't matter who finished first as long as we finished . I had a sense of finally belonging . I never felt more free and confident in my life as I did when I threw my hands in the air as I crossed the finish line . I left all the words and actions that hurt and haunted me since childhood along with the unhealthy , unhappy woman I used to be at the finish line in Malibu on September 8 , 2013 . I had finally "  let go . " Now the only thing left to do is keep moving forward . Follow Miller 's journey on Twitter @TriHardAnnette .	Annette Miller was selected to be a part of 2013 Fit Nation Triathlon Challenge program Miller lost 100 pounds before joining the program and close to another 100 during it Miller and her teammates completed the Nautica Malibu Triathlon
CNN  -- The champagne is on ice , the fireworks are exploding overhead and the guests are getting down to some funky sounds -- but is n't your New Year 's Eve party a bit , well , last year ? Not everyone spends the last night of December carousing like the dawn will bring a Mayan apocalypse , yet they still manage to have a great evening . So perhaps to see in 2013 , it 's time to pour away the Moët & Chandon , defuse the skyrockets , eject the ABBA mixtape and take inspiration from some of the planet 's more unusual New Year celebrations by adding these to your shopping list : Frozen water Most parties lay on a few ice cubes for the cocktails , but if you really want your guests to chill , how about a frozen lake , river or sea . For some reason , glaciated bodies of water have a magnetic lure for new year revelers undeterred by hypothermia , frostbite or common sense . Sub-zero soaks are commonplace from Scotland to Siberia as swimmers , often fortified by a shot of booze , shiver themselves bluer than the cast of Avatar . Why you should : An invigorating icy swim will wash away last year 's cobwebs . Why you should n't : It could also wash away frozen parts of your body . Underwear After exposing your extremities to such a chilly experience it might be wise to have some thermals to hand , but sensible unmentionables are n't on our list . Instead , like partygoers in Italy and some South American countries you should be thinking about a more dazzling set of drawers . In Italy , Spain and South and Central America , color-coded underpants take on special meaning at New Year with red or yellow auguring luck or romance . Why you should : It 's a chance to liven up your lingerie . Why you should n't : With all this talk about pants and love you 'll need another icy dip . German sense of humor If you 're fed up with unfunny jokes told by drunken party guests , it 's time to tap into Germany 's love of deadpan absurdism . Almost every New Year 's Eve for the past half a century , German television has broadcast "  Dinner for One , " a comic English play in which a sozzled butler imitates party guests to humor his elderly employer . The annual repeat of the show 's catchphrase : "  The same procedure as last year , " adds to the hilarity and has helped it earn fans in several neighboring countries . Why you should : The show 's saucy punchline is well worth it Why you should n't : The joke takes about 50 years to work properly Broken television set When endless reruns of "  Dinner for One " result in frustration being taken out on your TV , you might be tempted to throw it out of the window in line with a now extinct Italian New Year tradition of defenestrating unwanted goods . A similar habit in South Africa has seen fridges and other household objects ejected from up high , sometimes resulting in injury and arrest . Why you should : You should n't . Why you should n't : It 's illegal , not to mention dangerous . Grapes There 's nothing too unusual about serving grapes at a party -- unless you follow the traditions of Mexico , Chile and Costa Rica where 12 grapes are consumed on New Year 's Eve , each a symbol of the months that lie ahead . In Spain the grapes must be eaten in time with the 12 chimes of midnight , which can turn the traditional New Year 's kiss into a messy business . Why you should : Grapes are a tasty source of anti-oxidants and vitamins . Why you should n't : Inhaling grapes = Heimlich Maneuver . Molten lead Back to Germany for another unusual ritual in which a spoonful of lead is melted over a candle then dropped into a bucket of water . The shapes formed by the cooling metal are then divined for signs of what lies in the year ahead . Certain formations have specific meanings : An egg signifies a growing family , a clover means luck and a hat shape means good news . No one takes it seriously . Why you should : It 's fun . Why you should n't : It 's nonsense . Pigs In the Swiss ski resort of Klosters , the first day of January is celebrated with a piglet race in which 10 tiny porkers sprint through the snow for the enviable prize of being spared from the sausage factory . The winner is usually adopted as a town mascot for the year . Why you should : Piglets ! So cute ! Why you should n't : The losers get eaten . Chairs Chairs at a party are n't exactly a radical innovation , but in Denmark they are typically used as a launching pad for people who believe that by leaping into the New Year they will banish malevolent spirits . Why you should : You can claim your new year exercise regime has started early . Why you should n't : You 'll need the icy water again to bathe those twisted ankles . Dead birds Sailors love a good party , but are notoriously superstitious souls , believing that it is unlucky to begin a voyage on December 31 . Maritime lore also suggests that feathers plucked from a wren slain on New Year 's Day can protect seafarers from dying in a shipwreck . Why you should : You polished off those piglets , so a wren is n't going to hurt your conscience . Why you should n't : Nothing kills a party like a dead bird . Bed Britain has a certain reputation when it comes to New Year 's Eve , particularly in Scotland where Hogmanay celebrations -- climaxing in a rendition of the traditional Scottish song "  Auld Lang Syne " -- can border on the bacchanalian . So it is perhaps a surprise to discover that , according to a survey conducted last year , over a third of Britons prefer to be tucked up in bed on the stroke of midnight . Why you should : You 'll avoid the most overrated party of the year . Why you should n't : Champagne corks , fireworks and ABBA will keep you awake anyway .	Bizarre New Year traditions include swimming in subzero seas Many Germans celebrate by watching a television repeat of a 50-year-old British comedy Other activities include chomping grapes , racing pigs and hurling objects out of windows
CNN  -- Considered one of modern Africa 's founding fathers , Zambia 's first President Kenneth Kaunda has spent much of his life fighting some of Africa 's toughest battles . From his struggles against the racism and oppression of colonial rule in the 1950s to the fight against AIDS today , it 's been an eventful life for Zambia 's former leader . Kaunda 's rise to prominence started in the early 1950s , a time of growing political unrest in the region . Independence movements across Africa were gaining momentum and activists , becoming ever more defiant , were demanding the end of colonialism and the right to self government . In Northern Rhodesia -- soon to become Zambia -- Kaunda was in the midst of the struggles , fighting against a repressive and racist regime , he explained to CNN . "  We were going to defy unjust laws , conditions of slavery more or less ... There was segregation of the worst form . " He continued : "  Schools for whites , schools for blacks , hospitals for whites , few hospitals for blacks . And so it went on . Everywhere there was racial discrimination . " But his fight for independence was not without consequence and in 1959 Kaunda was arrested and jailed for ten months . For Kaunda , prison was an inevitable part of the fight for freedom . "  I think I succeeded in the end but it meant going into prison defying unjust laws , being arrested by the police , beaten up , thrown into prison , " he said . "  You come out and you still continue and we did this and in the end thank God we succeeded . " After his release in January 1960 Kaunda became leader of the newly formed United National Independence Party  UNIP  and in 1964 after elections and much political wrangling , Zambia was finally granted independence from the British with Kaunda as its president . It was a presidency which was to last 27 years , but under one party rule . A decision highly criticized , with many accusing Kaunda of presiding over a dictatorship . But Kaunda has remained defiant about his decision to form a one-party state , telling CNN : "  My colleagues and I decided we 're going to go into one party . The reason for that , there was no way , no way at all in which we could have fought and defeated colonialism all around us , with so many parties in Zambia at that time . No way at all . He continued : "  No , I have never been a dictator . It was a bargain with the people . But even then I knew it was not the best thing to do . But in that situation it was the only way out . " In 1990 Kaunda finally legalized opposition parties setting the stage for free , multi-party elections , which took place in 1991 . The elections saw the end of Kaunda 's leadership with Frederick Chiluba from the Movement for Multiparty Democracy coming to power . Now , after 20 years away from the political spotlight , Kaunda is still campaigning . His major battle today is the fight against HIV/AIDS , a disease running rampant throughout his country , affecting one in eight Zambians . It 's a cause close to the former leader 's heart and one which has affected him personally . "  My own child , one of them , died of Aids . A brilliant boy , " Kaunda told CNN . "  He died of AIDS but that 's not the reason why I am fighting AIDS . I fight AIDS because it 's a killer disease , destroys the human race in all fields . " It 's this constant will to fight that leaves Kaunda positive about the future of his country and Africa . This despite the many challenges ahead . "  I 'm very hopeful that things will come right , " he said to CNN . "  Because you see there was a time when a leader went wrong and they became an oppressor ... but today things have begun to change . "  The struggle , the condemnation is quite often within the continent of Africa . It 's a good beginning towards a realization of what , democracy is right in this world , east , west , north , south . So I 'm confident that we have begun to grow . " Susannah Palk contributed to this report	Kenneth Kaunda became Zambia 's first President after independence in 1964 During the country 's struggles , Kaunda was jailed twice by the colonial authorities Once in power , he governed for 27 years under one-party rule Twenty years out of politics , Kaunda continues to campaign against the spread of AIDS
CNN  -- Pope Francis has called for mutual respect between religions in a message addressed to Muslims as they prepare to celebrate Eid al-Fitr next week , at the end of the holy month of Ramadan . It is traditional for the Pontifical Council for Interreligious Dialogue to send a message of good wishes and a proposed theme for common reflection at this time . Opinion : How the ` Francis effect ' could rescue the church But Francis , who was elected to the papacy in March , said that he wanted to add the personal touch . "  This year , the first of my Pontificate , I have decided to sign this traditional message myself and to send it to you , dear friends , as an expression of esteem and friendship for all Muslims , especially those who are religious leaders , " he writes . "  This year , the theme on which I would like to reflect with you and with all who will read this message is one that concerns both Muslims and Christians : Promoting Mutual Respect through Education . " Francis said his message should apply to everyone , with all people respecting the life , dignity and rights of each person . "  Regarding the education of Muslim and Christian youth , we have to bring up our young people to think and speak respectfully of other religions and their followers , and to avoid ridiculing or denigrating their convictions and practices , " he said . What is Ramadan ? Francis returned this week from a trip to Brazil for World Youth Day , during which he met many young Roman Catholics . In his message , the pope refers to a speech he gave to the Vatican diplomatic corps in March , in which he stressed the need for dialogue with Islam . With those words , he sought to "  emphasize once more the great importance of dialogue and cooperation among believers , in particular Christians and Muslims , and the need for it to be enhanced , " he said . The message was sent out in multiple languages , including Arabic . Francis ' predecessor , former pontiff Benedict XVI , angered many in the Muslim world when he gave a speech in 2006 in which he quoted a 14th-century Byzantine emperor who characterized some of the teachings of Islam 's Prophet Mohammed as "  evil and inhuman " and "  spread by the sword . " Opinion : What the pope left out about women CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	He calls his message "  an expression of esteem and friendship for all Muslims " It is sent ahead of Eid al-Fitr , the celebration marking the end of Ramadan Pope : We have to bring up youths to think and speak respectfully of other religions The message was sent out in multiple languages , including Arabic
CNN  -- Yemen 's vice president called Saturday for presidential elections to be held in February , state media reported . Vice President Abdo Rabbo Mansour Hadi issued a presidential decree for the vote to be held February 21 , according to the state-run SABA news agency . The decree comes just days after President Ali Abdullah Saleh agreed to step down from power after months of protests against his 33-year rule . He became the fourth leader to leave office as a result of the Arab Spring unrest that has roiled much of the Middle East and North Africa this year . The deal , brokered Wednesday by the Gulf Cooperation Council and signed in Saudi Arabia , allows Saleh to retain the title of president for three months until elections are held , but requires him to hand over executive powers to Yemen 's vice president . The presidential decree issued by Hadi calls for the elections to be monitored by the Supreme Committee for Elections and Referendum , SABA reported . White House counterterrorism adviser John Brennan spoke to Hadi on Saturday , congratulating the vice president and the people of Yemen on initiating a political transition . Brennan stressed the importance of the ruling party and the opposition working together , and the need for all parties to refrain from violence , according to a White House statement . "  The two agreed on the need to quickly implement the terms of the November 23 political settlement so that the legitimate and richly deserved aspirations of the Yemeni people can be realized , " it read .	NEW : White House counterterrorism adviser John Brennan urges unity and peace Yemen 's vice president issues a decree calling for a vote to be held February 21 President Saleh agreed on Wednesday to step down from power The decree stipulates that the vote be monitored by an election committee
CNN  -- Bangladesh gave their Cricket World Cup quarterfinal hopes a boost with victory over the Netherlands while Pakistan sealed their progress with a rain-affected win against Zimbabwe . Bangladesh , who are hosting the tournament along with South Asian neighbors India and Sri Lanka , have leapfrogged England into the final qualification spot in Group B after a comprehensive six-wicket win . It means England need to beat the West Indies on Thursday to keep their hopes of making the last eight alive . In Group A , Pakistan beat Zimbabwe by seven wickets to clinch their place in the knockout stages after Sri Lanka , New Zealand and Australia also booked their slots . Bangladesh , buoyed by their victory over England on Friday , dismissed the Netherlands for just 160 in Chittagong . Ryan ten Doeschate held their innings together with an unbeaten 53 but regular wickets meant the Dutch could n't put any big partnerships together . Abdur Razzak was the pick of Bangladesh 's bowlers , taking three wickets for 29 runs in his ten overs . Netherlands ' last five batsman added just seven runs to their total . In reply , Imrul Kayes hit 73 not out to steer Bangladesh towards their target while Junaid Siddique added 35 and Shahriar Nafees made 37 . Netherlands have lost all five of their matches at the tournament . Bangladesh play their final game in the group stages against South Africa on Saturday but if West Indies beat England they will be through . After the match Bangladesh captain Shakib Al Hasan told reporters : "  It was a nervous game because we had to win to stay in the contest . "  We 'll watch the West Indies v England game very closely , but we want to do well against South Africa . " Pakistan secured their progress to the last eight after Zimbabwe made 151-7 off 39.4 overs during a rain interrupted match in Kandy , Sri Lanka . Craig Ervine top scored with 52 while fast bowler Umar Gul finished with figures of 3-36 off 7.4 overs . Pakistan 's adjusted target was 164 , which they reached for the loss of just three wickets in 34.1 overs . Mohammad Hafeez got their innings off to a fast start with a knock of 49 while Asad Shafiq hit 78 off 97 balls to ensure Pakistan 's victory .	Bangladesh boost their Cricket World Cup quarterfinal hopes with win over Netherlands Co-hosts Bangladesh move into fourth in Group B table with six wicket win Bangladesh will qualify for last eight if West Indies beat England on Thursday Pakistan book their quarterfinal place with a seven-wicket win over Zimbabwe
You squirt it on your hands as you catch the office elevator for lunch , and then again on your way home . You have bottles in your bathroom and kitchen , too -- and you use them often . You think  hope ?  that your hand-sanitizer habit is protecting you from colds and flu and gross bugaboos like E. coli . But even if it is n't , it 's harmless . Right ? The rumor : Hand sanitizer is not only ineffective , it 's toxic Word on the street has it that despite how clean your hands feel after using a hand sanitizer , they 're actually still dirty -- and using sanitizers might actually lower your resistance to disease . Is it true ?! upwave : Is it true that an apple a day keeps the doctor away ? The verdict : Soap and water beats sanitizers hands-down When it comes to safety and effectiveness , the main concern with hand sanitizers is triclosan , which is the main antibacterial ingredient in nonalcoholic hand sanitizers . "  There 's no good evidence that triclosan-containing products have a benefit , " says Allison Aiello , associate professor of epidemiology at the University of Michigan . In Europe and the United States , hospitals wo n't even use them , she notes ; it 's thought that they do n't reduce infections or illness . Dr. Anna Bowen , a medical epidemiologist at The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , says , "  Triclosan-containing products do n't provide any disease protection beyond what you get from washing with soap and water . " Research has shown that triclosan can disrupt the endocrine system , amplifying testosterone . In animal studies , it reduced muscle strength . It may also harm the immune system . Whether these findings add up to human toxicity is n't established yet , but the FDA is currently reviewing the issue . upwave : How to prevent getting sick when you travel A more established concern : "  When you expose bacteria to triclosan , it can elicit antibiotic resistance , " says Aiello . "  Once the resistance is transferred , -LSB- pathogenic -RSB- bacteria can become resistant to many types of antibiotics . "  Quaternary ammonium , another antibacterial found in nonalcoholic hand sanitizers , has also been shown to elicit antibiotic resistance , she says . The main concern with triclosan , however , is that it does n't protect against viruses or fungi . "  Colds are caused by viruses , not bacteria , " Aiello points out . Bottom line ? Skip it . Alcohol-based sanitizers , on the other hand , are fairly effective and safe . "  Hand sanitizers that are 60 % alcohol are good at killing bacterial pathogens , " says Bowen . They can also kill some viruses , but not all of them -- such as the noroviruses that can cause cruise-ship outbreaks . "  They 're not a panacea , but if you ca n't wash your hands , a squirt of an alcohol-based hand gel is a good idea , " she says . Adds Aiello , "  If you ca n't get to a sink quickly , an alcohol-based sanitizer is a good alternative -LSB- to washing with soap and water -RSB- . " One caveat : They do n't work on visibly dirty hands -- the alcohol ca n't get past the dirt . upwave : Get dangerous germs out of your home And that brings us back to soap and water -- which is both safe and effective . Try to suds up after you use the toilet and before you prepare food ; studies show that doing so can drastically reduce the risk of diarrhea . "  Hand-washing campaigns reduce absenteeism in schools , " says Bowen , "  and that means parents miss fewer days of work , too . " To see these effects , though , you have to wash your hands correctly . "  You need to wash for about 24 seconds to remove the bacteria and viruses from your hands , " says Aiello . "  Most people do n't wash their hands properly . You need to cover all parts of your hands , including under your nails -- and then dry your hands well . " How long is 24 seconds ? About as long as it takes to sing the "  Happy Birthday " song two times through . So feel free to do that as you suds up . This article was originally published on upwave.com	Main concern with hand sanitizers is triclosan , the main antibacterial ingredient There 's no good evidence that triclosan products have a benefit , experts say FDA is reviewing studies that show triclosan may be toxic to humans Alcohol-based sanitizers are fairly effective at killing bacterial pathogens , and safe
Winter was coming , but for many HBO Go users , it did n't arrive Sunday night as expected . A rush of viewers onto the cable network 's mobile streaming app for the season premiere of "  Game of Thrones " caused it to crash , making it inaccessible for many . "  HBO Go did experience issues due to overwhelming demand around the premiere of Game of Thrones , " the network said in a statement . HBO is a subsidiary of Time Warner , which also owns CNN . The Internet , as might be expected , was less than thrilled . "  You had one job , HBO Go ... , " wrote M.G. Siegler , a partner at Google Ventures , in a series of tweets that included an image of his screen with the persistent "  Accessing HBO Go " message . It 's the second time in less than a month that the app has been clobbered by heavy demand . The March 9 finale of HBO 's "  True Detective " saw lots of users similarly denied access . Sunday night 's problems were cleared up by 1 a.m. ET Monday -- or about the time "  Game of Thrones " was finishing up on the West Coast . "  Thanks for your patience #GOT fans . The service is now restored , " HBO posted on its Twitter account for HBO Go . While much of the social-media outcry involved Red Wedding-worthy wailing , some folks were joking about another issue that 's widely suspected but hard to quantify . "  So , like , at least 90 percent of the people trying to watch HBO GO instead of watching GOT on TV are using somebody else 's login , right ? " tweeted Linda Holmes , a writer for NPR 's pop culture blog , Monkey See . Walter Hickey , a lifestyle writer for FiveThirtyEight , joked -- we think -- about that very thing . "  Hey , come on HBO Go , " he wrote , "  one of my roommate 's parents -LSB- grandparents ? -RSB- are paying good money for this . "	HBO Go crashed for many during Sunday 's "  Game of Thrones " season premiere Service was restored by early Monday morning Some speculated that nonsubscribers were part of the problem
CNN  -- Easter has passed , and you 've finally finished cleaning the last of that weird basket-lining "  grass " from the carpet . Beginning Sunday , millions of Americans can also celebrate the resurrection of their foregone vices -- whatever treat or habit they gave up for 40 long days of Lent . After chocolate and fried foods  pound-droppage is a common additional motive  , an increasingly popular thing to give up for Lent is Facebook -- anecdotally , at least . Two of our friends tried it this year , and they both reported the break made them pretty darn happy . Collectively , Facebook 's users spend -- wait for it -- 700 billion minutes per month on the site , according to company stats . Assuming the site has 500 million active users  they 've hit 600 million but have n't updated the time-use stats on their site , so we 're working with what we got -- thanks , Zuckerberg  , that works out to 23 hours and 20 minutes per person a month -- on average . An entire day , shoom , out the window , into the sunshine that you are not enjoying because you are clicking , zombie-like , through pictures of that chick from grade school looking sweaty in a maternity suite . Now , the debate rages on : Passionate pundits on either end of the arena argue that Facebook is bringing us closer together , or , alternatively , turning us all into socially inept hermits who smell of Cheetos and squint like little voles . But while we ca n't stop the churning tides of new technology , we can decide exactly how much time to devote to staring at glowing screens . And we 'd like to recommend that , at least for a few weeks , you make that screen-time shrink . With the tulips blazing , the birds singing and the spring breeze losing its chill , now just might be the time to take a break , or at least to set some self-limits  to go from "  in a relationship " to "  it 's complicated " with the ol' FB , if you will . Here 's the shocking truth : If you stop using Facebook so often , you wo n't need it so much . See , the whole "  Facebook addict " trope is n't too far from reality : Recent research in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology suggests that browsing the site is self-reinforcing . Frequent use paradoxically can make us feel disconnected , which we then try to cure by using Facebook even more . In other words , the more you have it , the more you want it .  File that under "  ways FB is like money and sex . " The upshot -- and this is what my Facebook-eschewing friends reported -- is that after a few days away from the site , you kinda forget to miss it . One said that she 's now back on the site but using it only to check specific things , instead of burning up hours clicking through 483 wedding photos of that dude from high school whose name she otherwise would n't remember . Research backs her up : People are happier when they 're checking up on Facebook friends vs. clicking around without a target , according to a study from the University of Missouri . Just , uh , do n't let that target be a former flame and his or her adorable new significant other .  Hey , another perk of less Facebook face-time : lower odds of spotting infuriating updates from exes , rivals and frenemies . Now , if you 're thinking about closing your profile down for a spell , know that it will be warm and waiting for you when you want to come back . To temporarily hit the "  off " button , click on Account , then Deactivate . To reactivate the whole thing a week or month down the line , just log in as usual . I hear the protestation , high-pitched and keening : If I 'm not on Faaaacebook , how will I get inviiited to stuuuff ? But recall that one can share events with nonusers by simply typing in their e-mail address under "  Select Guests to Invite . " Remind your BFFs that you 're Facebook-free and the good ones , at least , will know to pop you onto the invite list to their next Kafka-inspired gallery opening/speed hair-cutting contest . What you will miss is another mass invite to that random guy 's seventh pathetic open mic performance , during which he 'll try a new ending on his jam , "  My Burning Heart Must Be Extinguished . " Somehow , I think you 'll survive . Now , admittedly , pulling the Facebook plug is not for everyone . To put it on the brown-out back-up generator instead , limit your time on the site . Minutes Please automatically pops you out of a given site after an allotted time . And browser-specific plug-ins can help you keep track of your site usage -- just Google " -LSB- your browser -RSB- track time on websites . " By our math , the average user is logging a little more than 45 minutes on Facebook a day . Cut that to 15 and poof ! Like magic , 3.5 hours emerge each week to enjoy the spring -- to play on a playground , soak up the sunshine and run around on the  real , not blue-ish shredded plastic  grass .	Facebook 's 500 + million active users spend 700 billion minutes per month on the site If you stop using Facebook so often , you wo n't need it so much To temporarily hit the "  off " button , click on Account , then Deactivate
CNN  -- Islamic militants ambushed Ethiopian forces in southern Somalia Saturday and hours-long fighting left scores of people dead . The fierce firefights killed 86 Al-Shabaab fighters , said Diyad Abdi Kalil , a commander of the transitional government in Somalia 's Gedo province . The militants ambushed the soldiers in the town of Yurkut , still under Somali control . In recent weeks , Somali government forces , backed by their Ethiopian allies , have retaken southern towns controlled by Al-Shabaab , including strategically important Baidoa . The gun battles lasted almost five hours , Kalil said , and erupted a day after the African Union announced that Ethiopia planned to withdraw its troops from Somalia by the end of April . Paddy Ankunda , spokesman for the African Union Mission in Somalia  AMISOM  said forces from Djibouti , Uganda and Burundi will replace the Ethiopians . Meanwhile , Sheikh Abu Musab , the military spokesman of Al-Shabaab claimed on a local radio station that its fighters killed 73 soldiers , mostly Ethiopians , in Saturday 's fighting . The Islamist group has waged an insurgency against the feeble Transitional Federal Government since 2007 but is now on the defensive in its heartland in southern Somalia . It announced last month that it was tightening its ties to al Qaeda and has long been considered a terrorist movement by the United States . AMISOM and government forces drove Al-Shabaab fighters from the center of the Somali capital Mogadishu last year , while Kenyan troops crossed into southern Somalia in October to hit back for a rash of kidnappings it blamed on the group . That Kenyan operation is ongoing . After it began , Ethiopian troops joined Somali government units in attacking Al-Shabaab strongholds .	Al-Shabaab fighters ambush Ethiopian forces A Somali commander says 86 militants are dead Al-Shabaab says 73 soldiers died In recent weeks , the militants have lost control of some southern Somali towns
CNN senior international correspondent Nick Paton Walsh has won an Emmy award for outstanding writing for his reports filed from Syria and Afghanistan . The award-winning reports were "  Aleppo Airstrikes , " "  Aleppo : Old City Fight , " and "  Afghan Women Self-Immolation . " In its submission to the Annual News and Documentary Emmy Awards , CNN highlighted Paton Walsh 's "  poetic writing , " saying it contrasted "  with the sobering environments from which his stories are usually drawn . " "  His reports punch through the daily accounts of wounded and dead , and give us a fresh way to see the grinding pitilessness of war , and its quirky inconsistencies , " the broadcaster said . "  Aleppo Airstrikes " is the account of indiscriminate shelling in the Syrian city of Aleppo . Walsh 's piece to camera sees him crouching as a government bomber jet flies above . "  It 's that sound that terrifies ordinary residents of Aleppo daily , " he says . Of the lone infant who survives the strike , Paton Walsh observes : "  A year old , he was born into Syria 's bloody revolution , and may yet survive it still . " In "  Aleppo : Old City Fight , " Paton Walsh goes right inside the fight for the historic old city . His report focuses on the improvised nature of the battle , with "  pot-shots at nothing in particular " and what it could mean for the wider conflict . CNN said Paton Walsh 's war reporting was "  complemented by his sensitive stories about the plight of women in the developing world . " In "  Afghan Women Self-Immolation , " the correspondent reports on an epidemic of self-immolation among young married women in Herat . The women take the drastic measure as a form of protest against the abuse they suffer at the hands of their husbands or in-laws . CNN said Paton Walsh 's "  delicate writing has a reverential tone , bestowing upon these sad burn victims in Herat the respect they seek . " Beirut-based Paton Walsh has worked for CNN since 2011 , focusing on the Middle East , Afghanistan and surrounding region . He topped five other contenders to take home the award for outstanding writing at the awards ceremony , which was held in New York , Tuesday . More recently , Paton Walsh has reported from scenes of conflict in Egypt and Turkey and from Dagestan , where he secured an interview with the parents of the alleged Boston bombers . CNN 's Anderson Cooper 360 also won an Emmy , for Outstanding News Discussion and Analysis for "  Kids On Race : The Hidden Picture , " while CNN 's 2012 U.S. election night coverage saw it honored with an Emmy for "  Outstanding Live Coverage of a Current News Story -- Long Form . " Paton Walsh 's previous awards include the British Press Awards ' Young Journalist of the Year in 2000 and Amnesty International 's Gaby Rado Award  2006  for a reporter at the start of their career for his work in the former Soviet Union . He also won Amnesty 's television award for his work in Sri Lanka in 2010 , while he was working for British broadcaster Channel 4 News . Read more from Nick Paton Walsh : Taliban tightens grip on Afghan schools Baby survives as family dies in Syrian onslaught Afghan-army style justice fails to win over locals A sniper 's bullet , a dying child , a family 's desperation Heart-rending choices in Syrian warzone	Nick Paton Walsh has reported for CNN since 2011 , focusing on the Mideast and Afghanistan The senior international correspondent has been awarded an Emmy Award The award for outstanding writing related to his reports on Syria and Afghanistan CNN also won awards for its coverage of the 2012 U.S. elections and race in America
CNN  -- It sounds far too good to be true : a salary of more than $ 100,000 , a free home on a palm-fringed island and all the snorkeling you can be bothered with . The successful applicant will have plenty of time to explore the Great Barrier Reef . However , it is true and a very clever marketing ploy to boot . Australia 's Tourism Queensland has garnered worldwide media coverage by advertising the "  best job in the world " -- the post of caretaker on Hamilton island in the Great Barrier Reef . The six-month contract , according to Tourism Queensland , comes with flexible working hours and the successful applicant 's "  key responsibilities " include exploring the area to discover what is on offer and to report back weekly via blogs , photo diaries , video updates and media interviews . Sounds taxing does n't it ? The group said other responsibilities would include cleaning the pool , which comes with your free home , feeding the fish and collecting the mail  this would be done by joining the aerial postal service for a day or two to get a good view of the neighboring islands  . You might also take time out from your busy schedule to check out the turtles and passing whales . On top of the six-figure salary you 'll get return airfares from your nearest capital city , transport on the island , travel insurance , computer and camera gear and travel to other islands in the Great Barrier Reef . No academic qualifications are required but you must be a good swimmer and enjoy snorkeling , be adventurous and have good communication skills . Where do I sign up I hear you ask ? Tourism Queensland is asking for a 60-second video explanation of why you 'd be great for the job and that you fill out their online application form at www.islandreefjob.com Applications close on February 22 , by which time you may be able to get on the Web site -- unsurprisingly it is proving very hard to load at the moment  not that I 'm trying ... that often  . Use the sound off below to tell us what your dream job would be	Tourism Queensland advertises dream island job for $ 100,000 Position requires successful applicant to explore island group Comes with free house , travel , a pool and snorkeling kit
CNN  -- David Beckham was a key figure in London 's drive to win hosting rights for the 2012 Olympics , and now the sports icon is taking on the challenge of boosting the image of China 's troubled soccer industry . The world 's most populous nation has recruited the veteran Paris Saint-Germain midfielder as a global ambassador to help promote the Chinese game both at home and abroad as it combats a serious image problem caused by recent match-fix scandals and the premature departure of two high-profile foreign imports . According to a statement released by Beckham 's management , the Chinese Football Association was drawn to the former England captain 's "  credibility as one of the most admired sportsmen and iconic figures in the world as well as his outstanding sportsmanship and professionalism . " "  I am honored to have been asked to play such an important role at this special time in Chinese football history , " declared 37-year-old Beckham , who is a worldwide celebrity following stints with Manchester United and Real Madrid in addition to his high-profile off-pitch endorsement deals . "  I 'm excited by the prospect of promoting the world 's greatest game to Chinese sports fans as I 've seen firsthand the growing interest in football there , " added Beckham , who also spent five years in Los Angeles with his former popstar wife Victoria and their four children . "  This is a wonderful sport that inspires people across the world and brings families together , so I 'm relishing the opportunity of introducing more fans to the game . " Beckham 's appointment coincides with the 20th anniversary of professional football in China , which is home to 1.3 billion people . "  We are pleased to invite Mr. Beckham to visit China at this special moment , " said a CFA official , who was not named . "  While in China , he will attend the Chinese Super League  CSL  and visit clubs to get a deeper insight into football in China . "  He will also help us to inspire and motivate many children to participate in this beautiful game . " Beckham will hope to improve the reputation of Chinese football , which has been blighted by numerous scandals . Last month Shanghai Shenhua was stripped of the CSL title it won in 2003 as part of a crackdown on match-fixing which also saw 33 lifetime bans from the sport handed out . "  There has been major corruption in the past but there have been some severe punishments of late , " Asian football writer John Duerden told CNN . "  Consequently , the situation seems to be much better . The game is cleaner and sponsors and fans have returned . "  It is hard to say that is completely clean but recent events have shown that no country can say with any certainty that it is free of corruption . " Shanghai made headlines around the world after embarking on a recruitment drive which included the signings of strikers Didier Drogba and Nicolas Anelka from English club Chelsea , which won the European Champions League last season . But the two transfers have not been the success Shenhua had hoped , despite paying both players more than $ 200,000 a week . Drogba recently signed an 18-month contract with Turkish club Galatasaray after just 10 months in China , while Anelka joined Italian champions Juventus on a five-month loan deal in January . "  It put China in the international news and excited fans back home , " Duerden said of the duo 's move to Shanghai last year . "  It was good for the brand of the country 's football , especially at home . Other stars followed in their footsteps ... the two just went to the wrong club , perhaps the worst-run club in China . " Despite recent controversies and the departures -- both permanent and temporary -- of Anelka and Drogba , Duerden suggests the reputation and popularity of the CSL is on the rise . "  The popularity of the Chinese Super League is growing , " he said . "  There is a lot of money there , the facilities are good and the attendances are the highest in Asia . There 's still a long way to go but it 's growing . " Part of Beckham 's new role will be to encourage China 's youth to embrace soccer at a time when the country 's government is attempting to grow the sport . "  In schools , a massive program has just started to help train Chinese kids for the first time , " Duerden said . "  It is a systematic approach and well-funded . It remains to be seen how successful it is but it certainly ca n't do any harm . "	Soccer star David Beckham appointed ambassador for Chinese football Paris Saint-Germain player will help to promote the game in China and abroad Chinese football has been hit by high-profile match-fixing scandals Didier Drogba and Nicolas Anelka recently left Chinese club Shanghai Shenhua
Manama , Bahrain  CNN  -- A crush of protesters covered the streets of Bahrain 's capital Tuesday in an anti-regime protest . Tens of thousands of people marched in the biggest anti-government rally since the public disturbances in the island nation erupted last week , and chants of "  No Shia , No Sunni , only Bahraini " and "  The regime must go " rang through the multitudes tramping across the center of Manama . The turnout was led by ambulance workers involved in rescuing some of those injured in the assault by security forces last Thursday on the Pearl Roundabout , which has been the epicenter of the Shiite-dominated protest movement . The rally -- which comes after thousands of people attended a funeral for a protester slain last week -- was a massive display of popular scorn toward an embattled government working to forge stability . But it unfolded amid major gestures by the kingdom . King Hamad touted a "  national dialogue " and urged Bahrainis "  to engage in this new process " and "  move away from polarization , " a government statement said Tuesday . The king has held meetings with opposition members , community leaders and businesspeople "  from all sections of society " to pave the way for a formalized dialogue process . "  The national dialogue is aimed at bringing to everyone in Bahrain the opportunity to contribute to Bahrain 's future path of reform , " the statement said . The kingdom also ordered the release of a number of prisoners and closed cases against several Shiite leaders accused of plotting against the kingdom , the country 's state news agency reported Tuesday . That cleared the way for Hassan Mushaimaa , leader of Bahrain 's largest opposition party , the Haq Movement , to return to the country from London . His aides said he was expected in Bahrain later Tuesday . Mushaimaa 's Haq Movement is more hard-line than the opposition Wefaq party , which includes 18 people in the 40-member parliament . Many members of his movement are opposed to the government monarchy , but Mushaimaa said he will support the protesters whether they want a "  new system in a constitutional kingdom " or want "  to change the regime . " Mushaimaa , who had been living in exile , had previously been detained by the government for campaigning for more democratic rights in the island monarchy . Bahrain last year asked the international police agency Interpol for help in arresting Mushaimaa , whom the government accused of a terrorist plot to destroy state buildings and of planning a coup . But the king 's decision closed the books on the case against Mushaimaa , giving him the freedom to return without fear of arrest . An aide told CNN that Mushaimaa has been held up in Beirut , where he was stopped and held by airport security and questioned for hours . The aide believes that this was because of the arrest warrant in September on charges of wanting to overthrow the government and he said that perhaps the wanted lists for Arab states have n't been updated . The king also is working to "  ensure that sectarianism does not take root in Bahrain . " Young members of the country 's Shiite Muslim majority have staged violent protests in recent years to complain about discrimination , unemployment and corruption , issues they say the country 's Sunni rulers have done little to address . Protesters initially took to the streets of Manama last week to demand reform and the introduction of a constitutional monarchy . But some are now calling for the removal of the royal family , which has led the Persian Gulf state since the 18th century . There were outbursts of government assaults on peaceful protesters last week , acts that drew international condemnation . The Bahraini government statement said that seven people had died during protests in the nation and 25 people remained hospitalized . Protesters had given a higher death toll , placing the figure at 10 or 11 . Thousands of additional protesters moved into Pearl Roundabout on Monday , a growing gathering that has taken on an air of permanence since government forces retreated on Saturday and demonstrators reoccupied the symbolic location . Tents , some of them outfitted with furniture and occupied by entire families , dot the epicenter of the Bahrain protest movement -- a setting similar to the one in Tahrir Square in Cairo , where Egyptians staged daily demonstrations that led to the removal of President Hosni Mubarak . The Bahrain Center for Human Rights says authorities launched a clampdown on dissent in late 2010 . It accused the government of torturing some human rights activists .	Thousands demonstrate in Bahrain The government releases a new death toll figure The king releases some prisoners and closes cases against several Shiite leaders The move clears the way for return of an opposition leader
Levi Strauss CEO Chip Bergh has some unusual style advice for 501 fans : Step away from the washing machine . The denim honcho shared the words of wisdom this week at Fortune 's Brainstorm Green conference in Laguna Niguel , California . "  These jeans are maybe a year old and these have yet to see a washing machine , " he said of the pair he wore during a chat onstage . "  I know that sounds totally disgusting . " He recommended spot cleaning jeans with a sponge or toothbrush and a bit of detergent , then air drying . He says you should very seldom machine wash . "  If you treat them right , they 'll last a long , long time -- probably longer than most people 's waistline . " He added that less washing equals greater environmental sustainability . It 's not new advice . Designer Tommy Hilfiger has made similar comments . And CNN 's Anderson Cooper told style expert Stacy London two years ago that he washes his jeans very rarely . Jeans aficionados may be accustomed to hearing some unusual tips on keeping their denim products fresh . Advice ranges from spot cleaning jeans and never washing them to freezing them to kill any germs . Jolie Kerr , who writes a column called "  Ask a Clean Person , " says it depends on your lifestyle and hygiene preferences . "  Consider how you 're wearing your jeans and make laundering decisions accordingly , " said Kerr , who recently released the book "  My Boyfriend Barfed in My Handbag ... and Other Things You Ca n't Ask Martha . " "  The way you 'd care for a pair of jeans that you wear for yardwork versus ones you 'd wear out dancing should be different -- the function should dictate how you treat a pair of jeans . " Opinion : The great jean debate - freeze 'em or wash 'em ?	Levi Strauss CEO Chip Bergh says we should n't machine wash jeans Bergh shared the advice at a recent conference He said spot cleaning works , and he has n't washed his jeans in a year
CNN  What does it take to help a single dolphin entangled in fishing line ? In the recent case of a dolphin calf rescued off the eastern coast of Florida , about two days of effort involving seven boats and 35 people from 12 institutions and organizations . And that was after four weeks spent finding him and evaluating his situation to see whether it warranted intervention . With spring approaching , marine experts say it 's a good reminder to look after your belongings when you take to the water . From plastic bags to swimming trunks to crab pots , marine life can get entangled in all manner of human debris . With limited time and resources , experts ca n't save them all . "  You really want to make sure you keep all your hands on your stuff , " said Elizabeth Stratton , National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Fisheries ' assistant marine mammal stranding coordinator for the southeast region . "  We feel a special responsibility in cases where an animal 's health is in danger because of debris introduced by humans , " said Stratton , who was involved in last week 's rescue . So where does an intervention begin ? A couple spotted the calf off the coast of Fort Pierce with monofilament line wrapped around his rostrum , or snout . The mammal was riding the wake of their boat . They reported it January 18 to the Harbor Branch Oceanographic Institution , which set out to find the calf and his mother . The group found the pair and took more pictures , which were sent to the NOAA Fisheries on February 9 for evaluation . The photos revealed monofilament line wrapped around the calf 's upper jaw , cutting into the tissue to the bone , threatening his ability to eat or possibly leading to infection . Veterinarians who reviewed the photos deemed the injuries potentially life-threatening . "  We ca n't disentangle every animal , " Stratton said , "  but If it comes back as life-threatening , we mobilize to do disentanglement . " The next step was to find the creatures again . Through characteristics on the mother 's dorsal fin , the group was able to identify her through records on file and target her home range for a search . After a two-day search , the group found the dolphins on Friday and approached for intervention . The process took about an hour , from netting the calf and his mother to sending them on their way , Stratton said . Apart from the fishing line both mother and son were in good condition . Rescuers gave the calf a long-lasting antibiotic and radio-tagged the mother before releasing them to the ocean "  where they belong , " Stratton said . The moral of the story for humans : "  Be conscious of your gear . " To report an injured marine mammal , call 877-WHALEHELP  877-942-5343  .	It took about four weeks and an hour for rescuers to help a dolphin calf Fishing line was wrapped around its rostrum Dolphin was rescued off the eastern coast of Florida
New York  CNN  -- A federal judge has blocked New York City from acquiring footage produced by documentary filmmaker Ken Burns about a 1989 rape case concerning five wrongfully convicted men . U.S. Magistrate Judge Ronald L. Ellis ruled Tuesday that the city had not shown enough reason to trump press freedoms when it requested interviews and unreleased footage from the Burns ' film "  The Central Park Five . " The men have since been exonerated . The city had asked for the footage as part of an attempt to defend itself against a decade-long , multimillion-dollar federal lawsuit the men have since filed in the racially charged case . Lawyers for New York City filed a subpoena demanding that Burns and his production company , Florentine Films , give them the unpublished interviews and unreleased footage not used in the documentary , which premiered at the Cannes Film Festival in 2012 . "  While journalistic privilege under the law is very important , we firmly believe it did not apply here . It is our view that we should be able to view the complete interviews , not just those portions that the filmmakers chose to include , " city attorney Celeste Koeleveld said . Burns , his daughter , Sarah Burns , her husband David McMahon , who co-wrote and produced the film , along with their production company , fought the subpoena primarily on the ground that the city 's argument was not strong enough to trump reporter 's privilege codified in the New York Shield Law , which protects journalists and their sources . In a statement , Burns said , "  David McMahon , Sarah Burns and I are grateful for this important decision ; we feel the judge made exactly the right ruling . We are also mindful that this ruling goes far beyond our current situation ; this adds a layer of important protection to journalists and filmmakers everywhere . " On April 19 , 1989 , a 28-year-old white Wall Street investment banker was jogging through Central Park when she was brutally assaulted , raped and left for dead . That same night a group of black and Latino boys had been in the park , throwing rocks at cars . In the ensuing months , the investigation lead to the arrest of five of the boys -- Yusef Salaam , Antron McCray , Raymond Santana , Kharey Wise and Kevin Richardson -- who were later charged and convicted . In 2002 , three of the convicted young men had finished their prison terms , one was on parole and the fifth was in jail on an unrelated offense when Matias Reyes , a serial rapist and murderer , confessed to the crime and said he had acted alone . DNA analysis later determined that Reyes did rape the jogger and that hair evidence used in the boys ' trials did not match .	U.S. magistrate judge rules city had not shown enough reason to trump press freedoms City asked for the footage to use to defend itself against a federal lawsuit "  The Central Park five " were convicted of raping 28-year-old woman in 1989 The men have since been exonerated and have filed the lawsuit
CNN  -- Rescue workers in northern India are scrambling to save tens of thousands of people left stranded by devastating floods that have killed as many as 150 people in the region . One government official described the flooding as a "  Himalayan tsunami . " Triggered by unusually early and heavy monsoon rains , the floods have swept away buildings , roads and vehicles in the mountainous state of Uttarakhand , which borders Nepal and China . The neighboring state of Uttar Pradesh has also been hit . "  Our hearts go out to the families of those who have lost their lives and those who have suffered injury or loss of property in this huge tragedy , " said Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who carried out an aerial survey of the affected areas in Uttarakhand on Wednesday . With bad weather hampering rescue efforts and some areas still under water , officials are struggling to gauge the scale of the disaster . "  Very heavy casualties are feared and I can not give the exact number without a proper survey , " said Uttarakhand Chief Minister Vijay Bahuguna , according to CNN 's sister network CNN-IBN . He described the severe flooding as a "  Himalayan tsunami . " Singh said Wednesday that estimates put the number of people killed in the floods at 102 , but added that "  it is feared that loss of lives could eventually be much higher . " A local official in Uttarakhand , Om Prakash , said that the death toll in the state had reached 150 , but cautioned that he was n't able to give an exact estimate since some villages were still inundated , CNN-IBN reported Thursday . More than 60,000 people remain stranded , the network said . Flooding hits holy site With Hindu shrines set amid its stunning scenery , Uttarakhand is often referred to as "  the Land of Gods . " At the heart of the recent devastation is the town of Kedarnath , the home of a deeply revered Hindu temple that attracts many pilgrims . Images from the area have shown the centuries-old holy town , which sits in a deep valley , swamped with mud and rocks . Rescue workers reached the town Wednesday and evacuated hundreds of people to safer areas , CNN-IBN reported , but thousands more remain stuck there . The temple is intact , but shops and other buildings surrounding it have been severely damaged , it said . "  The maximum damage has been in Kedarnath and its vicinity , " Singh said . Extreme weather The worst of the heavy rain came in the past few days in a region of India where the monsoon does n't usually arrive for another month , according to Pedram Javaheri , a CNN International meteorologist . "  Some areas have seen more than twice their average monthly rainfall totals , " he said . It 's "  the fastest India 's ever seen the onset of the monsoon season . " The conditions have now improved somewhat , Javaheri said , predicting that the rain "  should be scattered in nature for the next couple of days at least . " The weather has also brought chaos further south , in the Indian capital , New Delhi , where the Yamuna River has reached its highest level since 2010 , according to CNN-IBN . Flood waters have flowed out into parts of Delhi , inundating streets , shops and homes . Some water from the river has spilled out onto the city 's Outer Ring Road , potentially disrupting traffic , CNN-IBN reported Thursday . Authorities have relocated more than 5,000 people from affected areas , the network said , citing Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit as saying the situation is under control . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	NEW : More than 60,000 people are estimated to be stranded NEW : It 's the fastest ever onset of the monsoon season in India , meteorologist says Heavy rain has set off floods that have swept away houses and roads A local official puts the death toll at 150 , but says some villages are still under water
FREDERICK , Maryland  CNN  -- Andrew Stein , 10 , and his brother , Nathan , 7 , are having a typical end-of-summer vacation : hanging out at the pool , visiting their grandparents and waiting for the beginning of school . Nathan Stein , 7 , said getting some shots was worth it to help other kids . But this week they 're doing something most of their classmates will never do . The Stein brothers will be testing the new vaccine to prevent swine flu . Because the younger population , from 6 months to 24 years , is at high risk of developing complications from the H1N1 virus , the National Institutes of Health is conducting a clinical trial specifically to make sure the vaccine is safe for children . Vaccine developers hope to get the doses out by mid-October , before the flu season really shifts into high gear . Although both boys dislike needles , they are willing to make the sacrifice . "  One boy that I knew at our school died from a type of the flu , " said Andrew , frowning . "  So I wanted to prevent that as much as I could . " The boys , who live in the suburbs between Baltimore , Maryland , and Washington , got their first inoculations at the vaccine satellite office in Frederick , Maryland . The trial is being conducted by the University of Maryland School of Medicine , one of 11 institutions across the country holding pediatric trials . Researchers will test the boys ' blood , have them keep journals and make sure they have no severe reactions after each vaccine . The pediatric studies are divided into two groups within the United States . Half the sites will be comparing reactions between the H1N1 shot and the seasonal influenza vaccines on kids ; the others will be looking at the effectiveness of a two-dose vaccine . The Steins are enrolled in the dosage trial . The data are crucial for developing a safe vaccine , said Dr. Karen Kotloff , who heads both the pediatric and adult trials at Maryland . "  The purpose of the studies we are doing is to try to collect information that will help to inform policymakers about the best way to give the pandemic H1N1 flu vaccine , " she said . "  Whether we need one or two doses and what strength we need . " Before they received their shots , both boys , along with their parents , Christy and Eric Stein , got an explanation of the procedure and were warned about possible complications . Nancy Wymer , who coordinates the study , says the boys will receive two inoculations over six weeks and will continue to check in periodically over the following six months . Dr. Sanjay Gupta reports on the H1N1 clinical trial " Neither brother gave more than a grimace as he rolled up his sleeve and took a shot for science . Andrew Stein said it was no big deal . "  It was in and out , in a couple of seconds . " Why would parents have their children be part of such a trial ? Most say to help other children . Christy Stein was involved in a pediatric trial for the swine flu vaccine in 1976 and understands what her sons are going through . But she also believes it 's good for the country 's public health . "  I trust the people who are running the study , " she said . "  And I 'm not concerned about it at all . " The studies are based on other influenza trials in the past . Many parents have already volunteered their children but openings still exist . Children 6 months to 35 months are needed , Kotloff said . "  Like with any shot , children may have a sore arm . Your arm can be red ... There might be some fever or achiness , but the symptoms go away in a couple of days . "  There can be allergic reactions , mostly rashes , but in some rare circumstances there can be severe allergic reactions , " she added . "  Each volunteer is informed about these possibilities , so it 's up to the parents to make that choice . " The 11 main sites across the U.S , in nine states , are currently recruiting children for the vaccine trials . The two-dose vaccine tests are being conducted at the University of Maryland Baltimore ; Duke University in Durham , North Carolina ; Children 's Mercy Hospital in Kansas City , Missouri ; Children 's Hospital and Regional Medical Center in Seattle , Washington ; and Vanderbilt University in Nashville , Tennessee . And the trial comparing H1N1 and seasonal flu vaccines is at Hope Clinic , Emory University in Atlanta , Georgia ; St. Louis University in Missouri ; the University of Iowa in Iowa City ; Cincinnati Children 's Hospital Medical Center in Cincinnati , Ohio ; Baylor College of Medicine in Houston , Texas ; and the University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston . Each location has a Web site to sign up if more children are needed . Andrew and Nathan are doing fine . They will keep a diary on how they feel and what , if any , reactions they have . Each was rewarded with a $ 40 gift card for his trouble . And even after being stuck with a couple of needles , Nathan Stein says it was worth it . "  Not just for the gift card , " he said , "  but for being able to help other kids . "	National Institutes of Health has specific H1N1 vaccine trials for children People 6 months to 24 years at high risk of developing H1N1 complications Studies compare H1N1 and seasonal shots , look at dosage Doctor : Data gathered will be crucial for proving vaccine safe for kids
CNN  -- World No. 1 Rory McIlroy has put himself in pole position to win the $ 10 million FedEx Cup jackpot by claiming his second successive playoff event on Sunday . The Northern Irishman followed up last Monday 's win at the Deutsche Bank Championship by winning the BMW Championship by two shots , despite bogeying his last hole at Crooked Stick in Indiana . It was the 23-year-old 's third win in four starts , a run which started with his second major triumph at last month 's PGA Championship . He has pocketed more than $ 4.2 million from those victories and $ 7.8 million on the PGA Tour this season . It is a far cry from earlier this year , when he missed three halfway cuts in four events , including his U.S. Open title defense , and then tied for 60th at the British Open . BMW Championship final scores "  I 'm just on a great run at the moment , " said McIlroy , who became the fourth player to win two playoff events in the same year . "  I 'm playing well , I 'm confident -- just hope to keep it going . "  It 's great to be able to win events like this where the quality of the field is so good . " McIlroy will lead second-placed Tiger Woods by more than 3,000 points going into the deciding Tour Championship at Atlanta starting on September 20 , when the top 30 players from the playoffs will line up . McIlroy still has work to do to clinch the title , however , as Woods , third-placed Nick Watney , Phil Mickelson and fifth-placed Brandt Snedeker can all overtake him by winning at East Lake . He went into the final round tied for second with European Ryder Cup teammate Lee Westwood , one shot behind veterans Mickelson and Vijay Singh . McIlroy shot a five-under-par 67 , while Westwood carded 69 and Mickelson 70 to share second on 18-under 270 . Woods closed with 68 to finish another shot back tied for fourth with fellow American Robert Garrigus , whose 69 helped lift him from 31st to 20th in the playoff standings . The 49-year-old Singh will not have the chance to try to emulate his 2008 FedEx Cup success as the Fijian fell to 33rd in the table after fading with a final-round 73 to finish eighth on 15 under . Defending champion Bill Haas also missed out after a disastrous 78 left the American tied for 45th and 32nd overall . Ryan Moore was the only other player from outside the top 30 to clinch a place at the decider , with American carding 70 to tie for 10th and move up from 35th to 28th .	Rory McIlroy wins BMW Championship by two shots at Crooked Stick on Sunday World No. 1 triumphs for the third time in four starts , having earned more than $ 4.2 million He tops the FedEx Cup standings ahead of deciding Tour Championship this month McIlroy is one of five players who can win $ 10 million jackpot at East Lake
CNN  -- Remember when the movies held the impending extinction of human life on the planet as a worst-case scenario -- something that could and would be heroically averted , if only at the last second ? Nowadays , the end times are only the beginning : an apocalyptic backdrop is something we 're going to be seeing a lot of this year , so we might as well get used to it . In the glossy , derivative , ambitious and fatally underpowered "  Oblivion , " Tom Cruise is the last guy on Earth . He 's Jack , a technician -- a mechanic , really -- whose job is to fix broken down drones  in a cute touch he sticks the first one back together with chewing gum  . In other words , he 's a bit like WALL-E , and Andrea Riseborough is his latter day Eve . They live in a billion-dollar birdhouse perched up above the clouds , and in a quaintly chauvinist set up , he reconnoiters the skies in a flashy starfighter prototype , while she sits at an interstellar telephone exchange and relays the commands of mission controller Sally  an irritatingly twangy Melissa Leo  from on high . See , the remainder of the human race has taken refuge on a giant spaceship  it looks like a floating audio speaker , something that would n't be out of place on the cover of an '80s progressive rock album  . The plan is to scoot over to Saturn just as soon as they have sucked up enough hydropower from the Earth 's oceans to fuel the journey . But why ? Well , because of the alien invaders who destroyed the moon and threw the biosphere out of whack , that 's why . As Cruise mournfully intones in the movie 's lugubrious prologue , we won the war , but lost the planet . That 's what the drones are for : to kill off the last remaining hostiles , or "  scavs , " who have taken refuge on the edge of the radioactive wastelands that cover most of the globe . That 's more than enough backstory , I know , but there 's much more to come out , even as Jack goes about his daily routine , tracking down lost drones , revisiting ruined New York landmarks  the top of the Empire State Building now sits at ground level on a sea of dust  , and occasionally going AWOL himself to grapple with fragmentary memories of a beautiful girl  Olga Kurylenko  , and a lost world he has no right to remember . The story is officially credited to an unpublished comic book by the film 's director , Joseph Kosinski . But if you poured all the most memorable sci-fi films from the past half century into a blender , from "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " and the original "  Planet of the Apes " all the way down to last year 's "  Prometheus , " you would probably wind up with something very similar and equally synthetic -- though quite possibly more exciting . While he immerses us in an often dazzling futurescape , for the most part Kosinski  "  Tron : Legacy "  lacks the poetic imagination to animate this requiem for a dying world -- comparisons with "  WALL-E " are certainly not to this film 's advantage -- and fails to convince us that he genuinely cares about the fate of his characters , let alone the planet . The movie 's few action scenes are competent but unlikely to wow any battle-seasoned gamers out there . Kosinski does produce one rabbit from his hat , a real surprise late in the game that sends the movie for a loop , but also undermines a good deal of the credibility he 's worked hard to build up over the preceding hour and a half or so . Like "  Prometheus , " this is another of those earnest , overdetermined spiritual allegories that falls apart in the rear-view mirror . It is certainly nice to look at though . Director of photography Claudio Miranda was last seen picking up an Academy Award for his breathtaking work on "  Life of Pi , " and his images of an Earth turned to ash are almost as alluring . They 're enough to lend the picture a sense of scope and even grandeur , but they ca n't paper over the cracks running right through its core . "  Oblivion " shoots for the moon and falls short .	"  Oblivion " is a Tom Cruise sci-fi film ; he stars as the last guy on Earth Critic Tom Charity says movie is shot beautifully but does n't deliver Director lacks the poetic imagination to animate this requiem , Charity says
London , England  CNN  -- James Pallotta has already begun a Roman revolution -- now he wants Italian football to take over the world . The president of high-flying club Roma believes playing a Serie A league game abroad during the regular season could provide huge benefits in the long term , especially if it helps crack the lucrative American and Asian markets . The 56-year-old has been pondering the idea ever since news emerged that the English Premier League was considering playing matches outside the UK in a bid to connect with fans around the world . And with Serie A struggling to match the entertainment of the Premier League , the German Bundesliga or Spain 's La Liga , Pallotta is keen for Italian football to strike back -- although he concedes he may struggle to convince other club owners . "  I 'd love to take Italian football abroad , " Pallotta told CNN in an exclusive interview Thursday . "  I do n't know how it would work with Serie A with the home games , and you 'd have to figure that out , but I 'd love to play a bunch of games abroad or in Boston . "  I 'm not saying what form it should take , but we 'd be willing to listen about playing a game in some place . "  I do n't know it it would be a 39th game or part of the 38 games , but I do n't think it 's a bad idea to get your product out there . " In 2011 , Roma became the first Serie A club to be bought by foreign owners -- a U.S. consortium led by Thomas DiBenedetto , a partner in the Fenway Sports Group that also owns English club Liverpool and baseball 's Boston Red Sox . Pallotta was one of the new investors , and succeeded DiBenedetto as president the following year . The club has not won the Serie A scudetto since 2001 , but was runner-up last season . That success has continued this season , with Roma second in Serie A after five victories from six games and in a good position to qualify from the group stage of the European Champions League . A preseason tour to the U.S. helped underline Roma 's new commercial pulling power across America but it is in Asia where Pallotta has been pleasantly surprised . The club has organized a reality TV series with a Chinese company in which a group of children undergoes trials and plays matches before being picked to travel to Italy and train with Roma 's youth team . Italy already has a presence in China , with the preseason Super Cup being played in Beijing in 2009 , 2011-12 . "  We 're looking worldwide because that 's where our fans are , " Pallotta said of the club 's marketing strategy . "  We sent our youth team to Vietnam this past year and 25,000 people turned up to see them . "  Can you imagine what would have happened if we 'd sent  veteran club legend  Francesco Totti ? "  The U.S. is clearly important to us , Asia is huge for us . We have an enormous amount of fans in Indonesia -- we do n't know why yet but we 're trying to learn . "  In terms of Facebook , Indonesia was our second biggest market . "	President of Roma hopes that Serie A will hold a league game outside Italy James Pallotta says the club has a growing fanbase in Asia Preseason tour of the United States encouraged him that Italian game can grow Roma is the first Italian top-flight club to have foreign ownership
CNN  -- I met Dr. Doug Stein while making a documentary about my own complex journey through fatherhood . His vasectomy missions to Third World countries inspired me to launch both a movement and to become his 25,000 th client . I have made many films around the world about angry and alienated men who , lacking positive ways to express their innate power and potential , inflict brutality on women and children . In contrast , observing men on the day they make a conscious choice to exit the gene pool reveals the sex 's vulnerability and thoughtfulness . To transform this positive choice into a global movement , Stein and I created the first World Vasectomy Day in 2013 -- and set out to inspire 100 doctors in 25 countries to do 1,000 vasectomies . From a medical perspective , a vasectomy is a simple procedure that takes about 15 minutes . The doctor severs the vas deferens and then seals up both ends , thus preventing sperm from reaching your semen . It has a less than 1 % failure rate , compared with 18 % for condoms , making it an important option for men whose families are complete . And yet , even though modern techniques require neither needle nor scalpel , and for the vast majority of men it takes only a few days to recover , it 's still a tough sell . Yes , there are places , like New Zealand , where 20 % of men choose vasectomies , but there are countries where the rate is less than 1 % . But if ease and effectiveness do n't convince a man of the benefits of vasectomy , there are many compelling sociological and health reasons as well . For example , 51 % of pregnancies in the United States are unintended , and these pregnancies come with adverse maternal and child health outcomes , such as delayed prenatal care and an increased risk of premature birth . Poverty and family are also correlated , with double the incidence of poverty in nine-member households than in four-member households . And with all the controversy surrounding abortion , there 's no better way to avoid one than a vasectomy . Sadly , while men waffle on the sidelines , more than 300 million women have had tubal ligations -- six times the number of men having vasectomies , even though tubal ligations are more invasive , costly and risky . While both procedures are almost equally effective , tubal failures can result in ectopic pregnancies , a leading cause of maternal mortality . With all these reasons , you 'd think for men who no longer wish to have children choosing a family planning option that is permanent , safe and secure would be a no-brainer . But if logic , guilt or fairness did the trick , we 'd be living on a planet much further away than Mars . The Swahili language uses the same word for "  vasectomy " and "  castration " and that sums up what so many men believe . And it 's not just men . Many women would agree with a friend of mine , who once suggested vasectomies change a man 's status from alpha male to alpha-lite . Fear and good information might get a man to wear a condom , but World Vasectomy Day needed compelling stories and there was no shortage of them . There were men who traveled hundreds of miles to have the procedure for their wives , and those who did it to help their children emerge from poverty . These men , who rise up and shoulder responsibility for family planning -- although still the minority -- serve as our inspiration . In my travels , I met men in their 20s who know they do n't want children and men in their 70s who do . There was an Iraq War veteran who asked , "  Why am I considered old enough to die or kill for my country , but not old enough to decide about children ? " These are tough questions . Stein suggested he preserve some sperm . On World Vasectomy Day , we do n't decide who should or should not get a vasectomy , but we do insist that it be voluntary . We acknowledge there is a small chance that a vasectomy can cause long lasting pain , and we certainly have great sympathy for these men . A recent study also suggests a possible link between prostate cancer and vasectomies . It 's important to note that there are many other studies that suggest otherwise . The bottom line is that all methods of birth control come with some element of risk . The unfair part is that it 's women who take it on almost exclusively for one third of their lives . For all our efforts to inspire men , it was n't until we empowered the urologists and vasectomists who perform these procedures that our movement took off . Providing vasectomies is not easy or always accepted , but on Friday , there will be approximately 300 skilled doctors from 30 countries participating in what will be the largest male-oriented family planning event in history . What we learned in creating World Vasectomy Day bodes well for our future . Men reveal the best of who we are when we work together to serve a greater purpose , one that honors ourselves , our families and our future . The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the author .	A doctor and filmmaker team up to create World Vasectomy Day World Vasectomy Day encourages men to take responsibility for family planning Tubal ligations for women are more invasive and risky than vasectomies , filmmaker says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Rapper and actor Clifford Smith , better known to fans as Method Man , was arrested Monday and faces charges of failing to pay taxes , the district attorney in Richmond County , New York , said . Clifford Smith , better known as Method Man , failed to file tax returns and owes $ 33,000 , authorities say . Smith , 38 , owes the state nearly $ 33,000 for New York State income tax returns that he did not file between 2004 and 2007 , district attorney Daniel Donovan Jr. said in a statement . The Grammy-winning rapper , an original member of the Wu-Tang Clan , was arrested at his home on Staten Island . He faces a felony charge of repeated failure to file taxes and a misdemeanor charge of failure to pay tax . The felony carries a sentence of up to four years in prison . Smith was to appear at an arraignment in Staten Island Criminal Court on Monday . Smith 's attorney Peter Frankel was not immediately available to comment .	Clifford Smith , aka Method Man , did n't file state income tax returns , authorities say State of New York says he owes $ 33,000 for 2004-2007 Felony charges carry four-year prison sentence
Baghdad  CNN  -- A barrage of attacks struck Monday across Iraq , killing at least 84 people and wounding more than 200 , said officials , who likened the attacks to another outbreak last year . "  Once again , murderers and criminals have carried out attacks against innocent civilians to add a new page to their black criminal record , " Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said in a written statement . He called on security forces to "  not let the killers catch their breath , " and to pursue them "  until they finish them . " Some of the 21 reported bombings and shootings targeted police and security forces , while others targeted civilians . It was the worst wave of violence to strike the country in months , taking place on the halfway mark of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . "  Today 's attacks are eerily similar to the stream of large-scale , complex attacks that occurred here last year during Ramadan on August 25 , " said Maj. Angela Funaro , spokeswoman for United States Forces-Iraq . Officials believe last year 's attacks were carried out by al Qaeda in Iraq "  to shake the public 's confidence in the capabilities of the ISF  Iraqi Security Forces  to defend this country , " but it is too early to speculate about who may have been behind Monday 's attacks , Funaro said in an e-mail . A posting Monday on a jihadist website praised the attacks against "  Shiites , Christians , and the apostate Awakening Councils . " The post did not include a claim of responsibility . Awakening Councils are made up of former Sunni militants now in the pay of the Iraqi government , which have been credited with helping reduce violence . They are also frequent targets of assassination attempts . The attacks come weeks after Iraq 's political leaders agreed to request U.S. troops stay beyond a January 1 , 2012 , deadline to withdraw . While the United States pulled its combat troops last year , between 46,000 and 50,000 troops have remained to provide support and training . The United States is widely expected to agree to some kind of limited extension of training personnel and equipment . Last week , Muqtada al-Sadr , the influential Iraqi Shiite cleric staunchly opposed to U.S. troop presence , warned against the prospects of a "  challenge " with any U.S. forces that may stay in Iraq . His Mehdi army militia was a major factor in the sectarian violence that erupted during the height of the war . Al-Maliki said Monday 's attacks "  can not undermine the resolve of our citizens and our armed forces . " Monday 's violence ended a period of calm that began about the same time as Ramadan . Ministry of Interior officials called on security forces to ban people from parking their vehicles on the streets of cities targeted in the attacks , saying they feared more violence . In Tikrit , north of Baghdad , officials imposed a curfew on vehicles until further notice after a fatal suicide attack , officials with the Interior Ministry said . Funaro said Iraq forces requested U.S. assistance only in Tikrit , and added that U.S. forces "  are prepared to assist in any capacity " in line with the security agreement in place . Two suicide bombers targeted security forces in Tikrit -- Saddam Hussein 's hometown -- killing at least four policemen and wounding 11 , the two officials said . The deadliest of Monday 's attacks was a double bombing that targeted civilians on a busy street in central Iraq , authorities said . At least 37 people were killed when a car bomb followed by a roadside bomb exploded on the commercial street in Kut during morning rush hour , according to health officials and police , who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to release the information to the media . Sixty-five people were wounded in the attack , Dr. Dhiya al-Deen Jalil , the head of the health directorate in Kut , told CNN . In Twareej , near the southern holy city of Karbala , a car bomb exploded near a police station , killing at least eight people and wounding 20 , two officials at the Interior Ministry told CNN . The officials also spoke on condition of anonymity for the same reason as the police . A string of explosions rocked Baghdad , killing at least three people and wounding 34 , the officials said . Among the attacks were two car bombings that targeted an Iraqi army patrol and an Education Ministry convoy , the officials said . In Yusufiya , about 35 kilometers south of Baghdad , gunmen wearing Iraqi army uniforms entered a Sunni mosque around 9:30 p.m. and summoned seven worshipers by name to step outside the mosque and form a line , said an Interior Ministry official who was not authorized to speak to the news media . The gunmen then fatally shot the seven , who were members of a local Awakening Council . A bomb in a parked car in Najaf killed 11 people and wounded 50 . Another parked car bomb in Kirkuk killed one person and wounded eight . A motorcycle rigged with explosives detained at an Iraqi police patrol in central Kirkuk wounded seven people . In Baquba , a suicide car bomb , another car bomb , and a shooting attack killed 13 people . Four roadside bombs exploded in Mosul , wounding five people . In the Sunni-dominated Anbar province , a man building a bomb in his house in Falluja inadvertently detonated it , killing his own 5-year-old son and wounding his wife and three other children , police and health officials in Falluja said . The man was later arrested . While violence in Iraq has fallen off in recent years , there has been an increase in attacks targeting civilians and U.S. and Iraqi security forces in recent months . Stuart Bowen , the U.S. official in charge of overseeing reconstruction in Iraq , said the country was more dangerous last month than it was the year before , according to an agency report to Congress in July . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	84 are killed and more than 200 wounded , according to reports from across Iraq 20 bombings and shooting attacks are reported Al-Maliki tells security forces to pursue the killers "  until they finish them " A jihadist website has a post praising the attacks , but no claim of responsibility
CNN  -- Sometimes it 's hard to know what to believe about Mario Balotelli . His two years in England with Manchester City were packed with reports of his eccentric behaviour , from setting his bathroom alight with fireworks  before being named a fire safety spokesman  to a training brawl with his club manager , giving money away to strangers ... the list was endless . And now Italian sports paper Gazzetta dello Sport has reported firstly , on Friday , that the soccer star has been named as one of Time 's 100 most influential people of 2012  though there is no evidence of that on the magazine 's website  and then , on the way to a game on Sunday , he was caught smoking in the toilet of a train , which will cost him a fine . What is certain is that Balotelli , who appeared on the cover of Time Europe last November , will miss a crucial game next weekend that will have a major impact on his club AC Milan 's hopes of automatically qualifying for next season 's Champions League . The 22-year-old was booked in third-placed Milan 's 2-2 draw with fellow European hopefuls Fiorentina , for trying to delay an opposition free-kick with 20 minutes to play . The fourth-placed home side -- at that point 2-1 down and playing with 10 men since before halftime after Nenad Tomovic was sent off for elbowing Balotelli 's strike partner Stephan El Shaarawy -- fought back to equalize through a late penalty by David Pizarro . It was Fiorentina 's second spot-kick , with Adam Ljajic having reduced the deficit on 66 after goals from midfielders Riccardo Montolivo and Mathiu Flamini had put Milan in charge . The result left Milan 13 points behind leaders Juventus and four adrift of next weekend 's opponent Napoli -- who beat lowly Genoa 2-0 later Sunday despite a second-half penalty miss by Edinson Cavani . The top two teams will automatically qualify for the group stage of Europe 's top club competition , in which Milan lost in the last 16 to Barcelona this season , while the third must play in the final qualifying round . "  Considering the score after the first half , it 's a big slip-up for us , " Milan assistant coach Mauro Tassotti said on the club 's website . "  A win would have cut Fiorentina out of the Champions League race as they would have been nine points off . Balotelli will be suspended now against Napoli and Giampaolo Pazzini will play . He now has another full week to improve his condition . " Pazzini has been struggling with injury since the March 8 win over Genoa , but came off the bench late in the game against Fiorentina . Fiorentina could lose fourth place if Lazio win Monday 's Rome derby -- a result which would further dent Inter Milan 's European hopes . Sixth-placed Inter suffered a shock 4-3 defeat at home to Atalanta , whose veteran Argentine striker German Denis scored a second-half hat-trick to outshine Ricardo Alvarez 's double . In Spain , Atletico Madrid 's poor second half to the season continued with a 0-0 draw at Getafe in which the third-placed team had Mario Suarez and Diego Godin sent off . It left Atletico three points behind city rivals Real , and 17 behind leaders Barcelona . Valencia moved up to fifth with a 2-1 victory at home to 10-man Valladolid to be two points behind Sociedad , holders of the last Champions League spot . Jonas headed an injury-time winner after Oscar Gonzalez leveled , with Henrique Sereno having been sent off in the 56th minute for fouling Valencia striker Roberto Soldado -- whose resulting penalty was saved . .	Mario Balotelli will miss AC Milan 's crucial match against Italian rivals Napoli Striker was booked during Sunday 's 2-2 draw with 10-man Fiorentina Result leaves Milan four points behind second-placed Napoli In Spain , third - placed Atletico Madrid draw at Getafe after having two men sent off
New York  CNN  -- A New York man accused of drugging , smothering and dismembering an 8-year-old Brooklyn boy has been deemed mentally competent to stand trial , attorneys revealed in court Thursday . Prosecutors say Levi Aron abducted the boy , Leiby Kletzky , from his Brooklyn neighborhood on July 11 . The accused then took Leiby to his apartment and killed him , they contend . Aron pleaded not guilty Thursday in a Brooklyn courtroom . Aron did not enter a plea at his arraignment last month , and he was under a suicide watch . A mental evaluation that his attorneys asked be conducted on their client was revealed in court Thursday . Kings County District Attorney Charles Hynes applauded the decision . "  Now that Mr. Aron has been found fit to proceed we will move forward expeditiously to bring his case to trial . I want to reaffirm that this case will go to trial and that there are absolutely no circumstances which would lead me to accept a plea bargain , " Hynes said . New York City 's chief medical examiner said that Leiby died after being drugged and then smothered . The autopsy results for Leiby listed a cocktail of four prescription and over-the-counter drugs in the boy 's system : cyclobenzaprine , a muscle relaxant ; quetiapine , an antipsychotic drug ; hydrocodone , a pain medication ; and acetaminophen , the drug found in Tylenol , according to the medical examiner 's office . Leiby disappeared while walking home alone from summer day camp . Police located human remains in Aron 's freezer during a search of the Brooklyn neighborhood as well as in a trash bin . Both Aron and Leiby are members of the borough 's close-knit Orthodox Jewish community , although police say it does n't appear that they knew each other . "  Everybody says , ` We 're not going to talk about it , ' but how can you not talk about it ? How can you not talk about a tragedy that has affected every single family , " Assemblyman Dov Hikind told CNN affiliate WCBS-TV . Authorities have detailed some of the evidence they allege links Aron to the kidnapping and killing -- including extensive video footage that shows Leiby talking to a man and following him to a brown car authorities later traced to Aron . Detectives later concluded that Aron was also the man they saw in the video footage . New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said last month that Aron told authorities he was sorry for the trouble he has caused . Statements made by the suspect indicated that he kidnapped Leiby and , as the neighborhood search for the boy intensified , he panicked and killed him , Kelly said . "  His mental capacity is a question for the doctors , " Hynes said . Aron 's attorney at the time of his initial arraignment said he hears voices and hallucinates . "  He 's been hearing voices for quite some time , " Gerard Marrone told reporters last month , adding that Aron tries to silence the voices by listening to music . "  He listens to it with earphones and he listens to it very loud , and that helps him quell some of his voices . " Marrone has since resigned from the case . "  I have sincerest concerns about the defendant 's mental state and his cognitive abilities , " said Pierre Basile , who is representing Aron . The commissioner called the case "  heartbreaking . " "  Obviously , in this business you see a lot of violence , but there 's usually some sort of irrational twisted logic that 's given to why a violent event took place , " Kelly said . "  Here , I mean , it 's just , it defies all logic and I think that 's what 's really so , so terribly disturbing about this case . There 's absolutely no reason . There 's nothing more innocent than an 8-year-old child . " On the day he disappeared , Leiby was supposed to meet his parents after walking seven blocks from day camp , but he became lost and asked the suspect for directions , Kelly said . Surveillance video showed Aron entering a dentist 's office while Leiby waited for him across the street for seven minutes , Kelly said . Aron claims he took Leiby to a wedding in Monsey , New York , and then brought him back , Kelly said . Police said Aron went to the wedding , but they have not been able to confirm that Leiby went with him , as no one has said they saw him . According to Kelly , police showed up at Aron 's third-floor attic apartment at 2:40 a.m. July 13 and asked him about Leiby 's whereabouts . The suspect pointed them to the kitchen , where blood was visible on the freezer handle . Inside the refrigerator was a cutting board with three blood-spattered carving knives , Kelly said . Remains were found in Aron 's freezer and in a trash bin more than two miles away , wrapped in a black plastic garbage bag inside a suitcase , Kelly said . Aron was a clerk at a maintenance supply company , authorities said . His only known criminal summons was for urinating in public last year . CNN 's Jesse Solomon , Nina Raja , Nina Golgowski and Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report .	Levi Aron has been accused of drugging , smothering and dismembering Brooklyn boy Aron has pleaded not guilty to charges in 8-year-old 's death Suspect has been found mentally competent to stand trial , attorneys say Suspect and victim are members of a close-knit Orthodox Jewish community in Brooklyn
They braved bullets and bombs , risking their lives for their country . Now -- having been passed over in some cases for decades due to their ethnicity or skin color -- the U.S. government is giving them their just reward . President Barack Obama announced Friday that 24 Army veterans would receive the Medal of Honor -- the nation 's highest military award , bestowed on U.S. troops who show "  gallantry above and beyond the call of duty " -- for their combat actions in Vietnam , Korea and during World War II . Many of their fellow soldiers received this medal long ago , for doing similar things in similar places at similar times . But not these 24 men . In 2002 , Congress -- as part of the Defense Authorization Act -- set up a review of Jewish and Hispanic veterans who served in combat since the middle of the century "  to ensure those deserving the Medal Of Honor were not denied because of prejudice , " explained the White House . The congressional action was later amended to open the door for any serviceman or woman denied the award due to discrimination . Twenty-one of the new Medal of Honor recipients -- with last names including Garcia and Weinstein and Negron -- are n't alive to receive the award . But three others , including Melvin Morris , are alive to be recognized . Morris was 19 when he volunteered to go to Vietnam . In 1969 , the Army Green Beret got hit multiple times by bullets during combat . Bleeding , he "  charged into a hail of fire " to rescue his dead and wounded comrades in what the Army characterizes as a show of "  determination possessed by few men . " His heroics were recognized in 1970 with the Army 's Distinguished Service Cross award . Now 72 , Morris -- who is black -- will wear his country 's highest military honor . So , too , will Santiago J. Erevia , a native Texan . The radio-telephone operator was caring for wounded colleagues in 1969 in Vietnam when his position came under attack . According to the Military Times , "  without hesitation Specialist Erevia crawled from one wounded man to another , " charged while armed toward the hostile fire , before eventually returning to take care of the injured troops he 'd left behind . The last surviving new Medal of Honor recipient is Jose Rodela , who like Morris and Erevia also won a Distinguished Service Cross . While commanding a mobile strike force in Vietnam , Rodela was "  wounded in the back and head by rocket shrapnel while recovering a wounded comrade , " according to a military commendation , yet he still single-handedly "  assaulted and knocked out  a  rocket position " before returning to lead his men . One of those who will posthumously receive the award is Leonard Kravitz , an assistant machine gunner in the Korean War . He is the uncle and namesake of actor and rock musician Lenny Kravitz . Retired Marine Col. Harvey Barnum , who is white , says he is eager to welcome all the new award recipients into the fold . Barnum , who earned a Medal of Honor himself in 1967 for his service in Vietnam , said he "  had heard rumors ... that there were certain people that people thought should have received the medal . " Now that they 're finally being justly recognized , Barnum said , "  I 'll look forward to putting my arms around them , and calling them brother , and saying welcome home . " Medal of Honor denied again for Marine	President Obama announces 24 new Medal of Honor recipients dating back to WW II The awards go Hispanics , Jews , African-Americans denied medal due to prejudice Only 3 of the newly announced award recipients are still alive One previous Medal winner says , "  I 'll look forward to putting my arms around them "
Washington  CNN  -- The leading Senate negotiations on gun control legislation favor expanding background checks , but the effort would as of now fall short of the universal approach backed by President Barack Obama and many Democrats , CNN has learned . FBI background checks are currently required for commercial sales . The proposal being considered would expand them to gun shows and Internet sales , but would not require checks for other private transactions , according to multiple sources from both parties who are familiar with the talks . Sources familiar with the negotiations between Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin , D-West Virginia , and Sen. Pat Toomey , R-Pennsylvania , tell CNN they exchanged proposals and ideas over the past few days and will soon get a better sense of where things stand . Toomey joins talks on background checks Obama made another pitch for his gun control agenda on Monday in Connecticut , not far from the town of Newtown where a December school massacre jolted the nation and prompted current efforts in Washington for stricter gun laws . Obama , in Hartford , angrily chided lawmakers , saying overwhelming support among the American people for measures like universal background checks should force action in Congress . His message was crafted as much for lawmakers as it was for the families of Newtown victims . They sat behind him on stage and were to travel to Washington with him on Air Force One to lobby members of Congress . "  Newtown , we want you to know that we 're here with you , " Obama said . "  We will not walk away from the promises we 've made . We are as determined as ever to do what must be done . " The Senate is expected to begin debate as early as this week over proposed firearms legislation , but Democratic sources admit that the gun bill as currently written does not have the 60 votes needed to break any Republican filibuster . The powerful National Rifle Association is staunchly opposed to the measure . Putting new pressure on negotiators , a spokesman for Mitch McConnell said the Senate Republican leader would support efforts by GOP colleagues to filibuster the Democratic legislation . Democratic leaders are hopeful that a deal on background checks that can win enough Republican support will emerge from the bipartisan negotiations . Obama scolds lawmakers on gun control Sandy Hook families to return to DC with Obama , lobby Senate The working proposal between Manchin and Toomey would require background checks as well as make sellers keep a record of transactions . Many law enforcement groups and gun control advocates view record keeping as critical to ensuring the check is enforceable and a weapon is traceable in case of a crime . Senior Democratic aides and sources from outside groups pushing for tighter gun restrictions acknowledge that this approach is less expansive than what they want . But they believe it would produce a better result than the other prominent negotiating track underway - requiring background checks in virtually all cases of private sales , but not mandating that records of those sales and checks be saved . Recent polls show an overwhelming majority of Americans favor making a change to the background check system . McCain : ' I do n't understand ' threats to block gun bill debate Poll : Could background checks lead to gun confiscation ? Deal on background checks still possible CNN 's Ted Barrett , Ashley Killough and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report	Bipartisan effort is weighing different gun control proposals ; debate possible this week President Obama , many Democrats favor expanding FBI background checks to all sales But focus of leading Senate talks , at the moment , would expand checks , but not universally NEW : Obama chides Congress for not passing gun legislation ; Newtown families lobbying
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- Brazil 's Federal Police agency said Thursday it 's investigating an oil spill at a site off the coast of Rio de Janeiro being explored by the U.S. oil company Chevron . The Federal Police 's Rio de Janeiro office said in a statement those responsible for the "  environmental accident in the Campos Basin " could face sentences of up to five years in jail if found guilty . Brazil 's Oil and Gas Regulator  ANP  said Chevron reported a seepage in its offshore Frade project November 8 and said that between 200 and 330 barrels of oil per day leaked into the ocean . The resulting slick was about 163 square kilometers  100 square miles  , Chevron said , and was situated about 120 km  75 miles  off the coast of the state of Rio de Janeiro . Chevron moved to cap an assessment well Wednesday that it says is the source of the seepage , ANP said . Chevron told ANP that 18 vessels were on the scene to take care of the clean-up . But according to the Folha de Sao Paulo newspaper , Federal Police did a fly-over of the site Tuesday and saw only one vessel . "  The reports do not correspond with the reality of the facts , " Fabio Scliar , from the police environment department , told Folha de Sao Paulo . "  I want to understand what happened . " ANP said the spill is dispersing and moving away from the Brazilian coast , so it does not appear to threaten Rio 's world-famous beaches . But it does raise questions about how prepared Brazil is for the development of its offshore "  pre-salt " deposits , which are expected to turn the country into a major oil exporter in the coming years .	The oil slick in the Campos Basin is about 163 square kilometers Chevron said an assessment well was the source of the spill The spill does not appear to threaten Rio 's famed beaches , ANP says
Washington  CNN  -- After appearing briefly on the Obama administration 's short-list to run the Pentagon , Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson now has to survive a congressional grilling on the president 's new immigration policy . Testifying before the House Homeland Security Committee on Tuesday , Johnson said he is "  fully comfortable " that President Barack Obama 's executive action on immigration reform is within the President 's legal authority . Johnson helped draft the President 's plan to shield up to 5 million undocumented immigrants from deportation and will make undocumented criminals a priority for deportation . "  Many of these individuals have committed no crimes and are not enforcement priorities . It is time that we acknowledge this as a matter of official policy and encourage eligible individuals to come out of the shadows , submit to criminal and national security background checks , and be held accountable , " Johnson told the committee . Republicans on the committee , starting with Chairman Mike McCaul , questioned the authority and timing of Obama 's executive action on immigration and the impact of Obama 's action on illegal immigration . "  The President 's unilateral actions to bypass Congress on Nov. 20 undermine the Constitution and threaten our democracy , " McCaul , R-Texas , said in a statement before the hearing . McCaul questioned the timing of Obama 's decision to act on immigration reform , which came after the midterm elections , calling it "  more of a political decision than a policy decision . " Johnson would not comment on Obama 's statements before he decided to use his executive authority on immigration , when Obama suggested he may not have the authority to act unilaterally to reform the immigration system . Instead , Johnson stressed that administration officials "  spent months " with lawyers to ensure all executive actions on immigration are legal and said the White House was repeatedly urged by members of Congress to hold off on executive action for months . And the incoming chair of the House 's top oversight committee Republican Rep. Jason Chaffetz hit Johnson with a "  gotcha " question during his speaking time . Johnson found himself at odds with a statement Obama made just last week during an immigration speech while responding to hecklers "  What do you say to someone who believes the President took action to change the law ? " Chaffetz said . "  We did not change the law , " Johnson replied before Chaffetz played the clip of Obama at the event last week , saying : "  What you 're not paying attention to is I just took an action to change the law . " "  So you say he did n't change the law , but the President says he changed the law , " Chaffetz said . "  Somebody plays me an eight-word excerpt from a broader speech , I know it to be suspicious , " Johnson retorted to laughter . Johnson rejected Rep. Lamar Smith 's claims that Obama 's immigration action would lead to a surge in illegal immigration , insisting that the order will prioritize recent illegal migrants . "  Recent arrivals are priorities for removal , " Johnson said . "  Wherever I go I intend to highlight the fact that these new reforms prioritize recent illegal entrance . " The Obama administration had placed Johnson on a short-list to replace outgoing Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel . But an official said Tuesday that Johnson is no longer in contention for the job . Johnson stressed that he wants to work with Congress to pass comprehensive immigration reform , but another Republican Rep. Jeff Duncan said the issue is "  a lack of trust of the American people in the administration to enforce the laws . " "  Why would you pass another law when the administration fails to enforce the current laws that are on the books . Why pass another one that 's not going to be enforced either ? " Duncan said . "  I think congress can pass a bill when the American people start regaining trust in the administration to actually to their job and enforce the laws that are already on the books . " Johnson pushed back and pinned the lack of a comprehensive bill on Congressional inaction . "  The President has said that would be his preference . The problem is we have no partner in Congress , " Johnson said .	Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson testified on Capitol Hill on Tuesday He was there to explain and defend President Barack Obama 's immigration action plan Republicans grilled Johnson on what they see as contradictions on what the plan means
Denver  CNN  -- A high school senior 's racy picture is causing controversy after the yearbook staff refused to publish it , calling the picture inappropriate . The photo shows 18-year-old Sydney Spies in a short skirt and revealing top . She had it taken by a professional photographer in her hometown of Durango , Colorado , and submitted it to the yearbook with her mother 's approval . "  She tells me that she has grown tired of seeing all the boring pictures submitted , and she wanted to do something different , " said Sydney 's mother , Miki Spies . Seniors at Durango High School can submit their own photos to the yearbook . They often choose pictures that reflect their interests , like sports or music . A committee of five students determines whether the photos are acceptable . They rejected Spies ' photo , calling it inappropriate . A second photo , showing her in a short dress against a brick wall , was also rejected . "  There 's something wrong when people ca n't express themselves in their own yearbook , " Miki Spies said . The Durango School District says it was n't part of the process , but it supports the decision of the yearbook committee . According to spokeswoman Marty Kay Hutton , "  The student editors of Durango High School 's yearbook informed a senior student in December that her photo in question would not be included as a senior portrait in the yearbook and asked her to submit a replacement . Durango School District administration supports this decision . " Miki Spies says her daughter should be able to express herself , just like any other student . "  There are no standards that are required for yearbook photos . She 's into the arts outside of school , " Miki Spies said . The photos have outraged many as the story has spread . On a Facebook page set up by the family , some of the comments are extremely negative : "  Too sexy for a young woman . Think of how you will be remembered for the rest of your life , in the eyes of your classmates . " "  You are gross and your parents are losers like you are . " "  Tramp . " Miki Spies says that she is surprised by the comments but that they have strengthened her resolve to fight for her daughter . She 's not sure what they will do next but says she has contacted the ACLU for help . "  I 'm a fighter for the underdog , and I hate the abuse of authority , " she said . "  I 'm surprised more Americans are n't on the side of freedom of expression anymore . "	Durango High seniors can submit their own photos , with approval Student committee says one girl 's photos were inappropriate Student 's mother says she has contacted the ACLU for help
CNN  -- I came to America as a transfer student in the fall of 2004 . I did three years of computer engineering in India and then transferred to Purdue University Calumet . On July 2 , 2005 , just a month before graduation , a guy who lived on the first floor of my apartment building set fire to his place . He wrapped his baby in a blanket , put the baby in a car seat , put the car seat in the closet and then poured gasoline over the apartment with his baby and wife still in it . He then set the whole place on fire and left . The fire started at 4:30 a.m. My roommate and I could not jump out with the balcony and windows engulfed in flames . As my roommate fell unconscious in front of me , I started running down the stairs and passed out . A firefighter found my body and pulled me out . As the paramedics were taking me to the hospital , I heard one say , "  This guy is 95 % burned ; he does n't have a chance . " At that moment , I thought about my family and how I came to America to get good education , and now I did n't have a chance to live . I was soon unconscious and later woke up in the University of Chicago burn unit after four months in an induced coma . The man 's wife , his baby and my best friend and roommate , Prabhat Singhal , died in the fire . After seven months in Chicago , I was transferred to Wishard Health Services in Indianapolis for my rehabilitation . I do n't have any family in America so I lived in a nursing home . I stayed there for 2Â 1/2 years while I went through reconstructive surgeries to regain range of motion in my arms . For more than five years , I went through an intense therapy program . I wore a face mask for three years and pressure garments on my entire body ; I wore dynamic splints on my hands , wrists and elbows to increase range of motion , daily dressing changes to my wounds and performing hourly exercises to restore function in all of my joints . I wanted to get an MBA so I studied in my extra time . I scheduled my Graduate Management Admission Test , or GMAT , exam and got a six-hour pass from the nursing home to take the test . I scored 700 on my GMAT and got accepted into the Indiana University Kelley School of Business Evening MBA program in Indianapolis . I wanted to go to a part-time program since I did n't know how much of a course load I would be able to take . Everyone gets their acceptance letter mailed to his home ; I got my letter mailed to the nursing home . My doctors did everything they could to help me regain range of motion in my arms . Even after 54 surgeries , I am still very limited . I do n't have any finger movement in my left hand and very limited finger movement in my right hand . I type with one finger . I rely on various adaptive equipments to perform my activities of daily living . This horrific crime not only left me with disabilities but also interfered with my visa . I have not seen most of my family in India since the accident seven years ago , because I am still waiting on a green card . My sister has been denied a visa four times in trying to visit me . I have been able to come out of this tragedy because of the values that my parents instilled in me and the help from my occupational therapist . My parents taught me the value of education , hard work and perseverance . They taught me to be content in life no matter what the circumstances . They taught me that "  we can always find someone who is in worse condition than we are in . So be thankful for what you have . " I call my occupational therapist , Shannon Hendricks , my guardian angel . God sent her into my life when I was in the deepest and darkest pit of my life . She took me to church every Sunday while I stayed in the nursing home , which brought some normalcy into my life . Today , I can live independently because of her hard work . After 3Â 1/2 years , I graduated with my MBA on May 13 . I am now seeking a job in finance . To give back to the community , I volunteered in the Wishard therapy department between many of my surgeries . I still visit the Wishard burn unit and talk to other burn patients about my experience . I also lecture at Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis to occupational therapy students about all the adaptive equipment I use to live independently . I have had some wonderful people in my life who have helped me in my journey . I plan to do the same for other people .	Manoj Rana , a native of India , nearly died in an apartment fire after coming to study in the U.S. Rana underwent 54 surgeries and five years of an intense therapy program He credits his parents and his occupational therapist for his recovery and survival He graduated with his MBA this month and is looking for a job in finance
CNN  -- President Obama issued a presidential order on Friday authorizing emergency funds to Pakistan 's flood victims , the White House announced Friday . The president said the use of the Emergency Refugee and Migration Assistance Fund was in the United States ' interest . Up to $ 33 million can go toward the country 's crisis . Pakistani disaster officials said Wednesday that recent floods have killed about 1,677 people and 17 million have been affected nationwide . The United Nations , meanwhile , warned that a crisis is building in the eastern province of Balochistan , where nearly 2 million people are affected . Mengeshe Kebede , the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ' representative to Pakistan , said there is a "  humanitarian tragedy " taking place in Balochistan , with imminent threats of water-borne diseases and food shortages . "  We need to scale up our activities in the province , or else I think we are heading for a major humanitarian disaster there , " Kebede said . "  I have worked in humanitarian situations globally , and worked in refugee camps in Africa during emergencies , but to be honest I had never seen a situation as devastating as I saw in Balochistan , " he said .	Obama approves urgent emergency funds for Pakistan 's flood victims Nearly 1,700 people have died in disaster Humanitarian crisis developing in Balochistan province
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- The death toll from the worst floods in half a century to hit Thailand continues to rise . By early Sunday morning , the number stood at 297 from two months of lashing rain , with more than 8.5 million in 61 provinces affected by the rising waters , authorities said . More rain was predicted for Sunday in some provinces and in the capital city , Bangkok . In the ancient city of Ayutthara , one of the worst-hit regions , military trucks moved slowly down the main street , cutting through a constant river of water , passing out aid to those who can get close . Anyone with a boat used it to transport aid or to help neighbors carry their possessions from flooded houses . Others used rubber tires of slabs of Styrofoam . In Bangkok , crews worked feverishly , widening canals and strengthening flood barriers to protect the city . "  I have to say here that there is a lot of water coming to Bangkok but the situation not critical yet , " said Bangkok Governor Sukhumbhand Paribatra . Asia 's wet and wild summer explained The Bangkok suburb of Sam Kok is sandwiched between the overflowing Chao Phraya River and the 2.5-meter floodwalls that are so far successfully protecting the inner and commercial part of the capital . The water here has nowhere to go and levels are rising fast . "  In one or two days  flood waters  will pass through Bangkok , but the fact is that the impact of such flow would be less if the water was allowed to pass through , rather than concentrated in one area , " the Flood Relief Operations Command said Sunday . Floods are an annual occurrence in the country but it has been particularly acute this year . Thais across the country are donating food , water and clothing to help the worst-hit areas . Authorities said donations have far surpassed previous years . The government said that it has received $ 2.07 million in donations , including from other countries , by Sunday . The United States said it is sending 26 helicopters to help the relief effort , invaluable as more roads turn to rivers and become impassable . United Nations agencies also are on standby , while the activating the World Health Organization has offered emergency health kits . CNN 's Paula Hancocks and Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	More rain is predicted in some provinces and in the capital city Residents in affected areas used boats , tires and Styrofoam slabs to get around Crews work feverishly to protect Bangkok The situation in the capital city "  is not critical yet , " the governor says
Well over a year after Congress voluntarily imposed a ban on pork barrel spending , the number and cost of earmarks have dropped dramatically , a report said Tuesday -- but the snouts are not out of the trough altogether . The 2012 database of pork-barrel projects compiled by the nongovernmental group Citizens Against Government Waste , known as the Congressional Pig Book , says Congress has some way to go to cut out wasteful spending . It finds that the number of earmarks has decreased by 98.3 % from 9,129 in fiscal year 2010 , when the Pig Book was last produced , to just 152 in fiscal year 2012 . The cost has also plummeted by 80 % , from $ 16.5 billion in 2010 to $ 3.3 billion in 2012 , the lowest sum in a decade , it says . Numerous pet projects still found their way into appropriations bills despite the supposed moratorium on earmarks , the Pig Book 's authors say -- and despite Congress certifying each appropriations bill as earmark-free . Citizens Against Government Waste acknowledges that its criteria for what constitutes an earmark differ from those of Congress . The report comes amid a political furor over allegations of lavish spending on conferences and rewards programs by the General Services Administration , a government agency . Earmarks , which are federal funds that members of Congress direct to specific projects back home , were common practice for years but have become a target for budget-conscious deficit hawks . Those detected in 2012 "  involve larger amounts of money and include fewer details than in prior years , " the Pig Book says , with a side effect of the moratorium being that pork barrel spending is much harder to spot . "  The supposed lack of earmarks resulted in a completely opaque process . Since earmarks were deemed to be non-existent , there were no names of legislators , no information on where and why the money will be spent , and no list or chart of earmarks in the appropriations bills or reports , " the report says . "  While the lower number and cost of earmarks are a vast improvement over prior years , transparency and accountability have regressed immeasurably . " The Pig Book highlights several earmarks slipped into the defense appropriations bill , including $ 255 million to upgrade the M1 Abrams tank , a project opposed by the Pentagon ; $ 239 million for cancer research that is already funded elsewhere ; and $ 50 million for National Guard Counterdrug Program state plans . It also flags $ 9.5 million for high energy cost grants , $ 3.4 million for national fish hatchery operations and $ 3 million for aquatic plant control as among the "  most blatant examples of pork . " But as part of an overall downward trend , the appropriations bill for Labor , Health and Human Services saw a huge decline in earmarks , from 1,789 in 2010 to three in 2012 . One of those that made it through was $ 5 million for abstinence education . Only one earmark showed up in the 2012 financial services appropriations bill , the report says , down from 270 in the 2010 financial year . That was $ 38.5 million for a drug trafficking program at the Office of National Drug Control Policy . Four earmarks were spotted in the State and Foreign Operations appropriations bill , the report says , including $ 114.8 million for the United Nations Democracy Fund , despite the Obama administration never requesting funding for it . Another is a $ 5.9 million award for the East-West Center in Hawaii , which its authors flag as a home-state project of Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Daniel Inouye , D-Hawaii . Earmarks have typically accounted for less than 1 % of the budget . But critics say the funding awards do not undergo the same scrutiny as other spending and tend to reflect the influence individual lawmakers wield in Congress , rather than merit . While some lawmakers have called for legislation to be passed to turn the moratorium into a permanent ban on earmarks , others oppose that step . The report names Inouye ; Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada ; Senate Appropriations Committee ranking member Thad Cochran , R-Mississippi ; and Senate appropriator Lamar Alexander , R-Tennessee , as among those critical of the continuation of the moratorium . Citizens Against Government Waste suggests that until a ban is imposed , "  taxpayers will be justified in their belief that members of Congress are being creative and deceptive in skirting the moratorium and continuing to obtain earmarks . "	The number of earmarks has fallen dramatically for 2012 , the Pig Book report says Some earmarks are still finding their way into spending bills despite a voluntary ban A tank upgrade program and fish hatchery projects are examples highlighted by the report The supposed ban on pork barrel spending has damaged transparency , its authors say
CNN  -- Two monorail trains at Walt Disney World collided early Sunday , killing a 21-year-old driver . A 2 a.m. ET monorail crash at Disney World killed one person , a park spokesman said . A witness said one of the trains rammed into the back of a stationary train about 2 a.m. at the resort 's Ticket and Transport Center . There were eight people on board at the time , the Orange County Sheriff 's Office said . A second employee was taken to a hospital to be checked ; the six guests -- members of a single family -- were evaluated by paramedics at the scene and released . Disney World officials said none of the seven was injured . Authorities identified the driver as Austin Wuennenberg , a senior at Stetson University studying computer science . "  It 's a terrible day for us , " said Mike Griffin , Disney 's vice president for public affairs . "  Our hearts go out to Austin and his family . " A statement from Wuennenberg 's family said , "  He always enjoyed his work at Disney , and especially enoyed his work as a monorail pilot . He has many great friends who he has positively influenced ; everyone will truly miss this dynamic young man . " The theme park is working with county authorities and the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration in the investigation . "  The safety of our cast and our guests is legendary and it 's our top priority , " Griffin said . Disney World calls its employees "  cast members . " The monorail was shut after the accident , Griffin said . Images from the scene showed the front car of a train badly damaged where it hit the other train at a station .	Driver identified as Austin Wuennenberg , 21 Eight people were aboard , including family of six Crash occurred about 2 a.m. at Ticket and Transport Center Witness says one monorail train rammed into a stationary train
New York  CNN  -- As snow fell across New York harbor , Isabel Belarsky said she clutched her mother , Clara , aboard a passenger ship that puttered toward Ellis Island , and wondered what their new lives would bring . The year was 1930 . About a week earlier , the 10 year-old girl from what is now called Saint Petersburg , Russia , had embarked on a transatlantic journey with her Ukrainian parents from the French port city of Cherbourg , escaping what she described as Jewish persecution at the start of Joseph Stalin 's Soviet Union . On an island near Manhattan stood the copper colossus that would etch her first memories of the new world . "  It was a wonderful sight , " she said of the Statue of Liberty , which marks its 125th anniversary Friday . The idea for the monument is thought to have been first conceived at a 19th century dinner party among French aristocrats , historians say , who sought to pay tribute to American liberty . And while the French gift is also widely believed to have at least in part catered to domestic politics , for many it quickly became a symbol of hope and promise in America 's post - Civil War period . "  The arrival on Ellis Island is the fulfillment that you know something good is going to happen to you , " said Belarksy , now a 91-year-old widow living in a Russian enclave of Brooklyn , New York . Her family became part of the more than 12 million immigrants processed through Ellis Island between 1892 and 1954 , according to the U.S. National Park Service . Adjacent to Ellis towers Lady Liberty , measuring more than 305 feet from base to torch . Originally , the statue was supposed to be an Egyptian peasant girl that would have stood at the entrance of Egypt 's then-new Suez Canal , historians say , but plans would later evolve into the Roman goddess that would instead adorn New York harbor . "  The sculptor ,  Frederic  Bartholdi , was very clever , " said Edward Berenson , professor of history and director of the Institute of French Studies at New York University . "  He put  the statue  where he did because its right at the narrows of New York harbor , so he knew that every boat that came into New York would have to come really close to it . People felt like they could reach out and touch it , " he said . Inspired perhaps by Egypt 's colossal statues during his own travels to Cairo , Berenson added , Bartholdi sought to build a monument of his own in a tribute to American liberty and its new found emancipation of slaves . The statue rests atop a sculpted wrangling of broken chains on New York 's Liberty Island . Only years later , Berenson argues , did the monument come to symbolize immigration to the broader public , despite the structure 's engraved plaque bearing the now famous poem by Emma Lazarus , who asks for the "  huddled masses yearning to breathe free . " Like many who made the perilous journey , Belarsky said she had often wondered what kind of life was waiting for her on the shores behind the copper monument . "  It was quite frightening , " she recalled . "  The three of us , my father , my mother and I , wanted for someone to come with money or to tell us whats next . " And though a U.S. law passed six years earlier had largely restricted immigration , her father , Sidor , had managed to secure three tickets to America by way of a talent scout who visited the Leningrad conservatory where he had performed as an opera singer . "  He had such a beautiful voice , " she said . Their travel permit , however , was only temporary . Sidor had acquired a six-month visa to teach at Brigham Young University , said Belarsky . Still , the young family would nonetheless settle more permanently in a west Manhattan apartment . And unlike many who eventually returned to their homelands in Europe , the Belarskys decided to leave Saint Petersburg -- then known as Leningrad -- behind . "  Authorities were starting to clamp down and consolidate the social state and Soviet power around Stalin , " said Fiona Hill , a Russia expert at the Washington-based Brookings Institution . "  As an opera singer , you might not have wanted to start singing Soviet anthems . " So the young family left Russia without plans to return , Belarsky added . And though many immigrants entered the United States through Boston , Philadelphia , San Francisco , New Orleans and Miami ; historians say steamship companies most often cruised into New York harbor , commonly making the Statue of Liberty the first land sighting for new arrivals . "  Everybody spoke of the golden land , " said Belarksy . "  Come to America where there 's gold on the streets , until they came here and they had to live in walk-up tenement houses , " she said , referencing hardships often endured in overcrowded city buildings . Immigrants also commonly faced unsanitary and unsafe work conditions on docks and in factories as America 's need for industrial labor grew . "  If you think immigration is unpopular now , " said Berenson . "  If anything it was even more unpopular in the 1890s and the first part of the 20th century . " Successive immigrant waves , however , still rushed to America 's shores through Ellis Island and past the Statue of Liberty , often buoyed by the prospect of economic opportunity , he added . "  I think it took a while for people to think of themselves as Americans , " said Berenson . "  For an awful lot of people , what they wanted was to think of themselves as whatever they were originally , and as Americans too . " Anniversary celebrations of the Statue of Liberty will be marked Friday by a series of official speeches and web cams , provided by Earthcam , that are expected stream video footage from the torch . The following day the statue will close for renovations , though Liberty Island will remain open , according to the National Park Service .	Friday marks the 125th anniversary of the unveiling of the Statue of Liberty A Russian immigrant recalls her Ellis Island passage in 1930 The Statue of Liberty was a French gift Web cams are expected stream video footage from the torch
CNN  NASA is sending astronaut Scott Kelly to live on the International Space Station for a year . That 's the longest any U.S. astronaut has spent in space and twice as long as crew members usually stay on the space station . A year is a long time to stay anyplace . But staying a year in space has some special challenges . There 's what to pack : How many changes of clothes do you bring ? Kelly says NASA supplies most of what he needs but he 's taking his own tool pouch , some sweatshirts and special shoes to use when he 's lifting weights . "  I bought a special kind of shoes I thought would be better for that , " Kelly said at a NASA briefing on Thursday . Then there 's what to do for a year in space . You get a great view of Earth , so the scenery is amazing . But the space station orbits Earth about every 90 minutes , or about 16 times a day . Could get a little repetitive . So how do you keep from getting bored ? Experiments . Lots and lots of experiments . NASA says space station crews normally work on about 200 experiments over six months , but Kelly will be doing many more . He says he 's actually fascinated with the space station itself as a giant experiment in living in space . "  Building this facility that allows us to understand how to operate for long periods of time in space to allow us someday to go to Mars . " In his free time Kelly says he 'll spend a lot of time talking to people on Earth , messaging on social media , reading email , watching TV and writing . "  I 'm going to keep a personal journal of the experience , " Kelly said . He also will share some of his journal with researchers studying the psychological impacts of long-term space flight . Will he tell all ? "  I plan to be completely honest about it , " he said , but ... "  who knows , maybe there are some crazy thoughts I 'll have at the end that I would n't want to share . " Kelly also might get to do a bit of singing . British singer Sarah Brightman will visit the station as a space tourist during Kelly 's year in orbit . Will he and the other crew members sing along with her ? "  It will be either all of us or none of us , " Kelly joked . One other thing Kelly has to plan for : near-zero gravity . Turns out our bodies really like gravity . Stay in orbit too long and your eyes , heart , bones , muscles -- basically everything -- change , and usually not for the better . On the upside , you get a bit taller . At least briefly . "  You do grow when you 're up there for a long time , " Kelly said . "  Unfortunately it does n't last . But it did last long enough that I could stand next to my brother and look down at him a little bit . " Kelly was joking about his twin , former astronaut Mark Kelly  who is also known for being the husband of former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords  . Mark Kelly has volunteered for NASA 's "  Twins Study " -- 10 investigations into how the identical twins change over the year in two very different environments . Even though Mark will be on Earth getting poked and prodded by researchers while Scott makes history in orbit , Scott said his brother does n't mind . "  He thinks it 's great that he can still be a participant in this , " Scott Kelly said . The Kelly brothers ' experiments should help NASA understand what happens to astronauts who spend a long time in space and help plan longer spaceflights to an asteroid or to Mars . Despite all the health risks and personal sacrifices , Kelly said there 's a big reason to stay in space a year . "  It 's a lot of fun , " he said . "  Space station is a magical place . " The mission is a first for NASA , but not for Russia . Between 1987 and 1995 , four cosmonauts spent a year or more in space . And another Russian will be with Kelly for his yearlong mission : cosmonaut Mikhail Kornienko . Both men are space veterans . Kelly has flown on two shuttle missions and has already done two stints on the space station . In all , he 's logged more than 180 days in space . Kornienko has spent 176 days in space . The two will ride to the space station on a Russian Soyuz spacecraft along with Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka , who is staying for six months . The trio will launch from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on March 27 .	Astronaut Scott Kelly to live in space one year Kelly 's twin brother , Mark , will take part in a "  twins study " from the ground
CNN  -- Law enforcement officers forcefully but safely ended a two-day hostage situation at a suburban Chicago house Wednesday morning , rescuing two children and two women while taking two suspects into custody in a raid on the home , authorities said . The move -- made after four other hostages were released the previous night -- finished a roughly 20-hour standoff that police say began with a robbery attempt at the home in Harvey , Illinois . The hostage-takers shot and injured at least one police officer when the standoff began Tuesday , but no shots were fired and no one was hurt when police moved into the home Wednesday , having determined negotiations were no longer progressing and that tensions were rising . "  We 're very happy that there 's been a peaceful resolution , " Cook County Sheriff Tom Dart told reporters . The four rescued hostages , including a 6-year-old child and a 12-year-old girl , were "  traumatized " but unharmed , Dart said . Police knocked down a first-floor door and rushed up to the second floor , where they found the hostages and the suspects . Authorities decided to move after round-the-clock negotiations "  were getting a little bit more on the dicier side , " Dart said . "  It was the  proper  time to act , " Dart said . Started with robbery attempt The incident began at about 12:45 p.m. Tuesday when two people tried to rob the home , Dart said . Inside the home when the suspects arrived were four children from one immediate family , plus two children who are related to them , and the two women , Dart said . Police were called , and one responding officer was shot in the arm but is OK , Dart said . Another officer was injured and also is OK , Dart said , without elaborating . Sometime afterward , law officers from all over Illinois surrounded the residence and began the negotiating process . Four hostages -- children ranging in age from 1 to 12 -- were released Tuesday night and were not injured , police said . Dart said the talks persisted for hours and proved to be a "  very thoughtful approach " to hostage negotiations . Then , the back-and-forth stalemated and "  the time had come for certain action , " Dart said . "  At this juncture it was the prudent thing to do , which was to enter the house and to secure the hostages to make sure they were n't being harmed , " Dart said . Asked if police and the suspects were in a struggle , Dart answered : "  They did n't surrender themselves . " There 's no indication that the suspects had any connection to the hostages before Tuesday , Dart said . Harvey Mayor Eric Kellogg had asked residents to stay inside their own homes as police , who blocked off nearby streets , dealt with the situation . A city of about 25,000 people , Harvey is about 20 miles south of Chicago . CNN 's Bill Kirkos and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	4 remaining hostages rescued Wednesday morning , nearly a day after situation began Police : 2 officers responding to Tuesday 's robbery were shot in Harvey , Illinois The suspects took people hostage inside a home , police add Law enforcement from around Illinois converged on the residence
ST. GEORGE , Utah  CNN  -- A young man whose arranged marriage to a young cousin led to the conviction of polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs was charged Wednesday with her rape . Prosecutors filed the rape charge against Allen Steed , 26 , a day after a jury found Jeffs guilty of two rape-accomplice counts in connection with Steed 's ill-fated 2001 marriage to Elissa Wall . Jurors found that Jeffs used his authority as leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , or FLDS , to push the girl into a marriage she did not want . Steed was 19 and his bride , who also was his first cousin , was 14 when Jeffs "  sealed " them in spiritual marriage at a motel in Caliente , Nevada , where many FLDS weddings were performed . Three other couples also were married that day in separate ceremonies , according to testimony . Steed is accused of having sex with the girl against her will several weeks into the marriage . Steed testified for the defense at Jeffs ' trial . He said his new wife was affectionate to him in private , but cold in public . He denied that he or Jeffs had forced sex on her . Wall agreed to be identified publicly as the trial ended in hopes of encouraging other women who feel trapped by polygamy to come forward . Watch Wall urge other girls to be brave " She testified that she told Steed she was not ready and that her first sexual encounter made her feel dirty , used and trapped . Her pleas to church leaders to end the marriage were ignored , and Jeffs told her to submit "  mind , body and soul " to her new husband , Wall told the jury . Her sisters testified that most of the women in the family also opposed the marriage but were powerless to stop it . According to the criminal complaint , the trial established that the pair had sex and that the young woman had convinced jurors she did not consent . Wall left the marriage and the FLDS in 2004 . She is now remarried . An attorney for Steed could not be reached . Jeffs , 51 , leads the 10,000-member FLDS , which is based in the twin border towns of Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona . Followers believe him to be God 's prophet , who can lead them to eternal salvation . Listen to an example of Jeffs ' preaching " Jeffs could be sent to prison for the rest of his life when he is sentenced November 20 . E-mail to a friend	NEW : Man whose arranged marriage led to conviction charged with rape Allen Steed is accused of having sex with the girl , 14 , against her will Steed testified at sect leader 's trial that he did n't force sex on new wife FLDS leader Warren Jeffs convicted Tuesday of rape by accomplice
CNN  -- Historically in the United States , communities of color and the police have maintained strained relationships . The death of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , has stirred up dormant , yet strong emotions . Brown was tragically killed by a police officer in August . His case has yet to be resolved . Residents in Ferguson plan to march starting Friday in a "  Weekend of Resistance " to demand the resignation of the local prosecutor . When we pull the lens out and take a larger look at the issue we are faced with similar situations across the country , as in the case of John Crawford in Beavercreek , Ohio , or the case of Eric Garner in Staten Island , New York . When conflict between police and communities of color occurs , the issues of racism , profiling and bias simmer to the surface . These moments create pause for many Americans . Familiar questions come up : "  Why did the police shoot ? What made them make the decision ? " Each of these regrettable encounters has to be evaluated case by case based on specific circumstances , even if there may be substantial historical and cultural undercurrents of racial issues that run through them . We can not draw blind conclusions ; we have to seek the truths . We have to seek answers that will provide both communities of color and police agencies with a better understanding of the problems and tools to fix them -- together . A collaborative effort could result in building better communication , and more importantly , trust . This week , I was invited to a community meeting in DeKalb County , Georgia , that was attended by about 100 people from diverse social and economic backgrounds . The event came about as a reaction to the vivid images in the media surrounding the conflict between the African-American communities and police . A 9-year-old asked me : "  Why do police shoot people ? " As I looked down into his face , it was clear that he was afraid . The fear in his eyes seemed to ask if he would somehow be deliberately harmed by police . A 16-year-old African-American asked what she should do if she is pulled over by the police at night . Then a woman asked : "  If I were stopped by the police and asked to step out of the car , should I ? " These are the types of questions that are often asked by people of color . The ongoing reports of incidents in the news have only increased their anxieties . But police have a hard job to do . They are here to protect and serve the communities they work and live in . They are trained to follow policies and procedures while working in potentially dangerous situations . Police officers do the very best they can in circumstances that are often unpredictable . In enforcing community laws , police officers are given a great deal of responsibility , latitude and discretion . It is essential that we support and respect police officers and the daily challenges they face . Their decisions and actions are constantly being evaluated and at times second-guessed . This creates an environment of suspicion and mistrust , which in turn creates a distance between the police force and those they serve . It is unfortunate that there are communities where citizens feel they can no longer trust their local police officers and other law enforcement agents . How we can remedy this situation ? What do you do or say to ease the fear of a 16-year-old who is concerned about driving home at night and being pulled over by a police officer ? As a first step , we need to start a discussion in communities . We need to listen to people 's concerns and work together to forge a better understanding of each other . We must have trained professional police officers who will stand for us , be with us , and protect us . When we see police or hear police we should know that they are coming to help us or someone else . In order for our society to function optimally and effectively , we have to do away with the negative emotions . I strongly encourage that police and community members meet to dispel and reduce the anxiety and fear that is on both sides . Police officers are human , too . Across the country , there are police departments that are doing a fantastic job and there are others that are beyond challenged . But we all have to do our part to establish , maintain and nurture strong and collaborative relationships . We have to find a way to meet in the middle where both the community and police can trust each other ; otherwise there will be anarchy . As the national president of the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives , I understand the importance of equality and human rights . We have to be fair and impartial to everyone and know that we all have a shared responsibility in maintaining a safe community . Trust is something we have to work toward in this country .	Residents in Ferguson , Missouri , plan to march about the case of Michael Brown Cedric Alexander : We have to find ways for police and communities of color to work together He says we should support and respect police officers who are trying to protect citizens Alexander : Let 's find ways to dispel and reduce the anxiety and fear that is on both sides
CNN  -- The world watched Manchester , and Manchester watched the world turn red and blue . According to some analysts more than 600 million people across the globe tuned into see the blue of Manchester City beat the red of Manchester United 1-0 , arguably the biggest audience for the biggest match in English Premier League history . Vincent Kompany 's headed goal deep in first-half injury time was enough to take City top of the league from their rivals on goal difference . Psychologically , with two games left , it could prove decisive and hand City the advantage as they hunt a historic first Premier League title . The match itself was enthralling without being exciting , tense without many chances on goal . But by the end , as Manchester City fans sang their club 's famous adopted song "  Blue Moon , " there was a sense that history was being witnessed . United coach Alex Ferguson lost his cool and remonstrated with his opposite number Roberto Mancini . But the game was lost for United . Perhaps as one empire rises , another falls . TV networks from China to Qatar sent their chief correspondents to relay something of the febrile atmosphere to their expectant domestic audiences , audiences that have taken English football as their own over the past two decades . Even in America , traditionally one of the few bastions of football refuseniks , TV chiefs decided to upgrade the match to ESPN 's main channel . This , CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin told us , was a very big deal indeed . Yet it was n't always like this . Once , not so long ago , few outside of those standing on the terraces attending this derby match in the north west of England would have been able to watch the spectacle . True the Manchester derby has always been a passionate , sometimes brutal affair over the years . The fortunes of both the red half of United and the blue of City have ebbed and flowed as the decades pass . City have n't won the league for 44 years . Instead they watched United become the greatest team of the Premier League era , not to mention arguably the most recognizable and profitable brand in the world . But in 1974 the boot was on the other foot when Denis Law -- a United legend who had signed for City -- sheepishly backheeled the goal that relegated United to the second division . Such a scenario in 2012 would be unthinkable . Today the Manchester derby has reached the kind of global prominence that Barcelona versus Real Madrid -- even if Spain 's biggest match is n't a derby in the truest sense of the word -- would normally enjoy . Its rise is much more than just the story of two successful football teams . The rise of the Manchester derby is also the story of the rise of globalization . United and City are separated by just five miles yet the local has become the global . On the pitch , 10 different nationalities featured . The stadium 's naming rights have been sold to a Middle Eastern airline . United is owned by the Glazer family , the American venture capitalists who knew virtually nothing about football outside of their love of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers , who bought the English club in an unpopular leveraged buy out . Manchester City has been transformed by the mega money from the Arab world , owned as it is by Sheikh Mansour from the ruling family of Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates . It was Sheikh Mansour 's money that turned a sleepy , underperforming club into champions elect . As the movement of capital and talent has been made easier , football -- and especially the Premier League -- has reaped the financial benefits . But no two entities have benefited more than Manchester 's two football clubs . "  I think we deserved to win this game , " Mancini told British TV after the match . "  I think next Saturday we 'll have another difficult day . " And he 's right , of course . Manchester City easily fended off United 's late charge . United did n't even manage a shot on target during the entire 90 minutes . Now the two teams are equal on points with just two matches left . As Mancini said , next Saturday will be the same as Monday ; a difficult day , almost too close to call . But there 's one thing that you can predict . On Saturday the world will be watching once again .	Manchester City beat Manchester United 1-0 in derby match key to title race City captain Vincent Kompany heads the game 's only goal at the end of first half City go top in the English Premier League on goal difference with two games to play Worldwide audience of 600 million watched the game between fierce local rivals
CNN  -- A 17-year-old accused in a high school shooting that left three dead in Ohio pleaded not guilty Friday , and his bail was set at $ 1 million . T.J. Lane was indicted in the shooting deaths of three classmates at Chardon High School . A judge ruled last month that he could be tried as an adult . Lane sat quietly during Friday 's brief proceedings , answering a few questions from Geauga County Judge Forrest Burt . Lane 's attorneys said they reserved the right to enter a later plea of not guilty by reason of insanity . Authorities allege that on February 27 , Lane walked up to a table at the high school cafeteria and started firing . "  He was silent the entire time , " said Nate Mueller , who was a few feet away from the gunman . "  There was no warning or anything . He just opened fire . " A teacher identified as Frank Hall helped chase the gunman out of the school . Police arrested Lane a short time later . When the violence ended , six students had been shot , and in the following days , three died : Daniel Parmertor , 16 ; Demetrius Hewlin , 16 ; and Russell King Jr. , 17 . Finding ` new normal ' after school shooting Days after the attack , prosecutor David Joyce said Lane admitted taking a .22 - caliber gun and a knife into school that morning and firing 10 rounds , choosing his victims randomly . Joyce said that in the months since the bloodshed , he has met with the families of the victims on a constant basis . "  Their child was murdered , " he said . "  Justice for them would be to see Mr. Lane detained for an extended period of time . " Though Lane could be tried as an adult , federal law prohibits capital punishment for anyone under the age of 18 . "  Obviously , he ca n't be put to death as a juvenile , but he can certainly be sentenced to life without parole , " Joyce said . "  That 's up to a jury to decide . " Lane was indicted on six charges : three counts of aggravated murder , two counts of attempted aggravated murder and felonious assault . Burt ordered Lane to a juvenile detention center until June 18 , when he will be transferred to the Geauga County Jail .	NEW : Attorneys say they might enter plea of not guilty by reason of insanity T.J. Lane , 17 , is accused of fatally shooting three high school classmates in February He was indicted on charges of aggravated murder , felonious assault A judge ruled in May that he can be tried as an adult
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli police and security services have arrested four Palestinian men in connection with the December slaying of American tourist Kristine Luken , authorities said . The four suspects are Palestinians from the villages of Tarkumieh and Tzurif near Hebron in the southern West Bank , police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . They will be charged Wednesday with murder in Luken 's death , and also with killing an Israeli woman , Neta Sorek , in February 2009 . They also will be charged with the attempted murder of Luken 's friend , Kay Susan Wilson , and the attempted murder of another couple , Rosenfeld said . The four admitted carrying out the crimes , Rosenfeld told CNN , and told police the motive was revenge for the January 2009 killing of Hamas official Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai . Al-Mabhouh , a founding member of Hamas ' military wing , was found dead in his Dubai hotel room . The Israeli Mossad is widely suspected in his death . DNA from the crime scenes also directly connected some of the suspects to the crimes , Rosenfeld said . Four other men were arrested on suspicion of being accomplices to Luken 's murder . Luken was killed while hiking with Wilson , her friend and co-worker at a Christian ministry , in a forest near Jerusalem . Luken 's body was found after Wilson stumbled into a picnic area with her hands bound , bleeding from multiple stab wounds and asking for help . Authorities believe the two women were approached by the suspects , who asked them for water , then were attacked a few minutes later . Wilson told authorities they were bound and gagged , then Luken was stabbed to death . Wilson was also stabbed multiple times but played dead until the suspects left . Luken and Wilson , a British citizen living in Israel , both worked for CMJ UK , a Christian ministry based in England .	4 other men are suspected of being accomplices The suspects will be charged with Kristine Luken 's murder and a second death They told police the motive was revenge for the death of a Hamas leader
U.S. Special Forces parachuted overnight into Somalia from fixed-wing planes , then advanced on foot to a compound holding two kidnapped international aid workers and freed them , U.S. officials said Wednesday . The nine gunmen holding the hostages -- an American and a Dane -- were killed , the officials said . Jessica Buchanan , 32 , and Poul Thisted , 60 , had been held since October 25 , when they were abducted in Galkayo , central Somalia , after they visited humanitarian projects , said the Danish Refugee Council , the agency for which they worked . Neither was harmed , the aid group said . They were taken to a regional medical facility , Pentagon spokesman George Little said Wednesday . "  They are not hospitalized , " said Andreas Kamm , secretary-general of the Danish Refugee Council , so "  we take it as a sign that they 're OK . " The pair phoned their families from the African nation of Djibouti after the rescue , said Ann Mary Olsen of the Danish Refugee Council , according to Danish TV2 reporter Thorkild Dahl . The Navy SEAL unit that killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden last year in Pakistan participated in the mission , a U.S. official said , without specifying whether any of the same individuals were on both assaults . Pentagon spokesman Little said the rescue team included special operations troops from different branches of the military but would not specify which branches . The SEALs are part of the Naval Special Warfare Development Group , formerly known as SEAL Team Six . The special forces troops took fire as they fought their way into a compound where the hostages were held , the official said , adding the troops believed that the kidnappers were shooting . The official is not authorized to speak to the media and asked not to be named . Nine gunmen were killed in the strike , Little said , adding that they had explosives nearby . There were no known survivors among the kidnappers , he added . The American assault team did not suffer any casualties , the Pentagon said . The special forces took the hostages from the compound and onto waiting helicopters , the U.S. official said . The United States was in close contact with Denmark before , during and after the raid , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said . White House spokesman Jay Carney , traveling Wednesday with President Barack Obama to Iowa , said the commander-in-chief learned of the success of the mission at 6:43 p.m. Tuesday , more than two hours before he delivered the State of the Union address . "  The decision to go ahead with this rescue mission was made because there was information concerning the deteriorating health of Ms. Buchanan , as well as a window of opportunity to execute this mission , " Carney said . Obama , who had given the go-ahead at 9 p.m. Monday , was updated on its progress throughout Tuesday , Carney said . Minutes after concluding his speech , at 10:32 p.m. , the president telephoned Buchanan 's father to inform him of the mission 's success , Carney said . John Buchanan told CNN he was "  flabbergasted " when Obama called up out of the blue . "  He said , ` John , this is Barack Obama . I 'm calling because I have great news for you . Your daughter has been rescued by our military . ' "  Then he referred to his daughters , obviously had a human element there . Then he said something to the effect of , ` People just ca n't do this to our citizens , especially young people who are trying to help others . ' " "  I 'm extremely proud and glad to be an American , " Buchanan said . "  I did n't know this was going to transpire . I 'm glad it did . " He said Jessica was "  doing well , under the circumstances . " Buchanan said he planned to fly Thursday to meet his daughter , but he could not say where that would take place . At his State of the Union address , before news broke of the rescue , Obama told Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , "  Leon , good job tonight . Good job tonight . " The hostages were safe at that point , but the mission was not yet complete as the American assault team had not departed Somalia , Little said . In a statement , Obama thanked the special operations forces for their "  extraordinary courage and capabilities . " "  The United States will not tolerate the abduction of our people , and will spare no effort to secure the safety of our citizens and to bring their captors to justice , " Obama said . "  This is yet another message to the world that the United States of America will stand strongly against any threats to our people . " Panetta monitored the rescue from the White House , Little said . In a statement , Panetta called the raid "  a testament to the superb skills of courageous service members who risked their lives to save others . " Speaking on ABC 's "  Good Morning America , " Vice President Joe Biden said of the special forces : "  It just takes your breath away , their capacity and their bravery and their incredible timing . " Capt. John Kirby , another Pentagon spokesman , said the abductors were ordinary criminals . "  They were kidnappers . We do n't have any indication that they were connected to any terrorist group or ideological group at that point , " he said . "  They were not Al-Shabaab , " Little said , referring to the al Qaeda-linked Islamist militia that holds sway over parts of Somalia . He said the sense of urgency with regard to the hostage situation had increased from mid-January . "  It 's safe to say that within the last week or so , we were able to connect enough dots that we could make the decisions that were made , " Kirby said , referring to the intelligence U.S. officials had to go on . The area where the hostages were seized is known as a hub for pirates , rather than an area of Islamic militant activity . A number of high-profile abductions of foreigners have occurred in Somalia and in Kenya , close to the largely lawless Somali border . Some of the kidnappings have been blamed on Al-Shabaab , while criminals seeking ransoms seem to have carried out others . In an exclusive interview with CNN , Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga congratulated the United States on the rescue and said he supported further U.S. and NATO action on the ground in Somalia . "  We would really like to see more concerted international effort in dealing with issues of international terrorism , " he said . "  This action will send a very clearly signal to the Al-Shabaab that it does n't matter how long they hold  their  hostages , the international community will continue to keep them on the radar . " Kenya sent troops over the border into Somalia in October to take on Al-Shabaab in response to abductions of aid workers and tourists . The U.S. raid comes nearly three years after Navy snipers killed three pirates who had taken hostage the captain of the Maersk Alabama off Somalia . U.S. forces did not coordinate the raid with local officials , but residents welcomed the outcome as a warning to other groups to cease the kidnapping of foreigners , said Abdirahman Mohamud Farole , president of Puntland , a semiautonomous region of Somalia . Thisted , the rescued Dane , is a senior aid worker , said Olsen of the Danish Refugee Council . Local authorities gave conflicting casualty figures after the raid . Some officials said seven gunmen were killed , but Mohamed Ahmed Aalin , president of Galmudug state , said nine were killed and five others detained by U.S. forces . The aid workers were part of the Danish Refugee Council 's de-mining unit , which aims to make civilians safe from landmines and unexploded ordnance . "  We have been congratulated from all corners of the Somali society , and we have been told of celebrations in the the capital Mogadishu , in Galkayo and in the streets of Adado , where the local community has worked very hard to help Poul and Jessica , " Olsen said . "  Their efforts have not been wasted . " Buchanan has been employed as a regional education adviser with the mine clearance unit of DRC since May ; Thisted , a community safety manager with the de-mining unit , has been working in Somaliland and Somalia since June 2009 .	U.S. State Department was in close contact with Denmark about the raid Rescued American 's father was "  flabbergasted " when Obama called him with the news Prime Minister Raila Odinga of neighboring Kenya says he backs more U.S. action in Somalia Jessica Buchanan and Poul Thisted were kidnapped in October in Somalia
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Paul Walker 's brothers are helping "  fill in small gaps " in "  Fast & Furious 7 " action sequences not finished before the actor 's death , producers said Tuesday . Walker died in a fiery car crash during a Thanksgiving break in filming last November , forcing a halt to production . "  We had to take time to grieve Paul , the brother we love and lost , and to figure out if we should move on with our film , " producers wrote to fans in a Facebook post Tuesday . The decision to resume filming was "  the only choice , " the note said . We believe our fans want that , and we believe Paul would want that , too . " Walker 's dramatic scenes were completed before his death but some action sequences were unfinished , they said . "  We have resumed shooting and now welcome Paul 's brothers , Caleb and Cody , into our ` Fast ' family , " the post said . "  Caleb and Cody are helping us complete some remaining action for their brother and fill in small gaps left in production . Having them on set has made us all feel that Paul is with us , too . " The movie was to have been released this summer , but Universal pushed it back to April 10 , 2015 . "  This film is the most important we 've ever done together , " the post said . "  It will allow the character of Brian O'Conner to live on and let us celebrate Paul in his most defining role . " Walker 's O'Conner character is a staple of the long-running and hugely profitable film franchise . Directed by James Wan , it also stars Vin Diesel , Dwayne Johnson , Michelle Rodriguez and Jason Statham . Walker 's death : Video shows car erupted in flames after 60 seconds Investigators concluded in a report released in March that speed was to blame in Walker 's death . "  Investigators determined the cause of the fatal solo-vehicle collision was unsafe speed for the roadway conditions , " Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Commander Mike Parker said . The high-performance 2005 Porsche Carrera GT was going "  between 80 and 93 mph at the time the car impacted a power pole and several trees , " the final report said . The posted speed limit on the Santa Clarita , California , office park road was 45 mph . Walker , 40 , and friend Roger Rodas , 38 , had no drugs or alcohol in their blood , the report said . Both men were wearing seat belts . The airbags deployed as they should have when the car clipped a light pole and several trees , investigators said . Nothing mechanical went wrong to cause the Porsche to leave the wide road . Investigators found "  no pre-existing conditions that would have caused this collision , " the report said . Porsche Carrera GT : 5 reasons the car Paul Walker died in is different Walker and Rodas , racing team partners , left a charity event at a car shop co-owned by the men to take a ride in an office park in the community of Valencia in Santa Clarita , about 30 miles north of Hollywood . The crash happened a few hundred yards away on a wide street . Ice Cube apologizes for offending Paul Walker fans	"  Caleb and Cody are helping us complete some remaining action , " producers say "  Having them on set has made us all feel that Paul is with us , too , " note to fans says Walker 's death last November forced a halt to production The movie was to have been released this summer , but was pushed to April 2015
CNN  -- Vermont 's House and Senate voted Tuesday to override the governor 's veto of a bill legalizing same-sex marriage in the state . Demonstrators in Iowa celebrate that state 's approval of same-sex marriage on Friday . The Senate voted 23-5 to override Gov. Jim Douglas ' veto , according to the Senate office . Shortly afterward , the House overrode the veto on a 100-49 vote . The votes surpassed the number needed -- two-thirds of those present -- to override the veto . The action makes Vermont the fourth state to legalize same-sex marriages . The others are Massachusetts , Connecticut and , as of last week , Iowa . Douglas vetoed the bill Monday . "  Vermont 's civil union law has afforded the same state rights , responsibilities and benefits of marriage to same-sex couples , " the governor wrote in a letter to David Gibson , secretary of the Senate . "  Our civil union law serves Vermont well , and I would support congressional action to extend those benefits at the federal level to states that recognize same-sex unions . But I believe that marriage should remain between a man and a woman . " Tuesday 's votes end a 10-year battle to legalize same-sex marriage in Vermont despite a court ruling legalizing civil unions , according to CNN affiliate WPTZ-TV . Same-sex marriages will become legal on September 1 . Following the House vote , corridors of the legislative building filled with jubilant supporters , some embracing and others talking on cell phones to spread the news , WPTZ said . "  We have n't decided who 's going to propose to who yet , " said one man , standing with his partner . The couple told WPTZ they will have been together 25 years in September . The Human Rights Campaign , which describes itself as the nation 's largest lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender civil rights organization , issued a statement applauding the votes , noting Vermont is the first state to legalize same-sex marriage through the legislative process . "  This historic vote in the Vermont Legislature reminds us of the incredible progress being made toward equality , " said Joe Solmonese , Human Rights Campaign president , in the statement . "  Less than five years ago , lesbian and gay couples began marrying in Massachusetts . Now , with the Iowa court decision last Friday and today 's vote in Vermont , there will be four states recognizing the right to marry for loving , committed lesbian and gay couples . " Vermont Senate President Pro Tem Peter Shumlin was quoted in the statement as saying , "  The struggle for equal rights is never easy . I was proud to be president of the Senate nine years ago when Vermont created civil unions . Today we have overridden the governor 's veto . I have never felt more proud of Vermont as we become the first state in the country to enact marriage equality , not as the result of a court order , but because it is the right thing to do . " Vermont 's neighboring state , New Hampshire , also has taken steps toward legalizing same-sex marriages . On March 26 , the New Hampshire House passed a bill by seven votes that would legalize same-sex marriage , sending it to the Senate , according to the Concord Monitor newspaper . New Hampshire Gov. John Lynch has said he opposes same-sex marriage but has not said whether he will veto a bill legalizing it . Like Vermont , New Hampshire allows civil unions for same-sex couples . "  The civil unions bill -LSB- Lynch -RSB- signed into law prevents discrimination and provides the same legal protections to all New Hampshire families to the extent that is possible under federal law , " Lynch spokesman Colin Manning told the Monitor . On Friday , the Iowa Supreme Court struck down a state law banning same-sex marriage . The decision upheld a 2007 ruling by a lower court that struck down Iowa 's 1998 law limiting marriage to heterosexual couples . Polk County District Judge Robert Hanson found that the law violated the state constitution 's guarantee of equal protection and hurt gay and lesbian couples "  in numerous tangible and intangible " ways .	Vermont House and Senate voted Tuesday to override governor 's veto of bill Same-sex marriages will become legal in Vermont on September 1 Vermont becomes fourth state to legalize same-sex marriage Jubilant supporters of the bill throng legislative building after the override votes
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- "  Indescribable " violence rippled through the Libyan city of Zawiya on Friday , according to a witness who said pro-government forces gunned down peaceful protesters there . The witness said battalions of forces loyal to Moammar Gadhafi attacked protesters with mortars and machine guns as they were demonstrating in the city 's Martyrs Square , and they assaulted an ambulance , killing its occupants . "  We buried nine people so far , " the witness said . "  The attack was indescribable . Direct gunfire was opened on people . " It was unclear who controlled the city . People in Zawiya , west of Tripoli , and "  their public leadership have secured and took control over the city from the armed terrorist elements , " state TV reported . Libyan government spokesman Majid al - Dursi told CNN that "  Zawiya has been captured , Zawiya has been liberated . " However , the witness said protesters retained some control inside the city , which security forces were surrounding . "  They  Gadhafi 's forces  have n't been in control and they never were in control , " said one rebel fighter , who said his forces lost seven men in fighting in Zawiya on Friday , versus what he said were some 20 casualties among government fighters . Referring to Gadhafi , he said , "  All the man has left is his lies . " By late Friday , the situation was quiet , he said . "  However , we 're surrounded by three areas -- the east , the west and the south . " At least 15 people died and 200 others were wounded in the city , according to one doctor , who said there was "  a river of blood " at the hospital where the wounded were being treated . "  The situation is very bad , " he said , adding that the facility was short of medical supplies . It was not clear if the casualties at the hospital were wounded during the Martyrs Square confrontation . The doctor said the wounded started arriving at the hospital Friday morning , and most of the wounds were from gunshots . In the capital city of Tripoli , security forces aboard flatbed trucks shot tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse crowds of protesters who had formed after Friday prayers in the Tajura neighborhood , witnesses said . Government officials would not allow CNN into Tajura , whose outskirts were patrolled by a heavy security presence . Security forces were searching cars along the Corniche , a main street in the city . Protesters had said they were hoping to march from the Corniche to the center of the city but were unable to do so . Witnesses said anti-government protesters hid journalists in abandoned buildings and helped move them from location to location so that they could report firsthand in safety . Near Green Square , in the center of the city , anti-government protesters emerged from a mosque to find pro-government supporters outside . Police intervened and fired shots in the air to head off a confrontation , ushering the anti-government protesters back into the mosque for their safety . In the eastern city of Ras Lanuf , meanwhile , forces loyal to Gadhafi fought with opposition members Friday , opposition fighters and commanders said . Thuds could be heard in the distance , indicating heavy fighting around the city itself . "  It 's a war , " said CNN 's Ben Wedeman , in Ras Lanuf . "  The protests are now over . " He described seeing truckloads of people "  organizing themselves in a rather haphazard way " and headed toward the front with no command-and-control structure . "  It 's complete chaos , really , " Wedeman said . Such clashes have spurred throngs of people to flee the country . The number of people trying to leave the country has declined in recent days , however , as heavily armed government forces have intensified their presence at the Tunisian border and on roads leading up to it , the United Nations refugee agency said Friday . "  We are concerned that the presence of the forces and the large drop in evacuees could mean that people are being prevented from leaving , " said Sybella Wilkes , a spokeswoman for the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . Roughly 15,000 people had been crossing the border every day , but that number plunged to fewer than 2,000 per day on Thursday and Friday . In all , 200,000 people have fled Libya , according to the International Organization for Migration , which has been working with the U.N. refugee agency on mass evacuations . Meanwhile , a doctor on the northwestern town of Misrata said it was attacked by forces loyal to Gadhafi . The assailants fired at doctors and ambulances , the doctor said . "  We are holding our city , we are trying to protect our city , " the doctor told CNN Friday morning . "  We are doing our job in the hospital and trying to treat everybody . This morning , they shot at our ambulances . One of them exploded ... they shot at our doctors . " At least 40 people were killed in the city and 300 wounded , the doctor said . While CNN has staff in some cities , the network can not independently confirm reports for many areas in Libya . CNN has gathered information through telephone interviews with witnesses . Musa Ibrahim , a spokesman for Gadhafi 's regime , has denied reports of attacks on peaceful protesters and military installations . In an interview late Friday , Gadhafi 's son Saif Gadhafi told CNN that reforms will not begin until "  militias " in the east have been defeated . He called international efforts to persuade his father to give up power "  a big mistake , " and said his father remains a popular figure in the country . "  Even if we were to hold tomorrow an election , my father would win with a big majority , " he said . Gadhafi 's aerial attacks have prompted the West to step up discussions about imposing a no-fly zone over the country . U.S. military and diplomatic officials have said enacting a no-fly zone would be complicated and risky , and international support is not strong . "  If it 's ordered , we can do it , " Defense Secretary Robert Gates said earlier this week , but imposing a no-fly zone "  begins with an attack on Libya to destroy the air defenses . " The United States is exploring a "  full range " of options , Obama said Thursday . Analysts said the Iraq war has prompted nations to be more cautious . "  We went into Iraq with a very dubious understanding of the situation on the ground , " Christopher Hill , a former U.S. ambassador to Iraq , told CNN . "  So I think there is some concern about whether refugee reports are entirely accurate in a sort of macro sense . " He added , "  I think what the president is trying to do is to try to build diplomatic support and see where we can go with this . And I think it would be highly problematic if he just jumped into something . " The Arab League has rejected international intervention , saying Libya is facing "  an internal affair that is decided by the people and their governments . " But the league can not ignore the suffering of civilians and would consider the imposition of a no-fly zone in coordination with the African Union if fighting were to continue , said Hisham Yousef , chief of staff of the Arab League . The protests have left more than 1,000 people dead and many more injured , according to the United Nations . Libya 's ambassador to the United States has estimated that the death toll was about 2,000 . The United Nations has proved to be a sore point for the Libyan government . On Friday , the United Nations said it was studying Libya 's request to install a more loyal diplomat as its ambassador . A letter from Libya 's government asked that former Foreign Minister Ali Abdussalam Treki be approved as its envoy . Treki would replace Mohamed Shalgham as ambassador in New York . Shalgham and his deputy , Ibrahim Dabbashi , have denounced Gadhafi and requested that he stop leading Libya . A separate letter from Libya to the United Nations demanded that Shalgham and Dabbashi be denied the right to speak for Libya . In emotional scenes last week , the New York-based ambassadors were hugged by fellow ambassadors after the Libyans criticized Gadhafi and pleaded in the Security Council chamber for international assistance to the country . U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky said the situation "  is complicated " and that the world body 's legal office was looking into the dueling diplomats ' situation . The International Criminal Court said Thursday that Gadhafi and some of his sons and advisers are under investigation for alleged crimes against humanity . Venezuela 's president has said Gadhafi is receptive to the idea of an international commission coming to the country . The two heads of state spoke this week . "  I consulted with him . I asked him if he was willing to accept a commission of countries , " Hugo Chavez said on state-run VTV Thursday night . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Ben Wedeman , Jill Dougherty , Catherine E. Shoichet and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report	NEW : "  They never were in control " of Zawiya , a rebel soldier says A doctor reports casualties in Zawiya ; "  indescribable " violence , a witness says Tear gas and rubber bullets are used in Tripoli , witnesses say Forces loyal to Moammar Gadhafi clash with fighters in eastern Libya
CNN  -- An American citizen has been detained in North Korea for more than a month , U.S. officials said Tuesday . The U.S. government does not believe that Kenneth Bae , who has traveled to North Korea several times before , is being mistreated , a U.S. official told CNN . Bae has been involved with a Protestant religious movement , the official said . The Swedish government , which acts as the protecting power for the U.S. in North Korea , is working to get consular access and trying to get him released , the official said . Bae 's detention was first reported by South Korean newspapers , which said that Bae , a tour operator , entered North Korea at the port city of Rajin accompanied by five other tourists . Bae and the group were on a five-day trip to the country , according to South Korea 's Yonhap News . One of the tour members was carrying a computer hard disk "  that apparently contained sensitive information , " Yonhap News reported , citing a Korean-language paper . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland would only say that the United States was aware of the reports of Bae 's detention , but because of privacy considerations , it would not discuss the issue further . "  We obviously have no higher priority than the welfare of our citizens . As you may know we have no representation in Pyongyang . The embassy of Sweden acts as our protecting power for issues involving U.S. citizens in North Korea , " Nuland said Tuesday .	A tour operator has been held in North Korea for more than a month , U.S. officials say One of the tourists had a hard disk that aroused suspicion , South Korean media report U.S. officials are saying little , citing privacy concerns , a State Department spokeswoman says
Wired  -- Unmanned aircraft , for all their utility , are fairly simple beasts . They 're good at taking direction , but they 're not so good at processing information on their own . Now the Air Force figures it 's time for drones to get a lot smarter , especially as they take off or land . As anyone who 's ever flown knows , the runway is a crowded place . Planes on the runway queue up to get airborne . Planes in the air have to coordinate with Air Traffic Control for the order in which they can safely land , taking precautions not to get in anyone 's way until it 's their turn . There 's a fair amount of information to rapidly process in order to avoid collisions and other accidents . Pilots can handle that information load . Drones ca n't . Yet . It 's one of the big reasons why the Federal Aviation Administration has been so reluctant to allow unmanned aircraft to fly over the U.S. Even robotic flights over relatively unpopulated areas along the southern border have been canceled when there 's the most routine technical hiccups . On Tuesday , the Air Force Research Laboratory at Ohio 's Wright-Patterson Air Force Base said it 'll soon solicit engineers to design an algorithm to allow drones to "  integrate seamlessly " with piloted planes for takeoff and landing . In the algorithm-driven future that the labs want to build , drones will be equipped a database of terminal procedures ; link up with Air Traffic Control ; and "  recognize the intent of other aircraft . " For instance : aircraft landing on parallel runways can appear to be on a collision course before they turn and land . Right now , a drone would simply perceive that a plane 's trajectory is going to remain unchanged , making it a threat for collision . But a capable algorithm would let the drone process Air Traffic Control information like basic airfield maps to know that there 's no actual danger from the oncoming piloted plane . "  The developed algorithm  s  , optimally , would require no more a priori information than a human pilot , " the labs instruct . "  Intent analysis should be accurate , reliable and real-time , enabling quick and appropriate decisions that are necessary in this time critical environment . " There 's a clear commercial application here . As Wired mentioned on Wednesday , FedEx is starting to think about an airfleet of linked-up drones that can fly in formation at the direction of a piloted aircraft . Building algorithms that can let drones process complex information in congested airspace sounds like a useful step toward that futuristic cargo fleet . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	Drones that process complex information in congested airspace could be useful Air Force Research Laboratory will find engineers to create drones that "  integrate seamlessly " FedEx is thinking about an airfleet of linked-up drones that can fly in formation
CNN  -- And here we were expecting a slice of key lime pie . Google has surprised the tech world by announcing that the next version of Android , its mobile operating system , will be named KitKat -- in honor of the candy bar developers munched on while they were creating it . "  We could n't imagine a better name for our Android K release than the tasty chocolate that 's been a favorite among the team since the early days of Android , " said Marc Vanlerberghe , Google 's marketing director for Android . The name keeps with a Google tradition , established in 2009 , of naming versions of the industry-leading system after sweet treats . But it 's the first time one of the nicknames has been a trademarked product and , as such , KitKat maker Nestle was needed to sign on . The Swiss food and drink maker did -- and in a big way . More than 50 million KitKat bars , specially branded with Google 's green Android robot on their packaging , will be released , giving customers a chance to win prizes that include a Nexus 7 tablet and credits to the Google Play store . A small number of robot-shaped KitKats will also be shipped as surprises for customers . The company also got in on the act with its KitKat website , which has been overhauled to look like the site of a tech company rolling out a sleek new piece of electronics . That includes an earnest promotional video that could easily be read as a swipe at Apple , Google 's chief mobile rival . "  Every corner , every edge , every finger of every bar has been carefully considered and crafted to create a beautifully immersive and multisensory experience , " Chris Caitlin , Kit Kat 's "  chief breaks officer " says earnestly over a swelling orchestral arrangement not unlike the ones Apple uses to build excitement for new products . If there 's any remaining doubt , the slogan "  There 's a KitKat for that " appears briefly on a tablet screen in the video . John Lagerling , director of Android global partnerships , told the BBC that the Nestle deal is "  not a money-changing-hands kind of deal , " but was dreamed up by developers who kept KitKats , along with other snacks , in their break room while coding . He said the Android team did n't even know which company owned KitKat and that he cold-called the switchboard of Nestle 's advertising agency in November to float the idea . The next day he was on a conference call , and the deal was sealed 24 hours later . To maintain the element of surprise -- an increasingly tough ask for big tech companies whose every move is scrutinized -- the Android team continued , even internally , calling the upcoming system "  Key Lime Pie , " which had been the presumed name for months . Android has been developed by the company 's engineers under dessert names ever since the release of Android Cupcake in 2009 . The other iterations have been named Donut , Eclair , Froyo , Gingerbread , Honeycomb , Ice Cream Sandwich and Jellybean . Google is not the only tech company to name its products along a consistent theme . But Apple appears to have recently abandoned a similar practice with its Mac operating system -- OS X . In a departure , Apple 's next Mac operating system will not be named after a cat . Instead , the 10th iteration of OS X will be called Mavericks , named for a popular surfing spot in Northern California . Previous version names have included Mountain Lion , Snow Leopard , Tiger , Lion and Cheetah . A joint statement from Google and Nestle did not give a release date for Android KitKat , although some observers expect it to be launched this fall .	New version of Android mobile operating system will be named KitKat Surprise announcement is consistent with Google 's theme of sweet treats Older Android versions include Eclair , Froyo , Gingerbread , Jellybean Deal with Nestle reportedly was struck in 24 hours
