CNN  -- Love him or loathe him , controversial striker Luis Suarez proved just why Liverpool find it hard to live without him . The mercurial Uruguayan returned to reignite Liverpool 's Premier League campaign as the Reds moved up to second with a 3-1 victory over Sunderland . Suarez was playing in his first league game since serving a 10 match ban for biting Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic last April . But Sunday was a day of celebrations not recriminations as Suarez dedicated his two goals to his newborn son Benjamin . After collecting Daniel Sturridge 's pass across the box to slot in his first goal , Suarez lifted his Liverpool top to reveal a t-shirt dedicated to his wife , daughter and new son "  Benja . " A black vest top bearing the same message was proudly on display when Sturridge and Suarez repeated their feat on the break in the closing stages of the match . Suarez needed just one touch as he stroked in his strike partner 's cross in the 88th minute . Sturridge was the first name on the score sheet at the Stadium of Light when he bundled in Steven Gerrard 's corner in the first half . The ball glanced off the England striker 's arm and into the net but the incident was not deemed to be a deliberate hand ball by the match officials and the goal stood . Sunderland , playing their first match since manager Paolo di Canio was axed seven days ago , may have felt luck was not quite on their side . Italian summer signing Emanuele Giaccherini raced on to a loose ball , scoring early in the second half to give Sunderland hope . The home side pressed on , creating chances , but interim manager Kevin Ball had to watch another defeat from the sidelines for England 's rock bottom club . Sunderland continue the season still searching for a first win . In Sunday 's first Premier League match , Norwich City earned a 1-0 away win at Stoke City thanks to a solitary goal from Jonathan Howson . The midfielder sent a dipping low drive from 25 yards out past Stoke keeer Asmir Begovic . Stoke had a penalty appeal turned down in the second half when Leroy Fer appeared to pull back Kenwyne Jones inside the area . "  It 's a penalty , " said Stoke manager Mark Hughes after the match . "  But we 're not going to hide behind that decision . "  If we 're honest , Norwich deserved to win because we did n't do enough . " In Italy , Juventus came out on top in the Turin derby with a slender 1-0 victory over hometown rivals Torino . France midfielder Paul Pogba nodded in a second half header to keep Juve level on points with Serie A leaders Napoli . Inter Milan were on the verge of closing the gap on the league leaders before Radja Nainggolan equalized for Cagliari , meaning Inter had to settle for a 1-1 draw .	Liverpool move up to second in English Premier League with 3-1 win over Sunderland Luis Suarez scores twice with England 's Daniel Sturridge also on the score sheet Italian Emanuele Giaccherini grabs consolation goal for rock bottom Sunderland Norwich collect a 1-0 away win at Stoke City as Jonathan Howson scores
CNN  -- A massive explosion at a fertilizer plant Wednesday night left much of the small town of West , Texas , in ruins . Even as the nation mourned the victims of Monday 's bombings in Boston , the new disaster left hundreds of people in West injured , homeless , and in need of help . "  These are our neighbors , they are coming to help , " Waco Police Department Sgt. William Patrick Swanton said Thursday . "  You will find that in Texas . You will find that across the United States . We put everything aside when it comes to these types of situations . " Here 's what you can do . Give blood With more than 160 people injured and others unaccounted for , the need for blood is great and will increase . Currently The Blood Center of Central Texas and Texas Voluntary Organizations Active in Disaster are asking primarily for O positive , O negative and type A blood . The Red Cross of Central Texas has a complete list of area locations currently taking blood donations . Shelter , food and clothing The Salvation Army quickly mobilized in Texas to provide food , drink and emotional and spiritual care to the survivors and first responders in West . It has set up several locations in and around the town . In addition to nourishment and counsel , the Salvation Army has set up a Joint Assistance Center , where returning residents can register for case work and assistance with the Salvation Army and other agencies . The best way to assist The Salvation Army 's efforts is through financial donation , which you can do here . In addition , Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's website has a list of shelters currently taking in victims as well as a list of local organizations taking donations of clothing and other helpful items . The Texas Rangers are also collecting donations and other items at some upcoming games . Connect with loved ones The Red Cross has activated its "  Safe and Well " website locally in West , so if you are looking for a loved one you have not been able to reach , or if you are a victim and can not reach your family to let them know you are OK , please use this website . In addition , the government has established a hotline for information on victims and survivors : 254-826-4115 . There are also numbers for all of the local hospitals available on Perry 's website . Make Donations Baylor University is fifteen minutes away from the town of West and consider all of its residents as their neighbors . University spokesperson Lori Fogleman said that thirteen students , forty-three faculty and staff and two hundred and sixty-two alumni call West home and so the university is pledging to support this town in its recovery . They 've established the West Relief Fund and will collect donations for specific projects deemed necessary by city officials in West . "  Absolutely 100 % of the profits will go back into the city of West , " Fogleman said . They will work together with city officials to determine what is needed and then students and faculty will lead groups in completing each project using the funds the university has raised . The National Fallen Firefighters Relief Foundation has established a fund to assist the survivors and coworkers of those first responders who died in the tragedy . The local fire station and its equipment was also badly damaged and is asking for donations of gear . If you do have something you wish to donate , please contact them at www.firehero.org/contact The Society of St. Vincent dePaul 's is also collecting both monetary and material donations . They are sending disaster case management teams to meet with survivors throughout the recovery process .	Hundreds were injured in Texas fertilizer plant explosion The Red Cross is helping to locate loved ones and collect blood donations The Salvation Army is providing food and shelter as well as assisting returning residents Several shelters have opened across the town of West , Texas
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Can this G-20 summit prove to be anything more than group therapy for a bunch of fingernail-gnawing , troubled individuals ? U.S. President Barack Obama and British PM Gordon Brown want financial stimulus assurances from the G-20 . The prospects are not good . The men and women called together in London by UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown to counter an economic slump are politicians -- just at a time when the world 's electorates are demonstrating their lack of faith in governments and in their ability to understand , let alone sort out , the economic mess . Thirty , 20 , even 10 years back there used to be some belief that getting the power-players together could solve problems , or at least give others a push in doing so . But it was once said of a former U.S. Secretary of State , "  There was never any world situation so bad that a few well-chosen words from John Foster Dulles could n't make it a hundred times worse . " The main task of this London summit may be simply to avoid doing that . The British talking down of expectations over the past few days has been significant . Up front , on camera , ministers make optimistic noises . Behind the scenes diplomats warn of a potential lose-lose scenario . If the summit fails to agree , it will destroy what is left of any confidence in the world 's trading centers . Who 's who at the G-20 " But if the G-20 leaders do sign up to an agreement , it is likely to be so anodyne that it wo n't make any difference , other than boosting a few participants ' opinion poll ratings at home a notch or two for being seen to try . It was always unreal to imagine that the economic ministers of the G-20 nations were going to re-write their budgets in 24 hours in London . And since the G-20 does n't have a permanent secretariat , who is going to enforce anything they do agree ? The run-up to the summit has revealed essential differences in approach between the principals . U.S. President Barack Obama and Brown both favor driving on fiscal stimulus , even if the governor of the Bank of England is cautioning his prime minister he ca n't afford to throw any more money at the problem . Obama , Brown together before the G-20 summit " Brown and Obama have limited room for maneuver since both their countries have such hefty current account and budget deficits . They just do n't have the money to do it themselves , and they may have trouble persuading those who do have the cash to use it . In an uncomfortable reminder of serious divisions over the Iraq war , Germany 's Chancellor Angela Merkel and France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy , each with more national traditions than Obama and Brown , and with their welfare states already pumping money into their economies as unemployment increases , are pursuing a different agenda . Blaming "  Anglo-Saxon economics " and dodgy banking practices for the mess , they do n't want more funds injected . Watch the view from France " They want to focus on tougher regulation of the financial community . They want the summit to start re-writing the global rulebook on capitalism . Sarkozy , a man constitutionally uncomfortable unless the spotlight is shining on him , has even threatened to walk out of the G-20 proceedings rather than sign up to anything he does n't consider tough enough on reining back tax havens , policing hedge funds and restricting the bonus culture . Facing growing unpopularity at home , he is back on the "  moral capitalism " kick he evidenced when holding the EU presidency . The intriguing thing is that the economic crisis and Brown 's lining up with Obama , who has proclaimed his belief in the enduring "  special relationship " with Britain , has revived the Franco-German alliance which used to dominate EU affairs and which had seemed to wither under Merkel and Sarkozy . She does n't like his touchy-feely ways , he finds her incremental style of politics frustrating . They had drifted apart , but they are back sharing a political tent . Their agreement does not just make life uncomfortable for Brown . It means that on his first trip outside the U.S. , Obama is facing unexpected tensions with instinctive allies and the possibility of being associated with discord and failure . He must be disappointed too at the overall contribution from the EU , which sees many of its newer members to the east struggling for survival in the economic slowdown . The EU response has been insignificant , poorly co-coordinated , and divided . Jose Manuel Barroso , the president of the European Commission , has outlined six areas on which the Europeans hope the summit will focus . They include , tactfully , both Brown 's fiscal stimulus and Sarkozy/Merkel 's tougher regulation of markets . The big question on the fiscal stimulus front is : What will China do ? The Chinese perspective " Brown 's hope is that China , worried about the safety of its money invested in the U.S. , will be ready to commit extra funds to fighting the world recession . But if he agrees to do so , President Hu Jintao will surely exact a price . Already the G-8 countries have seemingly conceded that the world 's current problems are too big for them to solve and that G-20 is a more appropriate forum . If China comes up with the money to help , it will need assurances that it will in the future enjoy greater power within such multilateral institutions as the IMF and the World Bank . The U.S. and Europe , who have dominated the G-8 , now have little option too but to accept a new world order . The G-20 meetings -- remember that chap George Bush who called one in Washington last November ? -- have given Asia , India , China and Latin America a much-needed voice at the top table . Whatever the outcome in London it is unlikely now that the G-8 alone will ever carry the same sway . And not surprisingly , Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , who hosts this summer 's G-8 in Sardinia , has proposed that its gathering should be immediately followed by one of the G-20 .	First challenge for G-20 is to not make things worse U.S. , UK looking for financial stimulus to boost economies France , Germany want more regulation ; big question is what will China do ? Asian , Latin American nations ' involvement at G-20 may reduce G-8 influence
CNN  -- A California woman was indicted late Wednesday on charges of sending money to Pakistan to help fund terrorist attacks against U.S. military personnel , federal officials said . Oytun Ayse Mihalik , 39 , of La Palma was charged with three counts of giving money to someone in Pakistan who knew the funds would be used to prepare and carry out attacks against American troops , the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Los Angeles said in a statement . Mihalik , a native of Turkey , was accused of sending $ 2,050 in three wire transfers to a person in Pakistan over a period of three weeks in late 2010 and early 2011 , the statement said . Thom Mrozek , a spokesman for the attorney 's office , would not comment on the identity of the person in Pakistan . A telephone message left late Wednesday by CNN for Mihalik 's attorney , Alan Eisner , was not immediately returned . Mihalik has been in U.S. custody since August 27 , 2011 , after she was detained at Los Angeles International Airport where she was preparing to board a flight to Turkey , the statement said . She had a one-way ticket , it said . Federal authorities say they first questioned Mihalik on August 8 at the airport where she had just arrived from a six-month trip to Turkey . At that time , they allege she lied to agents , saying she had never used an alias to send money via Western Union to a person overseas , authorities said . It was unclear how authorities linked Mihalik to the alleged payments , and they did not say how they identified her alleged use of an alias . Mihalik was initially indicted on August 30 on one count of making a false statement . A federal grand jury returned a superseding indictment Wednesday , charging Mihalik with three counts of providing material support to terrorists and one count of making a false statement . The charge of providing material support to terrorists carries a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison ; the charge of making a false statement in a matter involving international terrorism carries a maximum penalty of eight years . An arraignment date has not yet been set . A trial on the initial count of making a false statement was previously scheduled for February 14 .	A federal grand jury indicts a California woman for allegedly funding terrorist activities Oytun Ayse Mihalik is accused of giving money , to be used in attacks , to someone in Pakistan Federal authorities say the money is being used to carry out attacks against American troops
CNN  -- There are years of shockers . There are years of groundbreakers . And then there are years of "  meh . " 2012 was one big stream of meh . "  Meh , " as defined by The New York Times Magazine  which features a weekly "  Meh List "  , describes "  all those things in life that exist at the top of the fat middle of the bell curve of taste . " They do n't inspire wonder or excitement . They do n't arouse fury or contempt . As the Times puts it , they 're "  not hot . Not not . Just meh . " So consider 2012 . Lindsay Lohan allegedly drunk , in a car accident , arrested ? Whatever . "  Call Me Maybe " and all of its YouTube parodies ? Next . "  The Dark Knight Rises " ? It was OK . 2012 : Highs and lows of women in Hollywood It was the kind of year in which buzz faded quickly -- if it ever started at all . Not even Justin Bieber could shake things up .  See ? You yawned when I mentioned "  Justin Bieber . " Pop culture is being made , remade , remixed , rebooted and churned up so fast that , sometimes , the only reaction is a slightly exasperated , seen-it-all-before sigh . There were exceptions , of course . Jennifer Lawrence blossomed into a major star with her performances in "  The Hunger Games " and "  Silver Linings Playbook " ; the fact that she describes herself as "  just really boring " bodes well for her career  as an actress , not a tabloid staple  . Comedy Central 's dynamic duo -- Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert -- seldom missed when skewering the hypocrisies of an over-the-top election campaign . Moreover , a number of the year 's deaths caused us to catch our breath , including the tragic passings of such notables as Whitney Houston , Levon Helm and Dick Clark . Usually , though , events went by with the weight of a breeze . "  Gangnam Style " was fun the first million or so times you saw it ; by the time its YouTube counter passed 100 million , it was time to ask Psy , what more do you have ? One Direction is packing them in , but so did the Jonas Brothers , New Kids on the Block and the Bay City Rollers . Honey Boo Boo may be a sign of the reality TV apocalypse , but there 's a new one of those every six months . Sure , it 's the nature of pop culture . Once Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton ruled the planet ; now they 're the subject of a much-mocked TV movie . Still , it 's striking how little from the entertainment world 's 2012 will likely be remembered in a year or two . Before long , the year will be the subject of one of those History Channel specials , sandwiched between a Hitler documentary and "  Ax Men . " And then we 'll glance up , grab the remote and say , "  Meh . What else is on ? "	Year 's entertainment events seldom stood out Many seemed to repeat themselves : Lindsay Lohan 's issues , new boy bands Year was marked by tragic deaths , including that of Whitney Houston But in general , pop culture recycled so fast the new quickly became old
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Many Americans are finding ways to trim their holiday budgets this year , but reports are showing that buying video games is one place consumers are not cutting back . Through November , video game sales are up 22 percent over 2007 . According to market researcher NPD Group , U.S. retail sales of video games totaled $ 2.91 billion in November , a 10 percent jump from a year ago . Overall sales this year through November are more than $ 16 billion , up 22 percent from 2007 . Anita Frazier , an analyst from NPD , cites the industry 's wide content variety on newer generation consoles such as Nintendo 's Wii , Sony 's Playstation 3 and Microsoft 's XBOX 360 as a reason for the strong performance . Frazier also says that video games are a relatively cheap form of entertainment , considering the hours of value they provide . Matt Helgeson , senior editor at Game Informer magazine , agrees . "  Video games can take between 10 and 40 hours , sometimes 50 hours , to complete " depending on the title , Helgeson said . "  Gamers can often get two to three months out of one game . " Furthermore , during these recessionary times , Helgeson explains that video games "  provide the ultimate escapism . " According to NPD , some of the top-selling game titles in November include "  Gears of War 2 , " which sold 1.6 million copies , and "  Call Of Duty : World At War , " which sold 1.4 million . Nintendo 's "  Wii Play " and "  Wii Fit " put up impressive numbers , as well . With those kinds of sales , video games have potential to be one of the most popular stocking stuffers for kids this holiday season . Helgeson says that these days , games are a core part of being a kid , and it 's no longer a question of "  do you play video games ? " Instead the question is "  what games are you playing ? " "  Ages , races , social groups -- video games cut across all platforms , " Helgeson said . Whether you 're shopping for a hardcore gamer or something for the family , "  there is something for everybody . "	Video game sales were $ 2.91 billion in November , a 10 percent jump from last year Game Informer editor : Video games provide good value "  Gears of War 2 , " "  Call of Duty : World at War " two popular games this season
CNN  -- Keyboard player Jon Lord , who fused classical and heavy metal to make Deep Purple one of the biggest rock bands in the world , died Monday after a long battle with pancreatic cancer . He was 71 . Lord suffered a fatal pulmonary embolism , or a blockage of the lung artery , according to a statement posted on his website . Born in Leicester , England , on June 9 , 1941 , Lord took classical music lessons as a child , and as a teen became enamored with the sound of the blues organ . Later , he was among the first musicians to successfully and seamlessly blend the two influences using a Hammond C3 organ , distorting the sound , and routing it through amplifiers . Fleetwood Mac 's Bob Welch dies at 66 While best known for co-writing the Deep Purple hit , "  Smoke on the Water , " Lord never strayed far from his classical roots . The band 's "  Concerto for Group and Orchestra " in 1969 was one of its first chart successes . Combining his dazzling virtuosity on the keyboard with the equally virtuosic Ritchie Blackmore on the guitar , the band left behind a string of rock classics that showcased their musicianship : "  Space Truckin , " "  Highway Star , " "  Child in Time . " At its heyday in the 1970s , Deep Purple was as big as the Rolling Stones , Led Zeppelin and Black Sabbath , selling more than 100 million albums . "  We 're as valid as anything by Beethoven , " Lord said in an interview with NME magazine in 1973 . He retired from the band in 2002 , and spent the following years working on solo material and collaborating with others , including work last year on a single by the supergroup WhoCares , featuring Purple singer Ian Gillan , Sabbath guitarist Tony Iommi , Iron Maiden drummer Nicko McBrain and former Metallica bassist Jason Newsted . Actress Celeste Holm dead at 95 Last August , Lord posted a message to fans where he revealed he was fighting cancer and would be taking a break from performing . "  I shall of course be continuing to write music -- in my world it just has to be part of the therapy -- and I fully expect to be back in good shape next year , " it said . He canceled a July 6 show in Germany where he was scheduled to perform with the Hagen Philharmonic Orchestra , with his website attributing it to "  a continuation of his regular treatment . " He died Monday at The London Clinic , surrounded by family members , the site said . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived Do you have a memory associated with Jon Lord or Deep Purple ? Share with us in the comments below .	Jon Lord suffered a fatal pulmonary embolism after a long battle with cancer He fused classical and heavy metal music ` Smoke on the Water ' co-writer was 71
CNN  -- We first thought about starting this piece with the story of Saleha Begum , a survivor of Bangladesh 's 1971 war in which , some reports say , as many as 400,000 women were raped . Begum had been tied to a banana tree and repeatedly gang raped and burned with cigarettes for months until she was shot and left for dead in a pile of women . She did n't die , though , and was able to return home , ravaged and five months pregnant . When she got home she was branded a "  slut . " We also thought of starting with the story of Ester Abeja , a woman in Uganda who was forcibly held as a "  bush wife " by the Lord 's Resistance Army . Repeated rape with objects destroyed her insides . Her captors also made her kill her 1-year-old daughter by smashing the baby 's head into a tree . We ran through a dozen other stories of women like Begum and Abeja , and finally realized that it would be too difficult to find the right one -- the tale that would express exactly how and in what ways sexualized violence is being used as a weapon of war to devastate women and tear apart communities around the world , conflict by conflict , from Libya to the Democratic Republic of Congo . It is because of this complexity that we must understand how sexualized violence is being used . We must understand in order to stop it -- just as , when seeking to defuse a bomb , it is crucial to know its components . Both the World Health Organization and the U.N. Security Council have recognized that there is a lack of research on the nature and extent of sexualized violence in conflict , even as there is increasing demand from U.N. bodies , donors , and others for better analysis to work toward prevention and healing . All of this is why we have begun a new project at the Women 's Media Center that breaks down the specifics of sexualized violence into areas such as its motives and patterns , its fallout , and the gender and cultural attitudes that may have led to it . We 're calling our project Women Under Siege , because with four women being raped every five minutes in Congo alone , we can say it is nothing less than that -- an ongoing siege . And it 's time we began to put an end to it . Sexualized violence may be the only form of violence in which the victim is blamed or is even said to have invited it . In war , rape shames women , men , children , entire societies . The stigma imposed on all who are touched by this violence makes this weapon incredibly effective as a means of destroying the enemy . But it is crucial to remember that it was n't always like this , nor does it have to be . Sexualized violence is n't a "  natural " part of conflict . For the first 90 % or more of human history , females and males had roles that were balanced and porous . Our societal positions were n't based on the domination of females by males . Humans and nature , women and men , were linked rather than ranked . The circle , not the hierarchy , was the organizing principle of our thinking . By analyzing how sexualized violence was used to ethnically cleanse , as it was in Bosnia ; to force pregnancies that would literally change the face of the next generation ; or , as in Egypt , to stop dissent , we can look to future wars and possibly prevent a reoccurrence . For generations , we have ignored or been denied knowledge of the mass sexualized violence inflicted on Jewish women in the Holocaust . Women who survived brutal attacks have even been accused of collaborating in order to survive , just as , say , a raped woman in the Congo may never be accepted back into her village or family because she is considered culpable . Last year , a book called "  Sexual Violence Against Jewish Women During the Holocaust " brought to light how the Nazis perpetrated rape and sexual humiliation on a tremendous scale . Yet none of this had been revealed or tried at Nuremburg . If we 'd known about this earlier , might it have helped prevent rape camps in the former Yugoslavia ? Or rape as a weapon of genocide in the Congo ? Naming sexualized violence as a weapon of war makes it visible -- and once visible , prosecutable . What happened to men in the past was political , but what happened to women was cultural . The political was public and could be changed ; the other was private -- even sacred -- and could not or even should not be changed . Making clear that sexualized violence is political and public breaks down that wall . It acknowledges that sexualized violence does not need to happen . When masculinity is no longer defined by the possession and domination of women , when femininity is no longer about the absence of sexual experience or being owned , then we will have begun . But first , we have to stop saying sexualized violence is inevitable , or allowing its victims to be blamed . We have to imagine change before we can create it . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Steinem and Lauren Wolfe .	Gloria Steinem , Lauren Wolfe : Rape is used as tool of war to devastate women , communities They say it has n't been well studied ; understanding its roots is important to stopping it New project , Women Under Siege , aims to study causes of sexualized violence Writers : Ensuring this violence is acknowledged as political , public is crucial first step
Sanford , Florida  CNN  -- Current and former neighbors call George Zimmerman caring , passionate and polite , a regular guy they enjoyed being around . But critics of the investigation into the death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin at the hands of the Florida neighborhood watch volunteer have portrayed Zimmerman in other terms . They say he recklessly pursued Martin and possibly engaged in racial profiling . They 're demanding that Zimmerman , 28 , be arrested in the death of Martin , who was shot last month while walking to the house of his father 's fiancee after a trip to a Sanford convenience store . Zimmerman has said he acted in self-defense . The debate that has riveted the nation in the past few days has largely been framed in racial terms . A police report describes Zimmerman as white ; his family says he is Hispanic and he has wrongly been described as a racist . Martin was African-American . On Wednesday , Martin 's father , Tracy , said race played a role in the police investigation . "  Had Trayvon been a white kid ... Zimmerman would have been arrested , " he said . Critics have accused the Sanford Police Department of mishandling the case . Police Chief Bill Lee announced Thursday he is stepping down "  temporarily " because he was becoming a distraction to the investigation . The president of the NAACP , Benjamin Jealous , said Lee failed to do his job . "  The reality is that this chief had probable cause to lock up a man who shot a boy in cold blood -- because he shot a boy in cold blood -- and he failed to do that , " Jealous said . Gov. Rick Scott announced Thursday that he was appointing Angela B. Corey of the 4th Judicial Circuit as state attorney in the investigation . Members of Martin 's family were among demonstrators Wednesday in New York for a "  Million Hoodie March , " a reference to the attire the 17-year-old was wearing when he was shot . "  A black person in a hoodie is n't automatically suspicious , " an online protest page said . "  Let 's put an end to racial profiling . " A former high school classmate painted a different picture of Zimmerman . "  A race thing ? That is definitely not the case , " Eric Gross of Greenville , South Carolina , said on Thursday . "  He is by far not anywhere near a racist . I was n't there , but he was a good guy . " The two attended Osbourn High School in Manassas , Virginia . Zimmerman attended a four-month law-enforcement program in 2008 at the sheriff 's office , said Kim Cannaday , spokeswoman for the Seminole County sheriff 's office . In his application for the course , Zimmerman wrote : "  I hold law enforcement officers in the highest regard and I hope to one day become one . " Opinion : Why black people do n't trust police Zimmerman has remained quiet over the shooting . His father said Zimmerman moved out of his home after receiving death threats . CNN has made numerous attempts to contact him , but has been unsuccessful . The paths of Trayvon Martin and Zimmerman intersected on February 26 . The watch volunteer saw the youth and called 911 to report a suspicious man , authorities said . "  Something 's wrong with him . Yep . He 's coming to check me out , " Zimmerman told a police dispatcher in a 911 call released Monday . "  He 's got something in his hands . I do n't know what his deal is . Send officers over here . " The teen started to run , Zimmerman reported . When he said he was following , the dispatcher told him , "  We do n't need you to do that . " Shortly afterward , neighbors began calling 911 to report a fight , then a gunshot . By the time police arrived , Trayvon Martin was dead . Martin was unarmed . In a police report , Officer Timothy Smith said Zimmerman stated he was "  yelling for someone to help me , " but the victim 's family said it was the teen asking for help . The death has sparked allegations that Zimmerman took Florida 's "  stand your ground " law too far by chasing after the teen . Police added that while it was suggested Zimmerman not chase him , it is "  not a lawful order that Mr. Zimmerman would be required to follow . " "  Mr. Zimmerman was not acting outside the legal boundaries of Florida Statute by carrying his weapon when this incident occurred , " Lee said recently . "  He was in fact on a personal errand in his vehicle when he observed Mr. Martin in the community and called the Sanford Police Department . " Lee added that Zimmerman had a permit for the weapon . Zimmerman 's family has denied that race played a role , saying he has many minority relatives and friends . "  The portrayal of George Zimmerman in the media , as well as the series of events that led to the tragic shooting , are false and extremely misleading , " his father , a retired magistrate judge , wrote in a letter published in the Orlando Sentinel . "  Unfortunately , some individuals and organizations have used this tragedy to further their own causes and agendas . " "  George is a Spanish-speaking minority with many black family members and friends , " Robert Zimmerman wrote . "  He would be the last to discriminate for any reason whatsoever . " Frank Taaffe , a neighbor in Florida , told CNN 's John Zarrella that Zimmerman "  had a passion for the safety of our neighborhood and he demonstrated to the rest of us that one person could make a difference . And he was an average guy , just like me . " Zimmerman was a student at Seminole State College , but the college said Thursday that it had "  taken the unusual but necessary step this week to withdraw " him from enrollment . It cited the high-profile nature of the controversy and said the decision was based on concern for the safety of Zimmerman and the students on campus . Heated debate has erupted over whether Zimmerman used a racial slur during the 911 call , a recording of which was released this week . "  We did n't hear it . However , I am not sure what was said , " said Sgt. David Morgenstern of the Sanford Police Department . "  I have listened to the tapes , and I have not heard them use a racial slur , " concurred City Manager Norton Bonaparte . A top CNN audio engineer enhanced the sound of the 911 call , and several members of CNN 's editorial staff repeatedly reviewed the tape but could reach no consensus on whether Zimmerman used a racial slur . Whether Zimmerman used such language before shooting Martin is key , according to CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin . "  It 's extremely , extremely significant because the federal government is not allowed to prosecute just your ordinary , everyday murder , " he said . "  Two people fighting on the street is not a federal crime . However , if one person shoots another based on racial hostility , racial animus , that does become a federal crime . " Toobin said that if "  very shortly before " the shooting , "  Zimmerman used this racial epithet to refer to the person he openly shot , that very much puts it within the FBI 's and the Justice Department 's ambit of a case that they could prosecute . " Police say they have not charged Zimmerman because they have no evidence to contradict his story that he shot in self-defense . Taaffe told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell that his friend was only inquiring about why Martin was in the area , considering there had been documented incidents involving young black men in the neighborhood committing crimes . But he said that in no way did Zimmerman target Martin . "  Zimmerman is not a racist , " he told Velez-Mitchell . "  George Zimmerman is a caring man . " In Manassas , Virginia , former neighbor George Hall recalled Zimmerman as being a polite young man . Hall wrote a positive recommendation for Zimmerman , who he said wanted to attend a police academy . Hall called the Zimmermans good neighbors . "  They were all good . Helpful , friendly , cheerful . I never saw anything negative in any of them , " he told CNN 's Brian Todd . "  I just never did . I 'm floored . I really am . " CNN 's Kim Segal , Mallory Simon and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	Protesters have called for George Zimmerman 's arrest They say race has played role in investigation Neighbors say Zimmerman is caring and polite Florida college withdraws him from enrollment
CNN  -- While most photos are digital these days , there was a time when sepia-toned hard copies of pictures were regarded as precious relics -- and families would be thrilled to get their hands on any from times past . Some lucky families were recently able to do just that , thanks to the effort of one St. Louis County , Minnesota , man . When Matt Seppo , facilities supervisor for the Chris Jensen Nursing Home , came across bags of old photographs at the center while cleaning up in 2005 , he could have just thrown them out with the rest of the trash . But he did n't . A self-described history buff and amateur genealogist , Seppo was already hooked on working with old images . "  I am a collector , " he told HLN . "  I collected a lot of old military things for years . My interest in genealogy started when my grandmother passed down a photo album from the 1860s . " Seppo traced his own family tree and learned that his family came to the United States from Finland in the mid-1800s . So when he discovered the photos at the nursing home , Seppo decided to take on the challenge of getting the photos back to their owners -- or at least their owners ' living relatives . But how do you trace photos that are from so long ago ? "  I started by turning them face-down , feeling thickness of paper to separate the batches . I also used stamps to discern time taken and where they were developed , " Seppo said . He also used phone books , newspaper archives , Census information and the genealogy site of the Church of Latter-day Saints to aid his research . Seppo had the photos for eight years before he finally found a lead that connected him to what he was looking for in November . "  The big breakthrough was that finally I found some of the people they should belong to , " he said . "  I did it on my own . I used Google for some of the research , but I 'm the last person to get a cell phone and a computer , " he laughed . The bags contained roughly 150 photos , some of them dating as far back as 1890 . One man -- Seppo describes him as "  very distinctive " -- appeared in many of the photos , from baby pictures to older shots . Seppo discovered his name was La Verne Swenson  which was also written on one of the bags the photos were in  , but that there was no link between him and the nursing home . "  I found La Verne 's brother and sister after doing some research in Wisconsin , " Seppo said . "  I found a newspaper clipping that led me to believe that a woman named Julie Swenson was married to a man that was related to La Verne . And it turned out that La Verne 's sister , Lillian , and her brother , Olaf , had a baby -- and that was Eugene , Julie Swenson 's husband . " The Swensons were n't the only family Seppo was able to track down . He also managed to track down the Hunter family in Cloquet , Minnesota , and give Mickey Hunter photos of his great-great-grandfather he had never seen before . "  You know more about my family than I do , " Seppo said Hunter told him when they met for the first time . He was right , too -- Seppo had managed to find Hunter 's relative by tracing a World War I draft registration and then finding descendants of the name . While Seppo has many more photos to go through , he said he feels happy that he has finally met with some success .	Man returns found photos to families in his free time The property manager is also a history buff Matt Seppo : ' I just could n't throw them out '
At 107 years old , World War II veteran Richard Overton credits God for his longevity . "  If man had it , I 'd have been dead , but God 's got it , and he 's keeping me well , " said Overton , believed to be the oldest known American veteran of the war . And in his more than century of life , he 's seen both the good and bad . "  He was there at Pearl Harbor when the battle ships were still smoldering . He was there at Okinawa . He was there at Iwo Jima , where he said . ' I only got out of there by the grace of God , ' " President Obama said Monday during a Veterans Day ceremony at Arlington National Ceremony honoring Overton . Overton volunteered for service in 1942 , becoming a member of the Army 's 188th Aviation Engineer Battalion , an all-black unit that served on various islands in the Pacific . He does n't enjoy thinking or talking about it , telling CNN he "  forgot all that stuff . " "  When the war ended , Richard headed home to Texas , to a nation bitterly divided by race . And his service on the battlefield was not always matched by the respect that he deserved at home . But this veteran held his head high , " Obama told the crowd of roughly 4,000 people . Overton visited Washington for the first time earlier this year . His first stop was the World War II Memorial . Then he saw the Martin Luther King Jr. . Memorial . "  As Richard sat in a wheelchair beneath that great marble statue , he wept . The crowd that gathered around him wept , too , " Obama said Monday as he described the veteran 's visit . "  To see one of the oldest living veterans of World War II bear witness to a day , to the progress of a nation that he thought might never come . " Monday 's audience gave Overton two standing ovations for his service . At the end of the day , he spoke to CNN while taking in the World War II Memorial at night . Overton said he was happy to meet the President . "  I did n't think there  was  gon na ever be a black president , " he said , "  but it finally did happen . " And , while giving credit to God for living well over 100 , Overton says he does n't take any medicine and enjoys his vices . "  I drink whisky in my coffee . Sometimes I drink it straight , " he said . "  I smoke my cigars , blow the smoke out -- I do n't swallow it . "	Richard Overton , 107 , volunteered in World War II and went to Pacific islands President Obama , audience of 4,000 honor Overton at Arlington National Cemetery Overton has his vices : "  I drink whisky in my coffee . Sometimes I drink it straight "
CNN  -- Funny things flags . Essentially they 're just pieces of colored cloth , but run any of them up a pole and they become powerful talismans capable of making people behave in peculiar ways . The stories behind national pennants can be inspiring , intriguing and often give an insight into the culture and history of the country . We 're all about raising standards and we think some of the tales behind these patriotic pennants are worth saluting . What flags do you love and why ? Leave a comment . Canada Say what you like about over-polite Canadians , at least they 've managed to ditch the Union flag of their former British overlords . Canadian leaders debated furiously before finally adopting the resplendent red maple leaf in 1965 , an ensign pointedly free of colonial images . Good thing they did , because it gives Americans and Brits a useful flag to slap on their backpacks to stop people hating them . One original proposal , rejected by parliament , featured blue stripes and a maple trefoil that almost completely failed to resemble a cannabis leaf . What to say : "  The Canadian flag has saved my bacon a few times . " Flag it up : Brockville is birthplace of the flag . Main attraction ? Possibly the U.S. border 15 miles away . Nepal Square flags are for squares . As the only country with an ensign that does n't have four 90-degree corners , Nepal is in a league of its own . Its double triangle design symbolizes the mighty peaks of the Himalayas where foreign mountaineers have planted so many other national flags . The sun and moon symbols represent calmness and resolve -- character traits needed to tolerate the Everest-sized egos of those flag-planting foreign mountaineers . What to say : "  Nepal 's 1962 design marked a new a pinnacle for world flags . " Flag it up : You can plan a flag-planting exercise of your own via Nepal 's trekking agencies . Greece Few flags evoke the nation they represent as well as Greece 's . The blue stripes conjure the cobalt summer skies and azure seas that annually lure millions of vacationers ; the white recalls spotless coastal buildings dotting its beautiful coastline . The nine stripes are said to represent ancient muses or possibly the number of syllables in the battle cry "  eleftheria i thanatos , " meaning "  freedom or death , " used in wars against the Ottomans . What to say : "  Tentative signs of a recent economic recovery are a good excuse to wave the flag . " Flag it up : On the gorgeous Cyclades islands the buildings wear the national colors with pride . Bhutan At first glance , Bhutan 's flag appears to bear the image of a dragon on wheels . The reality is n't much less exciting . The beast in question is Druk , a thunder dragon of Bhutanese Buddhist mythology . Rather than riding on castors , he is in fact clutching a spherical jewel in each claw . As flag stories go , this one is n't bad either . The dragon is said to symbolize the origins of religious teachings on which Bhutan was founded . Drukpa Buddhism was so named by its 12th-century founder , Tsangpa Gyare Yeshey Dorji , because he heard the thunderous sounds of dragons while hunting for a monastery site in Tibet . What to say : "  Vacations are never a drag-on this side of the Himalayas . " Flag it up : It 'll cost you a dragon 's hoard of silver to travel there , but this isolated kingdom is worth it . United States Poor Old Glory . Those starry spangles and candy stripes have become a teensy bit overexposed thanks to recent American ventures in overseas troublespots . This is a shame as the modern incarnation of Betsy Ross 's purported creation is an oft-imitated design of which Americans are rightly proud . So proud in fact , it 's one of the only flags to have a National Anthem  "  The Star-spangled Banner "  written specifically about it . What to say : Oh long may it wave . Flag it up : Do n't get into a flap about whether she designed it or not , just visit Betsy Ross 's home in Philadelphia . Brazil Given Brazil 's skills on the pitch , you 'd be forgiven for thinking its flag symbolizes a blue soccer ball being booted into space from a grassy stadium . It does n't . Less excitingly , the green harks back to Portuguese colonial-era royalty , while the slice of night sky represents , even more prosaically , federal regions . It 's still a much-loved design , even among non-Brazilians . What to say : "  Brazil 's success in securing the upcoming soccer World Cup and Olympics justify the flag 's ` ordem e progresso '  order and progress  slogan . " Flag it up : You can take your own flag to Brazil for next year 's soccer World Cup Finals . Indonesia The simplicity of the Indonesian flag belies an interesting tale  if true  . The story goes that as they were shaking off the shackles of Dutch colonial invaders , Indonesian freedom fighters created their flag by tearing the blue strip off a Dutch tricolor . Another version claims the flag 's colors are derived from those representing the archipelago 's 14th century Majapahit Empire . Either way , it excuses the fact it resembles an upside-down Polish flag . What to say : "  Indonesians know how to tear a strip off oppressors . " Flag it up : Surabaya 's luxury Hotel Majapahit is supposedly the scene of the flag-tearing incident . Mozambique Mozambique 's flag features a gun ! Yes , there 's a book , symbolizing education , and , yes , there 's a hoe symbolizing agriculture . But there 's also an AK-47 assault rifle symbolizing the country 's bloody struggle for independence . The only national flag bearing a firearm , it 's the subject of intense debate in the now largely peaceful country . Many there feel it 's time to ditch the weapon . What to say : "  The economy is booming , not the guns . " Flag it up : Mozambique 's flag carrying LAM Airlines is banned in the EU . Panama Given that it 's so widely displayed on ships using the country 's emblem as a flag of convenience , it 's fascinating to see what they almost used . This rather alarming alternative version , designed by Frenchman Philippe-Jean Bunau-Varilla , is meant to resemble the country 's famous canal . Thankfully , then-president Manuel Amador Guerrero rejected it and hired his son to produce the current ensign , adopted in 1925 . The colors represent the country 's main political parties . What to say : "  The alternative flag would have been a danger to shipping . " Flag it up : You can board the Panama-registered Carnival Breeze for a quiet cruise -- just you and 3,689 other passengers . Greenland Granted home rule from Denmark in 1978 , Greenlanders decided they needed something new to fly above their frosty territories . The result , adopted in 1985 , is both an exercise in classically minimalist Scandinavian design , and a bold departure from other flags favored by Nordic nations . Many in Greenland had hoped to emulate Denmark and its neighbors by using a Christian cross -- preferably white on green -- but from 555 submitted designs , a committee instead chose a red and white split circle on a contrasting background . The symbolism is n't too hard to read : a red sun sinking down into snow and ice . What to say : "  Let 's hope global warming does n't necessitate a redesign . " Flag it up : You can witness Greenland 's fantastic sunsets for yourself . United Kingdom The UK 's Union Flag has long lived a double life , serving both as national emblem and an erstwhile fashion icon -- although its associations with the Swinging Sixties are these days just as likely to bring to mind Austin Powers ' underwear . The flag itself is an exercise in nation building , originally combining the blue and white saltire of Scotland 's patron Saint Andrew and the red cross on white of England 's Saint George when the two countries united in the 18th century . The red diagonal cross of Ireland 's Saint Patrick was added later . Of course , all this could change again if Scottish people vote for independence in a referendum scheduled for 2014 . In which case , perhaps Wales might finally get a mention . What to say : "  Groovy , baby ! " Flag it up : The Union flags may not be so prominent these days , but London 's Carnaby Street is still a swinging center for fashion . Which flag do you think has the best design ? The most boring ? Share your opinion in the comments . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Barry Neild .	Colors clash on Brazil 's flag , the ball of stars looks messy ... yet somehow it works Canada 's maple leaf flag is one of the most recognizable in the world Mozambique 's flag features a gun , symbolizing the country 's struggle for independence
CNN  -- Are the world 's top male players playing too much tennis ? It is a question that has been asked frequently over the years , but recent comments from world number three Andy Murray , and former world number one Andy Roddick , have indicated the matter could be coming to a head . With a schedule that runs from the beginning of January to the end of November , taking in 65 singles tournaments , the ATP World Tour came under scrutiny like never before when Murray hinted that the world 's top players were prepared to take strike action in an attempt to modify the calendar . "  We 're only proposing small changes , a few less mandatory events and some more rest periods , " said Murray . "  Tennis is in a great place right now but there are just a few minor things we 'd like to see changed and we hope to sit with the ATP and other officials and discuss them . Two or three more weeks off a season is really what we are thinking of . " And Murray 's comments were backed up by Roddick , who told reporters : "  It 's a more physical game than it used to be , but the season is longer than ever . "  I do n't think we 're storming offices , but I think the sentiment is still there . We need to be smart about it and take our time and make sure that it 's well thought out and not be kind of reactionary . But , you know , there is a discussion going on . " The absence of Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic from the recent Shanghai Masters indicates , in Roddick 's opinion , that the demands are too harsh on the top players . "  They do n't get their money this week . If they were feeling well and they were n't worn down , then they would be here , " he continued . "  We 're not getting away with anything by pulling out of tournaments . I feel like that 's the way it 's presented sometimes . That 's just not the case , " he added . The lowdown Yet , despite the claims of both Murray and Roddick , the facts show that the number of singles tournaments has actually fallen over the last 11 years . In year 2000 there were 69 ATP Tour singles events , however , that figure steadily decreased during the last decade and since 2007 it has remained static on its current number . And , for those 65 events , there has been a significant increase in the prize money on offer from the ATP Tour , with prize funds set to exceed $ 90 million for the first time by 2014 . So why are is there a perception that players are playing more tournaments , than ever before ? Somebody who knows all about the rigors of the ATP Tour is Australian Mark Woodforde . The 46-year-old won a remarkable 67 doubles titles , many alongside compatriot Todd Woodbridge , with the duo completing the grand slam of all four major doubles titles . In addition to this , Woodforde also managed to win four singles titles , reaching a career-high 19th in the world in 1996 , and has first hand knowledge of how demanding the circuit can be . "  When I was playing and performing well in both singles and doubles , the calendar issue was raised even then , " Woodforde told CNN . "  What with Davis Cup ties , the Olympics etc , you never felt like there was any time to take a breather , it was full on . "  The weeks off were cherished . As an aspiring player , you play to gain experience -- and since you may not survive through to the end of a tournament , the toll is not as great on you physically or mentally . Losing first and second round matches can be replaced by simply entering another event to compensate , " added Woodforde . "  Yet as a top player , you end up playing many more matches , the pressures are greater , you try to strike a healthy balance to prepare for excellence at the grand slams and it 's a continual mounting of pressures . " The reaction Woodforde also believes it a positive thing that today 's players are campaigning together , although he does not necessarily believe reducing the calendar is the way forward . "  There is a fear that by shortening the calendar to accommodate players requests of resting at the end of each season -- their agents will slot exhibition matches in their place , which will be worth more financially to the player  and their agent !  , " Woodforde added . "  Perhaps there should a total blackout of all exhibition matches for a period of say four weeks -- and if the players are in need of some competition , they can go back and play some club tennis . " Another former player , and now commentator , Andrew Castle also believes the schedule is fine as it is . In his column in British newspaper Metro , Castle said : "  Players are obliged to play eight mandatory Masters 1000 tournaments , four 500 ATP events and the four majors , plus the World Tour Finals if they qualify . "  With pre-grand slam events thrown in , we are looking at a commitment of 30-34 weeks of the year . I am looking at it and thinking there is n't a lot to moan about . "  The players are under a lot of strain and the tour takes its toll -- but if your body is telling you something , listen to it and withdraw from the odd tournament . " The future Since his initial comments , Murray has seemingly backtracked on any talk of strike action , telling reporters : "  When I said a strike was a possibility , I did n't expect that to be such a massive issue . "  It 's so far away from being at that level . None of the players want to strike and I think we are maybe coming across as being a bit spoiled when I do n't think that is the case . " The ATP politely turned down CNN 's request for an interview regarding a proposed players ' meeting , although ATP Tour spokesman Simon Higson said : "  The players should and do have a major say in how the game is run , which is one of the key reasons the ATP Tour was formed as an equal partnership between players and tournaments . "  We have regular discussions with the players , including very recently , and are always receptive to their input . It 's important to let them have time to discuss and focus on which topics are most important to them and then we can work together on next steps and solutions . " Sporting strikes are not a new phenomena . In the last year alone there have been disputes in both Major League Baseball and NBA basketball in the United States , as well as the top soccer leagues in Spain and Italy , which have resulted in a cessation of play . Whether such extreme measures will eventually happen in tennis would appear unlikely at this stage , but what is clear is that some high-profile players are unhappy with their work-load and unless administrators , players and sponsors alike are all singing from the same hymn sheet , the current rumbles of discontent could become louder and louder in the weeks and months ahead .	The ATP Tour tennis schedule is coming under fierce scrutiny once again Andy Murray and Andy Roddick are among the players who want a reduction in tournaments Mark Woodforde believes more big-money exhibitions will be played if the schedule is reduced
U.S. Rep. Trey Radel said Wednesday night he will take a leave of absence for an unspecified time and donate his salary . "  I have no excuse for what I have done . I have let down our country , " he said at a news conference . Radel spoke to reporters after returning home to southwest Florida , hours after he pleaded guilty to misdemeanor cocaine possession . The 37-year-old first-term Republican from Florida said he will enter an inpatient drug treatment program . The cocaine possession charge came after authorities said he bought a small amount of cocaine in a sting in the nation 's capital last month . During the brief news conference , Radel said he "  grew up with a mom who struggled with alcoholism . " "  I do n't want my son to struggle with that , " he said . The plea and sentence were part of a deal that Radel 's attorney struck with federal prosecutors . He could have received a maximum sentence of 180 days imprisonment or a $ 1,000 fine , or both . Instead , he was placed on one year probation , and if it is "  successfully completed , " his guilty plea will be cleared from his record . "  Your honor , I apologize for what I 've done , " Radel told Judge Robert Tignor in court Wednesday . "  I think in life I 've hit a bottom where I realize I need help . " Radel said he is aggressively pursuing that help , with the support of friends and loved ones . He was charged after he bought 3.5 grams of cocaine from an undercover police officer in Washington 's Dupont Circle area on October 29 , court documents say . Who is Trey Radel ? It was a sting that stemmed from a broader FBI/Drug Enforcement Administration investigation of a drug trafficking organization in the nation 's capital , law enforcement officials told CNN on condition of anonymity . The targets of the investigation are dealers and high-level people in the organization , not buyers and users . But a dealer who was arrested last month told federal agents that one of his customers was a congressman , one of the law enforcement officials said . So , deciding they could n't turn away from that , agents set up the sting , the law enforcement officials said . Court documents say Radel gave the undercover officer $ 260 for the cocaine outside a restaurant , and the two got into the officer 's vehicle , where the officer gave Radel the cocaine . Federal agents approached Radel after he left the vehicle , and Radel dropped the cocaine to the street , according to court documents . Radel then agreed to talk to the agents in his apartment , where he admitted he bought cocaine , according to the documents . "  The defendant also retrieved and provided to the agents a vial of cocaine that he had in his apartment , " the court documents say . A tea party favorite , Radel was elected last year to represent southwest Florida 's 19th Congressional District . He is a former journalist and TV news anchor , having worked for WINK in Fort Myers , Florida . He also owned and eventually sold the Naples Journal newspaper , according to a biography on his congressional website . Radel is married with a young son . He is active on Twitter , where he posts about touring the Capitol , listening to hip-hop , playing guitar and opposing Obamacare . In a statement released by his office this week , Radel said he is "  profoundly sorry to let down my family , particularly my wife and son , and the people of Southwest Florida . " "  I struggle with the disease of alcoholism , and this led to an extremely irresponsible choice , " he said . "  As the father of a young son and a husband to a loving wife , I need to get help so I can be a better man for both of them . "  However , this unfortunate event does have a positive side . It offers me an opportunity to seek treatment and counseling . I know I have a problem and will do whatever is necessary to overcome it , hopefully setting an example for others struggling with this disease . " A spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner said in a prepared statement this week that members of Congress "  should be held to the highest standards , and the alleged crime will be handled by the courts . " "  Beyond that , this is between Rep. Radel , his family , and his constituents , " Boehner 's spokesman said .	"  I have no excuse for what I have done , " Radel says He says he grew up with a mom who struggled with alcoholism He pleads guilty to misdemeanor cocaine possession , gets a year of probation Authorities say he bought 3.5 grams of cocaine from an undercover officer last month
CNN  Journalist Martin Boudot was frighteningly close when terrorists stormed the offices of Charlie Hebdo . "  At first , we just heard shots . We heard screams , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . Boudot and his colleagues made a mad dash for the roof . They did n't know what to do . "  We knew that there were victims a few meters away from us , but there might be , you know , some explosives somewhere or maybe a third guy , " Boudot said . They made their way to the offices of the satirical magazine once the shooting stopped . "  It was a slaughter . It was like a massacre , " said Boudot . He saw the bodies of those killed in a meeting room . In total , 12 people were shot dead in Wednesday 's attack , including a building worker , two police officers , eight journalists and a guest of the magazine . Those who survived were shell-shocked . "  They were just standing like , not zombies , but you know they were like standing and they did n't do anything , " Boudot said . The journalist described the gunmen as professional , people who knew their way around weapons . It was a sentiment echoed by a doctor who helped treat the wounded and spoke with survivors of the attack . Dr. Gerald Kierzek said the gunmen divided the men from the women before opening fire . The shooting was not a random spray of bullets , he said , but more of a precision execution . The gunmen asked for specific people by name before killing them , the doctor said . French police were still looking for at least two suspects Wednesday night : Cherif Kouachi and Said Kouachi . Both are potentially armed and dangerous . Citing sources , the Agence France Presse news agency reported that a third suspect had surrendered to police . CNN has not independently confirmed whether that is true . Paul Moreira , another witness to the attack , knew many of the victims . "  The stairways were full of blood , and I saw heavily injured people , " he told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront , " including a friend he 's known for more than 20 years who was shot in the legs . He also saw the doorman . "  The man that I would see every morning -- this grumpy guy that we liked and appreciated -- he was lying down in his blood . He was dead . "  They  the gunmen  wanted to go inside as quick as possible . He was n't fast enough to open the door of the building and they shot him , " Moreira said .	Journalist Martin Boudot , colleagues ran to roof when shooting started He saw bodies of the dead , said survivors were in shock Doctor who treated wounded said gunmen separated men from women before shooting Not a spray of bullets , more like an execution , doctor said of shooting
My friend was just murdered under the guise of revolution . His name was Alyn Beck . He was a cop . Two unhinged people walked into a restaurant in sunny Las Vegas and attacked my friend Alyn and his partner , Igor Soldo , shooting them dead as they ate their lunch . They then turned and yelled something about it being the "  start of the revolution , " witnesses said . They left behind a "  Do n't Tread on Me " flag and a swastika . They killed another person at a Walmart and then themselves . These two did n't start a revolution . They just took the lives of two heroes . They tore fathers from children and turned wives into widows . They brought darkness into the lives of all who loved these two men and another bystander . They traumatized people who witnessed the tragedy . They left a scene of carnage for dozens of fellow police workers -- the fallen cops ' friends , colleagues -- to process emotionally and mentally . All for some perverse , horrific act masquerading as revolution . Authorities say that the shooters viewed law enforcement as oppressive and that they had participated in anti-government protests . But you do n't start a revolution by ambushing two innocent men in a fast food restaurant . These were n't policymakers . They were n't "  big government henchmen . " They were two good cops . We may all have problems with cops sometimes . Who has n't felt angry after getting pulled over ? And yeah , I know some cops are just plain bad . Some are just out to push people around . Some are drunk on their authority and try to dominate everyone they encounter . And some hurt people . But anyone who knows any cops personally knows that those are the exceptions . Because for the most part , cops are good folks simply doing our dirty work . They are the society 's janitors , taking out the trash and cleaning up the messes none of us want to deal with ourselves . Like you and me , they work for a paycheck , only their office is a squad car , their market is something like the Wild West and their briefcase is generally a 9 millimeter . Unless you are in fact "  a bad guy , " most of these men and women in uniform are n't making your life more difficult , they 're making it easier . They are not a target of your revolution ! Whatever your desired revolution , it should n't take its power from cowardly acts of violence inflicted on the innocent . Alyn 's killers should be shunned in the public memory -- there is no cause that can redeem them . We must forget them . Their brave victims are the ones to be honored and celebrated . My friend , Alyn , was a dynamite guy . He was a riot to be around : kind and funny , capable of ridiculously juvenile behavior but also profound intellectual depth . Alyn helped me build the shed in my backyard . He insisted on helping . He was a tireless worker , and once he was done with a job , he 'd be the one bringing you a lemonade . Alyn was a family man , a devoted husband and dad , and with the birth of a daughter , he was relishing the joy of being a new father again after over a decade of raising his first two wonderful kids . He liked to swim with his kids in the backyard . He loved going dancing in clubs with his wife . He was remarkably patient in training and tolerating the family 's lovable but absolutely insane dog , Marty . As a cop , Alyn was top notch . When it came time for business , he was the first guy through the door , the one you would want showing up if you were in any kind of danger , because he was fearless and capable . And now Alyn is dead , because two jerks decided they could n't patiently let the system work like the rest of us . They could n't control their impulses . They could n't act like adults . These were not heroes or revolutionaries . They were cowardly psychopaths who chose to throw a terrifying tantrum . If you 're frustrated with government , if you 're worried about the republic , if you 're convinced black helicopters are watching you in the night or there is something else under your skin , there 's something you can do : Start a blog , write a book , go to a protest , join a cause , call a senator , call a talk show , run for office . Do what people in a free society do , not what out-of - control adolescents in "  Lord of the Flies " would do . And if you just ca n't restrain yourself from going on a murderous rampage followed by your own cowardly suicide , do the rest of us a favor and do it in reverse order . Shooting a cop does n't make you a revolutionary . It just makes things worse for everyone . Goodbye , Alyn . Thanks for making my life better than it would have been otherwise .	Tracy Smith : My friend Alyn Beck was shot by two unhinged people bent on ` revolution ' He says shooting innocents does n't spark revolution ; it wrecks lives and families He says Alyn and his partner were good cops , not ` government henchman ' Smith : If you 're angry at authority , you can start a blog or join a cause
CNN  -- World number one Roger Federer was knocked out of the Estoril Open on Saturday , after losing to defending champion Albert Montanes , 29 , of Spain 6-2 7-6  7-5  in the semifinals of the Portugal tournament . The 16-time champion , who is six weeks away from beating Pete Sampras 's record of 286 weeks as the globe 's top-ranked men 's player , lost to Montanes on a rain-soaked clay court in under 90 minutes . Montanes will now face Portugal 's Frederico Gil in Monday 's final . However , the 28-year-old Federer -- who beat Nikolay Davendenko to win the event in 2008 -- remained confident about his clay-court form , despite this loss coming on the back of an opening match defeat at last month 's Rome Masters . "  I 'm not worried , " Federer told the official Web site of the Estoril Open . "  My goal is n't to win 12 tournaments a year , it is the big events : the Masters , the grand slams and keeping the number one ranking . "  My decision to come to Estoril was the right decision . I would like to return again in future . I know that good things are around the corner , " Federer added . "  I 'm disappointed to have played a match like this , where I got off to a bad start again . I did n't play that badly in the second set , I had my moments but my movement was a little slow . "  I 'm lacking matches , " said Federer . "  I 'll keep practicing hard again . Conditions will speed up in Madrid and Paris -LSB- at Roland Garros -RSB- . I must take positives into the next few weeks . " Federer was using the tournament as a warm-up to the French Open , where the Swiss ace will be looking to defend his title when the tournament starts at Roland Garros on May 23 . Anastasija Sevastova of Latvia beat Spain 's Arantxa Parra Santonja 6-2 7-5 to win the women 's final in Estoril . Meanwhile , world number two Novak Djokovic pulled out of the Madrid Open on Saturday due to continued breathing problems . An allergic reaction to pollen in the air forced the 22-year-old player to retire from a game at the Serbain Open on Friday .	World No. 1 Roger Federer is knocked out of the Estoril Open Swiss ace is defeated by Albert Montanes 6-2 7-6  7-5  in the semis Federer says "  I 'm not worried " in build up to defending his French Open title
CNN  -- NFL player Richie Incognito wants an expedited hearing on his suspension from the Miami Dolphins so he can return to the field soon . Incognito filed a "  non-injury grievance " against the Dolphins , who suspended him for conduct detrimental to the team earlier this month , according to the NFL Players Association . Incognito said in an interview last weekend that his alleged bullying of Miami Dolphin teammate Jonathan Martin is misunderstood because "  people do n't know how Jon and I communicate to one another . " Martin , 24 , left the team last month because of "  harassment that went far beyond the traditional locker room hazing , " Martin 's lawyer said . Days later , Incognito , 30 , was suspended . "  The grievance challenges his suspension for conduct which was alleged to have occurred while he was with the club , " the association 's statement said . "  In the grievance , Incognito requests that the hearing be held on an expedited basis so that he can immediately resume playing for the team . " The Dolphins declined CNN 's request for comment on the filing . "  Our organizational policy is not to comment on grievance matters , " a team spokesman said . Dolphins owner : "  We need to look at ourselves " The NFL appointed veteran lawyer Ted Wells to investigate the controversy surrounding Martin 's departure and Incognito 's suspension . Miami Dolphins owner Stephen Ross said he called for the independent investigation by the NFL because he knew the objectivity of a team investigation could be questioned . "  We need to look at ourselves , " Ross said . "  We have to examine everything internally . I know that this is so appalling to me . " But Ross also said he wanted to avoid overreacting . He formed a committee to help guide the changes , including former Dolphin coach Don Shula and quarterback Dan Marino . "  We all know that the football locker room is a different workplace than most of us are accustomed to , " Ross said . "  Basically , I do n't want to make any excuses . I want to know that our workplace going onward will be the best workplace that you can find in the NFL . " Incognito acknowledged in an interview aired on "  Fox NFL Sunday " that he used racist and vulgar language in voice mails and text messages to Martin but said it was "  coming from a place of love . " "  No matter how bad and how vulgar it sounds , that 's how we communicate , " he told Fox Sports reporter Jay Glazer . "  That 's how our friendship was . " "  For instance , a week before this went down , Jonathan Martin text me on my phone ' I will murder your whole F-ing family , ' " Incognito told Glazer . "  Now , do I think Jonathan Martin was going to murder my family ? Not one bit . " Dolphins owner delays meeting with Jonathan Martin While Martin has not spoken publicly since the controversy erupted , his attorney David Cornwell broke the silence on his behalf with a prepared statement last week . Martin tried "  to befriend ... teammates who subjected him to the abuse with the hope that doing so would end the harassment " -- something Cornwell called "  a textbook reaction of victims of bullying . " The taunting did not stop , however , the lawyer said . He cited "  a malicious physical attack on him by a teammate and daily vulgar comments , " and a threat of a group sexual assault against Martin 's sister . "  Eventually , Jonathan made a difficult choice , " Cornwell said of Martin leaving the Dolphins . " ... Jonathan looks forward to getting back to playing football . In the meantime , he will cooperate fully with the NFL investigation . " "  The face of bullying in America " "  Right , wrong or indifferent , because of all this , you 've become the face of bullying in America , " Glazer told Incognito . "  Someone thinks of a bully , they think of Richie Incognito . " "  This is n't an issue about bullying , " Incognito said . "  This is an issue of my and Jon 's relationship , where I 've taken stuff too far , and I did n't know it was hurting him . " A profanity-filled voice mail from Incognito to Martin that has been made public was intended to shock him so "  his buddy " would call him back , he said . "  I understand why a lot of eyebrows get raised , " Incognito said , "  when people do n't know how Jon and I communicate to one another . " Richie Incognito , Jonathan Martin , and the NFL 's future CNN 's Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Dolphins suspended Incognito , accusing him of conduct detrimental to the team Incognito files a "  non-injury grievance " against the Dolphins Incognito wants case settled quickly so he can get back on the field
CNN  -- A 3-year-old boy who was taken at gunpoint from his California home nearly two weeks ago has been found , authorities said Saturday . Briant Rodriguez , 3 , was taken during a home invasion on May 3 in San Bernardino , California , police say . Briant Rodriguez was found wandering the streets of Mexicali , Mexico , by a police officer late Thursday , said San Bernardino County Sheriff Rod Hoops . After clearing paperwork with Mexican officials , California authorities reunited the boy with his mother Saturday in the border town of Calexico , Hoops said . "  We 're very happy that he 's alive , " Hoops said . "  A 3-year-old goes missing in this country for two weeks -- sometimes it has an unhappy ending . "  This one did not . " Watch portion of sheriff 's news conference " The boy had been missing since May 3 , when two men armed with handguns burst into his family 's home and tied him up -- along with his mother and four siblings . The men ransacked the home before leaving with Briant , a small amount of cash and some personal property , San Bernardino sheriff 's spokeswoman Cindy Beavers said . Authorities had not caught the suspects as of Saturday evening . Hoops said authorities have information about at least two suspects -- who were captured on video at a home-improvement store near the Rodriguez home buying tape like the kind that was used to bind the family . He said the names of the suspects , and what authorities believe was a motive , are not being released because they could jeopardize the investigation . He also declined to say what relationship the suspects may have had with the family or whether the kidnapping is linked with drug crime that has run rampant in Mexican border towns in recent months . Members of drug cartels in the border region have been known to use kidnapping as a means of quick cash . "  If you take a look at the case , I 'll let you do your own homework on it , " Hoops told reporters . Authorities from San Bernardino flew to Mexico late Friday to get Briant . Hoops said he appears to be in good health . His hair , which is shoulder-length in photographs that authorities had released , had apparently been shaved , Hoops said . Hoops said Briant 's mother is "  a Mexican citizen living here in the United States , " but that he is unsure of her immigration status . He said Briant was born in the United States . Sgt. Doug Hubbard , who was in Calexico when Briant and his mother were reunited , called the meeting emotional . "  Tears even came to Briant 's eyes , " he said . "  It was a beautiful thing . "	NEW : Briant Rodriguez found wandering streets in Mexicali , police say NEW : Boy 's tearful reunion with mother "  a beautiful thing , " police official says Boy had been missing since May 3 , when armed men burst into his family 's home Suspects still on the loose as of Saturday evening , according to authorities
Hacker group Anonymous began its promised week of Christmas hacks , assaulting a long list of targets . The first Anonymous hack resulted in stolen emails and credit card data from Stratfor , an Austin-based think tank that concentrates on security issues . One alleged conspirator said the goal was to use that credit card data to steal a million dollars , and give the money away as Christmas donations , the AP reports . Online images , posted to Twitter , show receipts from the donations . Twitter account @YourAnonNews , which is supposedly linked to the group , tweeted Sunday that the reason it was able to steal the credit card data was because it had not been encrypted by Stratfor -- an embarrassing mistake for a company specializing in security . Among the private clients on Stratfor 's tightly-guarded list -- whose information Anonymous says it accessed -- are the U.S. Army , the U.S. Air Force and the Miami Police Department . The list also includes banks , law enforcement agencies , defense contractors , and technology firms such as Apple and Microsoft , the AP reports . Anonymous also posted images showing receipts of charitable donations made to non-profits . One theft victim , Alan Barr of Austin , did not know his credit card data had been stolen until an AP reporter called him for comment . "  It was all charities , the Red Cross , CARE , Save the Children . So when the credit card company called my wife she was n't sure whether I was just donating , " Barr said . @YourAnonNews tweeted that Justin Bieber , Lady Gaga , Kim Kardashian and Taylor Swift were among the next targets . What do you think of Anonymous 's ironic first target of the week ? Who 's next ? UPDATE : A press release is circulating , saying that the Stratfor hack is not the work of Anonymous . However , it is difficult to tell who is correct .	` Anonymous ' hackers hit security group Apparent hack is part of promised Christmas week web attacks One report says plan is to steal $ 1 million and give it to charity
CNN  -- Will Smith 's Hancock was n't the first superhero with bad habits and a bad attitude . Hellboy , the protagonist of "  Hellboy II : The Golden Army , " has a bit of the devil in him : His skin is red ; he has two shorn-off horns on his head , a gargantuan club fist and a long , slippery tail . Ron Perlman returns in the title role in "  Hellboy II : The Golden Army . " He also has a down-to-earth side : a fondness for Cuban cigars , Mexican beer , TV and candy . He has a short fuse and he 'd like a little appreciation for his efforts , please . He deserves it , too . This rank outsider is n't a billionaire like Bruce Wayne or Tony Stark . He 's not even a scientist like Bruce Banner . He 's more of a working stiff , a slugger with a gruff manner and a stogie in the side of his mouth -- but he wants to bat for the right team .  According to writer-artist Mike Mignola , the character was inspired by his father , a cabinetmaker . Hellboy -- or "  Red " to his friends -- has switched studios since his 2004 big-screen debut , from Columbia to Universal . Not that it shows . Writer-director Guillermo del Toro is still pulling the strings , and the key creative personnel are all back , including Ron Perlman in the title role , Selma Blair as the pyrokinetic Liz  now Mrs. Hellboy  , Doug Jones as the piscine Abe Sapien  the brains to Red 's brawn  , and -- behind the scenes -- cinematographer Guillermo Navarro , and art whizzes Stephen Scott and Peter Francis . Between them , they conjure up one hell of a creature feature . "  Hellboy II " boasts a dazzling multitude of imaginary beings : the deceptively delicate tooth fairies  so called because they eat bone , with a fondness for teeth in particular  ; the elfin king whose antlers grow out of his head to form a crown ; the plantlike forest god that collapses into a strangely beautiful floral mulch right under the Brooklyn Bridge ; the magnificent Angel of Death , an old crone who unfurls her wings to reveal a sparkling set of eyes  an avian variation on the creepiest creation in the acclaimed "  Pan 's Labyrinth , " del Toro 's last movie  . Then there 's the redoubtable Johann Kraus , an officious but in many ways admirable German who only exists as a vapor trail -- except when he 's bottled up in an ingeniously modified , but still splendidly archaic , deep-sea diving suit . When a filmmaker can invest even a puff of smoke with so much chutzpah you know he 's on to something . It 's wonderful to see del Toro let his imagination run rampant like this . iReport.com : Did you see "  Hellboy II " ? Share your review The plot concerns an ancient race that 's determined to wage war on humanity , but it 's secondary to del Toro 's amazing characters . The Mexican director 's first Hollywood movies  "  Mimic " and "  Blade II "  were far less distinctive than his Spanish-language films : "  Cronos , " "  The Devil 's Backbone " and "  Pan 's Labyrinth . " You could n't really call "  Hellboy II " an advance on the latter -- "  Pan 's " was nominated for six Oscars and won three -- but it 's obvious he relishes this material . It 's pulpy and hammy and unashamedly lowbrow , and del Toro has the confidence and power to make it his own . The film feels very free , loose and  unusually for a special-effects picture  improvisational . An outsize personality such as Perlman is in his element here . Even when the wisecracks fall short -- there are an awful lot of "  ass " gags -- they are closer to the grubby , subversive impulses of the comic books than the over-hyped , market-tested , industrial-strength blockbuster adaptations Hollywood churns out . It 's not for nothing that the central tension running through this movie is Red 's anarchic streak , his sometimes irresponsible need to be his own man in the Bureau for Paranormal Research and Defense  the "  X-Men " - like institution where he works  and in his marriage . Scratch the surface , and this is a film about love and loyalty , figuring out where your deepest bonds lie . Highbrows may damn "  Hellboy II " as a "  comic book movie , " though even they would have to grant that its wonderful idiosyncrasies indicate brilliance . But it 's more than that . Hellboy does so much growing up over the course of these 110 minutes , we may have to call him "  Hellman " from now on . Let 's hope Universal stays the course and gives us that opportunity . People as creative as del Toro and his gang need all the support we can give them . "  Hellboy II : The Golden Army " is rated PG-13 and runs 110 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's take , click here .	CNN.com 's Tom Charity : "  Hellboy II " shows more Guillermo del Toro brilliance Ron Perlman is back as the cigar-chomping title character Plot is secondary to amazing characters , including a vaporous mass
Matt Souveny was feeling overwhelmed by the unworn clothes languishing in his closet when he began poking around Reddit 's menswear forums , where style-conscious men debate different shoe leather and denim brands , or bravely seek constructive feedback on how a suit fits . Souveny , a Canadian Air Force pilot , got into discussions about what to wear if you could only choose one outfit for the rest of your life , a popular topic on such forums . It was hypothetical at first , but as the list grew , Souveny decided he had enough intel to turn into a real-life experiment . "  I 'd been trimming it down over the past year , but after that conversation on the Internet , it really struck me that I do n't need all this stuff , " he said . As of June 1 , Souveny has pledged to pare down his wardrobe to 10 articles of clothing for the next year , excluding socks , underwear and outerwear . The list includes : one pair of pants , one pair of shorts , two T-shirts , one button-down , one sweatshirt , one pair of sneakers , one pair of boots , a blazer and a belt . He declared his intention in May to wear one outfit for one year in a blog post titled "  minimalism . " The timing could n't be better , he said . He and his wife were moving to a smaller home , and he would be on parental leave from the Air Force for six months , freeing him from the daily obligation to wear a flight suit . It was also a way for him to start experimenting with how to live with less overall , he said . "  We 've found over the past year that having less stuff can actually allow you more freedom . Instead of spending free time sorting stuff , or organizing stuff , or searching through stuff for other stuff , you can hopefully spend more time doing things that you want to be doing , " he wrote . Most of us aspire to de-clutter our lives at some point . Shunning all material possessions is a big leap for most , but slimming down one 's closet is an easier first step . Popular minimalist fashion movements include the 10-piece capsule , the five-piece French wardrobe and Project 333 , which invites participants to dress with 33 items or less for three months . When people recognize the benefits of fewer choices in their closets , they start thinking about how to apply the philosophy to other areas of their lives , said Courtney Carver , creator of Project 333 . "  It 's sort of the gateway drug for further simplicity , because that 's where we start each day , " Carver said . Carver began Project 333 in 2010 to simplify her life while dealing with the onset of multiple sclerosis , and ended up inspiring a movement that continues to gain momentum . Project 333 's Facebook page , which has more than 12,000 likes , features stories from people around the world participating in the challenge . Inspired by Project 333 , Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reporter Alison Sherwood started her own version earlier this month , the Tiny Closet Challenge , and invited readers to join her . So far , 30 have signed up from around the world "  The simplicity of a minimalist wardrobe really appealed to me . I wanted to give it a try and see how it would affect my perspective on things like style , spending habits , materialism and contentment . I have two little kids -- ages 2.5 and 9 months -- so I do n't really have time in the morning for trying on outfits and staring into my closet , " Sherwood said . "  I tend to have a hard time getting rid of clothes even if I never wear them , because of guilt that I spent money on them or because I 'm afraid I might want or need them at some point . I want to prove that I can let go of those clothes and be perfectly fine . " So far , it 's working out , she said . She saves time in the morning and laundry is easier . When temperature fluctuations struck , she layered tops to stay warm . "  It 's nice only wearing my favorite clothes and jewelry , and not feeling guilty for neglecting other clothes I may not like as much , " she said . "  I feel a sense of calm when I look in my closet . It 's stressful when there are clothes jammed into every available space , especially when you have a toddler who might come in and start tearing clothes off the hangers when you 're trying to get ready . Now there is breathing room in my closet and it makes me feel like I 'm starting the day with some semblance of organization and control . " Cutting back completely changed Carver 's life . After being separated from her clothing those first three months , she realized most of it did n't matter to her . Today , she continues to use only 33 clothing items  not including underwear , sleepwear or workout clothing  at a time , reassessing her wardrobe every three months to cycle in seasonal necessities from a single container into her closet . She still makes purchases to replace items in her closet , but she 's more thoughtful about them , she said . The minimalist philosophy has extended to other areas of her life . After deciding that she could do with much less in the kitchen , the living room and elsewhere in her home , she moved from her 2,000 square-foot home into an apartment . She also left her job in advertising to focus full-time on consulting with others to streamline their lives and businesses . Parting with clothing , even clothing you hate , is hard , said Jillian Quint , managing editor of PureWow.com , an online publication geared toward women 's interests . Start by asking : Does it fit ? Does it look good on me ? When was the last time I wore it ? If you ca n't answer "  yes , " "  yes , " and "  within the last year , " the item has to go , she said . If you really want to rock a minimalist closet , it helps to invest in quality pieces that do double , triple or quadruple duty , Quint said . Think a crisp white blouse , a black blazer and a perfectly fitting pair of jeans accompanied by shoes and accessories to bring in more color and current trends . But the first step is overcoming the fear that "  it could never work for me " and starting small . Do n't get rid of anything at first , Project 333 's Carver recommends . Hold onto everything and gradually shed the items you did n't realize you were missing during the experiment . Everyone has different reasons for paring down their wardrobe . For some , like Carver , the goal was to reduce stress and clutter . For others , it 's part of an effort to focus on quality over quantity . Consumers are demanding a return to high-quality items that can stand the test of time , Quint said "  We 're in an era of examining our carbon footprint . Nobody wants a closet that looks like a landfill , " she said . Souveny 's motivation falls into this camp . "  I tried to find brands that embody this whole idea of making high quality products out of the best materials available , " he said . And , it shows in the bill : $ 2,703 , as one Redditor estimated the total cost of Souveny 's 10 pieces , most of which are made in North America . Each piece of clothing was selected for its versatility and durability in different weather conditions and social environments , Souveny said . He avoided denim because it was too "  casual " but he did n't want to wear a suit all year , leading to a wardrobe consisting of mostly synthetic fabrics that keep you cool in the summer and warm in the winter . It helps that some clothing brands heard about his plans and donated clothing to his experiment . Still , he says , he chose clothing by brands that he already owned or was likely to own , making the experiment not too far removed from reality . "  The way I justify buying higher quality items is in buying less and buying the best I can afford , " he said . "  My closet is full of cheap clothes that will never wear out because I never wear them . The items that I saved for and sought after , however , get plenty of loving wear . " His exercise is n't meant to be prescriptive for everyone , he said . "  This was just a fun experiment for me to see how long things last , " he said . "  Who knows , maybe it 'll inspire others to think about how minimalism could work in their closet . "	Matt Souveny has pledged to wear only 10 articles of clothing for a year For those interested in downsizing their lives , the closet is an easy first step Closets are "  gateway drug for further simplicity , " Project 333 founder says Start small and do n't get rid of everything at once , experts advise
Police know who shot Michael Brown , but three days after the 18-year-old 's death , they 're still not saying . Releasing the name of the officer who shot and killed the teen in Ferguson , Missouri , is n't as important , they say , as protecting the community and the person who pulled the trigger . Police Chief Thomas Jackson told CNN his department decided against releasing the officer 's name Monday after social media and phone threats targeted another officer who was falsely named as the shooter . "  We started getting death threats against him and his family , and although that 's not most of the people , we took these things seriously , " Jackson said . "  We think that they 're credible threats ... Right now the safety factor far outweighs the benefit from releasing the name , which is minimal . " Lawyers representing Brown 's family blasted the decision , suggesting authorities were protecting one of their own rather than following standard procedures . "  That does n't give the community confidence . That does n't make it transparent , " attorney Benjamin Crump told reporters . "  And remember , we 've got a long way to go before this community starts to believe that the police are going to give them all the answers and not try to sweep it under the rug . " Police should have released the officer 's name 72 hours after the shooting , he said . If police are going to ask residents of Ferguson to obey the law , he said , "  then it 's got to work both ways . " Jackson said his office does n't know yet when it will release the name , but it is n't skirting any laws . "  The prosecuting attorney and the St. Louis County police chief agree that this is the prudent step to take under the circumstances , " he said . Witness : I have n't spoken with police Exactly what led up to Brown 's death Saturday is a point of major contention . Witnesses say the African-American teen was unarmed and his hands were in the air demonstrating that . Police have said that Brown attacked the officer in his car and tried to take his gun . As federal civil rights investigators and the FBI carry out their own inquiry into the controversial case , tensions are running high in the town of 21,000 -- where there 's a history of distrust between the predominately black community and the largely white police force . Dorian Johnson , who said he saw the shooting , told CNN Tuesday that the officer who opened fire is white . Johnson said he was walking with Brown in the street when the confrontation erupted . But police did n't speak to him about the shooting that day -- and still have n't , Johnson said , adding that the officer seemed stunned afterward . "  It 's almost like he was n't paying attention to me anymore . It 's like he was in shock himself , and his vision was n't on anything but my friend Big Mike , " he said . Johnson 's attorney told CNN that police reached out to him on Tuesday to set up an interview , but they have n't had a chance to talk yet . Amid protests , calls for calm The promise of investigations by local and federal authorities has n't stemmed outrage in the community . A vigil for the teen devolved into violent clashes with police Sunday as some looted stores . On Monday night , there was chaos again on the streets . Shots were fired , authorities said , and police used tear gas to disperse a crowd . At a press conference with other African-American leaders Tuesday , the Rev. Al Sharpton urged people in Ferguson not to "  betray the gentle giant " that Brown was by allowing their anger over his killing to lead to violence . "  Do n't be a traitor to Michael Brown in the name of ` you mad , ' " Sharpton said , reminding the crowd that Brown 's parents are planning a funeral for their son , whom they had expected to head to college this week . Michael Brown Sr. , the teen 's father , renewed calls for people to steer clear of violence . "  I need all of us to come together and do this right , the right way , so we can get something done about this , " he said . U.S. President Barack Obama echoed calls for calm , releasing a statement expressing condolences to the teen 's family and describing his death as heartbreaking . "  I know the events of the past few days have prompted strong passions . But as details unfold , I urge everyone in Ferguson , Missouri , and across the country , to remember this young man through reflection and understanding , " Obama said . "  We should comfort each other and talk with one another in a way that heals , not in a way that wounds . " A town in turmoil -- 5 things about Ferguson , Missouri College-bound teen sought a better life Brown was going to defy negative stereotypes , staying away from the street life that plagued many African-American young men by instead going to college , his mother said . "  People may do things and it becomes repetitive in a certain race , but we did n't . We do n't live like that . Not our family , " his mother , Lesley McSpadden , told CNN . "  We feel like we can do anything and go anywhere . ... Just because my son is a 6 ' 4 " black male walking down a city street does not mean he fit the profile for anything other than just walking down the street . " About 63 % of Ferguson 's residents over age 16 are African-American . Three of the police department 's 53 officers -- just over 5 % -- are African-American , Jackson said , adding that he 's pushed to improve diversity . Racial profiling is "  strictly forbidden , " he said . "  Racial profiling is against our policies , " he said . "  It actually benefits nothing . " Speaking at a community forum scheduled in the aftermath of the shooting , Jackson said the situation "  has been a tragedy for the city and the country . " "  It breaks my heart some think I 'm part of the problem , " he said Tuesday night . The police chief promised the crowd he would be part of the solution . Teen was two days away from starting college What we know about Michael Brown 's shooting Trayvon Martin case fast facts Opinion : How many unarmed people have to die ?	Ferguson police chief : "  It breaks my heart some think I 'm part of the problem " Benefit from releasing the shooter 's name is "  minimal , " he says Family 's attorney : Police should be transparent , "  not try to sweep it under the rug " A witness tells CNN the police officer who shot Michael Brown is white
CNN  -- Five exotic animals once owned by an Ohio man who last year set free dozens of animals before committing suicide were returned to the man 's widow Friday . Two spotted leopards , two macaque monkeys and a brown bear were returned to Marian Thompson , widow of farmer Terry Thompson , who set off a scare in October when he let loose 50 dangerous animals from his farm before shooting himself . Forty-eight of those animals were killed by law enforcement , and two primates were killed by the other animals , zoo officials said . The five animals returned to Marian Thompson were never released from their cages by her late husband . A sixth unreleased animal , a leopard , died in January at the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium , where all of Thompson 's remaining animals had been housed for safekeeping since the incident . A state review board concluded that the animals are free of "  dangerously infectious or contagious diseases . " The finding required them to lift a quarantine imposed in a move in October to delay their return . State officials said they were concerned that Marian Thompson has said she would put the five remaining animals into the same cages they previously inhabited on her Zanesville farm . They said they have no legal power to inspect the cages before the animals are returned , but they are hoping the local sheriff will seek a court order to inspect the farm "  to ensure the safety of the animals and the public , " said Erica Pitchford , a spokeswoman for the Ohio Department of Agriculture . Thompson had not allowed local law enforcement onto the farm to check the pens , Muskingum County Sheriff Matthew Lutz said . "  We have the zoo on speed dial , " Lutz said . "  If we are pushed to do what we had to do the last time , we would take care of it . " Legislation that would tighten rules regarding private ownership of exotic animals passed the Ohio Senate in April and is now being heard in the House of Representatives . "  Zoo officials encourage lawmakers to pass a bill quickly to ensure public safety and protect the welfare of animals , " the Columbus Zoo and Aquarium said in a news release .	NEW : Marian Thompson gets 2 spotted leopards , 2 macaque monkeys and a brown bear Last year , an Ohio man freed dozens of animals from his farm before committing suicide Law enforcement killed 48 of the released animals , and 2 primates were killed by the other animals The 5 animals that were returned Friday were n't among those released last year
January 5 , 2015 Welcome to our first show of 2015 ! It covers subjects past , present and future , as we catch you up on some headlines that happened over the holidays and take a look at how scientists predict impending health events . We report on how the U.S. military mission in Afghanistan is changing , and we take a look at the technological accuracy of the "  Back to the Future " series . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- Russia and China vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution Friday that would have imposed sanctions on Zimbabwe 's longtime president , Robert Mugabe , and 11 senior members of his government . Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe meets this week with Arthur Mutambara , an opposition leader . According to a draft of the resolution , the measure would have instituted a travel ban on Mugabe and others in his government , frozen many of their assets and imposed an international arms embargo on the regime . The measure received nine votes -- the minimum for it to pass . However , two of the five negative votes were from Russia and China , who as permanent members of the Security Council have veto power . One Security Council member abstained . The resolution was pushed by the United States after Mugabe ignored the Security Council 's appeal to postpone the June 27 presidential runoff election . The vote initially was intended to be a runoff between Mugabe and opposition candidate Morgan Tsvangirai . But Tsvangirai withdrew days before , saying Mugabe 's supporters had orchestrated a campaign of beatings , intimidation and murders against his supporters . With their votes , ambassadors for China and Russia said they wanted to give the rival political parties a chance to resolve the election matter on their own terms without undue interference from the Security Council . Representatives from Mugabe 's party , the Zimbabwe African National Union-Patriotic Front  ZANU-PF  , have been meeting in Pretoria , South Africa , with the opposition Movement for Democratic Change this week . Tsvangirai said Wednesday the talks , which are being mediated by South African President Thabo Mbeki , are focusing on "  how to move forward . " Chinese Ambassador Wang Guangya said his nation believes the international community should allow the talks in South Africa on the Zimbabwe situation a chance to progress before imposing sanctions . Wang said the adoption of the resolution would "  unavoidably interfere with the negotiation process and lead to the further deterioration of the situation . " "  Many countries , including China , repeatedly called upon the Security Council to respect the position of the African countries on this question and give more time , " Wang said . "  China has always maintained the best approach to solve a problem is negotiation and dialogue , " Wang said . "  To use or threaten to use sanctions lightly is not conducive to solving the problem . " Wang 's comments echoed those of Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin , who said the Security Council would have overstepped its responsibilities had it approved the resolution . "  Recently , in the positions of a number of council member states , we have seen an ever-more-obvious attempt to take the council beyond its chartered prerogatives and beyond maintaining international peace and security , " Churkin said . "  We believe such practices to be illegitimate and dangerous , leading to a realignment of the entire U.N. system . " Churkin also noted that , had the resolution been approved , council members would have ignored appeals from the African Union to let the South African talks take place . He also accused the council of missing an opportunity to coordinate a response that would have "  promoted the success of the political dialogue " in Zimbabwe . Speaking before the vote , Zimbabwean Ambassador Boniface Chidyausiku said his nation has been a victim of "  incessant meddling " from the international community . Chidyausiku blamed sanctions already imposed on Zimbabwe for its underperforming economy and the suffering of its people . South African Ambassador Dumisani Kumalo also urged the Security Council to give the South African talks a chance to bring about a resolution . U.S. Ambassador Zalmay Khalilzad said the United States was disappointed at the veto . "  China and Russia have stood with Mugabe against the people of Zimbabwe ... for reasons that we think are not borne out by the facts on the ground , " he said . "  The U-turn on the Russian position is particularly surprising and disturbing , " he said , noting that a few days ago , the Russian Federation was supportive of a statement adopted at the Group of Eight meeting in Japan expressing "  grave concern " about the situation in Zimbabwe . "  The Russian performance here today raises questions about its reliability as a G-8 partner , " Khalilzad said . The draft resolution expressed "  deep concern at the gross irregularities " during the presidential election , saying violence and intimidation before the runoff prevented "  free and fair elections , " creating "  an environment that did not permit international election observers to operate freely before the June 27 vote . " The United Kingdom , which has been highly critical of Mugabe , was a chief supporter of the United States push for sanctions . France also supported the resolution . "  The Security Council has failed to shoulder its responsibility to do what it can to prevent a national tragedy deepening and spreading its effects across southern Africa , " British Ambassador John Sawers said after the vote . Watch the British Ambassador to the U.N. speaks about the failed resolution " Sawers also questioned Mbeki 's efficacy as a mediator in Zimbabwe 's affairs . "  We have to be realistic . Those efforts have so far come to naught . The only one who has benefited to date is Mr. Mugabe , " he said . After the vote , Chidyausiku thanked the council for heeding his call . "  Today we have seen reason , " he said . "  I want to express our gratitude to the people in the Security Council who managed to see reason and refused to be intimidated or cowed into following the national interests of the U.S. and UK . " The Zimbabwean people , he said , are "  committed to resolve their differences . " CNN 's Richard Roth and Terence Burke contributed to this report .	China , Russia veto resolution that would have meant sanctions for Mugabe regime United States pushed for measure after Mugabe refused to postpone runoff elections Sanctions would have meant travel bans , frozen assets for Mugabe and others Proposed sanctions also would have imposed an international arms embargo
Tokyo  CNN  -- As Japan began its workweek Monday morning , the trains ran exactly on time , the elevators in thousands of Tokyo high-rises efficiently moved between floors , and the lights turned on across cities with nary a glitch . What makes this Monday so remarkable is that for the first time in four decades , none of the energy is derived from a nuclear reactor . Over the weekend , Japan 's last remaining nuclear reactor shut down for regular maintenance . In the wake of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster , reactors have not been allowed back on . Japan is now the first major economy to see the modern era without nuclear power . Tomari Nuclear Power Plant 's reactor 3 in Hokkaido shut down Saturday evening in a much-watched move by government , industry and environmentalists , who are waged in a public battle over the future of Japan 's energy policy . "  I think it is not easy , but this challenge is worth fighting for , " said Greenpeace Japan 's Junichi Sato . "  There is an increased chance of earthquakes in Japan , so that has a significant risk to the Japanese people and the Japanese economy . The only way forward is to rapidly shift the energy source from nuclear to other sources of energy . " That 's not the call just from environmental activists , but from a public suspicious of nuclear energy and its regulatory bodies since a tsunami and earthquake triggered nuclear meltdowns at three reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in March 2011 . Thousands marched through the streets of Tokyo on Saturday , celebrating the shutdown of the final reactor . The protesters waved colorful , traditional "  koinobori " carp-shaped banners for Children 's Day that became a symbol of the anti-nuclear movement . That movement grew from the grass-roots level in the wake of the disaster as the country watched tens of thousands of residents living within a 20-kilometer  12-mile  radius of the nuclear plant evacuated and the remaining area turn into a contaminated wasteland . Before the Fukushima disaster , Japan relied on nuclear for about 30 % of its energy . As reactors have come off-line , the country has increased its imports of fossil fuels . Japan 's government predicts it wo n't be able to keep up that pace , and the void will result in an energy crunch this summer , possibly leading to rolling blackouts . The national government 's ruling party , the Democratic Party of Japan , has been urging local communities to allow reactors to return to operation . The party 's deputy policy chief , Yoshito Sengoku , bluntly said without nuclear energy the world 's third-largest economy would suffer . "  We must think ahead to the impact on Japan 's economy and people 's lives , if all nuclear reactors are stopped . Japan could , in some sense , be committing mass suicide , " Sengoku said . Hiromasa Yonekura , chairman of Japan 's biggest business lobby , Keidanren , joined the plea in an April press conference . "  We can not possibly agree to do the kind of energy saving yet again this year , or every year from now on , " he said , referring to the country 's efforts to turn off air conditioners and shift operation of production lines to weekends . "  The government must bring the nuclear power stations back into operation . " Economist Jesper Koll , managing director at JP Morgan , said Japan could avoid the economic fallout by defining a clear energy policy , something it has failed to do so far . "  The issue to the private sector of Japan is the government is taking its time in a very emotional , highly politicized debate . And the end result is very , very slow or no decision-making at all . After all , if you do n't have an energy policy , you do n't really have an economic policy because everything revolves around the energy , " he said . Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda has promised a clear energy policy sometime this year , perhaps by summer . At a conference last month , the chairman of the Japan Atomic Industrial Forum said the nuclear industry was committed to rebuilding the municipalities around the Fukushima plant , decommissioning that facility and pushing for increased safety measures at plants nationwide . "  We , the nuclear industry , will learn what should be learned from the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station . Based on that , we will endeavor to restore the image and position of nuclear energy , " Takashi Imai said . Nuclear energy must remain part of the government 's policy , he said , "  in order for Japan to continue sustainable growth as a nation committed to trade based on science and technology . " But Yukie Osaki , who used to live in Fukushima , said she wo n't accept any policy that includes nuclear energy . "  Nobody believes the government anymore when it says nuclear plants are safe , " she said . "  Japan is an earthquake country . It is already dangerous to have nuclear plants here . If we have another accident , we wo n't have anywhere to live in Japan anymore . "	Japan closes its last operating nuclear reactor over the weekend Final shutdown follows a swing against nuclear energy after last year 's Fukushima meltdowns Thousands march through Tokyo on Saturday to celebrate the final closure Government has warned that summer energy demand may prompt rolling blackouts
CNN  -- An Ohio jury Tuesday convicted a 53-year-old man for killing three men who had answered a Craigslist ad for work on a cattle farm . Richard Beasley was found guilty on 26 counts of aggravated murder , kidnapping , aggravated robbery and other charges . Jurors will return March 20 to determine if Beasley should receive the death penalty , CNN affiliate WKYC reported . Prosecutors said Beasley was the "  principal offender " in the murders of three men between August and November 2011 . During the trial , prosecutors indicated robbery might have been one possible motive for the killings . The victims -- Ralph Geiger , 56 , of Akron , Ohio ; David Pauley , 51 , of Norfolk , Virginia ; and Timothy Kern , 47 , of Massillon , Ohio -- were found dead in separate shallow graves after responding to an online ad soliciting workers , authorities have said . The investigation into the killings began the night of November 6 , 2011 , when a Noble County deputy sheriff responded to a call and came upon a "  white , middle-aged man being treated for a gunshot wound to the right arm , " according to Sheriff Stephen S. Hannum of Noble County . The wounded man -- Scott Davis from South Carolina -- told the law enforcement officer that he had answered an ad on the Craigslist website offering work caring for cattle on a 688-acre property in eastern Ohio before he was shot by Beasley . Brogan Rafferty , 17 , of Stow , Ohio , a high school sophomore , was convicted in October on charges of aggravated murder and attempted murder in connection with the killings , CNN affiliate WJW reported . He was sentenced to three life sentences without the possibility of parole .	Richard Beasley is found guilty on 26 charges He could face the death penalty , CNN affiliate reports He was convicted of killing three men who answered an online ad
Ometepec , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican officials were assessing damage Wednesday , a day after a strong earthquake left homes in ruins and rattled residents hundreds of miles away from the epicenter . At least 11 people were injured and hundreds of houses were damaged in the 7.4-magnitude quake , which struck midday Tuesday in southern Mexico near Ometepec , Guerrero . In some of the hardest-hit areas , residents surveyed rubble where adobe homes once stood . Nurses tended to patients in a parking lot beside a hospital damaged by the quake . Paulino Sisto said he sprinted toward his home in Ometepec when the quake hit , fearing for his family inside . "  I could n't even walk because the earth was shaking . It was moving back and forth like a hammock , " he said . From a distance , Sisto saw clouds of dust rising as houses collapsed in his neighborhood . His family survived , but their home did n't . "  No one has come to help us , " he said Wednesday . "  These areas are very abandoned . There is no highway . There is no way here . Cars ca n't get through because of the earthquake yesterday . Dirt is blocking the roads . " The massive quake sent broken tiles and pieces of buildings falling onto sidewalks as far away as Mexico City , about 200 miles  320 km  from the epicenter . The city 's mayor said the earthquake was the strongest to affect the capital since an 8.0 temblor that struck in 1985 , killing about 10,000 people in the sprawling metropolis . Officials said no deaths had been reported after Tuesday 's quake , despite the widespread alarm it caused . Although Tuesday 's quake was strong , its magnitude was lower than the 1985 quake , which means significantly less energy was released , said John Bellini , a geophysicist at the U.S. Geological Survey . Going up one full magnitude would mean 10 times the ground motion . Even with the sixth-tenths magnitude difference between Tuesday 's 7.4 temblor and 1985 's 8.0 quake , "  you 're talking about a big difference in the shaking and all the associated potential damage , " he said . The relatively low population near the epicenter of Tuesday 's quake and improved building codes in the Mexico City area also may have been a factor , he said . The quake 's epicenter was about 15 miles  25 kilometers  east of Ometepec , a municipality of about 50,000 people , including enclaves of indigenous communities . "  You could see the fear on everyone 's faces , " said Olga Libia Ramos , the chief nurse in the city 's general hospital . Officials evacuated patients into the parking lot after the quake shattered windows in the hospital , she said . At least 500 homes in the southern coastal state of Guerrero were damaged , Gov. Angel Aguirre said . Nine of the 11 injuries occurred in Oaxaca state , which borders Guerrero and also suffered damage from the quake , said Mexican Interior Minister Alejandro Poire . Authorities said two people were injured in Mexico City , including the driver of a minibus that was crushed when a pedestrian bridge collapsed during the quake . Many residents in Guerrero , fearing aftershocks , said they slept outdoors overnight . Office workers rushed into the streets after feeling the temblor in Mexico City . Tourists and residents also felt the earthquake in the resort city of Acapulco , about 100 miles  200 km  from the quake 's epicenter . Authorities in Mexico City were surveying buildings , schools and hospitals to evaluate damage , Mayor Marcelo Ebrard said . The USGS describes Mexico as one of the most seismically active areas of the world . The country sees an average of seven earthquakes daily with a magnitude greater than 3.0 , according to Mexico 's National Seismological Service . CNN 's Rey Rodriguez , Rene Hernandez , Jason Hanna and Catherine E. Shoichet and journalist Salomon Kaufman contributed to this report .	NEW : "  No one has come to help us , " says a man whose home was destroyed Nurses treat patients in a damaged hospital 's parking lot Interior minister : 11 people are injured nationwide At least 500 homes are damaged in Guerrero state , the governor says
CNN  -- Nearly four months after a P-51 Mustang veered out of control and slammed into spectators at the Reno , Nevada , air races -- killing 11 people , injuring scores of others and jeopardizing the future of the event -- race organizers Wednesday said the show will go on . The head of the Reno Air Racing Association said the association will seek permits for the full schedule of races to take place September 12-16 and is confident that it will get them . If not , he said , organizers will stage a one-time-only memorial event to commemorate those killed and injured last year , and will bring an end to the 49-year-old tradition . "  Many of the victims , their families , air race teams and fans have told us they 're coming to Reno this September no matter what , " said Mike Houghton , president and CEO of the Reno Air Racing Association , at a Reno press conference . "  And we feel it 's our obligation to give them something , no matter what . " Houghton said the association is doing everything possible to assure that all features of the races will continue , including the unlimited class race , which featuring planes flying at low altitudes in excess of 500 mph . It was unclear how close spectators would be allowed and whether that would include areas in which they were killed or hurt in the September crash . The event relies on the races to attract its 200,000 fans , who contribute an estimated $ 85 million to the local economy , Houghton said , and it would not be economically viable as a more traditional air show . In an apparent effort to win government support for the races , the association created a "  blue ribbon review panel " that included two well-known former government officials , former National Transportation Safety Board chairman Jim Hall and former Federal Aviation Administration official Nick Sabatini . The panel will review changes that can be made to ensure the races ' safety , Houghton said . The September 15 , 2011 , crash came when noted pilot James Leeward 's Mustang flew off course , pitching upward briefly before flying into a spectator area . Leeward and 10 spectators died , and about 60 people were injured . The NTSB is investigating the cause of the crash and is examining video that shows a piece of trim tab , an aerodynamic surface on the tail of the plane , separating from the plane at the time the pilot lost control . The crash also has prompted the NTSB to hold a one-day hearing on air show safety . That hearing will be held Tuesday in Washington . Houghton said the race sponsors , vendors and pilots he has met have "  universally " expressed support for continuing the races , and that fan support has been "  overwhelming . " Fewer then 20 % of the fans asked for refunds from the races canceled after last year 's crash , he said . Houghton said the association needs permits or waivers from the FAA , the local airport authority and the city of Reno . He expressed optimism that all three entities would permit the races , but said his biggest concern is any unknown obstacle that could interfere with race plans . The crash is expected to bring a flurry of lawsuits . In a lawsuit filed by the family of deceased spectator Craig Salerno of Friendswood , Texas , lawyers argued the crash was not a "  freak accident , " but was "  the predictable result of a reckless drive for speed by a risk-taking pilot and crew , coupled with an insatiable drive for profit " by race organizers . The FAA said it has revised its air race policy to require all air racing organizations to go through a standardized accreditation process to ensure all air race organizations are subjected to the same review and authorization standards . The FAA said it has invited the Reno Air Racing Association to contact it when it is ready to begin the accreditation process . Once the FAA receives that notification , the FAA will select a team that will conduct a top-to-bottom review of the organization 's operations , the agency said . In the 49 years of racing at Reno , 19 pilots have died in crashes . Last year 's crash is believed to be the first to kill spectators .	11 people died in September when racing plane crashed into spectators Group that runs event says it expects to get permits for this year 's races NTSB is investigating the cause of last year 's crash , holding hearing on shows ' safety
CNN  -- When she was about 8 , Frida Sepulveda developed dark folds of skin around her neck . It 's a well-known warning sign of type 2 diabetes . Frida 's mother , Blanca Sepulveda , who has watched other family members struggle with diabetes and obesity , was "  devastated " to see her daughter experience similar health problems . Now at age 11 , Frida is about 5 feet , 6 inches tall and weighs around 180 pounds , her mother said . Despite a high body weight for her age and height , Frida does not seem to have additional symptoms of diabetes -- or any other major health concerns -- but her parents are trying to reverse the weight problem Frida has had since infancy . The San Diego , California , family is among a disproportionately high number of Latino-American families with overweight and obese children . According to the 2007 National Survey of Children 's Health , 16.6 percent of Latino high school students were obese and 18.1 percent were overweight . The corresponding national averages for high school students were 13.3 percent obese and 15.8 percent overweight . It 's an epidemic that shocked and saddened Lorena Garcia , a chef who appears on Univision and Telemundo . "  I travel all over the country to the major Hispanic festivals and I realized that 90 to 95 percent of the kids that I saw at the festivals were overweight , " said Garcia , who established the Big Chef Little Chef program to teach Latino youth healthy cooking and eating habits . Watch Garcia interact with her fans " The problem is caused by a wide range of cultural , social , economic , environmental and possibly genetic factors . Experts agree it is an uphill battle to solve . "  You ca n't just try to change someone 's behavior necessarily without trying to change their environment , " said Dr. Michael Goran , director of the University of Southern California 's Childhood Obesity Research Center . How can childhood obesity be reduced ? Blanca Sepulveda , 38 , believes her own upbringing in Mexico before coming to the United States in junior high school ultimately contributed to her daughter 's weight problem . "  The way I was raised ... you do n't -LSB- leave -RSB- the dinner table until you 're done with all your food . That 's instilled in you , " Sepulveda said . Back in Mexico , she said , the food was healthier and fresher , and she did n't drink soda . But she still applied that mentality to her own children , who were born and raised in the United States , where sugar-laden and fattening foods are widely available . The Sepulveda family 's story is similar to that of other immigrants who are healthier than their American-born children : Those born outside the United States are less likely to be obese than native-born children , said Luisa Franzini , Ph.D. , of the University of Texas School of Public Health . Despite the trends , more study is necessary to determine whether American acculturation is entirely to blame for poor diets among Latinos , an expert says . Rafael Prez-Escamilla , a nutrition and public health professor with the University of Connecticut , wrote in the June 2009 issue of Journal of the American Diabetic Association that adaptation to U.S. society may explain , to some degree , "  deterioration of dietary quality " and the risks of diabetes and other chronic diseases . However , he wrote , it 's still not completely clear . Healthy food harder to come by Economic factors play a major role for many Latinos in their weight struggles . Angelica Delgado is trying to overcome the obstacle with the Healthy Latino Families initiative , a culturally tailored nutrition and exercise program in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . As the Community Research Supervisor for the United Community Center , Delgado is trying to get healthy school lunches in the Bruce-Guadalupe Community School , with which she 's working on Healthy Latino Families . About 80 percent of Bruce Guadalupe 's student body , which is 97 percent Latino , come from low-income households and therefore are eligible for reduced-price or free lunch . Without money coming in to support the lunch program , it 's difficult to fund better quality food and equipment to ensure that it 's freshly cooked , Delgado said . For now , she hopes the fun , bilingual setting of Healthy Latino Families will teach children to make smart food choices . The lack of availability of inexpensive , fresh , healthy food is a common for low-income populations in general , Franzini said . Research suggests that more affluent neighborhoods have a higher availability of healthy food , she said , adding that the cost of healthy food is lower in more advantaged communities . The community factor Exercise also poses tricky problems for Latino children struggling with weight , as many live in disadvantaged areas may make it tough for them to play outside or walk to school . From a physical point of view -- in terms of sidewalks and litter -- those areas tend to be in worse shape than an average neighborhood , Franzini said . But her research also suggests that the social component of a neighborhood affects children 's physical activity levels . "  It 's not sufficient to just clean up the neighborhood -- pick up the trash and build sidewalks , " said Franzini , whose study on the impact of neighborhoods ' social characteristics was published earlier this year in the American Journal of Public Health . "  It also needs to be a neighborhood where people feel safe and they feel that they can go out and walk and run and exercise and do whatever they want to do . " To that end , Franzini 's research indicates that those Latinos living in tight-knit communities often get more exercise than those in more mixed neighborhoods . "  Having a neighborhood which is more connected , where people feel safe -- I think it 's all a matter of feeling empowered in a way . And so those who feel that they have this stronger neighborhood from a social point of view , they are also more likely to be physically active , " Franzini said . Finding solutions Researchers and community advocates are attempting to combat the Latino youth obesity problem . But the multitude of factors makes the issue a moving target and results of interventions are mixed . For example , about a year after a previous phase of Healthy Latino Families in Milwaukee wrapped up , children reportedly ate better and watched less television per day . Delgado said they are awaiting results from the current program , but she has seen some success already . USC 's Goran worked with Latino teenagers over 16 weeks to improve their diets , promoting fiber-rich tortillas and altering recipes of aqua fresca so it would have less sugar . But at the end of the four months , he saw "  no significant improvement in the outcomes . " "  We have to do those studies over longer time periods than we have previously done to kind of give these things a chance to work and kick in , " Goran said . "  We 're ... taking it one step at a time . " And Frida 's mom , Blanca Sepulveda , said she is focusing on modifying her own behavior to help her entire family . "  It 's a retraining of the mind , " Sepulveda said . "  It gets hard because you have to be an example . "	A disproportionately high number of Latino-American families struggle with obesity Programs designed specifically for Latino children have had mixed results Economic factors play a major role for many Latinos in their weight struggles Exercise , and whether or not children feel safe to play , is another factor
CNN  Archaeologists searching for a lost city in the jungles of Honduras have discovered the urban remains of what they believe is a vanished ancient civilization , National Geographic reports . A writer and photographer for the magazine accompanied a team of scientists to Honduras ' Mosquitia region on the trail of a legendary "  White City " or "  City of the Monkey God . " The expedition was launched after aerial light detection scanning -- known as LIDAR -- uncovered what appeared to be man-made structures below the rainforest , National Geographic said . Seeking to confirm the discovery , a team of U.S. and Honduran archaeologists , a LIDAR engineer , an ethnobotanist , anthropologists and documentary filmmakers entered the remote region . They were protected by Honduran Special forces , the magazine said . Writer Douglas Preston said the team emerged February 25 , after documenting the ruins of a "  vanished culture . " "  In contrast to the nearby Maya , this vanished culture has been scarcely studied and it remains virtually unknown . Archaeologists do n't even have a name for it , " Douglas wrote . Archaeologists no longer believed in the existence of a single "  White City , " he said , instead believing there had been an entire civilization with many cities . The expedition found earth works , including an earthen pyramid as well as a collection of stone sculptures , thought to potentially have been burial offerings . Archaeologist Oscar Neil Cruz from the Honduran Institute of Anthropology and History  IHAH  estimated they dated from A.D. 1000 to 1400 , Douglas wrote . The researchers were greeted by wildlife which appeared never before to have seen humans , wandering unafraid through their camp . "  This is clearly the most undisturbed rain forest in Central America . The importance of this place ca n't be overestimated , " ethnobotanist Mark Plotkin told National Geographic . The team left their finds unexcavated and are keeping the exact location of the site secret in an attempt to prevent looting . But in his article , Douglas warned that that the area was nonetheless under threat , with illegal logging for cattle farming within a dozen miles . IHAH director Virgilio Paredes Trapero told National Geographic that the forest and valley could disappear within eight years unless action was taken . "  The Honduran government is committed to protecting this area , but does n't have the money . We urgently need international support . "	National Geographic has announced the discovery of a lost city in the remote Honduran rainforest The magazine says scientists believe the city belonged to a mysterious ancient civilization A team documented the site after aerial light scanning showed man-made structures
CNN  -- Worries about the Superdome 's wiring led to an order for hundreds of thousands of dollars in "  emergency " electrical repairs in the months leading up to Sunday 's Super Bowl , documents show . Although there is no proof the problems were behind the partial blackout at the multi-million-dollar extravaganza , they are among the latest details to emerge in the mystery surrounding the embarrassing snafu . Power company Entergy upgraded service at the Superdome , but had "  concern about reliability " of service from its connection point to the dome , according to a memo dated October 15 , 2012 . An attorney for the Superdome 's managers provided the documents to CNN . The new information includes memos and meeting minutes prepared for the Louisiana Stadium and Exposition District , a state agency that oversees a group of facilities including the Superdome . An October LSED memo mentions that a firm was hired to test the secondary electric feeders at the dome . It was "  determined that the feeders had some decay and had a chance of failure . " Those same tests led an engineering firm to conclude that "  the Superdome 's main and only electrical feed , based upon test results ... are not sufficiently reliable to support the high profile event schedule . " The board categorized these repairs as an "  emergency , " according to minutes from an LSED meeting in October . By that point , the board had already approved spending up to $ 700,000 to replace parallel electrical power feeds . In November , the board was updated about "  the replacement of the electrical feeders that connect the Superdome to the Entergy power vault . " The board approved spending $ 513,250 on what the minutes referred to as the "  Emergency Feeder Repair Project . " The company confirmed it completed some upgrades to electrical delivery systems to the facility on December 21 , but Entergy has said that may have had nothing to do with Sunday night 's problem . The dome hosted a few major events after that work was carried out , including the Sugar Bowl . Entergy says a piece of equipment designed to monitor electrical load sensed was tripped by an "  abnormality " and partially cut power to the stadium , as designed . The switch gear is designed to cut some power so as to isolate the problem and prevent a larger outage . LSED , Entergy and the company that manages the Superdome , SMG , said in a joint statement Tuesday that they have hired an independent third party to investigate the cause of the blackout . Entergy will continue to conduct its own investigation . The 35-minute electrical outage during the Super Bowl set off a storm of social media amusement among viewers and inspired advertising tweets with blackout twists . Carmaker Audi took a swipe at its competitor , tweeting that it was sending "  LED lights " over to the dome , which is officially named the Mercedes-Benz Superdome . But for the picturesque Super Bowl host city -- perpetually concerned with its reputation , especially since Hurricane Katrina -- the power failure broadcast to the world was a huge embarrassment . Mayor Mitch Landrieu promised that night there would be answers soon . Opinion : Wacky , weird and wonderful Super Bowl The council member who heads New Orleans ' utility committee , Cynthia Hedge-Morrell , hopes some will be forthcoming at the meeting this week . 5 Super Bowl moments to talk about Monday "  I am extremely disappointed in the power failure at the Superdome during last night 's Super Bowl game , " she said in a statement Monday . The NFL has said the incident will not likely diminish the city 's chances of hosting another big game . The general consensus on social media appeared to be that Beyonce 's high-wattage half-time performance was mostly likely to blame for the blackout . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell countered the virtual chatter , saying , "  There is no indication at all that this was caused by the halftime show , absolutely none . " The blackout triggered calls by industry leaders for the building of a nationwide smart power grid , which could reroute electricity seamlessly in such cases . This would avoid such public displays of momentary weaknesses in the system , said Andres Carvallo , former chief technology officer at Austin Energy , where he says he built the nation 's first smart grid . On Monday , CBS aired video shot from inside a stadium control room as the outage occurred . "  All right , we lost lights , " says a man as the room darkens . Funniest tweets of the #Blackout CNN 's Brian Todd , Dugald McConnell , Lindsey Knight , Tom Watkins , Tina Burnside , Ben Brumfield and Chelsea Carter contributed to this report	NEW : Power company concerned about "  reliability " from its connection point to Superdome NEW : Independent third party hired to investigate blackout Board minutes show hundreds of thousands of dollars spent on Superdome electrical repairs Friday meeting could reveal clues to what caused the Super Bowl blackout
Two men , shocked at what they saw , describe an unarmed teenager with his hands up in the air as he 's gunned down by a police officer . They were contractors doing construction work in Ferguson , Missouri , on the day Michael Brown was killed . And the men , who asked not to be identified after CNN contacted them , said they were about 50 feet away from Officer Darren Wilson when he opened fire . An exclusive video captures their reactions during the moments just after the shooting . "  He had his f ** n hands up , " one of the men says in the video . The man told CNN he heard one gunshot , then another shot about 30 seconds later . "  The cop did n't say get on the ground . He just kept shooting , " the man said . That same witness described the gruesome scene , saying he saw Brown 's "  brains come out of his head , " again stating , "  his hands were up . " The video shows the man raising his arms in the air -- just as , he says , Brown was doing when he was shot . The other contractor told CNN he saw Brown running away from a police car . Brown "  put his hands up , " the construction worker said , and "  the officer was chasing him . " The contractor says he saw Wilson fire a shot at Brown while his back was turned . The men said they did n't see how the confrontation started . Police arrest Michael Brown protesters near interstate Other witnesses also said teen 's arms were raised An attorney for the man who filmed the video says it was recorded 40 seconds after the shooting . The video gives new insight into the case , which has spurred a Justice Department investigation , national debate and protests over authorities ' handling of the case . The construction workers said they do n't live in Ferguson and do n't know the Brown family , but their account squares with accounts from several other witnesses of the unarmed African-American teen 's shooting death on August 9 . Some witnesses say the teenager assaulted the white officer at the outset and tried to grab his gun ; other witnesses say Wilson was the aggressor . A private autopsy conducted for the Brown family showed that Brown had been shot at least six times , including twice in the head . A grand jury is hearing the case and will determine whether Wilson will face any charges . Protesters were near Interstate 70 and outside the police headquarters Wednesday , pushing for Gov. Jay Nixon to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Brown 's death . Analysts debate video 's impact CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin says the video could play an important role in the case . "  You have practically in real time someone discussing what they saw , and that 's just good evidence , " he said on CNN 's "  AC360 . " Sunny Hostin , a CNN legal analyst and former federal prosecutor , says it 's important to note that several witnesses are telling the same story . "  They 're saying that he was running from the police officer and that his hands were up , " she said . "  I do n't know what other witness testimony at this point or account we have to hear . The bottom line is having your hands up is the universal sign for surrender . " Neil Bruntrager , general counsel for the St. Louis Police Officers Association , cautioned against rushing to judgment . Witness accounts are important , he said , but need to be evaluated with all the evidence . "  I 'm not saying disregard them . I 'm saying that we will judge their credibility by all of the evidence , not by one statement , and certainly not by a 15-second video clip , " he said . Complete coverage of the Michael Brown shooting and protests	A video shows witnesses reacting to the Michael Brown shooting They describe the teen holding his hands in the air Their accounts coincide with several other witness descriptions of the shooting CNN senior legal analyst says the new video is "  good evidence "
London  CNN  -- CNN International was named News Channel of the Year at the Royal Television Society Awards in London late Wednesday , beating off competition from the BBC and Sky News . The network 's treatment of stories over the past year -- including the intensifying conflict in the Middle East , elections in the U.S. , Egypt , Russia and France , the transition of power in China , economic turmoil in Europe , riots at South African mines , extreme weather , the London 2012 Olympic Games and the Diamond Jubilee celebrations -- won the votes of the jury at the UK-based media society . Tony Maddox , Executive Vice President of CNN International , said : "  The determination and fearlessness of our reporting is an immense source of pride for me , and this award is testament to those qualities . "  To be recognized by our peers in this way is also a great honor . Professional journalism has a more important role than ever in today 's changing world , and the succinct , powerful coverage we 've delivered underlines that value to our audiences . " CNN International was also nominated for Best News Coverage -- International , for its coverage of the Syrian Uprising . The work of Arwa Damon and her team , smuggling their way into the besieged city of Homs to deliver a picture of the acute suffering endured by those trapped there , and Nick Paton Walsh 's exposure of the destructive power of the Assad regime in Aleppo were among the many standout stories CNN brought to world 's attention . Meanwhile Pedro Pinto received a nomination for Specialist Journalist of the Year , following a series of exclusive interviews with the likes of Jose Mourinho , Rafael Nadal and Cristiano Ronaldo , as well as his work exploring racism in football -- including an extraordinary one-on-one with FIFA president Sepp Blatter . The Royal Television Society  RTS  is Britain 's leading forum for television and related media . The RTS Television Journalism Awards celebrate creative and excellent journalism in UK news and current affairs , both by organizations broadcasting in the UK and by companies that supply UK news broadcasters . CNN 's win at the RTS awards is the latest honor in a year which also saw the network recognized for its outstanding storytelling efforts at the Foreign Press Association Media awards , where the network won three accolades , as well as at the recent EPPY awards where CNN Digital scooped four categories .	CNN International wins "  News Channel of the Year " at Royal Television Society Awards Recognized coverage of year 's biggest news stories including Syrian conflict , U.S. election Follows earlier recognition at Foreign Press Association awards and EPPY awards
CNN  -- Penguins can do the most ordinary or the most sinister of things , and still come across as cute . So you can just imagine the mushy effect on your insides upon seeing this little group of African penguins  also called jackass penguins , no joke  waddling around dressed in tiny penguin-sized Christmas outfits at Everland Amusement Park in Yongin , South Korea . Some dressed like Santa , some like Christmas trees , they walked , marched and melted the hearts of every squealing , DSLR-toting onlooker twice a day since the beginning of December . Zookeepers lead them around the zoo , also dressed for the occasion . While their march was slated to go on twice a day every day until Christmas , the schedule has been unexpectedly cut short due to the drops in temperature in South Korea . "  Today was the last day , " said Everland 's media spokesperson Kim In-chul . "  As they are African penguins they are not used to the cold weather so we wanted to make sure they did n't fall ill . " And what 's the park 's response to the Daily Mail 's headline wondering if the march was "  Cute or cruel ? " "  It 's exercise for the penguins and they are in a very safe environment with keepers they trust , so we do n't believe it should be considered cruel in any way , " said Kim .	African penguins dressed as Santa Claus and Christmas trees march around a South Korean amusement park Zookeepers , also dressed for the occasion , led the festivities around the zoo
CNN  -- A strong earthquake measuring 6.1 in magnitude struck southern Iran on Wednesday , according to a report from the U.S. Geological Survey . The citadel at the city of Bam , Iran in 2005 , hit by a quake in 2003 when 30,000 people died . The quake demolished nearly 200 villages in Iran 's Hormozgan Province , according to Iran 's Press TV , citing the head of the provincial disaster management headquarters , Yasser Hazbavi . At least six people were killed and 46 others were injured , Hazbavi told Press TV . People panicked and fled buildings when the temblor struck in the quake-prone region around 3:30 p.m. Iranian time  1100 GMT  , Iran 's state-run IRNA news agency reported . It also knocked out power to the region . See map of quake 's epicenter " The epicenter was located 35 miles  55 km  west-southwest of Bandar e-Abbas , Iran -- just across the narrow Strait of Hormuz from the United Arab Emirates -- according to USGS . Mehdi Rezapoor , head of the Iranian Seismological Center , said it was "  a medium-sized quake . " Speaking on Press TV , Rezapoor had no details on damage , but said that based on the quake 's strength , "  I do n't think it was very extensive . " The quake shook nearby Dubai , where CNN staff members said they felt the building they were in shake for about 15 to 20 seconds . "  From my office window at the Dubai Media City where all foreign media are located , I can see that a lot of offices have evacuated buildings , " CNN Dubai Bureau Chief Samson Desta said . "  I can see up to perhaps 200 people who have taken refuge out in the streets , causing somewhat of a traffic jam . " There was no evidence of any damage in Dubai , where there are a lot of high-rise buildings . Iran lies on a series of seismic fault lines and has experienced devastating earthquakes -- most notably in December 2003 when a 6.6 magnitude quake devastated the ancient city of Bam in southeast Iran , killing at least 30,000 people .	Strong quake measuring 6.1 in magnitude strikes southern Iran Epicenter located about 55 km west-southwest of Bandar e-Abbas , Iran NEW : Quake destroys nearly 200 villages , according to Iran 's Press TV NEW : Head of provincial disaster management : At least 6 dead , 46 others injured
CNN  -- Remember the name : Jordan Spieth is only 20 years of age , but the golfer is already being mentioned in the same breath as Tiger Woods after a whirlwind start to his PGA Tour career . Spieth , like Woods , was a multiple U.S. Junior Amateur champion before dominating college golf in his freshman year . Quickly turning professional , he became the first teenage winner on the PGA Tour in 82 years , and at this week 's traditional curtain raiser to 2014 he finished second to veteran Zach Johnson at the Tournament of Champions in Hawaii . Johnson , the 2007 Masters champion , carded four birdies in seven holes to pip joint third-round leader Spieth by a shot on Monday . The 37-year-old tweeted after his win : "  I love underdog stories " -- a recognition of the youngster 's growing reputation . Spieth is one of CNN Living Golf 's "  Five players to watch " in 2014 , as he seeks to add to last year 's maiden victory . Along with three of the biggest names in the sport -- who enjoyed wildly varying fortunes last season -- we have also cast our net in the direction of Asia , where the emerging prodigies seem to get ever younger and ever more a threat to the established order on the PGA Tour . Jordan Spieth Starting 2013 ranked 810th in the world and having turned professional halfway through his sophomore year at the University of Texas , Spieth ended it as the PGA Tour 's Rookie of the Year and with a place on the winning U.S. Presidents Cup team . So highly-rated was Spieth , that his first victory on the PGA Tour at the John Deere Classic in July was hardly considered a surprise . He won a three-way playoff against defending champion Johnson and David Hearn after spectacularly holing from a greenside bunker on the final hole of regulation play to force the shootout . Spieth then lost in a playoff for the Wyndham Championship to another promising young golfer , 23-year-old Patrick Reed and charged to fourth in the Deutsche Bank Championship with a last-round 62 . He ended the year just outside the world 's top 20 , earning the nod from Fred Couples as a captain 's pick in the Presidents Cup . Woods was a teammate in the comfortable victory over the Internationals , and when asked about Spieth the world No. 1 gave the following verdict : "  He 's earned his way on here and he 's played exceptional golf and his talent is going to take him a long way over the years . " Tiger Woods Woods may have ended 2013 as the PGA Tour 's Golfer of the Year , but will want to finally lose the tag of "  14-time major winner " and close on Jack Nicklaus 's all-time record of 18 . Woods has been stuck on 14 since winning the U.S. Open in June 2008 with an injured knee which required surgery and a lengthy recuperation . His well-chronicled personal problems also clearly impacted on his career and it was only last year which saw the re-emergence of a golfer resembling the former all-conquering Tiger . Five wins on the PGA Tour were ample evidence , but in the majors his best was tied fourth at the Masters and he will be focused on changing that stat . With youngsters like Spieth emerging and veterans like arch-rival Phil Mickelson showing no signs of fading away , Woods , who has just turned 38 , knows this is a big year -- and the choice of venues for the majors could be in his favor . "  I 'm really excited about the major championships next year . I 've won at three of the four venues -- Augusta National , Valhalla Golf Club and Royal Liverpool -- and on Pinehurst No. 2  U.S. Open  , I 'm trending the right way , having finished third and second , " he told his own website . Woods skipped the opening tournament of the year in Hawaii to spend time with his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn -- who will miss the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi due to her own knee problem -- before beginning his own buildup to the Masters in April . He still holds the record low total at Augusta of 270 back in 1997 when he announced himself to the wider sporting public with a stunning victory . Rory McIlroy McIlroy started 2013 as the world 's top-ranked golfer and ended it as the sixth best after a series of on and off-course problems . With a new management team and a new fiancee -- he announced his engagement to Danish tennis star Caroline Wozniacki on New Year 's Eve on Twitter -- the popular 24-year-old from Northern Ireland can enter 2014 with optimism . Buoyed by an end-of-year victory at the Australian Open , McIlroy has renewed confidence in himself and his Nike equipment after a big-money switch to the sportswear manufacturer at the start of 2012 that some linked to his poor form on the course . "  I 'm confident with my game and confident where it 's going , " McIlroy told reporters . "  I won a major in 2011 and 2012 but not in 2013 , so I 'll try to make up for that with two this year . " A bold prediction , but McIlroy clearly has the talent to back up his words and has been practicing hard in Dubai ahead of his opening tournament of the season at the Abu Dhabi Championship starting on January 16 . He will lock horns with Woods for the first time in 2014 at the Dubai Desert Classic a fortnight later -- an early marker for the rest of the year . Adam Scott Scott was denied the "  triple crown " back in his home country in December by McIlroy , who mounted a final round charge to win at Royal Sydney . Following wins at the Australian PGA and Masters events , it would have capped a triumphant 2013 for the 33-year-old from Adelaide , who won his first major at Augusta . Scott also paired with Jason Day to win the World Cup for Australia and , combined with an impressive victory at The Barclays , the first event of the PGA Tour 's FedEx Cup playoffs , it left him second in the world rankings behind Woods at year 's end . Many believe Scott will reach top spot in 2014 and add to his majors haul , having shrugged off the disappointment of letting a four-shot lead slip to hand Ernie Els the 2012 British Open crown . A dramatic playoff win over Angel Cabrera of Argentina at Augusta sealed his place in golfing history and he was also in contention at the British Open and U.S. PGA Championships . Scott performed strongly at Kapalua in the Tournament of Champions , tying for sixth , to serve notice he will again be a force in 2014 . Lee Chang-Woo Both the PGA Tour , and in particular the women 's LPGA Tour , are becoming accustomed to precocious teenagers from Asia turning up in the United States and making their mark . Last year it was China 's 14-year-old Guan Tianglang who had greats like Gary Player singing his praises with his performances at Augusta -- where he made the cut -- and subsequent PGA Tour events . In 2014 , South Korean Lee Chang-Woo has the same opportunity after emulating Guan and winning the Asia-Pacific Amateur Championship . That booked a place for the 19-year-year-old at the Masters and also a spot at final qualifying for the British Open . He is likely to grab the opportunities with both hands , having already mixed it with established professionals while still in the unpaid ranks . Seoul-born Lee tied for second with McIlroy at the Korea Open , the week before his Asia-Pacific win , and claimed victory in an earlier Korean Tour event . "  Playing in the Masters has been my dream since I started playing golf , " he said . "  This is a great honor , I have never been so excited . " Guan could not repeat his heroics of 2012 and finished back in eighth , but Lee was initially challenged in the final round by another young Chinese star , Dou Zecheng , before the 16-year-old fell away on the back nine . The pedigree of the Asia-Pacific Amateur winners is also strong . Since 2009 , all but one winner has made the cut at the Masters . Japan 's Hideki Matsuyama , a previous qualifier by this route , achieved the feat twice and finished third in the Frys.com Open last October , the opening event on the 2013-14 PGA Tour calendar . Lee will be hoping to make a similar impression to earn sponsor invites for PGA events after the Masters , while Matsuyama has already proved he can mix it with the best while still in the amateur ranks .	Jordan Spieth is considered brightest young prospect on PGA Tour He opens 2014 by finishing second to Zach Johnson in Hawaii Tiger Woods goes into the New Year chasing elusive 15th major Rory McIlroy looking recover his form after difficult 2013
Washington  CNN  -- Whether a political ploy or bona fide proposal , a leaked version of President Barack Obama 's draft immigration plan raised Republican hackles while bringing some additional focus to the debate . The draft plan reported over the weekend by USA Today and confirmed to CNN by an administration official included a possible path to coveted permanent residency in eight years for most of the nation 's estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants . It also called for steps to strengthen border security and the E-Verify system to check the immigration status of workers . GOP critics pounced , with some objecting to any form of what they label "  amnesty " for those in the country illegally . Others accused Obama and the White House of dirty tricks by going public with their draft as a bipartisan group of senators works on a possible agreement . Conservative Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama complained on Monday that both the Obama draft and the talks involving the Senate 's so-called Gang of Eight seek to "  confer legal status and work authorization on Day One in exchange for promises of future enforcement on which this administration will never deliver . " "  Perhaps this leak , and what it reveals , may mark the beginning of the collapse of this new scheme to force through a fatally flawed plan , " Sessions said in a statement . Others accused Obama of deliberately floating an unacceptable plan so that Republicans would reject it , bringing the party further disfavor from Hispanic Americans , the nation 's fastest-growing demographic . "  Does the president want a result , or does he want another cudgel to beat up Republicans so that he can get political advantage in the next election ? " veteran GOP Sen. John McCain of Arizona said Sunday on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " To former Rep. Connie Mack , a Florida Republican , "  a little bit of this is show from everyone , including the president 's side . " Regardless of how it happened , the leak of Obama 's plan "  plays into the fears " of Republicans that the president prefers keeping the issue alive for political advantage , Mack told CNN on Monday . His wife -- former Republican Rep. Mary Bono Mack of California -- agreed that the leak added to what she called an already deep trust deficit in Washington . "  The American people would be astonished if they knew how little trust existed between the two parties when we have to work together like this , " Bono Mack said on CNN . She acknowledged tossing the president 's plan into the debate was "  a good way to move a bill . " "  You know , come out farther to the left , make the room on the right , " Bono Mack said . "  But in this case , start with that trust . " Administration officials insisted Obama wanted Congress to work out an agreement that can win support from both parties . "  We will be prepared with our own plans if these ongoing talks between Republicans and Democrats up on Capitol Hill break down , " Obama 's new chief of staff , Denis McDonough , said Sunday on CBS 's "  Face the Nation . " "  There 's no evidence that they have broken down yet . We are continuing to support that . " He added that he hoped the two sides "  do n't get involved in some kind of typical Washington back-and-forth sideshow here and rather just ... roll up their sleeves and get to work " on writing a comprehensive immigration bill . Along with the Senate talks on possible legislation , House members from both parties also are involved in their own discussions . The draft plan reported by USA Today calls for an eight-year path to permanent residency for undocumented immigrants , who would face a criminal background check and have to pay back taxes , learn English and get a new "  lawful prospective immigrant " visa . On the day after last week 's State of the Union address , in which Obama called for comprehensive immigration reform , he met with the four Democratic senators involved in the Gang of Eight talks to reiterate what he considers to be the main principles for a final agreement . According to the White House , those principles include "  continuing to strengthen border security , creating an earned path to citizenship , holding employers accountable and streamlining legal immigration . " Republicans stung by the overwhelming support for Obama from Latino voters that helped the president win re-election in November are divided over how to proceed on immigration . Conservatives generally oppose any breaks for those who came to America illegally although some , like Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , contend the party must adopt a modern approach to an issue with such strong economic and social impacts . Rubio , who gave the GOP response to Obama 's State of the Union address , displayed the party 's conflicted posture on the issue that night . He did n't mention his past support of a route to legal status for undocumented immigrants now in the United States , but advocated a non-specific "  responsible , permanent solution to the problem . " First , he said , "  we must follow through on the broken promises of the past to secure our borders and enforce our laws . " When news of the leaked Obama proposal emerged , Rubio immediately criticized it as "  disappointing to those of us working on a serious solution . " On the Democratic side , some of the distrust noted by Bono Mack is evident . Remembering similar bipartisan talks on major issues , such as the Gang of Six that spent months working on a health care overhaul in 2009 without every reaching an agreement , they want to make sure Congress gets legislation to consider . "  I know that Senator Rubio was upset with this leak , " Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York told CNN on Sunday . "  I am not upset . We 've talked to Senator Rubio and he is fully on board with our process . And I am very hopeful that in March we will have a bipartisan bill . " Schumer said the mechanics of politics was obvious : "  If a Democrat , the president or anyone else puts out what they want on their own , it 's going to be different than what you have  in  a bipartisan agreement , but the only way we 're going to get something done is with a bipartisan agreement . " CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Gregory Wallace , Kevin Bohn , Juan Carlos Lopez , Ashley Killough and Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Leaked draft of President Obama 's immigration plan sparks uproar Some Republicans accuse the president of undermining Senate talks The White House calls the draft a backup plan if Congress fails to act A bipartisan group of senators is working on a possible agreement
CNN  -- Representatives from both political parties on Tuesday slammed U.S. Sen. Saxby Chambliss after he said that hormones may be partly responsible for sexual assaults in the military . His controversial comments came during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on the subject . Addressing top military officials , Chambliss , R-Georgia , said : "  The young folks that are coming into each of your services are anywhere from 17 to 22-23 . Gee whiz -- the hormone level created by nature sets in place the possibility for these types of things to occur . 2012 : Missouri Republican says "  legitimate rape " rarely leads to pregnancy "  So we 've got to be very careful on how we address it on our side , but guys , we 're not doing our job . You 're not doing yours , and we 're not doing ours with the rates that we are seeing on sexual assaults . "  As I said to start with , you recognize it . We recognize it , and we got to figure this thing out because we simply ca n't tolerate it . " Military chiefs oppose removing commanders from sexual assault probes The response was swift . Republican Rep. Mike Turner , co-chairman of the military sexual assault prevention caucus , issued a statement saying criminals , not hormones , cause sexual assaults . AC360 : War on women , or politics as usual ? "  Perpetuating this line of thinking does nothing to help change the culture of our military . We must be focused on combating this issue directly . The numbers speak for themselves , " the Ohio representative said . Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , D-Florida , called for Chambliss to apologize . Navy football players investigated in sex assault complaint "  For a United States senator , or anyone , to write off sexual assault and the personal violation of a woman or a man to the raging hormones of youth shows just how dramatically out of touch the Republican Party is , " she told MSNBC . "  I think he should think about whether if , God forbid , a sexual assault happened to a daughter of his , would he think it was OK for a senator to just chalk the assault up to raging hormones ? " Opinion : Soldiers and sex -- can men evolve ?	Chambliss suggested hormones may be partly responsible for assaults in the military The Georgia senator commented in a hearing on sexual assaults in the military He was criticized by representatives from both parties Criminals , not hormones , are the cause , says an Ohio congressman
CNN  -- In a little more than three months , Manti Te'o probably will be drafted by an NFL team and sign a multimillion dollar deal . Before teams sink that much money into players , they have questions . With the revelation that the football feel-good story of the year centered on the Notre Dame linebacker 's love for a woman who never existed , many people have questions for Te'o -- a lot of questions . And as each question in the saga gets answered -- none publicly by Te'o -- it seems another one , or two , or three , crop up . For instance , why did Te'o tell reporters before the Heisman Trophy presentation on December 8 that he "  lost both my grandparents and my girlfriend to cancer , " when two days earlier the woman he thought was dead called him on his cellphone ? Why did he tell a Sports Illustrated reporter in October that Kekua came to one of his games then issue a statement this week that he never met her ? Who is now behind the one of the Twitter accounts associated with Lennay Kekua , a woman who apparently never lived , let alone died , in September before Te'o , who called her his girlfriend , played one of the biggest games of the young season ? The Te'o hoax in 30 posts A tweet Thursday purportedly from the fictional girlfriend promised she would have a big announcement that would help sort out details of the story , but the tweet was merely a joke about Te'o . Two other tweets on the page were retweets from the verified account of Te'o . " @LennayKay I miss you ! " a November 6 tweet from Te'o said . On September 12 , Te'o tweeted " @LennayKay you will always be with me wherever I go ! " It was unclear Thursday whether the person Te'o tweeted to in September used it again after reports broke of a hoax or whether someone created a new account with the same user name . The airing of the bizarre story began Wednesday , when sports website Deadspin published a piece dismissing as a hoax the existence of Te'o 's girlfriend -- the one who he said died around the same time as his grandmother while his team marched toward the BCS National Championship Game . Then Wednesday , the university held a news conference saying Te'o was the victim of a "  elaborate hoax . " And Te'o , the Heisman Trophy runner-up , released a statement saying he was embarrassed that he was the victim of a "  sick joke . " The bizarre developments left many wondering if they , instead of Te'o , were led on . "  Te'o 's story that he is completely innocent in this does not really ring true to us , " Timothy Burke , co-author of the Deadspin article , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Wednesday night . Pete Thamel , the Sports Illustrated writer who published a transcript of his interview with Te'o , said he thinks the star linebacker was duped . "  If he was acting he deserves an Oscar nomination , " Thamel said . "  The depth and the detail of this scam is mindboggling , but I do think Te'o ... he caught the wave of this story , maybe exaggerated the depths of their relationship a little . But at the end of the day , we need to hear from Manti Te'o . " Doubters wonder if Heisman Trophy a factor in hoax The hoax The story of the girlfriend came to light in September as Notre Dame continued its improbable undefeated season , and Te'o , a relentless tackler , was beginning to emerge as a front-runner for the prestigous Heisman Trophy . He led the Fighting Irish , amassing double-digit tackle games and becoming the face of one of the best defenses in the nation . In September and October , Te'o told interviewers that his girlfriend and grandmother had died within hours of each other . The girlfriend , a 22-year-old Stanford University student , died of leukemia , he said . The twin losses inspired him to honor them with sterling play on the field , Te'o said . He led his team to a 20-3 routing of Michigan State after he heard the news . "  I miss 'em , but I know that I 'll see them again one day , " he told ESPN . Opinion : Te'o tale a mirror to our gullibility ? It was indeed a gripping interest story of determination . And the media ran with it . No one bothered to seek out Kekua 's family until Deadspin , acting on an anonymous e-mail received last week , started poking around . "  What do you do when you first want to know something ? You Google it , right ? " Burke said on CNN . "  And Google searches for ` Lennay Kekua ' only showed up articles about her dying , and inspiring Manti Te'o . "  There 's no evidence of her existing in any way , other than , you know , after she had allegedly died . And we thought that was a little weird . " Te'o 's grandmother died in September , Deadspin said . But there was no Social Security Administration record of Kekua 's death . The Birth and Death Registration Office in Orange County , California , told CNN it had no record of Kekua , nor does the county coroner . Deadspin called mortuaries and funeral homes in Carson , California , where Kekua was reportedly buried -- but came up empty . The website sought out the person whose picture had been presented as that of Kekua and tracked her down . Timeline : How the story unfolded She was alive , did n't have leukemia and had never met Te'o . "  That sort of opened everything up , " Burke said . The revelation prompted the Notre Dame athletics director to call a news conference Wednesday . There was no way for Te'o to know the relationship was a hoax because it had been conducted strictly online and on the phone , said director Jack Swarbrick . The pair had set up several meetings , including in Hawaii , where Te'o grew up -- but Kekua never showed , Swarbrick said . The university said it did not know how many people were in on the ruse . According to Swarbrick , Te'o received a call from a woman claiming to be his girlfriend on December 6 , telling him she was not dead . Those calls continued , but Te'o did not answer , he said . The Heisman Trophy was awarded two days later , and Te'o made comments about losing relatives to cancer before he finished second in the award voting to quarterback Johnny Manziel of Texas A & M . The Stanford University registrar 's office told CNN that it has never had a student registered in Kekua 's name or using an alternate spelling . "  Outside of a few Twitter and Instagram accounts , there 's no online evidence that Lennay Kekua ever existed , " Deadspin contends . "  There was no Lennay Kekua . " Te'o in his own words Her ` soulful eyes ' So , how did the two fall in love ? According to the South Bend Tribune in Indiana -- the newspaper of Notre Dame 's hometown , the two met -- yes , met -- after a football game in Palo Alto , California , in 2009 . "  Their stares got pleasantly tangled , then Manti Te'o extended his hand to the stranger with a warm smile and soulful eyes , " the paper gushed . "  They could have just as easily brushed past each other and into separate sunsets . Te'o had plenty to preoccupy himself that November weekend in Palo Alto , Calif. , back in 2009 . " The article went on to say : "  Lennay Kekua was a Stanford student and Cardinal football fan when the two exchanged glances , handshakes and phone numbers that fateful weekend three seasons ago . " Te'o 's father , Brian , was quoted in the article : "  They started out as just friends . Every once in a while , she would travel to Hawaii , and that happened to be the time Manti was home , so he would meet with her there . But within the last year , they became a couple . " The newspaper said Wednesday it based Teo 's story on information from the linebacker , his family members and coaches -- and moved the story to its archives . But as Thamel reported Thursday , Te'o said they met through a cousin . "  The only time he did n't speak with confidence was when I asked how they met , " he wrote . I did n't press him , as it was clearly something he did n't want to share . I suspected they may have met online , understood he would n't have wanted that public and moved on . " Media reports indicate the parents never met Kekua . Social media jump all over story Te'o was in Florida training for the NFL Scouting Combine , where draft prospects showcase their abilities for teams . He did n't meet with reporters or answer phone calls to his room on Thursday . He tried to clear things up with a statement Wednesday saying he "  developed an emotional relationship with a woman I met online . " "  We maintained what I thought to be an authentic relationship by communicating frequently online and on the phone , and I grew to care deeply about her , " he said in the statement . "  To realize that I was the victim of what was apparently someone 's sick joke and constant lies was , and is , painful and humiliating , " the statement continued . "  It further pains me that the grief I felt and the sympathies expressed to me at the time of my grandmother 's death in September were in any way deepened by what I believed to be another significant loss in my life . " Share your online dating experience with CNN iReport Who 's who on the Internet ? Who knows CNN 's Phil Gast and Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	Manti Te'o is a hoax victim , Notre Dame says , but questions continue to pop up A sportswriter thinks Te'o may have embellished his relationship An NFL football player says he has met a woman he thought was Kekua
CNN  -- Hating the Internal Revenue Service is an American pastime that transcends political affiliation . This past May , disgust for the IRS reached an all-time high when Lois Lerner , director of the IRS 's Exempt Organizations unit , disclosed the agency had improperly targeted social welfare organizations seeking special status under section 501  c   4  of the tax code based on their political ideology . This revelation resulted in more than three months  and counting  of congressional hearings and investigations . Read the IRS inspector general 's report on targeting But in typical Washington fashion , the manufactured congressional outrage and grandstanding has served to do little more than obfuscate the real scandal at the IRS : that the agency allows social welfare organizations to manipulate federal tax law by spending hundreds of millions of dollars on political ads . Anyone who watched television in the lead-up to the 2010 and 2012 elections undoubtedly noticed the slew of vitriolic , misleading campaign ads . Some of these ads were sponsored by federal candidates , but many more were produced by groups with innocuous sounding names -- such as Crossroads GPS or the American Action Network -- but massive bank accounts . Crossroads GPS , for example , a nonprofit organization cofounded by former George W. Bush administration official Karl Rove , spent more than $ 70 million on the 2012 election . Like the groups targeted by the IRS , Crossroads GPS is a section 501  c   4  organization , which affords certain tax benefits and -- most importantly -- the ability to keep the names of donors secret . Federal law requires these groups to operate "  exclusively for purposes beneficial to the community as a whole . " IRS regulations , however , create a loophole in the law by allowing groups "  primarily " engaged in these types of activities to benefit from this tax status . Many 501  c   4  groups have interpreted this regulation to mean they can spend up to 49 % of their funds on political activities -- mostly negative , deceptive political ads . Adding to the confusion , the IRS has said there is no specific percentage the agency uses to gauge whether a group has engaged "  primarily " in social welfare activities , but rather that it considers all facts and circumstances . What does that mean exactly ? No one knows . When directly confronted about the problem and the agency 's record of inaction , the IRS has said only that it is "  aware " of the issue . But the IRS has been aware of and has chosen to ignore this problem for more than 50 years . If the agency had revised its regulations at any point in the past as my organization and others requested , the agency might have avoided the quagmire in which it is drowning . Frustrated with the IRS 's inaction , in May CREW filed a lawsuit against the IRS for flouting the law barring 501  c   4  organizations from engaging in political activity . The case is pending in District of Columbia district court . Rep. Chris Van Hollen , D-Maryland , and other public interest groups filed a similar lawsuit last month . Because social welfare organizations are not required to disclose their donors , 501  c   4  groups have become the de facto vehicle for millionaires , billionaires , and even corporations who want to remain anonymous while influencing our elections . As a result , politically active nonprofit groups spent more than $ 300 million on the 2012 election . Americans should not only be outraged that our elections are being flooded with anonymous cash , but because of the nonprofit status of these groups , taxpayers are subsidizing their activity . With more and more groups seeking to participate in federal elections using money raised from donors who want to remain anonymous , applications to the IRS for 501  c   4  status more than doubled between 2010 and 2012 . To manage the deluge , Lerner said the agency relied on code words and other shortcuts to single groups out for extra review . While the scrutiny of tea party groups has received the most attention , the IRS "  Be on the Look Out "  BOLO  list also included the words "  progressive , " "  occupy , " and "  Israel . " Flagging any group for further screening because their applications included specific words or phrases was wrong . The impact , however , of such misguided actions on our democracy was negligible , particularly compared to that wrought by the IRS 's failure to stop hundreds of millions of dollars from flooding our electoral system to influence our votes . For all of the abuse heaped upon the IRS and for all the concern about the BOLO list , the same thing could happen again if the disparity between the language of the statute and regulation is not addressed . Agents processing applications of groups seeking social welfare status in the future will remain as confused about the standards as those whose decisions have been questioned this year . Nevertheless , Congress has shown no appetite to pass legislation clarifying the requirements for these nonprofit groups . As the 2014 election cycle gets under way , the super rich and corporations with deep coffers will continue to buy our elections , and Congress will continue to spend time and resources on a never-ending cycle of investigations into a problem with a fairly easy solution : as Congress intended when it first passed the law , prohibit 501  c   4  organizations from spending money on anything other than social welfare activities . As long as members of Congress do nothing other than one-up each other 's disdain for the IRS , nothing will change . And that really is a scandal . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Melanie Sloan . Got a story idea or tip for CNN 's investigations team ? Go to cnn.com/investigate or click here to submit . Watch Erin Burnett weekdays 7pm ET . For the latest from Erin Burnett click here .	Lois Lerner sparked scandal by revealing the IRS targeted social welfare organizations Author : IRS allows some of these groups to spend hundreds of millions on political ads The IRS has ignored this problem for more than 50 years , says author Melanie Sloan . Sloan : Until Congress does more than express its disdain for the IRS , nothing will change
CNN  -- New York police have collected DNA evidence in the case of nighttime acrobats who replaced two American flags atop of the Brooklyn Bridge with two white flags , according to a law enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation Friday . The swapped-out bleached flags were spotted by construction workers at 5:30 a.m. Tuesday . The DNA was taken from tin pans used by the vandals to cover bridge lights , according to the official -- a clever move to elude detection while the flags were raised . The tin shields were held in place with zip ties . So far there is no match in existing databases where DNA evidence of solved and unsolved crimes are kept , the official added . Among other leads investigators are following are five nicknames who tipsters suggest might be associated with the incident . Investigators are trying to learn the real identities behind the nicknames or street names . It 's too soon to know whether any of them were involved , the official said . The motive is unclear : Was it a stunt , prank or something more sinister ? Officials have said they are looking at whoever had access or familiarity with the bridge , including maintenance workers or anyone who worked on the fireworks extravaganza over the East River on Independence Day . The event this year included pyrotechnics shooting from the bridge . Cell phone calls are being tracked and about 18,000 license tags were checked from vehicles that crossed the bridge in the overnight hours , according to the official . More than 120,000 vehicles , 4,000 pedestrians and 3,100 bicyclists cross the Brooklyn Bridge every day , according to the city Department of Transportation , which maintains the bridge . The oversized white banners -- American flags that were pre-bleached -- have prompted investigators to talk with flag manufacturers and check websites for anyone who may have recently purchased large Stars and Stripes , according to the official . Intelligence analysts are also looking into any possible significance of the day that was chosen to see whether that may yield clues . The NYPD 's Intelligence Division has even reached out to other countries to see whether similar stunts have occurred elsewhere . NYPD Deputy Commissioner for Intelligence John Miller said at a news conference Wednesday that the NYPD has video that shows four or five people crossing the bridge just after 3 a.m. Tuesday . Within the hour , the light that normally illuminates the flag on the Brooklyn side of the bridge flickered and appeared to go out . A few minutes later the same thing occurred on the tower on the Manhattan side . "  At this time , it appears it has no particular nexus to terrorism or even politics , " Miller said Tuesday . "  This may be somebody 's art project , or it may be an attempt at making some kind of statement , but at this point it 's not clear what the statement is . " Police Commissioner Bill Bratton called the incident a matter of concern and requested the help of the public as investigators search social media for claims of responsibility . "  If flying a white flag atop the Brooklyn Bridge is someone 's idea of a joke , I 'm not laughing , " Brooklyn Borough President Eric Adams said in a statement . "  The public safety of our city is a paramount of importance , particularly our landmarks and bridges that are already known to be high-risk targets . " Adams announced that he is offering a reward of $ 5,000 for information leading to the arrest of the person or people responsible . The Brooklyn Bridge opened in 1883 . At the time it was the longest suspension bridge in the nation , according to the Department of Transportation . The bridge has been designated a National Historic Landmark by the National Park Service , and a New York City Landmark by the Landmarks Preservation Commission . Who switched two flags atop the Brooklyn Bridge ? CNN 's Poppy Harlow , Marina Carver and Rande Iaboni contributed to this report .	DNA collected from tin pans used to cover Brooklyn Bridge lights during flag switch Nicknames , cell phones and license plates also being tracked to find the culprits Mysterious white flags spotted atop the Brooklyn Bridge NYPD Commissioner calls incident a "  matter of concern "
A series of high-profile rape cases involving girls , foreign tourists and a physiology student who died following a brutal gang rape in December has hit India 's reputation . In response , the nation 's lawmakers have introduced tougher laws and punishments for sexual crimes and harassment . Despite such action , India continues to see episodes of sexual violence . The latest case to draw outrage involved a 7-year-old girl who was raped in a train 's toilet compartment in central India last weekend . Why is rape and sexual violence getting such attention in India ? A robust public dialogue on sex crimes in India emerged in December after the gang rape of a 23-year-old woman in a bus in New Delhi . The physiotherapy student died in a Singapore hospital . An outcry quickly grew over her death and expanded to include widespread concerns about women 's safety and inequalities , triggering demonstrations in India 's capital . Advocates criticized the world 's largest democracy for failing to protect half of its population . Protesters demanded better treatment of women and decried the apathy of police and the judicial system . "  The truth is , when most women report sexual harassment in India 's cities , towns and villages , they are typically met with a shrug , " Anjana Menon wrote in an opinion piece . "  Slowly , but firmly , the onus of remaining safe seems to have shifted to women , instead of being shared by society and law-keepers . " The country has continued to see several high-profile cases of rape and sexual violence . A Swiss tourist and her husband were attacked while they had set up camp near a forest in the state of Madhya Pradesh . A group of men beat the husband and raped the wife in March , according to police . Last month , a court sentenced six men to life in prison in the gang rape case . In April , a 5-year-old girl was abducted and raped repeatedly , until she was found semiconscious three days later . In May , a 4-year-old died after being abducted and sexually assaulted . Is rape more common in India than other countries ? Official data in India show that rape cases have jumped almost 875 % over the past 40 years -- from 2,487 in 1971 to 24,206 in 2011 . But campaigners say this is the tip of the iceberg . Statistics concerning rape and sexual violence tends to be underreported because of stigma and cultural factors . It 's an inexact science to compare one country 's rape statistic to another , because of the tendency to underreport . In 2010 , women in the United States experienced 270,000 completed , attempted or threatened rape or sexual assaults , according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics . Overall , the World Health Organization estimates that the global toll of sexual or physical violence in women is 35.6 % , which is likely to be an underestimate . Dr. Margaret Chan , the WHO 's director-general , described violence against women as a "  global health problem of epidemic proportions . " Why is this happening in India ? Some observers say violent acts against women stem from the country 's largely patriarchal social setup . Some blame pornography and Bollywood for objectifying women , and a culture that values chastity . Many women 's rights activists say the issues of violence and inequality start before birth . Sex-selective abortions continue , despite being illegal in the country . The sex ratio in the 2011 census dwindled to 940 females to 1,000 males . Parents prefer boys , because many do n't want to pay dowry  which is also illegal  . Girls are seen as a burden , while boys are viewed as contributing to their families , advocates say . "  Often they get less food than their brothers , they 're pulled out of school early to help at home or get married , " said Ruchira Gupta , the founder of ApneAap , a women 's organization . Women 's rights advocates point to an entrenched societal view that values men more than women . What 's being done ? The government passed tougher anti-rape laws , introducing the death penalty for repeat offenders , and imprisonment for acid attacks , human trafficking and stalking . It also punishes public servants , such as a police officer , who "  knowingly disobeys " the laws required in an investigation . It has prompted an increase in the number of women working in New Delhi police stations . But some say while the laws have changed , the mindset and enforcement have n't . Some advocates are taking the situation into their own hands , with groups of girls patrolling their local streets to protect women from harassment , educating boys on how to properly treat girls and men holding campaigns to challenge the patriarchal views .	Rape of a 7-year-old on a train draws outrage in India India sees a series of high-profile sexual violence cases since the deadly gang rape case Government passes stricter laws to punish those who do n't investigate reported cases
CNN  -- Doctors treating Arizona Rep. Gabrielle Giffords have scheduled a Friday morning news conference to provide an update on her progress . Giffords , who was shot in the head in an attack outside a Tucson , Arizona , supermarket on January 8 , has been recuperating at TIRR Memorial Hermann rehabilitation hospital in Houston . She was moved to the facility in late January from the University Medical Center in Tucson , Arizona . "  Two months after her injury , the congresswoman continues to improve , " the Houston hospital said in a statement sent late Wednesday night . Six people were killed in the incident ; Giffords was among 13 injured . Authorities have said they believe Giffords was targeted . On Wednesday , a federal judge in Arizona entered "  not guilty " pleas on behalf of Jared Lee Loughner , the 22-year-old Arizona man facing 49 counts -- including murder and attempted murder -- related to the shooting . Judge Larry Burns also scheduled a May 25 competency hearing for Loughner , and attorneys on both sides will be allowed to hire their own experts to evaluate Loughner 's competency to stand trial .	Giffords is recuperating at a rehabilitation hospital in Houston She was shot in the head outside an Arizona supermarket in January A judge has entered "  not guilty " pleas on behalf of the shooting suspect He also ordered a competency hearing for Loughner
Washington  CNN  -- Airplane manufacturer Boeing builds some of the most complicated machines on Earth , but in its efforts to make wireless signals on airplanes better it turned to the produce aisle for help . Wednesday the company announced a "  breakthrough " in the procedures it uses to evaluate wireless signals in cabins , saying in a news release the tests make "  it possible for passengers to enjoy more reliable connectivity when using networked personal electronic devices in the air . " The new procedures come , in part , thanks to 20,000 pounds of potatoes that were piled in the seats of a decommissioned plane used for the tests . The tubers mimic the way the human body responds to electronic signals , so engineers at Boeing 's Test & Evaluation Laboratory used the spud-filled plane to try out the new methods without requiring hundreds of people to sit in the aircraft . Once the engineers had the methods down , they were able to replace the starchy veggies and validate the data with humans . Boeing says the procedures it developed can reduce the time it takes to test wireless signals from two weeks to just 10 hours . "  One of the wonderful aspects of our improved testing is that we can describe both strong and weak signals with incredible accuracy , " Boeing spokesman Adam Tischler said in a statement to CNN . "  Engineers who are concerned primarily with operational safety of an airplane can see if the strong signals are safe for the airplane 's communication and navigation systems . Meanwhile , an engineer who is concerned with getting every passenger a really good network signal can see if the weak signals are propagating through the airplane with enough power to provide a good usability experience . " Most Americans are familiar with wi-fi Internet connections provided on airplanes , but the Federal Communications Commission and the Federal Aviation Administration have prohibited U.S. airlines from allowing cell phones in flight due to concerns about interference . Some countries do allow cell phone use on board planes with specially designed cell phone receivers , devices which Boeing sells and installs . "  We can actually apply this kind of testing to just about any signal , " spokesman Tischler said . "  This is more than just wi-fi testing . We can test for safety and usability for all manner of personal electronic devices that might get used on an airplane . " As for the potatoes that were used in the tests , Boeing says they were donated to a food bank .	Boeing tests new methods to provide wireless signals to passengers Instead of loading a plane with people for the tests , it piles in potatoes The tubers mimic the way the human body responds to electronic signals
CNN  A senior commander of Iran 's Revolutionary Guard was killed in an Israeli airstrike in Syria over the weekend , Iran 's semiofficial Fars news agency reported . Gen. Mohammed Ali Allahdadi was killed in the same Sunday airstrike that killed six others during a field inspection in Quneitra , a Hezbollah statement said . The Israel Defense Forces declined to comment on the strike . The son of a late Hezbollah commander was also killed in the airstrike , Hezbollah said . Jihad Mughniyeh , the son of Imad Mughniyeh , was born in 1989 . His father was assassinated in Syria in 2008 . According to a statement from the Lebanon-based militant group , a group was doing a field inspection in Quneitra when a helicopter opened fire . CNN 's Amir Daftari , Hamdi Alkhshali and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	Gen. Mohammed Ali Allahdadi of Iran 's Revolutionary Guard killed in strike , report says Six others , including the son of a late Hezbollah commander , also killed in strike , Hezbollah says
CNN  -- Eurozone finance ministers meeting in Brussels , Belgium , on Monday will discuss giving Spain an extra year to meet its deficit targets . Spain had been told to cut the difference between its income and spending to within 5.3 % of gross domestic product  GDP  by the end of 2012 . But European Union sources tell CNN that ministers will probably revise that goal upward to 6.3 % Monday , in accordance with a draft put forward by the European Commission late Friday . As part of the plan , Spain will be asked to cut its headline deficit to 4.5 % of GDP for 2013 and 2.8 % for 2014 , the sources said . The ministers are meeting 10 days after their heads of government agreed to use the bloc 's temporary bailout funds to recapitalize Spain 's ailing financial system and to set up a joint supervisory body for the area 's lenders . The aim of Monday 's summit is to figure out how to implement those proposals , though EU insiders are doubtful the politicians will put numbers on the page yet . One official close to Monday 's discussions said they are likely to include the so-called Troika group of lenders , which includes the EU commission , the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund . "  There 's still some technical work that needs to be done , " said the official , speaking on the condition of anonymity . "  As such , they  finance ministers  are aiming for more of an agreement in principle rather than a commitment . " A month ago , the same eurozone finance ministers agreed to put aside 100 billion euros  $ 150 billion  to shore up the capital base of Spain 's banks -- money that will come initially from the region 's nonpermanent European Financial Stability Facility . Audits commissioned by the Spanish government recently showed the sector is likely to need 60 billion to 70 billion euros in extra cash to stay solvent . But the eurozone seems to be far from the point of disbursing that money . ' "  We may well hear talk of brackets rather than final numbers , " the official told CNN . That may be hard for the bond markets to digest . Ahead of the gathering , the yield on Spain 's 10-year bonds surpassed the 7 % level that forced Greece , Ireland and Portugal to accept bailouts . When it comes to Greece , it seems that Brussels is less optimistic about whether any headway would be made . "  The expected outcome is likely to be less concrete , " the official said . "  The idea is essentially for the new Greek finance minister to outline his government 's policy intentions and for the Troika to give an initial reading about how things have gone thus far . " Finance ministers for the eurozone will meet at 5 p.m. local time in Brussels on Monday . A broader gathering among the full EU finance ministers will take place Tuesday .	Eurozone finance ministers meeting in Brussels , Belgium , on Monday will discuss Spain Spain was told to cut difference between its income and spending to within 5.3 % of GDP But ministers will probably revise that goal upward to 6.3 % Monday , EU sources say Official : The ministers want "  more of an agreement in principle " than a commitment
Editor 's note : Sarah Hughes won the gold medal in figure skating at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City , Utah , and is a graduate of Yale University . Medalist Sarah Hughes says the Games are about excellence and unity . CNN  -- What are the first thoughts that pop into your mind when you hear the word Olympics ? Probably something synonymous with excellence , greatness , excitement , achievement . Maybe it 's the striking image of Nadia Comaneci scoring a perfect 10 etched in your mind , or the experience of following Michael Phelps ' quest to win a record-breaking eight gold medals last summer in Beijing , China . Or is it the thrill of watching the 1980 U.S. Olympic hockey team winning the gold medal in Lake Placid , stacked up against unimaginable odds , that occupies that space ? I could go on and on , but whatever image the Olympics has for you is probably accompanied by a feeling of pride , happiness , joyfulness , maybe even a childlike glee . Sometimes it 's the simple way you can sum up your response to the question -- and perhaps that 's the point of asking the question -- but it would be foolish to ignore other aspects of the Games that contribute to making the event happen . Although the presence of public officials at host-city bids shows the International Olympic Committee that they are behind the bid and will be supportive , such appearances are not required . On Friday , President Obama , a Chicago , Illinois , resident for many years , will arrive in Copenhagen , Denmark  his wife is already there  , to support and try to persuade the IOC voters in favor of the 2016 Chicago bid . Obama 's visit to Copenhagen will make him the first U.S. president to attend an Olympic host-city vote . His visit will not be the first by a president  or prime minister  whose country went on to win a bid for the Games . British Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife were in Singapore lobbying IOC members for the 2012 Summer Games host-city vote when London was awarded the event . Two years later , Russian President Vladimir Putin went to the host-city vote in Guatemala when Sochi , a relatively unknown city , won the right to host the 2014 Winter Games . The other 2016 contenders vying for votes from the 100-plus eligible members of the IOC are Madrid , Spain ; Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ; and Tokyo , Japan . Michelle Obama , a lifelong Chicagoan enthusiastically championing the U.S. bid , is displaying her "  Olympic spirit . " On Monday , the eve of her visit to Copenhagen , she spoke of being ready to woo each voter individually if need be : "  Gloves are off . I 'm talking to everybody . That 's what my schedule looks like . " Sounding like an Olympic competitor already herself , she added that she did n't "  think there 's one person left off . " It is easy to come to the conclusion that I might be biased , having won a gold medal in figure skating at the 2002 Salt Lake City Games , but I was an American and a fan long before those Games , and I will be one long after . The memories , unity and patriotism from the Salt Lake Games was n't about any one particular thing but about all those little "  things " coming together : the result of what the participants -- the fans , volunteers , competitors , coaches , moms , dads , sisters , brothers , cities and nations -- created by sharing the best we have to offer with one another . That 's what the Olympics are about . They are about greatness , they are about excellence , but above all , the Games are about unity . In a September 10 letter to IOC members , Obama wrote about how he "  sees the 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games as an extraordinary opportunity for America to renew our bonds of friendship and welcome the world to our shores with open arms . " And on Friday , when Obama arrives in Copenhagen , he will be joined by Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , newly appointed Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama and King Juan Carlos of Spain . Let the Games begin . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sarah Hughes .	Sarah Hughes : Obama is among other world leaders who have sought Olympics She says Games are about excellence and unity in support of U.S. teams She says Michelle Obama is showing she shares the Olympic spirit
CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court for now has blocked Wisconsin from implementing its voter identification law . After a federal appeals court upheld the law earlier this week , a coalition of private groups had asked the high court to intervene on an emergency basis , complaining the newly-implemented procedures could cause confusion , causing many voters to either not bother to cast a ballot or be mistakenly turned away at the polls . The order issued Thursday evening was opposed by Justices Samuel Alito , Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas . "  It is particularly troubling that absentee ballots have been sent out without any notation that proof of photo identification must be submitted , " said Alito . The state had argued the law reduces voter fraud and promotes accurate record-keeping , saying that producing a government-issued photo identification , such as a driver 's license , would not unduly inconvenience most citizens . Wisconsin officials have not announced their next steps to comply with the high court 's one-page order . The issue could affect the gubernatorial race between incumbent Republican Gov. Scott Walker , who backs voter ID , and his Democratic challenger Mary Burke . The Wisconsin cases are Frank v. Walker  14A376  and  14A352  . Meantime in Texas , a judge struck down that state 's voter ID law , saying it would disenfranchise minority voters and therefore could not be implemented . "  We are extremely pleased with today 's ruling , a ruling that was compelled by the facts of this case . Following a two-week trial that included testimony from nearly 40 witnesses , Texas failed to identify a single instance of in-person voter fraud -- the purported justification for Texas 's photo ID law , " said Sherrilyn Ifill , president and director-counsel of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund , the nation 's leading civil rights law firm and a separate entity from the NAACP . "  The Court today effectively ruled that racial discrimination simply can not spread to the ballot box . " The office of state Attorney General Greg Abbott said in a statement it would appeal "  and urge the Fifth Circuit  federal court  to resolve this matter quickly to avoid voter confusion in the upcoming election . The U.S. Supreme Court has already ruled that voter ID laws are constitutional so we are confident the Texas law will be upheld on appeal . " U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder lauded both the Wisconsin and Texas decisions . "  This Department will never yield in its commitment to protecting that most sacred of Americans ' rights -- the right to vote , " he said in a statement .	Coalition of private groups had asked high court to intervene Justices Alito , Scalia and Thomas opposed the order The issue could affect Wisconsin 's race for governor Judge in Texas also strikes down state 's voter ID law
Jimmy Kimmel got us again . Did you see the video of the Russian wolf that was supposed to have been roaming the hallways of the Olympic Village ? One word : Fake . Kimmel admitted the prank on his late night TV show , saying his crew filmed the American wolf and got permission from Kate Hansen , a member of the U.S. luge team , to post it on her Twitter and YouTube accounts . "  I 'm pretty sure this is a wolf wandering my hall in Sochi , " her tweet said . More than 1.7 million people have checked out the video . Both Hansen and the wolf appeared on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live ! " on Thursday night . Hansen said the video created a bit of a stir in the Olympic Village . "  Security started freaking out , because technically it was a breach . You know , athlete safety , " Hansen told Kimmel via Skype from Sochi . "  It kind of went a little crazy here . " By the way , the wolf is named Rugby and he 's an American timberwolf mix , according to his trainer in Los Angeles . Folks online were speculating that he was possibly a husky or German Shepherd mix . This is n't the first time Kimmel has pulled the wolf over our eyes . Remember the twerking stunt back in September , right after Miley Cyrus showed us her moves on the VMAs A woman who was twerking upside down in what appeared to be her living room takes a tumble when surprised by her roommate . She crashes into a coffee table , knocks over some candles and sets her pants on fire . Yes , Kimmel did that one too . For her help with his latest stunt , Kimmel awarded Hansen a gold medal for pranking . No word yet on what Russian officials have in mind for her . After fooling millions of folks on TV and the Internet again , maybe it 's Kimmel who 's the wolf -- in sheep 's clothing .	Wolf video is fake It 's a real wolf , just not in Sochi Kimmel borrowed a wolf from an animal trainer in Los Angeles Kimmel pranked us with a twerking video in September
CNN  -- Athletes competing at the 2012 Olympic Summer Games will face more scrutiny about banned substances after organizers said they will be carrying out more doping tests than in any previous Olympics . The London Organizing Committee of the Olympic Games  LOCOG  said Wednesday they plan to carry out about 5,000 blood and urine tests at the Games and about 1,200 tests at the Paralympics , which are held about two and a half weeks later . Organizers at the Beijing Olympics in 2008 carried out 3,667 blood and urine tests , according to Giselle Davies , a spokeswoman for the International Olympic Committee . "  We need to have a strong message that drug cheats are not welcome at the London Games , " said Debbie Jevans , LOCOG 's director of sport . LOCOG will be primarily responsible for the collection of samples and providing a laboratory to analyze them , a London spokeswoman said . The lab will be accredited by the World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  , which also runs an independent observer program at the Games . UK Anti-Doping , a non-departmental public body responsible for implementing national anti-doping policy , will be helping LOCOG with the testing . "  We are partnering with LOCOG to develop a comprehensive program of testing , athlete education , and training for anti-doping volunteers in the lead-up to , and during , the London 2012 Games , " said Andy Parkinson , chief executive of UK Anti-Doping .	London 2012 Olympic athletes to face record number of drug tests . Organizers plan to carry out 5,000 blood and urine tests . That compares with 3,667 tests at the Beijing Games in 2008 .
San Francisco  CNN  -- Police here have opened an investigation into the search of a man 's home by Apple employees , an official said Wednesday . San Francisco police were flooded with inquiries and barraged with criticism after releasing a statement on Friday saying four officers had aided Apple , which sent two of its security officials to search a man 's home for a "  lost item . " At the time of the search last month , Apple declined to file a formal report with the police . Apple did not find the device at the man 's home , police said . The item they were looking for was a prototype for the next iPhone that was lost in a bar , according to CNET , making this the second time in as many years that an Apple employee has lost a prototype while out for drinks . CNET reported earlier Wednesday that the police had opened an investigation . Lt. Troy Dangerfield confirmed that police are now investigating the case , but he declined to comment further , citing a policy that prohibits officials from discussing open investigations . "  It 's not something we can just let pass , " Dangerfield said . Police officials said they were unable to confirm until Friday that a search had taken place because those involved did not file paperwork , at Apple 's request . Apple had not returned an official 's initial request for comment , police spokesman Albie Esparza said last week . The official statement came after police finally conferred with Apple . Apple declined CNN 's request for comment on Friday . A man told the publication SF Weekly last week that he consented to a search of his home when the people arrived and identified themselves as police . He reportedly said it was n't clear that the pair searching his home were Apple employees , not police ; he also told the publication he would not have authorized the search if he had known . Misrepresenting oneself as being a police officer is a crime , but police are allowed to mislead suspects , said Rebecca Lonergan , a former federal prosecutor who now teaches at the University of Southern California 's law school .	Police launch investigation into the search of a man 's house by Apple employees An official declined to comment further , citing police policy Apple has declined to offer its side of the story
CNN  -- Grammy-winning trumpeter Freddie Hubbard , a leading figure in jazz during a five-decade career , has died at age 70 , about a month after suffering a heart attack , his publicist said Tuesday . In the 1970s , Freddie Hubbard made a series of funk - and fusion-oriented albums , such as the 1970 hit "  Red Clay . " Hubbard died Monday morning in Sherman Oaks , California , outside Los Angeles , after a long battle with heart disease , spokesman Don Lucoff told CNN . He had been hospitalized since suffering a heart attack the day before Thanksgiving and took a turn for the worse last week , Lucoff said . "  Freddie Hubbard , in terms of the advent of modern jazz , the birth of bebop , was probably among the five greatest trumpet players that has ever lived ... He 's really right up there with Dizzy Gillespie , Miles Davis , Lee Morgan , Roy Eldridge , an innovator and great composer , " Lucoff said . A native of Indianapolis , Indiana , Hubbard moved to New York in the late 1950s . By the mid-1960s , he was playing alongside such major jazz figures as Art Blakey , Oliver Nelson , Ornette Coleman , Herbie Hancock and Wayne Shorter . In the early 1970s , he made a series of funk - and fusion-oriented albums , such as the 1970 hit "  Red Clay " and 1972 's Grammy-winning "  First Light . " "  The thing that set Freddie Hubbard apart was he played rapidly , he played soulfully and he really set the pace for a lot of the trumpet players who have come after him in the last 20 or 30 years , " Lucoff said . Hubbard was named a National Endowment for the Arts Jazz Master in 2006 . He is survived by wife , Briggie , and son Duane .	Grammy-winning trumpeter long fought heart disease , spokesman says Hubbard played with major jazz figures including Art Blakey and Herbie Hancock Hubbard was named a National Endowment for the Arts Jazz Master in 2006
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  -- At least 47 people were killed and 79 were wounded Monday by a suicide bombing outside a school in northern Nigeria , police said . The attacker was disguised as a student when he set off the explosion in a government boarding school in the town of Potiskum , police spokesman Emmanuel Ojukwu said . "  We suspect Boko Haram is behind the attack , " Ojukwu said . The explosion took place at 7:50 a.m. local time outside the principal 's office , where students had gathered for a daily speech . "  We were waiting for our teachers to come and address us at the assembly ground when we heard a huge explosion , " student Adamu Ibrahim said . It was not immediately clear how many of the casualties were students . Although no one $  has claimed responsibility for the attack , Boko Haram is the prime suspect . The radical Islamic militant group has carried out deadly attacks on schools teaching Western curriculum . In February , Boko Haram gunmen killed at least 40 students when they opened fire and threw explosives in student hostels in a government boarding school in the town of Buni Yadi , in Yobe state . And last year , 42 students were killed when Boko Haram gunmen attacked dormitories with guns and explosives in a government boarding school near Potiskum . Bring Back Our Girls : Meet the man who never gave up hope Potiskum , the commercial hub of Yobe state , has been repeatedly targeted by deadly attacks blamed on Boko Haram . Just last week , a suicide bomber blew himself up in Potiskum amid a large crowd of Shiite Muslims holding the annual Ashura ceremony to commemorate the murder of Imam Husseyn , the grandson of the Prophet Mohammed . That blast killed 15 people . No one claimed responsibility for the attack , but Boko Haram was suspected . The group 's five-year insurgency is aimed at establishing an Islamic state $  .	The blast took place near where students gathered ; police say 79 people were wounded No one has claimed responsibility for the attack Police suspect Boko Haram , which has targeted schools teaching Western ideas The group 's five-year insurgency is aimed at establishing an Islamic state $ 
CNN  -- Two of the five children pulled from a car Thursday after it plunged into an icy pond in Minnesota have died . Five-year-old Zenavia Rennie died , according to Lt. Eric Roeske with the Minnesota State Patrol . Later Thursday , seven-year-old Alarious Coleman-Guerrido died , family member , Tamy Johnson told CNN affiliate KARE . The other three children -- ranging in ages of 1 to 6 -- suffered serious injuries , according to the Minnesota State Patrol , which received a report of the car sinking in a retention pond early in the morning . The 1998 Pontiac Grand Am , the children were traveling in , ran off the road into the water , which was about 9 feet deep . Its driver , 23-year-old Marion Guerrido , got out of the car on her own , and suffered no apparent injuries . Those who lived near the scene said they heard Marion Guerrido 's harrowing wails for help . "  She was screaming we could not hear what she was saying , " Jessica Ressler told KARE . One neighbor said he saw a man jump in the water before emergency crews arrived and desperately tried to help Guerrido get the kids out of the car but could n't , KARE reported Medical personnel initially attempted to reach the vehicle . But because of the cold water , and how far the car sank , they were unable to get to the children immediately , according to Roeske . The first child was removed some 20 minutes after the incident began ; the last child was in the water for roughly 40 minutes , he said . Authorities do not believe weather , drugs or alcohol played a role in the crash , which is under investigation . Guerrido is the mother of three of the five victims . The others are her stepchildren , KARE reported . "  Devastating . It does not get any worse than that , "  John Sedey , executive director of Odeyssey Acedemy the school that four of five children attended , told KARE "  It 's devastating to our staff because everybody feels so close to all of our students . " CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : 2 children die A 1998 Pontiac Grand Am ran off the road The other children suffered serious injures Weather , drugs and alcohol likely did not play a role in the crash
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. troops in Okinawa will now be on curfew after the arrest of two U.S. sailors accused of raping a local woman , the commander of U.S. forces in Japan said Friday . Lt. Gen. Salvatore Angelella also apologized Friday in a statement announcing the curfew . "  I want to personally apologize for the grief and trauma the victim has endured , " the statement said . Read more : Small U.S. base is giant issue in U.S.-Japan relations The curfew restricts military personnel to the base , a personal home or hotel between 11 p.m. and 5 a.m. Police in Okinawa identified the detained sailors as U.S. Navy Seaman Christopher Daniel Browning and Petty Officer Skyler Dozierwalker of Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Fort Worth in Texas . The two men , both 23 , are alleged to have raped a Japanese woman early Tuesday , leaving her with a neck injury , police said . They were taken into custody later that day . The incident has prompted a women 's group in Okinawa to call for more restrictions on what U.S. military personnel can do when off-base . The issue of violent crimes , especially rapes , by U.S. troops in Japan has divided the two countries for decades . It came to a peak in 1995 when a U.S. sailor and two U.S. Marines were convicted of raping a 12-year-old girl . Tens of thousands of Okinawans took to the streets at the time demanding that the United States leave the island south of Japan 's main islands . In that case , the U.S. military at first refused to turn the suspects over to Japanese authorities . But in the most recent case , the suspects were in Japanese custody almost immediately . Read more : U.S.-Japan deal withdraws 9,000 Marines from Okinawa The alleged attack took place two months after a U.S. Marine was arrested , accused of assaulting and molesting a woman in Naha , the capital of Okinawa . Relations between the U.S. military and the people of Okinawa have already been stressed in recent months over the U.S. Marine Corps ' deployment of MV-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft to a base on the island . Some Okinawa residents are concerned because the Osprey has had a reputation for crashing . The Okinawan community has long been against the presence of the U.S. military , which recently announced that thousands of Marines will be moved to a base in Guam .	Two U.S. sailors were arrested this week , accused of raping a local woman "  I want to personally apologize " for the victim 's grief and trauma , U.S. commander says The issue of violent crimes , especially rapes , by U.S. troops in Japan has divided the nations
Dar es Salaam , Tanzania  CNN  -- As the old adage goes , "  If you want it done right , do it yourself " -- and for social activist Rakesh Rajani , those words have become an ethos to live by . Growing up in a low-income family in Tanzania , Rajani quickly learned first hand about the hardships faced by many living in East Africa . At just four years old , he started working in his parents ' shop . Later , when he wanted to go to school , Rajani watched his mother fight tooth and nail to find the funds to send him . These definitive childhood moments would set the young man on a path of social justice culminating with his movement , "  Twaweza . " Meaning "  we can make it happen " in Swahili , Rajani established the non-profit organization in 2009 with the goal of empowering people through information and building an "  ecosystem of change " for themselves . Here he sits down with CNN 's African Voices to reveal how he is trying to spark a social movement to make a difference for millions of people . Dream big . He tells CNN : "  My dream is that when people wake up in the morning , whether you are a fisherman in my home town of Wanza on the lake there , or whether you are a farmer in Subawanga or in Gulu , or you are a pastoralist in northern Kenya , you wake and you know that your life matters , and that you can do something about it . " Take responsibility . "  We are forced to have thoughts for ourselves , we are forced to question , we are forced to analyze what is going on , and in the end what we are also beginning to realize is that we can complain all we want and nothing much will happen or we can take responsibility in making things happen , of co-shaping life , and I think that 's what 's happening , " says Rajani . Do n't sit back , be part of the solution . "  The concept behind Twaweza very much is this , from the ground up , that the citizens are part of the solution . They are part of the solution in terms of solving things themselves , every day ; it 's not every problem that you need to wait for the president or the minister to solve ... It 's not just about complaining , it 's not just about pointing fingers , it 's about fixing things , it 's about coming up with solutions . " Spark an education revolution . The self-described "  broker of ideas " says : "  Africa is rising , but Africa is rising for who ? Who is benefiting who is not and unfortunately while there are many wonderful things and many economies are growing at rates that are enviable to the West , the reality is that Africa is not rising for many people particularly young people . And that also if we are going to fully benefit from the potential we have in Africa it will need skilled people . " Partner with politicians to achieve goals . Rajani believes that people need to focus the minds of politicians by highlighting the issues that need to be amended . To wit , a key aim for Twaweza is to seek a greater transparency and accountability in government . "  I could see a whole new modeling practice where a government says , ` in order for us to succeed we need your help , we need your collaboration , we need your ideas , we need your critique . ' That new model of government , I think , is the future . " He adds : "  The old idea that government knows everything and shuts everybody out is now so , so old thinking , it does n't work that way . " Bridge the gap between rich and poor . Education in East Africa has been a vital development over the last decade . And while figures of youth attendance has improved , on-the-ground surveys conducted by the non-profit have found quality of education to be lacking . Rajani says transparency of fund allocation is the reason for this . "  The lack of transparency is a real problem and all these things are making sure we earmark budgets properly , making sure that the system that we use to get the money there is simple and efficient , and making sure that everybody , parents and teachers , know what is going on . It 's a big part of what we do at Twaweza . "	Tanzanian-born social activist Rakesh Rajani calls himself "  a broker of ideas " He founded non-profit Twaweza , which means "  we can make it happen " in Swahili Rajani believes there needs to be a "  ground up " movement brought about by locals He also says as Africa continues to rise , young people mus n't be left behind
CNN  -- New York City Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio may look like the privileged white male so many Americans have come to associate with the face of , and in many cases the problem with , American politics . But as his 19-year-old daughter , Chiara , told a crowd at an August fundraiser , de Blasio is not just "  some boring white guy . " And the truth behind that statement -- not to mention the young woman who made it -- probably won de Blasio the race to become the city 's first Democratic mayor in 20 years . Throughout his campaign , de Blasio campaigned on a progressive platform : more jobs , better schools , affordable housing and inclusive city politics . But what kept his platform from being rhetoric per usual was the undeniable strikingly visual proof that de Blasio was different in a very modern and appealing way . De Blasio 's wife , Chirlane McCray , is black ; their two children , Chiara and Dante , are biracial . Throughout the race , the de Blasio family unit was at the forefront , making frequent campaign appearances , starring in TV ads , choreographing a bizarre but charming dance and otherwise creating many adorable moments , from their family embrace and quirky wardrobe choices on the cover of New York magazine right up to Chiara 's surprise Election Day visit home from her California college to vote . Direct mail pieces introduced "  Bill & Chirlane , " the "  Brooklyn family who 's fighting to change New York , " with a picture of the foursome drinking juice and playing Trivial Pursuit . It was a picture so very ordinary and yet not : Where some other boring white guy 's white wife might sit is Chirlane , her hair in locs ; next to her is Chiara with an eyebrow piercing and gauged earlobes . Sixteen-year-old Dante 's 6-inch Afro became a favorite topic among the media . Telegenic family helps lift New York 's mayor-elect On "  The Daily Show , " Jon Stewart donned a bushy wig and asked the de Blasio family to consider adopting him ; President Obama told Dante he had the same hairstyle in 1978 . The hair eventually earned its own hashtag on Twitter , embodying the power it came to symbolize : #fromentum . Opponent Joe Lhota , meanwhile , kept his family largely out of the spotlight , saying they prefer privacy and suggesting on "  Good Day New York " that de Blasio was "  using his family because he has no policies . " Even if that assertion had been true , what Lhota discounted was the enduring importance of family in politics and the power of the promise of change and diversity . Although de Blasio 's family might have made him unique in such a major political race , it is far less so when you look at America as whole . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , interracial and interethnic married couples grew by 28 % over the past decade , from 7 % in 2000 to 10 % in 2010 . Among unmarried couples , the numbers rise still : Eighteen percent of opposite-sex unmarried couples , and 21 % of unmarried couples , are interracial . Among American children , the multiracial population has increased almost 50 % , to 4.2 million , since 2000 , while the number of people of all ages who identified themselves as both white and black climbed a whopping 134 % since 2000 to 1.8 million people , growing faster as a group than those who identified as a single race . De Blasio 's election does n't necessarily symbolize a universal or even New York City-wide acceptance of interracial marriage . But mixed-ethnicity pairings have served other candidates well . Consider Jeb Bush 's marriage to Mexican-born Columba Gallo and , of course , President Obama 's own racially mixed background . At the same time , it was only a few months ago that a commercial for Cheerios featuring an interracial couple and their daughter caused such intense backlash on YouTube that the comments section had to be closed . Still , studies have showed that showing affection for family of any color or makeup helps humanize , and differentiate , a political candidate . A 2007 Gallup poll found that three in four Americans view "  family values " -- which they identify in the context of a political campaign as the family unit , family structure or strong families -- as extremely important in determining their vote . This , of course , is the reason the overwhelming majority of elected officials are married with children . De Blasio was smart to call on his family , interracial or not . Was it a political move ? Perhaps . And the fact that it worked ultimately says far more about the voters than it does the candidate . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy Drexler .	Peggy Drexler : Future NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio 's family is all-American in a striking new way Drexler : His wife is black and two children are biracial , and they are charming and fun Drexler : Number of interethnic married couples growing ; number of biracial folks climbing She says voters respond to families , interracial or not , with the values of de Blasios
CNN  -- A third Oklahoma teen is now facing a felony murder charge months after the shooting death of a college baseball player from Australia . Prosecutors have dropped a youth offender charge against Michael Jones , 17 , and are charging him as an adult with felony first-degree murder , Melody Harper with the Stephens County Court Clerk 's office said . Two other teens -- James Edwards Jr. , 15 , and Chancey Luna , 16 -- also face felony first-degree murder charges in the case . They are scheduled to appear in court on November 20 , Harper said . Authorities accuse the teens of gunning down Christopher Lane , a 23-year-old Australian student who attended East Central University on a baseball scholarship . Lane was jogging in Duncan , Oklahoma , in August when he was shot in the back . 911 caller : Oklahoma killing may be gang-related Prosecutors allege that Luna pulled the trigger and Jones drove the getaway car , CNN affiliate KOCO reported . Police have said that Jones later told them , "  We were bored and did n't have anything to do , so we decided to kill somebody . " Asked outside the courtroom Wednesday whether they had any response to the new charge against their son , Jones ' parents declined to comment to KOCO . The senselessness of the killing caused outrage in Australia and the United States , with former Australian deputy Prime Minister Tim Fischer calling for a boycott on travel to the United States in response and President Barack Obama expressing his condolences to Lane 's family . Suspect tweeted ` time to start taken life 's ' The case also prompted speculation the killing may have been racially motivated , as one of the alleged shooters , who is black , had allegedly made online comments about disliking white people . District Attorney Jason Hicks said while the post appeared racial in character , there was insufficient evidence to pursue hate crime charges in the case . On Wednesday , a judge issued a gag order , preventing both sides in the case from talking about it publicly , according to KOCO .	Prosecutors charge Michael Jones , 17 , with first-degree murder Jones and two other teens are accused of gunning down Christopher Lane Lane , a college baseball player from Australia , was shot dead while out jogging Police say Jones told them , ` We were bored ... so we decided to kill somebody '
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero Wednesday ordered a review of his country 's nuclear power plants in light of the crisis unfolding in Japan , where workers are battling to contain radioactive materials at a plant after an massive earthquake and tsunami . Spain is the latest in a number of countries around the world who are giving their nuclear programs a second look as Japan tirelessly works to avoid a nuclear disaster . According to nation 's nuclear regulatory body , the Nuclear Safety Council , Spain has eight nuclear reactors in operation at six nuclear power plants . "  We should do this , but there are reasons to remain calm about the safety of our nuclear plants and about the reports the Nuclear Safety Council is preparing , " Zapatero told reporters of his decision for a review . He added , "  What we are going to do is be even more sure and safer . And if there is a needed improvement at some nuclear plant due to a hypothetical risk , that 's the work of the Nuclear Safety Council . " Separately , Zapatero said that Spain is not ordering an evacuation of its nationals in Japan because there 's been no such request from the Japanese government . Instead , Spain will follow Japan 's lead and will try to assist those Spaniards who wish to leave . There are no Spaniards in the affected zone near the nuclear power plant or in other high-risk areas , the prime minister 's office reported . There are about 1,900 Spaniards in Japan , more than half of them in the Tokyo area . In Venezuela , President Hugo Chavez said that preliminary plans for a nuclear power plant in his country will be halted . He ordered his energy ministry to look for alternative sources of energy . Tuesday , German Chancellor Angela Merkel announced a three-month moratorium on the extension of the operation periods for German nuclear plants . That move will lead to at least one German nuclear plant shutting down very soon , Germany 's environmental minister later said in a statement .	The decision was made in light of the crisis in Japan Spain 's prime minister says the review will make the plants even safer Venezuela announced it 's halting plans for a nuclear plant
CNN  -- To better understand Portugal 's economic challenges look no further than Guimaraes ; its oldest city and the cradle of my nation . In the 1980s and 1990s , this city was an industry boom town with factories lining the valley . Today many of these are gathering dust while others rust , as the economic crisis and competition from China take their toll . But despite the doom and gloom , there is one Portuguese industry that 's making great strides . Read more : Islam and democracy can work in EU , says Turkish Deputy PM Shoemaking , one of the most traditional and oldest industries in the country , is mapping out a new future by exporting its way out of the crisis . And some are discovering new ways to gain traction overseas . We visit a shoemaker where , on one of the factory floors , workers stitch , sew , glue and lace up the company 's product . The shoes range from the practical and functional , to outright edgy . Read more : Finnish PM : Eurozone nations must follow the rules Stamped on the side of each shoe is a sketch of a fly . This is the company 's logo , and its brand name is Fly London . It 's entirely "  Made in Portugal " -- but distinctively un-Portuguese . Others such as Nobrand , Camport , Eject , Mack James , and Softwaves have also chosen to have an Anglo-Saxon ring to them , so they can stand out in the very competitive market . Read more : Auto industry revs up recovery on Spain Alfredo Moreira , the executive director of the Portuguese Footwear and Manufacturers Association , tells me the decision to use Anglo-Saxon names fits perfectly with today 's open and globalized economy . He told me "  competition is tough , " adding , "  companies have to think in a very globalized way . " It 's a strategy that has helped drive growth , with 97 % of output now going to about 130 countries . To better understand their export market , I visit Fly London 's new warehouse . I find boxes upon boxes of Fly London shoes , ready for delivery to Croatia , Denmark , Italy , UK , U.S. , Russia and Angola , among many other countries . Read more : GE Europe chief eyes investment in Germany But Fortunato Frederico , managing director of Fly London , tells me selling abroad requires more than just a foreign name . It requires investment in new and advanced technologies , better quality products , spending on international promotion and updated workforce skills . During my tour of Fly London 's factory , Frederico tells me they 're installing new technology which will make the ordering process smoother and faster . Portuguese shoes are now the second most expensive in the world , behind Italian shoes , according to industry group APPICAPS . Marketing drives and innovation has helped grow the industry 's exports by 6 % every year for the past five years . For the Portuguese government , which has been pinning its hopes on traditional sectors such as this one , the industry offers a glimmer of hope for a country trying to get out of its debt quagmire . And with the Portuguese economy expected to shrink by 2.3 % this year , industries like this are more than just examples of innovation -- they are the glue holding a fragmented economy together .	Despite economic gloom , one Portuguese industry is expanding its export market Shoemaking , one of country 's most traditional industries , is mapping out a new future Some are discovering new ways to gain traction , such as adopting Anglo-Saxon names It 's a strategy proving its value , with exports in the industry growing 6 % a year
CNN  Military family activist Liz Snell never thought it would happen to her group : Apparent ISIS sympathizers hacked her group 's Twitter account and posted threats against a half dozen or so members . The threats came just a month after Snell told CNN she would n't allow the ISIS-related hack of the U.S. military 's Central Command Twitter account to deter her fight to help military spouses in distress . On Tuesday , the ISIS-connected threats became personal , against her group , Military Spouses of Strength . "  I never thought we would be in this position , " Snell said Tuesday after the group 's Twitter account was hacked by a group calling itself the CyberCaliphate , which partly refers to ISIS ' efforts . "  Initially , I felt scared . I think I would be lying if I did n't , if I said otherwise , " Snell said . "  I feel a sense of responsibility to our members and followers . Military Spouses of Strength was formed for military spouses to feel that they have a safe place . " For now , the group 's Twitter page is indefinitely shut down at Snell 's direction , and she 's ensuring everyone in her group "  is being safe as possible . " Her group promotes the mental well-being of spouses whose partners are U.S. military personnel deployed to the battlefield , often repeatedly . The hacking is the latest volley in an ongoing cyberbattle that pits ISIS and its sympathizers against hacking groups such as Anonymous , which on Tuesday claimed responsibility for cyberassaults against nearly 800 Twitter accounts , 12 Facebook pages and more than 50 email addresses linked to ISIS . On the other side of the cyberwarfare is CyberCaliphate , which claims ISIS ties . On Tuesday , it appeared the group hacked the Twitter accounts of Newsweek and the breaking news system of a Maryland television station . According to Newsweek , IBTimes.com , the website of the International Business Times , was also hacked . CyberCaliphate is the same organization that was confirmed to have hacked the Twitter account for U.S. Central Command earlier this year . RELATED : CENTCOMM Twitter account hacked , suspended The group also posted threatening tweets against first lady Michelle Obama and others . On the Twitter account of Military Spouses of Strength , the ISIS sympathizers posted a threatening form letter and opened each threat with the name of one of the six or seven members of the group . "  You think you 're safe but IS is already here . #CyberCaliphate got into your PC and smartphone , " the threat said . The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  is also known as the Islamic State  IS  . The militants , condemned internationally , seek an extreme Islamic state across Sunni areas of Iraq and in Syria . Snell said the threats targeted group members who were quoted in a CNN article in January entitled "  After ISIS Twitter threat , military families rethink online lives . " Snell was also featured in a 2014 CNN project about suicides and suicidal acts among military spouses , whose experiences often go uncounted in official studies . "  It looks like to me that everyone who was threatened was connected to the CNN article , " Snell said . Snell reported the apparent ISIS-related hacking to the FBI . The FBI does n't confirm if it receives particular complaints and was n't commenting Tuesday on whether it was investigating Snell 's complaint , said FBI spokeswoman Lindsay Ram . "  Depending on the nature of the threat and the extent of any related attacks , it may be appropriate for the FBI to investigate the intrusion . If there is a threat of physical violence , victims are also encouraged to contact local authorities , " Ram said . Amy Bushatz , another Military Spouses of Strength member who was threatened , said she also received a friend request on her personal Facebook page that originated from a group apparently connected to ISIS . The friend request came from a person who identified himself as "  Gaspar CyberCaliphate Sadz . " The friend request featured a person 's head wrapped in a black-and-white checkered head scarf . "  I thought , well , that is creepy , " Bushatz said Tuesday . When she went to look at that person 's Facebook page again , "  it was gone , " Bushatz said . "  It had been deleted . " Then Bushatz learned of the threat on the military spouses ' Twitter account . "  I would be lying if I did n't say it  made  me a little nervous , " Bushatz said . "  I do n't think you can receive what appears to be a personal threat from ISIS without being nervous . " But Bushatz said Tuesday , as she did in January , that she wo n't live in fear . Bushatz is a reporter and editor for Military.com , which describes itself as "  the largest military and veteran membership organization , " with 10 million members . She covers military spouses and family news , she said . "  Being in a military family is a vulnerable place to be , " Bushatz said . "  So I would say being cautious is n't a bad thing , but we 're not people who live in fear . If they think they can have control over us by frightening us , they 're wrong . " Citing such personal safety measures , both Snell and Bushatz declined to give their husband 's names and the military base to which they 're assigned . Bushatz , whose husband is an officer in the Army , also writes the SpouseBuzz column for Military.com , and on Tuesday , she wrote a story about how "  ISIS Threatened Me But They Did n't Win . " "  You might be thinking ` that 's what you get for being stupid enough to be quoted by name in a CNN article about ISIS and cyberthreats . ' However , the decision to have my name used in that story was n't a hard one . My name is everywhere -- here , on Military.com and in other national publications . I am a public person . That ship has sailed , " Bushatz wrote . Another military spouse told The Hill website that her Twitter account was hacked by someone claiming to be part of ISIS . The threat by the CyberCaliphate targeted military spouses and their children in the name of a "  cyberjihad . " The threat stated : "  While your president and your husband are killing our brothers in Syria , Iraq and Afghanistan we 're coming for you , " according to The Hill . "  You think you 're safe but the IS is already here , CyberCaliphate got into your PC and smartphone , " the threat continued . "  We know everything about you , your husband and your children and we 're much closer than you can even imagine . You 'll see no mercy infidel ! " according to The Hill . The military spouse was n't identified in the story , but The Hill said the Twitter account was owned by the spouse of a U.S. Marine and is used to publicize her nonprofit , which advocates for military spouses . On Tuesday , Newsweek Managing Editor Kira Bindrim confirmed that the magazine was hacked , and said the outlet had regained control of the account . "  We apologize to our readers for anything offensive that might have been sent from our account during that period , and are working to strengthen our newsroom security measures going forward , " Bindrim said . Maryland station WBOC tweeted just after 9:30 a.m. Tuesday that its "  text alerts have been hacked by the group calling itself the CyberCaliphate . WBOC is aware of the situation and working to remedy it . " The station said as many as 16,000 subscribers received threatening messages like the following : "  We 're CyberCaliphate ! With Allah 's permission we 're coming for you ! You 'll see no mercy infidel ! " CNN 's Alexandra Jaffe and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	Apparent ISIS sympathizers called CyberCaliphate hack Twitter account of military spouses Group 's leader feels scared and takes down Twitter page indefinitely Another group member is undaunted and writes about how "  they did n't win "
CNN  -- In the summer of 1989 , Nickelodeon debuted its first scripted sitcom , which followed an Arizona dude ranch owner and the teens he employed for the summer . A lovably goofy concept even then , "  Hey Dude " ran for 65 episodes and ultimately helped define Nick 's programming for the next 25 years . It 's since become a cult classic that would find new life on the Internet and on DVD , with reruns still getting airtime . Cast and crew members of the beloved comedy reunited in honor of the show 's 25th anniversary in Austin , Texas , for the third annual ATX Television Festival . It marked the first time the group had sat down together since the show wrapped filming in 1991 . The "  Hey Dude " gang sat down with both fans and reporters for an afternoon of questions , anecdotes and memories . David Lascher , who portrayed lovable troublemaker Ted McGriff , said he was taken aback when he saw his cast mates . "  It 's so nice to see everybody . It 's just a flood of amazing memories , " he says . "  Everyone looks great , seems happy . I ca n't believe it 's been so long . " Christine Taylor , who played bubbly girl-next-door Melody Hanson , said her kids played in the same gym class as Lascher 's at one point , but it has been difficult to keep in contact with everyone . "  Some of us did stay in touch , but it was back in the day when we all left , and we did n't have e-mail addresses , " she says . "  If you moved and you were n't responsible with your address book , you lost touch . " Series writer Alan Goodman went on to write and produce 1990s Nick hits "  Clarissa Explains It All " and "  The Mystery Files of Shelby Woo , " and opens up about why "  Hey Dude " remains close to the hearts of everyone involved . "  None of us had any experience at all before this , " Goodman said , "  so it 's something we all do remember fondly . " Taylor said some memories of the show 's aesthetics continue to make her cringe -- especially when it comes to the wardrobe . "  I do n't even think that was cool then ! I do n't remember pleated khaki shorts belted with a shirt and a bolero being cool -- even for people who lived on a dude ranch , " she says . But Debrah Kalman , who co-starred as ranch mother figure Lucy , said she took some of the costumes home after the show wrapped and wears them to this day . The youngest star , Josh Tygiel , got the role of the skateboarding Buddy after responding to an open call notice in a local Tucson newspaper . Tygiel lived at home during the show 's filming , but as Taylor recalls , the rest of the cast were in much closer quarters . "  Being away from home , we bonded very quickly . We were at the Ramada Inn , and then we upgraded to the Radisson Suites . " There were two major absences from the reunion : Kelly Brown , who portrayed strong-minded rich girl Brad Taylor , and Joe Torres , who played the easy-going Danny . Brown had to pull out at the last minute due to a family emergency -- and no one in the group is still in contact with Torres or clued in to his whereabouts . "  We do n't really know , " Goodman said . "  We just know the same rumors that everybody else knows that reads the Internet . There was a rumor he died , there was a rumor he was selling cars in New Jersey , but I do n't know if anybody has confirmed any of these things . He 's been hard to find . " Taylor and Torres visited the former Bar None Dude Ranch set in Tucson together a year or two after the show wrapped . Although not as run-down as it appears in a recently uploaded fan visit , Taylor said it was depressing nonetheless . "  It was really sad . It was all still standing , but it just all looked decrepit . Pieces were taken , everything was stripped down . " The cast members now have children of their own , and have had a variety of experiences introducing "  Hey Dude " to a new generation . "  A few years ago , somebody contacted me and said they 're rerunning all the episodes , so I DVR 'd them for my children , " says Lascher . "  My oldest , who was probably like 8 at the time , really loved it . She totally was into it ! " It was n't quite the same positive reaction for Jonathan Galkin , who joined the show as series regular Jake Decker in Season 3 . "  I bought the DVDs and showed them to my children , but their eyes glazed over , " recalls Galkin . "  They did not think it was funny . " The cast and crew are mostly in agreement a reboot of the series does n't sound like a good idea , with or without the original characters . For Taylor , "  Hey Dude " worked so well in part because of the time it aired . "  Nowadays , a reboot would be so different . There 's something very simple about the show , " she says . "  It was just these kids on a dude ranch navigating their way through these simple issues . I do n't think it would be cool to see Brad and Melody texting each other or Instagram-ing each other ! " Show writer Lisa Melamed says "  Hey Dude " is still the most asked-about credit on her r  sum  , despite later work on critical favorites like "  Party of Five " and "  Sisters . " "  I 've actually had people come up to me over the last few years ... and say things like , ` You shaped my childhood . ' It 's an amazing thing to hear ! " Of all the times people have recognized her from the show , Taylor said , one instance stands out . "  The year I was marrying my husband -LSB- actor/director Ben Stiller -RSB- , we 're at a party , and this sort of L.A. , blonde type comes up to me and says , ` Oh my god ! Melody from "  Hey Dude " . ' And I said , ` Oh my god , you know "  Hey Dude " ? ' And she said , ` Yeah . I 'm Paris Hilton . ' And that was the first time I met Paris Hilton . " Hey , dude , see more comedy biz stories at CNN Comedy .	The cast of Nickelodeon 's "  Hey Dude " reunited after 25 years "  Hey Dude " was Nickelodeon 's first scripted show It was the first time the group was together since the show wrapped in 1991
CNN  -- It worked in 2005 with David Beckham , the impassioned pleas of London school children and the promise that an Olympic Games in the British capital would "  Inspire a Generation . " It worked -- four years later -- with the prospect of a historic Games in South America when Rio de Janeiro convinced the International Olympic Committee  IOC  of Brazil 's suitably to host the world 's greatest sporting event . So on Saturday , what will representatives from Istanbul , Madrid and Tokyo come up with to convince IOC members in Buenos Aires that their city should be handed the right to host the 2020 Summer Games ? "  Being chosen as a host city is a gold medal , " Mike Lee , a veteran of three successful Olympic bid campaigns , told CNN . "  Not all cities can host them , not all countries have the economic strength to be able to do it . " Lee is something of an Olympic king-maker . It began when he was appointed the director of communications and public affairs for London 's ultimately successful 2012 bid , before he set up his own strategic communications company Vero in 2006 . Since then , Vero has contributed to the success of Rio de Janeiro 's bid to host the 2016 Olympics and Pyeongchang 's winning campaign for the 2018 Winter Games in South Korea . Vero 's list of accomplishments also includes advising on Rugby Sevens ' election into the 2016 Games and a significant contribution to Qatar 's bid to host the 2022 football World Cup . "  We 're very proud of our record , " Lee said before jetting off to Buenos Aires , where he hopes to see the World Squash Federation -- another Vero client -- successfully lobby for the inclusion of their sport in the 2020 Games . "  There 's a danger with cities that they say they need the Games , but that 's not the question . "  The question is why do the Games need your city ? What can you bring to the Games , Olympic sport , the Olympic movement ? How can you make it different ? Rio 's Olympic village is delicious eye candy "  Ultimately that is what we would call a narrative that will allow you to bring your story to life . " Istanbul , Madrid and Tokyo will all be desperate for their cities to write the 2020 chapter of the Olympic tale . Each location will hope to tell its own compelling story . The Spanish capital of Madrid is proposing a Games on a comparatively modest budget of $ 2 billion , with the aim of stimulating the economy of a country still wrestling with a financial crisis that has gone on for several years . Istanbul , with a reported mega-budget of $ 20 billion , is tantalizingly positioned across two vast markets in Asia and Europe . And then there is Tokyo 's futuristic pitch epitomized by plans for a space-age Olympic Stadium and the promise of a first "  downtown Games . " So what factors will woo over 100 voting IOC members ? "  Every bid is different , " said Lee . "  I think we set a new benchmark in modern campaigning with London 2012 . "  The focus was very much on inspiring young people , reconnecting Olympic sport with the next generation . That was a theme with London right from the beginning . "  With Rio it was a focus on a Games of transformation and celebration . Rio was ready , investment in the city would be very significant and also bringing the Games to South America for the first time . "  Pyeongchang , South Korea was the gateway to the Asian market , Asian fans and the next generation of Winter Olympic competitors . South Korea was the platform to do that . " However , each city 's Olympic fairytale must first address concerns over their readiness to stage the Games . Spain 's financial situation remains precarious , while Tokyo 's bid team is facing questions and growing concerns over the radiation leak at the Fukushima nuclear plant . Anti-government protests swept through the streets of Istanbul in June and July , with tear gas and water cannons used by the police to halt demonstrators . Against the backdrop of political and financial unrest , campaigning for the right to hold a sporting event must strike a delicate balance . While the rewards and prestige of hosting the Olympics are enormous -- it is safe to say the legacy of staging the Games can breathe new life into a country -- there are plenty of dangers . "  You 've got to bid for the event that 's right for your city or your country at that time , " said Lee . "  Cities should n't come into a race without understanding the scale of what is involved . Just bidding is an expensive exercise . "  I 'm certainly not one who believes more major cities should be bidding for the Olympic and Paralympic Games . They are a massive commitment and a golden prize . "  As London showed , they can be a major boost to a city and to the image and brand of a country . They can make a different to the landscape . " In the final hours before Saturday 's vote , Lee urges the bidding cities to hone their narrative to strike the right chord . After all , the chance to stage an Olympic Games arrives just once in a generation . "  You need to be able to show that technically you 're good , but also you 've got a real edge and story which makes you an attractive option for the IOC , " he explained . "  Ultimately , it is clear cities are interested in bidding and we have three strong cities in the 2020 race . "  Already cities are lining up for the 2022 Winter Games and even the 2024 Summer Games . It is clear there is interest across the globe in hosting an Olympic Games . "	Istanbul , Madrid and Tokyo vying for the right to host 2020 Olympic Games International Olympic Committee to announce the host city on Saturday Tokyo hosted the Summer Games in 1964 Istanbul and Madrid are bidding to host the event for the first time
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- At least 33 people were killed and 20 wounded in a suicide car bombing targeting a national reconciliation conference in Baghdad , an Interior Ministry official told CNN . Abu Ghraib attack victim in Yarmouk Hospital in Baghdad , Amjad Hameed The attack -- which occurred outside the municipal building of Abu Ghraib in western Baghdad -- also wounded 46 others , the official said . The attacker was targeting the latest effort by the government to foster national reconciliation between religious and ethnic groups . Sunni Arab and Shiite tribal leaders were attending the meeting , backed by the Shiite-dominated Iraqi government . Another Interior Ministry official told CNN the attack occurred when people gathered outside as the conference in the building ended . Al-Baghdadiya TV said two of its journalists were killed in the explosion . An Iraqi journalists ' group confirmed those deaths and said a number of journalists were also wounded . Along with meeting attendees and journalists , Iraqi soldiers were among the casualties . No one has claimed responsibility for the strike , but in the past , such gatherings have been targeted by al Qaeda in Iraq , the anti-American Sunni Arab militant group . Staffan de Mistura , special representative of the U.N. secretary-general for Iraq , deplored the attack and passed along condolences to grieving families . He said the bombing targeted the tribal leaders after their meeting , and called the strike a "  horrible crime that is designed to sabotage reconciliatory efforts by the Iraqi people , who , I am confident , will continue on the road of dialogue . " The blast follows another huge attack on Sunday , when a man wearing an explosives-laden vest drove a motorcycle rigged with bombs into a group of police recruits in eastern Baghdad . That attack killed 30 people and wounded 61 others . Most of the victims of Sunday 's strike were police officers and recruits who had gathered outside a police academy on Palestine Street . The same academy was targeted on December 1 in a double bombing that killed 16 and wounded 46 . The violence came after Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki on Saturday rallied sheikhs of the nation 's tribes to participate in Iraq 's government . It was the latest official effort to further reconciliation among Sunnis , Shiites and tribes of different sects and bring some former members of Saddam Hussein 's Baath party into the political fold . After the invasion , the U.S.-led coalition decided to purge Iraqi institutions of Baathists , most of whom were Sunni Arabs . Al-Maliki , who is Shiite , has been criticized in the past by minority groups for not fairly representing Iraqi 's ethnic groups . CNN 's Yousif Bassil and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	33 killed in suicide bombing at reconciliation conference in Baghdad Tuesday 's attack came as tribal leaders were attending conference Bombing came 3 days after Iraqi PM urged nation 's sheikhs to join government
CNN  -- "  Skyfall , " the 23rd installment in the James Bond series , one of the longest-running film franchises in history , recently landed at the top of the box office with $ 87.8 million in ticket sales . It was the largest opening ever for 007 and the fourth largest opening this year , behind "  The Avengers , " "  The Dark Knight Rises , " and "  The Hunger Games . " Ian Fleming 's agent has always been a man of wish fulfillment . After all , he brought heat during the chilliest parts of the Cold War and had the requisite women and weapons . Now , Bond is proving that he still has a place at MI6 by tackling a much more modern dilemma : tactical cyberespionage and terrorism . While the methods for wreaking havoc have changed , the confidential case files are as classic as the man 's martini . CNN spoke to Morgan Wright , a decorated former law enforcement officer who has done work relating to cyberterrorism for the United States Department of Justice , the Department of Homeland Security , and the Department of Defense about what "  Skyfall " gets right and wrong . In the end , the evolving franchise portrays a very real scenario that the United States may soon struggle with from a policy standpoint : When does cyberterrorism necessitate a physical response ? Busting Bond : The myths of movie spycraft Warning , there are movie spoilers ahead  . Information storage Shaking disbelief : One of the standout moments in "  Skyfall " is the film 's opening sequence in which Bond , played for the third time by Daniel Craig , and field operative Eve , played by Naomie Harris , chase a man through the streets of Istanbul . They 're after a hard drive containing confidential information about MI6 agents . It 's information that "  Skyfall 's " bad guy Silva , played by Javier Bardem , plans on uploading to YouTube , putting the agents ' lives at risk . But how likely would it be for a terrorist to obtain and store this information in one place ? Stirring reality : Terrorists and intelligence agencies handle the management and distribution of intelligence in radically different ways , Wright said . "  If you take Osama bin Laden , for example , they 're not going to have big classified systems or safeguards that go with that , " Wright said . It 's true that after bin Laden 's compound was raided , stashes of flash drives , CDs and tapes were discovered . He had everything in one place . "  That 's very consistent when you 're not part of the government and you lack the infrastructure to build out a big system that a national security agency does , " Wright said . "  Bad guys need everything in one place because that 's how they operate . " Unlike the 15 different members of the intelligence community -- ranging from the National Reconnaissance Office to the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency  $ " terrorist groups would be unable to have a secure worldwide network or to participate in cloud computing . However , it 's implied that the man they 're chasing is more than your common terrorist . He 's a man with access . Still , it 's unlikely that he would be able to have all of this information in one place . "  It 's not very plausible that the government is going to put all of their sensitive information on one hard drive that manages to get stolen because that would be a violation of what they call OPSEC , " Wright said . When it comes to top secret information , there are special access programs that are very restricted , so , Wright said , it would be virtually impossible for someone to have access to all of that information as "  everything is regulated on the government side . " Hacking in Shaking disbelief : While Bond is sipping tequila as everyone assumes he is dead , Silva goes after his main target , M , played once again by Judi Dench . The villain hacks into MI6 to gain control of the agency 's gas pipeline , which allows him to target and blow up specific rooms . The act brings Bond out of retirement . But would it be possible for a bad guy to hack into MI6 -- or any infrastructure -- to target it for destruction ? Stirring reality : Wright said many critical infrastructures are connected to Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition systems , controlling our electricity grid , water , and sewers , and are therefore are a huge soft target for terrorism . "  Now you can use it for transmissions of data communications that control everything from power in hospitals to controlling the cell doors inside a prison , " he said , adding that targeting a specific office is highly unlikely . Transportation safety Shaking disbelief : After hacking into the MI6 mainframe , Silva accesses the London Underground and manages to send one of the Tube 's trains off the rails , launching it toward Bond in rapid succession . Would it be possible for Silva to access something like a train , and how much control could he actually have over it ? Stirring reality : "  Transportation is one of the softest terrorism targets there is , and quite frankly I 'm shocked that public transportation has n't been targeted more often and that there have n't been more successful attacks , " Wright said . "  You can create a small explosion or diversion using a computer to change the lights from go to stop or interfering with the traffic control capabilities of the track by overriding a command . " Wright said . Airlines could also be at risk , the expert said . "  There are some gaping holes in the air traffic control system in terms of being able to access frequencies or being able to talk directly to pilots . " Still , just like M 's office , Wright said the idea that Silva could target a train so quickly and send it to Bond 's location is based predominately in fantasy . Snagging the villain Shaking disbelief : When things get really bad , Bond and M decide the time has come to create a digital trail that will lead Silva directly to them , but they want to make it look like they 're actually hiding . This leads them to the final battle in a place called Skyfall , which fans of Ian Fleming 's books know as a very personal place for Bond . It 's the final showdown and the final act of tactical cyberespionage in the film . However , would anyone ever really need to create a fake geosignal to make someone like Silva think that they 're actually hiding from them ? Stirring reality : According to Wright you can create a computer network that looks legitimate to someone else but in reality uses its weakness for your own benefit . "  There 's actually a term for this in the computer world called ` Honeypots ' , " he said . "  When we were concerned about the financial sector , there was actually a project called the Honeypot project . It was a deception project where we created what appeared to be a bank front end , a Web-based front end where transactions were taking place . " By doing so , Wright and his team were able to see the latest techniques being used and which vulnerabilities cyberterrorists were willing to exploit . "  We looked at how they went about scanning the system , what tools they used , and what vulnerabilities they went after . " Often , Wright would patch the most obvious vulnerabilities but leave esoteric ones unpatched , allowing hackers to exploit the system as he monitored their behavioral patterns . In the movie , Q explains that if he makes it too easy for Silva to find them , he 'll know something is up . Likewise , if the signal is too hard to find , M could possibly remain in hiding . "  People tend to get comfortable using their own techniques , and they use the same approach over and over again , " Wright explained . "  You can get a profile of an attacker , determine if it was the same group doing something else , and see what methodology they 're using . " Wright said it 's a cat-and-mouse game , and "  the old saying is that government has to be right 100 % , but the bad guy has only got to be lucky once . " In the case of the latest film from the 50-year-old Bond franchise , it 's safe to assume who comes out on top .	A cyberterrorism expert takes on "  Skyfall 's " take on cyberespionage and terrorism He says accessing top secret information is n't as easy as the movie implies Like in the film , transportation remains a soft target , according to the expert
CNN  -- Three aid workers kidnapped in Somalia have been released after nearly two years in captivity . International Aid Services said the kidnappers seized their employees in July 2012 in Puntland , Somalia . "  Extended discussions with the actual kidnappers resulted in the release of the hostages , " the relief agency said in a statement . The three were abducted while traveling in two cars that included three local police officers , who were wounded but not kidnapped during the attack . The three hostages , Janet Kanga , Martin Kioko and Abdinoor Boru , were released Thursday , according to the relief agency . United Nations officials helped transport them to a safe location , where they 'll be held until they 're reunited with their relatives in Kenya . CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	Kidnappers seized them in July 2012 in Puntland , Somalia The three hostages were released Thursday They were later transported to a safe location
LONDON , England  CNN  -- After a six-year hiatus in which many bands have emerged , such as the Arctic Monkeys , Franz Ferdinand and Kaiser Chiefs , copying their blend of melodic , intelligent songs and cheeky blokeishness , Blur return to show them who is best . Blur frontman Damon Albarn still exudes the matey bonhomie that made him one of the best-known British pop stars of the 90s . Much has changed since the mid-1990s when the Essex boys fought Oasis in the hyped Battle of Britpop . Singer Damon Albarn has pursued successful side projects such as Gorillaz and the Chinese opera Monkey , guitarist Graham Coxon went solo after being axed acrimoniously during the troubled recording of the "  Think Tank " album , bassist Alex James makes cheese on his farm while drummer Dave Rowntree plans to stand for the UK parliament at the next election . Happily for fans , the band 's two dominant personalities in Albarn and Coxon are now reconciled and , in the year 's most anticipated reunion along with The Specials ' comeback gigs , Blur on Thursday played the first of two outdoor concerts in London 's Hyde Park . Before a massive crowd and a setting sun , Blur kick off with their first single , a feedback-drenched "  She 's So High " before going straight into "  Girls and Boys , " the disco-inspired anthem to hedonism that propelled them into the big time in 1994 . Albarn exudes matey bonhomie , asking , "  Was that adequate ? " The crowd roars its reply in the affirmative . The good-natured banter continues throughout the concert ; he pays tribute to Hyde Park 's "  lakes , Speaker 's Corner ... other stuff " and more thoughtfully , reminds the crowd that a million people marched there in 2003 in an unsuccessfully effort to prevent the Iraq war . Coxon seems happy just to be back in the band , doing the job he does best . There is a poignant moment when he takes the lead vocals in "  Coffee and TV " while Albarn watches his songwriting partner admiringly . And as with all the greatest concerts , the hits the crowd has paid to hear keep coming : "  There 's No Other Way , " a raucous and bouncy "  Country House " and "  Parklife " on which actor Phil Daniels takes the jokey vocals . The audience responds to all the songs perfectly , even forcing the band into an extended singalong version of "  Tender . " The only disappointment on that song is that the gospel backing singers are drowned out in the mix . As the light fades , a superb light show suits the mood of the songs perfectly . And despite this being a huge concert , there is room for more subtle songs like "  Out of Time , " a nostalgic "  End of the Century " and "  This is a Low . " Blur finish with "  For Tomorrow " and "  The Universal , " ending what , for this reporter , will be remembered as one of the most amazing concerts . What Blur fans hope for now is some new material to match the classics they are evidently so proud of .	Iconic ` Britpop ' band Blur play comeback gig in London after six-year hiatus Guitarist Graham Coxon returns to band after he was axed Gig is most anticipated comeback of year along with The Specials ' reunion
CNN  -- A 23-year-old woman suffocated her son and then buried his body beneath the sand of a playground , police in Albuquerque , New Mexico , said Thursday . Tiffany Toribio , 23 , was arrested and charged with killing her son . Police arrested Tiffany Toribio about 4 a.m. , just hours after they said they wanted to speak to her about her missing 3-year-old son , Ty . Family members had contacted authorities , saying her son matched the description of a boy found Friday at an Albuquerque playground . Police Chief Ray Schultz said she confessed to killing the boy soon after being apprehended . "  She placed her hand over her son 's mouth and nose and suffocated him . She had second thoughts about what she did . She performed CPR on her son , brought him back to life and then decided to go forward with that original act she had started to commit , " Schultz said . Watch Schultz describe the alleged killing " "  What makes this story especially sad is , when asked the reason why she took Ty 's life , Tiffany said that she did not want him to grow up with no one caring about him , the same way that she had grown up where nobody had cared about her . " An emotional Schultz added that Toribio has tried to kill herself since her arrest . She was being held in isolation at a detention facility and kept under observation , he said . He added , "  As you can see , this case has been very emotional for everybody in the department . " Toribio was charged with first-degree murder and an array of other charges , including abuse of a child under 12 that caused death . The discovery of the body at Alvarado Park on Friday shocked the community , which dubbed the boy "  Baby Justice " and "  Baby Angel " as they rallied around his case . Police released a composite image of the boy Tuesday , hoping to garner more leads in the case . They were n't able to release a photo of the boy because his body was so disfigured by the sand 's heat . Schultz said that after killing her son , Toribio dug a hole under gym equipment at the playground , moved the body and buried him in the shallow grave . "  Since that time , she 's been walking the streets of the city of Albuquerque , " he said . The boy was wearing Arizona brand clothing , size 3T : nylon black running pants with red stripes , a red shirt with a monster truck on it and black , gray and lime green Skechers sneakers . Toribio did not comment Thursday morning after her arrest as she was put in a police car . Schultz said there had been no reports of child abuse filed against Toribio . But he said family members indicated that she did not express the typical love of a mother for her child . "  She did not show the normal relationship that you would see with a mother , son , " he said . This week , police had gone to residences where she had lived previously , but she was n't there , Schultz said . Police had gone there after family members expressed concern because "  they did not like the way Ty was being treated , " the police chief said . CNN 's Mallory Simon contributed to this report .	NEW : New Mexico mom , 23 , faces charges including murder NEW : Police say she suffocated son , revived him and then killed him NEW : Mom told cops "  she did not want him to grow up with no one caring about him " The boy was found at playground Friday ; case dubbed "  Baby Justice "
Washington  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton 's midterm schedule -- which until now has been marked just by a handful of closed fundraisers and events -- is about to fill up with commitments to Democrats across the country . Democratic sources familiar with the Clinton campaign plan say the former Secretary of State will help raise money and excitement for a number of vulnerable Democrats in the month before voters go to the polls in November . The states Clinton will campaign are also markedly important states in presidential races -- namely Iowa , New Hampshire and Pennsylvania -- a fact that further raises the specter of Clinton running for president in 2016 . Clinton will headline her first public campaign rally next Thursday , when she travels to Philadelphia to stump for Tom Wolf , Pennsylvania Democratic gubernatorial nominee . The event is focused specifically on women supporting Wolf , a voting bloc that Democratic operatives hope Clinton can help turnout in November . "  Secretary Clinton is the right person at the right time for Democrats who are focused on turning out the vote and persuading undecided voters , particularly women , in the remaining days of the election , " said Guy Cecil , the director of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee . Clinton will also headline events and fundraisers for Democratic senate candidates in Kentucky , Iowa , New Hampshire , Georgia , North Carolina and Colorado , according to a Democratic source . For months Clinton aides have said the former secretary of state will be active in the midterms and these newest additions , which were first reported by Politico , appear to be proof of that . "  Hillary knows firsthand the importance of keeping our majority in the Senate and I could n't be happier that she is helping us turn out the Democratic vote , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said . Clinton is not helping all vulnerable Democrats in 2014 , however . Missing from her list of events are tough Democratic races in Louisiana and Alaska . Former President Bill Clinton is headed to Arkansas this weekend to campaign for Sen. Mark Pryor and other state Democrats . Hillary Clinton , according to Erik Dorey , Pryor 's campaign spokesman , will not attend those events but will host a fundraiser for the senator in New York next week . Clinton will also stump for a number of Democratic gubernatorial hopefuls , according to a source familiar with the planning . While in New Hampshire to stump for Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , Clinton will also headline an event for Gov. Maggie Hassan and the all female ticket in the critical presidential primary state . Clinton 's trip to New Hampshire will be Nov. 2 , a Democratic source in the state tells CNN . A Grimes campaign official said Clinton will be in Kentucky for a series of events in mid-October . Clinton is also set to campaign for Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn next week and will headline an event for Martha Coakley , Massachusetts ' gubernatorial hopeful , before election day . On Thursday , Clinton was in Florida to stump for Charlie Crist . - CNN 's Brianna Keilar and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	Clinton will headline her first public campaign rally next Thursday in Pennsylvania . Clinton will also be spending time in Kentucky , Iowa and New Hampshire . Not on the schedule : Louisiana or Alaska .
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- An archaeological dig in Jerusalem has turned up a 3,700-year-old wall that is the largest and oldest of its kind found in the region , experts say . The wall is built of enormous boulders , confounding archaeologists as to how ancient peoples built it . Standing 8 meters  26 feet  high , the wall of huge cut stones is a marvel to archaeologists . "  To build straight walls up 8 meters ... I do n't know how to do it today without mechanical equipment , " said the excavation 's director , Ronny Reich . "  I do n't think that any engineer today without electrical power -LSB- could -RSB- do it . " Archaeologist Eli Shukron of the Israel Antiquities Authority added , "  You see all the big boulders -- all the boulders are 4 to 5 tons . " The discovered section is 24 meters  79 feet  long . "  However , it is thought the fortification is much longer because it continues west beyond the part that was exposed , " the Israel Antiquities Authority said in a news release . It was found inside the City of David , an archaeological excavation site outside the Old City of East Jerusalem on a slope of the Silwan Valley . The wall is believed to have been built by the Canaanites , an ancient pagan people who the Bible says inhabited Jerusalem and other parts of the Middle East before the advent of monotheism . Watch report on the discovery of the ancient wall " "  This is the most massive wall that has ever been uncovered in the City of David , " Reich and Shukron said in a joint statement about the find . It marks the first time "  that such massive construction that predates the Herodian period has been discovered in Jerusalem . " It appears to be part of a "  protected , well-fortified passage that descends to the spring tower from some sort of fortress that stood at the top of the hill , " according to the joint statement . The spring "  is located in the weakest and most vulnerable place in the area . The construction of a protected passage , even though it involves tremendous effort , is a solution for which there are several parallels in antiquity , albeit from periods that are later than the remains described here . " Such walls were used primarily to defend against marauding desert nomads looking to rob the city , said Reich , a professor at the University of Haifa . "  We are dealing with a gigantic fortification , from the standpoint of the structure 's dimensions , the thickness of its walls and the size of the stones that were incorporated in its construction , " the joint statement said . Water from the spring is used by modern inhabitants of Jerusalem . "  The new discovery shows that the picture regarding Jerusalem 's eastern defenses and the ancient water system in the Middle Bronze Age 2 is still far from clear , " Reich said . "  Despite the fact that so many have excavated on this hill , there is a very good chance that extremely large and well-preserved architectural elements are still hidden in it and waiting to be uncovered . " CNN 's Kevin Flower contributed to this report	Made of boulders weighing 4 to 5 tons , the 3,700-year-old wall is 26 feet high Archaeologist : "  I do n't know how to do it today without mechanical equipment " The wall appears to have been used to defend path that led to spring Wall is believed to have been built by Canaanites
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Green Day canceled the rest of its North American club tour dates for this year and has postponed all January and February shows to give lead singer Billie Joe Armstrong more time to deal with substance abuse issues , the rock band said Monday . "  Obviously the timing for this is n't ideal , but Billie Joe 's well-being is our main concern , " bass player Mike Dirnt said . Armstrong , who sought treatment for substance abuse two days after his expletive-laden meltdown during a show in Las Vegas in September , "  is doing well , " Dirnt said . When the band announced on September 23 that its charismatic frontman would get help for substance abuse , it did not specify the nature of his problems . The 2012 club tour was set to launch on November 26 in Seattle 's Paramount Theatre and end in Tempe , Arizona , on December 10 . The shows , which also included stops in California , Oregon and Nevada , will not be rescheduled . The 21-city tour that was scheduled to start on January 7 in Green Bay , Wisconsin , and conclude on February 8 at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas will be rescheduled , the group 's announcement said . It was in Las Vegas at the MGM Grand that Armstrong 's infamous onstage meltdown happened , during the iHeartRadio Music Festival . Video from the event , captured on YouTube , shows Armstrong cursing profusely after cutting a song short . He then went on a profanity-filled rant , pointing to a sign indicating Green Day had only one minute left in its set , far shorter than he 'd expected . "  You 've got to be ... kidding me , " said Armstrong , noting his longevity on the music scene and disparaging teen pop sensation Justin Bieber , who was not among the festival performers . "  This is a ... joke . " Armstrong then slammed his guitar onto the stage , shredding it , and tossed its remnants into the crowd . He then flashed his middle finger and walked off the stage . The band later issued an apology , telling fans "  that our set was not cut short by Clear Channel and to apologize to those we offended at the iHeartRadio Festival in Las Vegas . " iHeartRadio is a division of Clear Channel Broadcasting . While fans ca n't see Green Day live onstage anytime soon , the group is moving up the release date of the album "  Green Day Tre ! " to December 11 , 2012 , from its original date of January 15 , 2013 . "  We feel bad we have to delay our tour , so to make up for it we want to give our fans the music earlier than we had planned , " drummer Tre Cool said . "  If we could n't be there to play it for you live , the least we could do was give you the next best thing . " Armstrong was rushed to a hospital in Italy in September "  due to illness , " Dirnt said then in a video posted on the band 's website . After forming in 1987 , the veteran punk band broke through in 1994 with the release of "  Dookie , " which sold 15 million copies and earned the band a Grammy for best alternative music performance . Green Day continued to produce hit albums , like "  Insomniac , " "  Nimrod " and "  Warning . " In 2004 , the band took another major step forward with the release of "  American Idiot , " which won a Grammy for best rock album and inspired a "  rock opera " years later by the same name . The rockers have remained relevant in subsequent years , including capturing yet another Grammy in 2009 for the politically charged album "  21st Century Breakdown . " CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	"  Billie Joe 's well-being is our main concern , " bass player Mike Dirnt says Armstrong , who sought treatment in September , "  is doing well , " Dirnt says 2012 club dates are canceled , while next year 's shows are postponed Green Day 's "  Tre ! " album release is moved up to December 11
CNN  Igniting a live man in a cage ; severing the heads of dozens ; kidnapping , raping and selling women and children -- ISIS ' shocking maltreatment of its captives has become regrettably predictable . But that has made their latest decision on the fate of 19 Christian prisoners all the more surprising to some . On Sunday , ISIS released them . Ten other Assyrian Christians are expected to join them in freedom after a short time in captivity . All but one of the Christians released were part of a group of 220 Assyrians captured last week during offensives on northern Syrian villages , said the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . In the shadow of its sadistic mercilessness , the sudden reversal leaves many asking : Why ? The group has not explained its decision . Here are some possible answers . It was not a militant commander but an ISIS Sharia judge , said Osama Edward , who heads the Assyrian Human Rights Network , based in Sweden . Some of Edward 's family members are among the captured Christians . His rights group keeps contact with local people , via phone and Internet , and has a field team in Syria , he said . The Sharia judge asked the Christians if they were part of any militia , Edward said . Then he pronounced them not guilty of violating Sharia law and ordered them released . The Assyrian Christians were all from the village of Tal Goran . They have returned home but are keeping quiet for now . Can Christianity survive in the Middle East ? "  They were so tired , " Edward said . They had a closed meeting with a bishop , and then ate and went home . "  They were treated well , " contacts in Tal Goran passed on to Edward . "  Nobody was tortured . " Not to Graeme Wood , who published a detailed analysis on ISIS ' religious inner workings this week in The Atlantic . He was pleased to hear about it , but he felt it fit into ISIS ' plans . "  ISIS has claimed for a long time to follow rules , and it claims that these Sharia courts will impose limits , " he told CNN . "  They can attempt to get credibility by showing that they follow rules and that they have some kind of transparent process that follows their particular implementation of Sharia law . " It 's possible . It did win them points with Assyrian activists . "  It 's a good sign to show that ` we can talk , ' " Edward said . ISIS has taken heat even from other Islamists who accuse it of rogue justice , especially against Muslim civilians they 've condemned as "  infidels " out of hand . It 's part of the reason al Qaeda has rejected the group , Wood wrote . That reduced some of ISIS ' chances of receiving international moral and financial support , leaving the terror group to make up the gap with other funding . And it has led to a violent split with another jihadi group in Syria , the al-Nusra Front , according to The Washington Institute for Near East Policy . Other Islamist groups in Syria have frowned on ISIS for not submitting to decisions from Sharia courts . The main issue drawing anger from other Islamist groups revolves around Muslim civilians , who are ISIS ' most common victims . And the released captives are Christians . But Christian activist Edward thinks the ISIS Sharia court decision was , in part , a nod to Syrian Sunni Muslim tribal leaders who negotiated for the Christians ' release . First , the tribes care deeply about their Christian neighbors and do n't want them killed , Edward said . It also makes the Sunni tribal leaders look good and gets a rapport started between them and ISIS . ISIS has a very narrow definition of who is a real Muslim and who is an apostate . Foremost , a Muslim must practice Sunni Islam in its eyes . The group is quick to practice "  takfir , " which amounts to the excommunication of a Muslim , for things as seemingly petty as shaving off one 's beard or voting in an election . ISIS is quick to kill anyone it condemns , because it wants to create a fanatically pure caliphate with only the strictest devotees , Wood wrote . ISIS has executed 125 of its own members for doing things that broke with its strict take on Islam , the Syrian Observatory said . Yes . Even in the strictest interpretation of Islam , there is a provision for sparing Christians , Wood wrote . Social media posts indicate that ISIS carries out mass killings regularly , but "  exempted from automatic execution , it appears , are Christians who do not resist their new government . " They are required to pay a special tax and acknowledge the new ruling power . That 's exactly what the judge ruled , Edward said . The released Assyrian Christians agreed to acknowledge ISIS as their new masters and to pay the tax . ISIS is still holding two of Tal Goran 's Christian villagers , Edward said . They should be released as soon as the taxes are paid . He is hoping for the same deal for the other Christian villagers , including for his family . CNN 's Samira Said and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	ISIS released 19 Assyrian Christians on Sunday and plans to release 10 more The sudden reversal has puzzled many
CNN  -- Days after allegedly causing death and devastation at the finish line of the Boston Marathon , two brothers "  spontaneously " decided to head to a new place to unleash terror -- New York City -- that city 's mayor said . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , the surviving suspect in the Boston bombings , told investigators that he and his brother decided to bomb Times Square as they talked the night of April 18 in a Mercedes SUV they 'd just carjacked , New York City Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said . The 19-year-old initially told investigators from a Boston hospital bed that he and his brother , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , had talked about going to New York to "  party . " Then he offered a new account during a second round of questioning Sunday evening into Monday , during which Kelly said Dzhokhar was "  a lot more lucid " than the first time he was interviewed . The brothers had five pipe bombs and a "  pressure-cooker bomb " -- the latter similar to the bombs used in the Boston blasts -- with them in the SUV that they could have used in New York , Kelly said . Instead , their plan "  fell apart " when the SUV ran low on fuel in the Boston area and the Tsarnaevs ordered the driver to pull into a gas station , Kelly said . The driver escaped during the refueling , he said , and police subsequently caught up with the Tsarnaevs -- first in a shootout after which 26-year-old Tamerlan died , then by capturing Dzhokhar on Friday . "  We do n't know that we would have been able to stop the terrorists had they arrived here from Boston , " Mayor Michael Bloomberg said . "  We 're just thankful that we did n't have to find out that answer . " Rep. Mike Rogers , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , said investigators believe the Boston bombing suspects were planning another attack "  likely in the Boston area . " "  The notion they decided to go to New York was a rushed event after this thing unraveled on them , " the Michigan Republican said . Latest developments in the Boston bombings probe There is no evidence that New York City is currently a target of a terror attack stemming from the Boston bombings , Kelly added . Still , he said authorities are investigating two visits that the surviving suspect made to New York City last year . In one of those trips , in April 2012 , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is photographed in Times Square . Official : U.S. wars in Afghanistan , Iraq motivated bombings One person pictured in that picture was in federal custody Thursday , as he 's been for the last six days , on alleged visa violations . This man , whom a federal law enforcement source said Dzhokhar shared a cell phone with , was originally detained last Friday with another person when federal agents swarmed a residence thinking Dzhokhar might be inside , a federal law enforcement source said . Neither of these two detained men -- both foreign exchange students from Kazakhstan at the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth , where Dzhokhar also was enrolled -- has been linked to the Boston Marathon attack . Yet investigators hope they can better piece together the suspected bombers ' movements before and after the marathon . "  These guys are not being cut loose immediately , and there 's a reason why , " the federal law enforcement source said . Sources : Russia raised concerns about mother , son While investigators continue to look into the Boston bombings , the killing of a Massachusetts Institute of Technology campus police officer and a violent chase and shootout in Watertown , Massachusetts -- all of which authorities have blamed on the Tsarnaev brothers -- the probe has also been focused some 5,500 miles away in the semi-autonomous Russian republic of Dagestan . That 's where the suspects ' parents live and spoke to reporters Thursday . Their mother , Zubeidat Tsarnaev , told CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh that she did n't want to accept the reality of the bombing , saying it was fake . She has seen a video pushing the wild idea , she said , adding that there was no blood -- and that paint was used instead . Photos : Galleries from the attack and aftermath "  That 's what I want to know , because everybody 's talking about it -- that this is a show , that 's what I want to know . That 's what I want to understand , " she said . But her disbelief broke down when she spoke of the victims . "  I really feel sorry for all of them . Really feel sorry for all of them , " she said , her voice cracking even as she remained resolute that her sons were not involved . While her husband Anzor Tsarnaev has said he plans to fly to the United States -- though those plans may be in limbo after Zubeidat said she called for an ambulance for him on Thursday in Makhachkala -- his wife is n't planning to join him . She 's wanted on 2012 felony charges of shoplifting and property damage in Massachusetts , according to court officials . The family lived there before she jumped bail ; the parents moved the same year to Dagestan . Dead Boston bomb suspect posted video of jihadist , analysis shows A year before , Zubeidat and her son Tamerlan were both added by U.S. authorities to the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment , or TIDE , database -- a collection of more than a half million names maintained by the National Counterterrorism Center , an intelligence official said . That came as Russia raised concerns to U.S. authorities about her and her son , sources told CNN . Zubeidat Tsarnaev said the FBI had visited her family "  several times " in 2011 with questions about Tamerlan 's "  Islamic interests . " A senior U.S. official with direct knowledge of information from the Russians said that the case then "  was extremely thin , " adding that Russia wanted Tamerlan Tsarnaev questioned to see if he and others had become "  radicalized . " U.S. authorities closed the case a few months after opening it . Suspects ' mother describes her last conversation with her sons Suspect 's widow is assisting investigation , lawyer says Putin : ` We were right ' Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday urged closer cooperation between other countries ' security services in the wake of the Boston attack "  If we combine our efforts , we will not suffer blows like that , " he said during a live televised call-in session in Moscow on Thursday . The Tsarnaevs are originally from the embattled Russian republic of Chechnya but fled from the brutal wars there in the 1990s . The two brothers were born in Kyrgyzstan and moved at different times to the United States . In his first on-camera comments since the bombing , Putin also lashed out against those in the West who have slammed Russia for human rights abuses in its actions toward Chechnya . The truth about the Chechen threat "  Russia is among the first victims , and I hate it when our Western partners call our terrorists -- who committed some heinous crimes in Russia -- when they call them freedom fighters and never call them terrorists . They supported them , " said Putin , accusing unnamed people or groups of providing Russia 's foes with political , financial and "  media " support . And U.S. authorities have come under fire at home , with lawmakers asking if the FBI and CIA failed to share information . Sources told CNN that Russia had separately asked the FBI and the CIA to look into Tamerlan Tsarnaev in 2011 . Sen. Lindsey Graham , a South Carolina Republican , said Thursday he believes "  ultimate blame " for the attacks goes to the Obama administration . "  The FBI and the CIA are , they have great people but , you know , we 're going backwards in national security . Benghazi and Boston to me are examples of us going backward , " he said . But a ranking Democrat on a House intelligence subcommittee said Thursday he does not see an intelligence-sharing failure . "  This information was put in a database , it was shared among different agencies , it was shared with a joint terrorism task force , and that 's exactly what should happen , " U.S. Rep. Adam Schiff , D-California , told CNN , referring to the TIDE database . Sources : Suspect was unarmed in boat More details , meanwhile , continue to emerge about the April 15 bombings as well as authorities ' engagement days later with the two suspects . A law enforcement official told CNN Thursday that at least one of the two bombs -- the second to explode -- was detonated by remote control . Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger , a Maryland Democrat and member of the House Select Committee on Intelligence , said that the brothers used a remote control device similar to those used to guide toy cars . While video taken near the scene of the explosions shows Dzhokhar Tsarnaev talking on a cell phone , it is not known whether he used it to trigger a device , a law enforcement official said . Those twin blasts killed three people and injured more than 260 others , 14 of whom had limbs amputated . As of Thursday evening , 34 of those wounded were still being treated at Boston hospitals , including one patient in critical condition . The manhunt for those responsible ended last Friday , when Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was captured after a tense standoff after he 'd hidden in a boat in the yard of a home in the Boston suburb of Watertown , Massachusetts . The teenager was unarmed when he was wounded in a barrage of gunfire , and there was no firearm found in the boat , said several sources from difference agencies familiar with the investigation . Authorities previously said in a criminal complaint that there was a standoff involving gunfire before Dzhokhar 's capture . Watertown Police Chief Edward Deveau told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Saturday that it was his understanding that the suspect fired from the boat . This came after Tsarnaev and his older brother allegedly shot and killed Massachusetts Institute of Technology campus police officer Sean Collier in Cambridge . The Middlesex County District Attorney 's Office hopes to bring charges against Dzhokhar Tsarnaev for his alleged role in incidents last week in Cambridge and Watertown , spokeswoman Stephanie Guyotte said Thursday . Biden : ` Knock-off jihadis ' ca n't break American spirit Tragedy in Boston : How to help CNN 's Drew Griffin , Dave Alsup , Carol Cratty , Nick Paton Walsh , Brian Todd , Barbara Starr , Susan Candiotti and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	NEW : A congressman says suspects "  likely " planned Boston attacks , then changed plans NEW : Russia voiced concerns to the U.S. about one suspect , his mother , sources say Police : Suspect told investigators he and his brother decided "  spontaneously " to bomb NYC Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 19 , was "  more lucid " the second time he was interviewed , police say
CNN  Two deputies involved in the fatal attempt to arrest Eric Harris in Tulsa , Oklahoma , have been reassigned because of threats against them and their families , Sheriff Stanley Glanz said Monday in a news conference . The deputies were trying to arrest Harris when Reserve Deputy Robert Bates shot him . Unlike Bates , they are not charged with a crime , but have come under criticism for pinning Harris ' head to the ground as he said , "  I 'm losing my breath . " Police appear on video saying , "  F*ck your breath , " apparently in response . Sheriff Stanley Glanz did n't specify the nature of the threats , but said he was "  very concerned " for their safety and that of their families . He did not say what the deputies had been assigned to do . Another sheriff 's official said the office has temporarily suspended operations of the agency 's drug unit pending the review of the April 2 shooting of Harris following a weapons sting . Glanz indicated he has not yet decided how to proceed with a review of their actions , saying any action may be delayed until after the court case involving Bates has been settled . Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in Harris ' death . Bates , who is free on $ 25,000 bond pending trial , shot Harris with his handgun after calling out , "  Taser , Taser , " -- an indication he planned to use a stun gun to subdue Harris following a brief foot chase with the other deputies . Amid questions about his age -- 73 -- training and friendship with Glanz , Bates has said the shooting was accidental , and has apologized to the family . Lawyer releases training records for Tulsa deputy charged in killing On Monday , Glanz also apologized to Harris ' family . "  We are sorry Eric was taken from you , " he said . But he said his office holds itself to the highest national standards of policing , and said Monday that the FBI had cleared the agency of any civil rights violations in the shooting . Bates is white . Harris was black . There have been allegations , first reported by the Tulsa World newspaper , that some of Bates ' training records had been forged , or that he was unqualified to be serving on the force . The sheriff denied those allegations , saying he was certain Bates had qualified on the gun range and had extensive additional training . He said he was unaware of any forgery involving training records , and said he had not issued any training waivers for Bates , with whom he has been friends for more than two decades . But he said he supported prosecutor 's decision to proceed with the case . He also said he had brought in a Dallas police consultant who had previously examined the office 's policies and procedures for another look . Harris ' family has said the shooting reveals "  a deep-seated problem " within the department and has demanded justice , and changes in policy .	Deputies reassigned after threats , sheriff says The two deputies pinned Eric Harris to the ground and one yelled "  F*ck your breath " at him after he was shot
CNN  -- Pixar turned its table lamp on its voice actors for the upcoming films "  The Good Dinosaur " and "  Inside Out " at the Disney fan convention D23 on Friday . Disney animation czar John Lasseter also showed off footage from the films , and revealed that their "  Finding Nemo " sequel -- "  Finding Dory " -- would feature Eugene Levy and Diane Keaton as the parents of Ellen DeGeneres ' forgetful fish , while "  Modern Family " 's Ty Burrell will voice a beluga named Bailey . Ranking the top Pixar movies THE GOOD DINOSAUR Pixar 's 2014 film about a world where dinosaurs never went extinct will feature an Apatosaurus family who work as farmers tilling fields to grow tree crops to feed their herbivore brethren . Poppa and Momma will be voiced by John Lithgow and Frances McDormand , while Bill Hader voices the older brother Forrest . Neil Patrick Harris and Judy Greer will play middle-sibling dinosaurs Cliff and Ivy , and the lead character -- baby brother Arlo -- will be performed by "  Raising Hope " 's Lucas Neff . Pixar showed off the first footage , tracking a humongous potato-like asteroid as it hurdles through deep space on a collision course with Earth 65 million years ago , and ... Misses . A few prehistoric dinosaurs munching on some midnight snacks look up to see a blue bolt shoot across the sky and disappear . Director Bob Peterson  a veteran story artist with the company , and the voice of Dug the Dog from "  Up " and growling Roz from "  Monsters Inc. "  oversees the film with co-director Pete Sohn  who voiced mama 's boy Squishy in "  Monsters University . " "  The modern dinosaurs are farmers , " Sohn said . "  We actually designed them to function as their own farm equipment . " Triceratops are bulldozers , the stegosauruses "  have spiky tails that mow down acres of crops , " and the Apatosaurus uses its long neck and tough bill to plow and plant the fields . While working the field one day , Arlo discovers a large beetle rustling around the ground , but there 's something strange about it . It 's actually a human toddler , in disguise . He 's a grunting , savage little boy named Spot -- who ca n't talk like the dinosaurs around him . "  Spot is all alone in the world , " Sohn said . "  He 's not afraid of anyone -- even a dinosaur 20 times taller than him . " The film explores what happens when dinosaurs , the dominant species on Earth , discovers these strange , clever pests we would call humans . No images were immediately released , but for now we have this piece of concept art -- featuring an evolved , long-necked dinosaur  most likely Arlo  cutting the clouds while running through a mountainside plain . Is there a Pixar conspiracy theory ? INSIDE OUT When Lasseter revealed this project two years ago at the last D23 event , it was called simply "  Pixar 's Untitled Project That Takes You Inside the Mind . " Now it 's known as "  Inside Out , " a comedy from "  Up " director Pete Docter and producer Jonas Rivera -- and D23 finally revealed some plot details for the 2015 movie . The movie zooms in to show the committees of emotions that run the minds of a mother , father , and an 11-year-old daughter going through a rough patch after moving to a new city . Riley , the once happy-go-lucky pre-teen is uprooted from her pleasant life in Minnesota and thrust into a new , unwelcome existence in San Francisco . That 's when the emotions take over , much to the chagrin of her baffled parents . Anger  Lewis Black  , Disgust  Mindy Kaling  , Fear  Bill Hader  , Sadness  "  The Office " 's Phyliss Smith  and Joy  Amy Poehler  spar , collaborate , and miscommunicate with one another in an attempt to keep her functioning . "  We get to take you places everyone has thought about but nobody has seen before . Places like ` long-term memory , ' " said Docter . Other places visited include the Disneyland-esque Imaginationland and "  Abstract Thought , " where emotions become Piccaso-style versions of themselves . There 's also Dream Pictures , a movie studio where dreams are produced and "  The Train of Thought , " which connects all the different worlds and looks like ... well , guess . Pixar 's top 12 movie moments OTHER NEWS TOY STORY OF TERROR : Lasseter played the first 10 minutes of this Halloween-themed Toy Story short that will air on ABC this Oct. 16 . It featured Tom Hanks ' Woody , Tim Allen 's Buzz Lightyear , Joan Cusack 's Jessie the Yodeling Cowgirl , and the rest of the toy-box gang on a road trip with their little-girl owner , ending up spending the night in a roadside motel where some lost toys warn of impending doom , including a GI Joe-type action figure with a missing hand known as "  Combat Carl . " GOOD LUCK CHARM-OFF : Hader , having been announced as a performer in two new projects , took the stage dressed as a sea cucumber in a bid to lobby "  Finding Dory " director Andrew Stanton to include him in the film . He played the slow-moving slug who  rightfully  feared being late for class in "  Monsters University . " He said if he could get into four movies , he could be "  Pixar 's good-luck charm . " The stage was promptly taken over by "  Cheers " star John Ratzenberger -- the actual Pixar good-luck charm -- who voiced 14 characters in each of the Pixar films . "  Never blow your own horn . Let somebody else do it for you , " Ratzenberger advised . Naturally , he was accompanied by a marching band . Contributing : Lindsey Bahr , Amanda Taylor See the original story on EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Pixar announced casting for several upcoming features Eugene Levy , Diane Keaton to be parents in "  Finding Dory " "  Inside Out " features comedians playing different emotions
CNN  -- It 's been largely a season of gloom for Barcelona , but the Spanish champions received a rare ray of light Wednesday following the suspension of the club 's transfer ban . The suspension of the ban -- imposed for breaking rules relating to the "  international transfer of minors " -- allows Barca to potentially overhaul its squad this summer while appealing its punishment . "  The chairman of the FIFA Appeal Committee considered that the appeal lodged by the club is to be granted suspensive effect , " said a FIFA statement , a decision welcomed by Barca on its website . The Catalan side have suffered a miserable time of late -- crashing out of the Champions League , losing the Spanish Copa del Rey final to rivals Real Madrid and losing ground in the race for the Spanish La Liga title . And their hopes of signing sign the likes of a new goalkeeper and center-back -- replacing departing and aging stars alike -- looked to have been scuppered by FIFA ; s decision earlier this month to ban the club from buying players in the next two transfer windows . The April 2 ruling from football 's world governing body came after an investigation found Barcelona had broken regulations regarding the transfer of young players from outside Spain between 2009 and 2013 . Under FIFA laws , clubs are not allowed to sign international players under the age of 18 unless the player is moving within the European Union , is aged between 16 and 18 and moving with their parents or the club and the player both live within 50 kilometers of a shared national border . However , following Barcelona 's decision to lodge an appeal and the threat of taking its case to the Court of Arbitration for Sport , FIFA has given the club something of a reprieve . German goalkeeper Andre Ter Stegen has reportedly been linked with a move to Barca from Borussia Monchengladbach this summer , while highly-rated 17-year-old Alen Halilovic was set to arrive at the Camp Nou from Dinamo Zagreb . Those moves seemed to have been jeopardized by the ban , but the Halilovic deal will now go ahead , while Ter Stegen looks likely to follow given that Victor Valdes has confirmed he will leave the club this summer . There has also been speculation that a new coach could arrive before the start of the next campaign as Gerardo Martino -- appointed last summer -- has failed to completely win over the club 's supporters and could finish the season without a major trophy . Barca 's mixed form as well as the transfer ban are not the only negative stories that have threatened to derail Barca 's season . President Sandro Rosell resigned in January after a judge ordered a hearing to investigate the misappropriation of funds during the signing of Brazil star Neymar in 2013 . The next transfer window is set to open on July 1 .	FIFA suspends transfer ban preventing Barcelona from signing players Transfer ban applied to next two transfer windows Ban put on hold until final decision on Barca 's appeal is taken FIFA had punished the club for breaking rules relating to the "  international transfer of minors "
London , England  CNN  -- The shooting spree by taxi driver Derrick Bird across Cumbria , northern England has brought painful reminders of other mass shootings in the UK . The UK already has some of the toughest gun control laws in the world , introduced in the wake of two infamous UK mass shootings . In 1987 , Michael Ryan , 27 , killed 16 people in the southern English town of Hungerford , Berkshire , as he went on the rampage for several hours armed with a pistol , a hand grenade and an automatic rifle . Among Ryan 's victims were his mother , a policeman who tried to stop him and a woman who was picnicking in a nearby wood with her two children . Ryan , who wore combat fatigues while he carried out the massacre , was eventually tracked down to an unoccupied college building , where he shot himself . The UK government introduced new legislation following the massacre under the Firearms  Amendment  Act of 1988 , making it registration mandatory for owning shotguns and banning semi-automatic and pump-action weapons . Nine years later Thomas Hamilton , a former Scout leader , entered a school gym in the small Scottish town of Dunblane , Scotland . He opened fire on a group of five - and six-year children , killing 16 pupils and their teacher before killing himself . In 1997 legislation banned all pistols in the UK . Additionally after both Hungerford and Dunblane there were firearm amnesties across the UK , resulting in the surrender of thousands of firearms and rounds of ammunition . Anyone wanting to legally own a gun in the UK now has to hold a license . Police interview applicants who must disclose criminal convictions and explain why s/he wants a firearm . Checks are also made with the applicant 's doctor -- sometimes to make sure the doctor does not have concerns about the applicant owning a weapon -- and sometimes independent medical advice can be sought . Calls for gun control in the UK are at their fiercest following mass shootings such as Hungerford , Dunblane and now Cumbria . Did you see anything ? Send us photos , images During the recent UK election , however , gun control barely figured amid the literature of the main political parties . The then Labour government said that : "  Homicides are at the lowest level for a decade -- gun murders are at their lowest for 20 years , and our gun laws are among the toughest in the world . " Meanwhile the Liberal Democrats , now members of the governing coalition , asked that hospitals share information on firearms injuries with police so that they could target appropriate geographical areas . Many holders of gun licenses are often affiliated to rural sports organizations . In a statement on its website the British Association for Shooting and Conservation  BASC  -- which had its origins in the sport of wildfowling -- expressed its "  deep shock " at shootings in Cumbria . Simon Clarke , spokesman for the organization , said it was too early to comment on the shootings in Cumbria but added : "  Britain 's firearms licensing system is amongst the toughest in the world and includes numerous safety and medical checks and balances . "  The UK has a well-worked approach to draw all possible lessons from any such event and we will co-operate fully where our expertise is appropriate . " CNN 's Nick Hunt contributed to this report .	The United Kingdom has some of the toughest control rules in the world Tougher gun controls were introduced after mass shootings in 1987 and 1996 The recent UK election saw little discussion of gun control by political parties
CNN  One military wife recalls staying up all night and deleting every Facebook picture of her children , every post that mentioned them or where they went to school . She Googled herself , trying to figure out how easy it would be to find where the family lived . In the morning , she went to her car and scraped the military decal off the front window . As the spouse of a Special Forces soldier , she 's always tried to be conscious of how much she advertises that she and her three young children are a military family . "  It 's hard because I am so proud of what my husband does , but lately so many spouses that I know are actually scared that they could be targets of ISIS or someone who sympathizes with ISIS , " she said , asking that CNN keep her name out of the story for that reason . This week brought the latest in a string of attacks that members of military families say has spooked them into quietly changing the way they operate online and in real life . The U.S. military 's Central Command Twitter account was hacked . In all caps , this message : "  AMERICAN SOLDIERS , WE ARE COMING . WATCH YOUR BACK . ISIS . " The tweet included a link to a statement that said , in part , "  We wo n't stop ! We know everything about you , your wives and children . U.S. soldiers ! We 're watching you ! " The hacker managed to post other threatening messages , propaganda videos and some military documents until the accounts were disabled . Central Command quickly assured that it was relatively easy to hack Twitter , no serious security details were revealed and it would find who was behind the hack . Army wife Ashley Broadway-Mack said the messages just amplified the anxiety she already feels after recent terror attacks targeting military personnel , law enforcement officers and civilians . She and other family members told CNN this week that they first began to think about the possibility in May 2013 when a uniformed British soldier in London was murdered by two men who shouted "  Allahu akbar , " or "  God is great . " Others started to fear the possibility of their service members or themselves being targeted after the killing of a Canadian soldier during an October attack on the country 's Parliament . Attacks and plots in Australia have them concerned , too , they said . In September , the Australian prime minister said a plot to kidnap a member of the public , behead the victim and then drape him or her in an ISIS flag had been thwarted . In December , a self-styled Muslim cleric held hostages in a Sydney cafe for 17 hours , a drama that ended with the deaths of two hostages . The gunman , who was known for sending hate mail to military families , was killed . The slayings in Paris , for which al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has taken responsibility , have prompted Broadway-Mack to think about security at North Carolina 's Fort Bragg . "  Before the incident in Canada , I honestly did n't think ISIS was a threat to our family or other military families , " she said . "  I worry about the hundreds , thousands of folks going to and from work in uniform . They , too , could be targets . I think of other areas around the country where there 's a large military presence -- an attack , ambush , lone terrorist is something I fear . "  I hate to say it , but I honestly no longer think if , but when and where , " she said . "  I think it 's only a matter of time . " In late November , the FBI issued a warning to U.S. military members that ISIS was calling for attacks against them , a law enforcement source told CNN . The source said that "  overseas based individuals are looking for like-minded individuals in the U.S. to carry out these attacks . " The warning asked members of the military to "  review their online social media presence for any information that might attract the attention of violent extremists . " The bulletin also said authorities were concerned that ISIS members were "  spotting and assessing " individuals in the United States who may be interested in carrying out attacks inside the country against members of the military , a U.S. counterterror official told CNN . Lori Volkman , who is married to a commanding officer , said she knows military members and spouses who have stopped openly carrying their uniforms to their car after a visit to the dry cleaners . Some have stopped wearing clothing with military insignia and are more careful when they open their wallet to avoid showing military IDs or payment cards . The small , simple changes do n't mean military family members are running scared , Volkman said . But it was difficult when her young daughter was watching television this week and saw the news about the Centcom hack and the threat that ISIS was coming for soldiers . "  She turned and looked at me and you could see it registering -- we 're soldiers . She had a very worried look , " Volkman said . "  But kids are comforted by whatever their parents tell them . We ca n't live our lives in fear and we try to reassure them . " A blogger and communications firm CEO , Volkman wonders how she would even begin to scrub her online presence . Angela McCormick Ricketts says she 's thrown her hands up . Her memoir , "  No Man 's War " is a critical success . She 's done a lot of press and is omnipresent online . "  I 'm probably screwed if ISIS starts targeting yappy military spouses , so it 's too late now ! There 's also a part of me that thinks that 's what they want -- to make us always looking over our shoulders . So no . No to all of it , " she said . It 's a matter of principle , she and others said . Why should families bend to fear and stop sharing online when social media has helped many of them get through 14 years of nonstop war ? Though the military has at times struggled with how much freedom its members should have on social media , relatives have wholeheartedly embraced it . Military families appear to use social media at higher rates than civilians , according to data from the Pew Research Center . Social media as we now know it was n't even around when the Afghanistan war began . Facebook launched in 2004 , almost exactly a year after the United States invaded Iraq . Now , dozens of military spouses have blogs and Facebook caters to the community . A 2014 survey by military advocacy group Blue Star Families found that 75 % of 6,200 respondents considered the use of social media to be very important . Beyond using it to get practical information like , say , what 's happening on a base , social platforms opened up a military culture that has historically discouraged displays of emotion . Social media has offered a safe space to reveal trauma and heartache . It 's brought more comfort and less isolation . A spouse in Montana who was gripped by depression during a third deployment can find a spouse in New York who was going through the same thing , and they can help each other in a way that no traditional therapy could . Marine Corps . spouse Liz Snell relies on her new non-profit 's website Military Spouses of Strength to be a conduit to family members who have suffered from depression and the general wrung-out feeling of enduring years of war . Her husband has been deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan five times . "  I see being online as a way to stay honest , to stay healthy , to help , " she said . "  I do n't want that to be hurt because of some threats that are just some dumb hacker . I do n't want to let them win that way . " Amy Bushatz agrees . The Army wife writes the SpouseBuzz column for military.com , which has 10 million members . "  Being a military family is a vulnerable experience , period . If you live in a military town , this is the norm , " she said . "  Is there more cautiousness now ? Sure , but that 's not a bad thing .  There wo n't  be a victory for anyone who thinks they can frighten us . " CNN 's Pamela Brown and Jim Sciutto contributed to this report .	After recent terror attacks and Twitter hack , some military spouses say they 're changing behavior Some are trying to scrub their online presence and change how they advertise they 're military Central Command Twitter account hacked with message : "  American soldiers , we are coming . ISIS "
ALPHARETTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Soft music filled the room as waiters served white wine and hors d'oeuvres . Two dozen well-dressed women chatted in small groups . Mary Johnson , 56 , who lost most of her lashes during chemotherapy , was excited to give Latisse a try . But , this was no ordinary cocktail party . The setting was the lobby of the OH2 Medical Spa in Alpharetta , Georgia . The women were on hand to take part in a new beauty treatment hitting the United States : the promise of better looking eyelashes through a prescription drug called Latisse . "  It 's the latest , the greatest , " exclaimed the party hostess , Christine Glavine , wife of Major League Baseball pitcher Tom Glavine . She invited a group of friends to meet with local plastic surgeon Dr. Randy Rudderman to get a dose of the new FDA-approved medication . Glavine did n't have to do much convincing . Tammie Wilson , 43 , of Roswell , Georgia , said she was motivated to try the product because "  I want to be able to look like I have on makeup when I do n't . " Watch more on the marketing of Latisse " "  I have blond hair and blond lashes . I have to put on three coats of mascara , " complained her friend Jennifer Altmeyer , also 43 and from Roswell . Altmeyer , who is hoping to be able to skip mascara altogether , was the first to line up at Rudderman 's exam room . The drug is available only through a doctor ; it is approved to treat hair loss on the lash line . The product maker , Allergan , says Latisse will thicken , darken and lengthen inadequate or skimpy eyelashes in as little as eight weeks . But , here 's the catch : Doctors report it takes up to 16 weeks to see maximum eyelash growth . If you discontinue Latisse , your lashes will go back to their original state in a few months . Visit CNNhealth.com , your connection for better living Oh , and by the way , the drug is n't cheap . It costs about $ 120 for a 30-day supply . Latisse was discovered almost by accident , Rudderman said . The product contains a compound that is also found in medication that decreases eye pressure in glaucoma patients . "  A significant number of those patients started having a side effect of increased growth of eyelashes , " said Rudderman . Women like Altmeyer are clamoring to give Latisse a try . Rudderman 's assistant first removed Altmeyer 's eye makeup and then applied a drop of Latisse to a small applicator . The wand was then swiped across her top lashes . Rudderman advised Altmeyer to apply the drug once a day before she goes to bed and not to apply Latisse to lower lashes because they come in contact with the medicine on the top lashes during blinks . Rudderman said Latisse comes with several warnings : It is approved only for those over 18 and is not recommended for pregnant women , people with pre-existing eye conditions or those with allergies to the ingredients . Rudderman said some of the most common side effects are itchy and red eyes and hyper-pigmentation , or darkening along the eyelash base . Dr. Pradeep Sinha , a plastic surgeon in Atlanta , Georgia , started working with the glaucoma version of the medication two years ago on an off-label -- or trial -- basis , before it was approved specifically for eyelash thickening . While he said his patients were happy with the results , Sinha noted another unpleasant side effect if the user is not careful while wielding the applicator . "  One patient was messy and grew small , fuzzy hair on her eyelid , " Sinha said . He instructed the woman to stop using the product , and the unwanted hair eventually fell out . Some women , like Mary Johnson , a 56-year-old breast cancer survivor , are willing to take their chances . After undergoing chemotherapy last year she lost a lot of eyelashes . "  That was really devastating for me , " she said . She said she could put a wig on her head , but for the rest of her face she had to "  fake it " by drawing in a lash line and eyebrows with cosmetics . Johnson tried some over-the-counter lash products , but she said none of them worked . She was smiling as she received her first dose of Latisse from Rudderman . "  Until you have lost your eyelashes , you do n't really realize how hard it is to put eye makeup on , " she said . "  When you lose your eyelashes you just do n't look the same . "	Newly FDA-approved Latisse promises to thicken , darken and lengthen lashes Latisse contains compound also found in glaucoma medicine Patients using that medicine had increased eyelash growth Drawbacks include dry and red eyes , darkening around lash line and high price
Atlanta  CNN  -- A small Georgia town may soon require every household to own a firearm -- a law that , if passed , would make it the second town in the state to mandate gun ownership . City council members in Nelson , a town of 1,300 people north of Atlanta , unanimously approved the proposal at a meeting this week . Citizens now have a chance to review the proposal before the council takes it up again in April . "  Basically this is a deterrent ordinance , " Councilman Duane Cronic said at the meeting . "  It 's no more than putting a sign in your front yard saying that ` ADT protects this home . ' Now the person that may be there  checking  your home out to cause harm to you or your family to break into your house has to decide , ` When I break that door down , what 's on the other side of that door ? ' " The law would give every family the right to protect themselves and their property "  without worrying about prosecution for protecting themselves , " Cronic told the meeting . He said the proposal was modeled on a similar law in nearby Kennesaw , Georgia , that has been on the books since 1982 . Nelson Police Chief Heath Mitchell told council members the proposal is a great idea . "  I think y' all are showing the people that you 're in full support of the Constitution , " Mitchell said . "  And as far as the Second Amendment goes , that you stand behind it , you stand behind people 's rights . " The two-paragraph proposal reads , "  In order to provide for the emergency management of the city , and further in order to provide for and protect the safety , security and general welfare of the city and its inhabitants , every head of household residing in the city limits is required to maintain a firearm , together with ammunition therefore . " People with physical or mental disabilities are exempt from the law , as are "  paupers , " felons , and those who oppose gun ownership based on belief or religious doctrine . Complete coverage : The gun debate	Council members in Nelson plan a vote next month Nelson is a town of 1,300 people north of Atlanta It would be a "  deterrent ordinance , " one council member says The town police chief supports the measure
CNN  -- In the wake of this month 's Senate report graphically detailing acts of torture by the CIA at Guantanamo Bay and elsewhere , the American Psychological Association announced it is actively investigating collusion of its members with the torture program at Guantanamo . Meanwhile , a decision last week by my own professional association , the American Institute of Architects , or AIA , suggests that impunity for all may be the order of the day . Despite years of advocacy and formal requests , the AIA -- which claims as its members a majority of the roughly 110,000 architects in the United States -- has officially declined to add specific language to its code of ethics that would prohibit the design of torture chambers in U.S. prisons and around the world . In doing so , it cites anti-trust concerns and the potential difficulty of enforcing the prohibition , but it ignores the claims of human rights . To be sure , the AIA 's ethics code contains aspirational language that broadly states , "  Members should uphold human rights in all their professional endeavors . " Contrast that , for example , with the code of the American Medical Association or the World Medical Association Tokyo Declaration on Torture , which reads , "  The physician shall not provide any premises , instruments , substances , or knowledge to facilitate the practice of torture . " That leaves providing the premises for torture up to us architects , and as far as the AIA is concerned , we are open for business . Yes , the prisons at Guantanamo had architects . The design of Camp 6 was based on the Lenawee County , Michigan , jail , according to its architect . Other camps were built with prefabricated steel prison cells , a popular jail-building technology that may well have been used to construct the CIA 's "  black site " prisons overseas . The only apparent justification for the additional expense and complexity of building on such remote sites with no access to local labor or building materials was that these were places where the legal system could not interfere with indefinite detention and "  enhanced interrogation techniques . " The AIA 's decision not to prohibit design for torture is not just about a handful of egregious projects , however , despite the horrific and planned-for consequences for some of the occupants taken to those buildings . It 's also about the design of spaces in more conventional prisons intended for prolonged solitary confinement : a practice roundly regarded as a form of torture by Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch and the U.N. Special Rapporteur on Torture . These organizations are but some of the human rights advocates that wrote letters urging the AIA to enact a prohibition . Here in the United States , about 20,000 people are held in solitary confinement in one of 45 or so specially designed "  supermax " prisons , and some 60,000 more are held in "  segregation wings " and "  security housing units " in state prisons and "  the hole " in county jails . While architects can not be held responsible for unintended uses of the spaces they design , the intention of most of these spaces is clear from the get-go . The use of remote-controlled doors , individualized cellular "  recreation yards " and solid cell fronts with special pass-through slots are all architectural features that enable and deepen isolation , leading inexorably to psychological pain . Half of all prison suicides happen to the approximately 4 % of people in solitary confinement . Architecture facilitates this suffering and these deaths . In the face of the Senate 's torture report , citizens can by and large only watch the different branches of government contest what happened . But just as all Americans are stained and put at risk by our country 's reputation for torture , all of us have opportunities within the multiple roles we play in life to reject torture and enact accountability . As citizens , it is our responsibility to vote out torturers and to demand prosecutions of perpetrators so that torture will never happen again . Likewise , all licensed professionals have a responsibility to protect the health , safety and welfare of the public . And , for me and my fellow architects , we must further protect our values by changing building codes and industry standards as new challenges emerge  often after a major building disaster  . The unwillingness of American 's leading architectural association to prohibit the design of torture facilities is a shocking , shameful and deeply troubling statement . It refuses to place any limit on the potential role of design in human rights violations , even the most egregious . Accountability begins at home . Unless and until the AIA revisits the issue , American architects are represented by a professional association whose ethical boundaries include the facilitation of torture . So , back to business : How far apart should those ceiling shackles be ? What dimensions did you want for that waterboard ? And of course I think it all looks best in black . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Raphael Sperry : AIA declined specific prohibition on architects designing torture chambers He says group chose not to follow organizations like the AMA in banning involvement Professionals have responsibility to protect health , safety , welfare , Sperry says
Swat , Pakistan  CNN  -- In a message of defiance to the Taliban , authorities in Swat have decided to rename a government college after Malala Yousafzai , the 15-year-old girl who was shot in the head after demanding education for girls . The college offers high school and undergraduate education for 2,000 girls and young women . The female students here were reluctant to appear on camera -- afraid they , too , may be targeted . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the October 9 shooting , which left Malala wounded . The students told CNN they were also afraid to attend the school , but were doing so anyway -- inspired by Malala and their right to seek an education . Malala 's parents overjoyed after first visit in UK hospital "  I myself think that education is important because women have no right in this society so , due to education , they can get their right in this Pakhtun society especially , " said Gulalai , an 18-year-old undergraduate student studying statistics and economics . "  I think she 's a very brave girl , " said Mehreen , 17 , who is studying chemistry , botany and zoology . "  She sacrificed her life for us , for education , that girls should take education for their bright future . For women it 's very important in this society . " They are attending the Swat Valley 's first degree college to be named after a woman . "  We always want to send a message across the world , that here we want to develop the female gender and we also want females to come forward in society , " said Kamran Rehman Khan , a local government official . Asked if he was trying to send a message to the Taliban , too , he said , "  Yes for sure ... We just want to tell them we will not be deterred by their actions . " Arrests made in shooting of Pakistani schoolgirl Malala The young women here are studying subjects as varied as English literature and economics to botany and zoology . They talk of becoming psychologists , lawyers , doctors and scientists . "  When you educate a girl , you educate the whole family , the whole race , " said Talat Qamar , the school 's principal . He vowed to continue offering girls and women an education , though he said he needs help . "  I think that we should be more secure , " he said . "  I have asked the local government officers and the local police chief to provide me with more security . " Such determination and resistance were also visible among residents on the streets of Swat -- men and women who said they too will fight for females ' right to education . "  Getting an education is like bringing in the light , being uneducated is complete darkness , you 're like a blind man , " said one . "  I have four daughters , " said another . "  And yes , they all study . " Yet another resident summed it up this way : "  Both girls and boys need to be educated ; without an education , girls and boys are nothing . " Yousafzai , who is undergoing treatment in a British hospital , was reunited Thursday with her parents . Malala has been thinking about school even while she lies in her hospital bed , Pakistan Interior Minister Rehman Malik told reporters after meeting with her family . Opinion : Why Malala should not be turned into modern Joan of Arc	Malala Yousafzai was shot in the head for speaking out "  She sacrificed her life for us , for education , " says an admirer "  Without an education , girls and boys are nothing , " says another Taliban claimed responsibility for shooting Malala , who remains hospitalized
CNN  -- Facebook 's latest defense of the mental distraction it creates for its users ? It 's not a bug , it 's a feature ! At least that 's the meaning I take from a Web commercial for the new smartphone start screen , Facebook Home , in which founder Mark Zuckerberg 's announcement of the portal 's launch is disrupted and interrupted by a host of Facebook updates . "  After all your hard work , " he says to a group of employees in their work space , "  Facebook Home is ready to ship . " But as he continues , one employee glances down distractedly at his phone and begins thumbing through his , new , supercharged Facebook Home device . Zuckerberg 's voice fades as a "  screaming goat " appears on a desk and bleats loudly . A friend leaps out of nowhere , racquet in hand , saying , "  Dude , forget work -- come play ! " Eventually , the whole office is a race track and then even a pool party that only the one , distracted employee can see and hear . Of course , the employee has missed the whole announcement . When it 's over and Zuckerberg asks for his response , he glibly replies , "  You know it , Mark . " Zuckerberg has no idea he 's been ignored . By casting himself as the butt of the joke , it 's as if Zuckerberg seeks to inoculate himself from critique . Ca n't we all just lighten up ? Everyone knows that this stuff is distracting . We have all pretended to be listening to someone on the phone or in real life while actually checking e-mail . At least Facebook is aware of it , and -- if the commercial is to be believed -- the distractions it offers are pretty darned engaging . Yes , you can be with your friends and at work at the same time . Except you ca n't . The ad is an apt , if sanguine , depiction of what I 've been calling "  present shock , " the human incapacity to respond to everything happening all at once . In a rapid-fire , highly commercial digital environment , this sense of an overwhelming "  now " reaches new heights . Unlike computer chips , human beings can only process one thing at a time . Whatever succeeds in attracting our attention only wins it at the expense of something else . Joke as we might like about it , our efficiency , our accuracy , our memory and our depth of understanding go down when we try to multitask . Yet Facebook collapses time in more ways than that . Consider how people from your distant past , as far back as , say , second grade , can show up right in your Facebook present , asking to be "  friends . " If you click yes , they will show up right alongside and indistinguishable from your current friends . The distance once afforded by decades of time vanishes in the Facebook universe , as everything old is now again . But wait , there 's more . It 's not just the past that comes careering into the present on Facebook , but the future . Facebook is just the front end -- the consumer interface -- of a big data engine . Facebook and its affiliates are busy churning the data generated from every keystroke to figure out who of us is likely to go on a diet , get pregnant , change political affiliation , question our sexuality and more . All so advertisers can act on our probable future behaviors by targeting marketing messages to us today . Facebook brings us both friends from our past and advertisements from our future , all competing to distance us from the boring but emotionally grounded present . And this temporally compressed digital landscape is supposed to be our new "  home . " Meanwhile , as if to prove that humans really can exist in more than one place at the same time , our Facebook profiles continue to carry on our online lives for us even when we 're not logged on . An advertising feature called Sponsored Stories inserts our names and pictures into advertisements , so that we may endorse products tangentially associated with people or things we may have once "  liked . " To our friends , it looks like we 're adding a live update , while in reality , we 're sleeping , eating or even tweeting elsewhere . This is the disorientation produced by present shock . I call it digiphrenia , the experience of trying to exist in more than one incarnation of yourself at the same time . Of course , now that we 're in on the joke , we 're supposed to realize that coming back online to discover one of our other selves has been hawking a coffee bar we 've never even visited is n't a violation : It 's sort of funny . Just take it in stride , like Zuckerberg does . In the end , however , the joke may really be on Zuckerberg after all . Young people , teens in particular , are drifting away from Facebook for less overwhelming social applications such as the 140-character Twitter and the intentionally temporary photo service Snapchat . And when I looked up Facebook Home online to try to find out just what it was , the first search results that came up were from users sharing how to disable it . This way , consumers can buy the discounted phones on which Facebook Home ships , and turn them back into a regular Android smartphones , where Facebook is just another app we can use in our own good time . Ha . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Doug Rushkoff : New Facebook app allows you to be disoriented even more by message flow Zuckerberg butt of joke in ad for new app with employee ignoring him for Facebook updates Facebook is the eternal "  now , " he says , with future , present coalescing in bogus reality He says Facebook is really a big data collection agency , and it 's losing supporters and users
CNN  -- Election Day demolished the notion that New York state , which tends to vote Democratic in presidential elections , is a bastion of the brand of progressive politics embodied by Andrew Cuomo 's sometime-rival , the high-profile mayor of New York City , Bill de Blasio . Andrew Cuomo , New York 's governor , won re-election with 53 % of the vote on the same day gubernatorial candidates were getting trounced in Democratic strongholds , including Massachusetts , Illinois and Maryland , which is a solid victory he can brag about . In fact , his victory sets the stage for what Cuomo 's aides have quietly hinted could be the prelude to a run for president . But at the same time , New York Republicans flexed political muscles -- and Democrats engaged in destructive infighting -- in a way that suggests the Empire State , which might seem solid Democratic blue on the outside , has deep streaks of Republican red on the inside . Even as Cuomo and his Democratic ticket mates for lieutenant governor , attorney general and state comptroller were racking up wins , the GOP flipped three congressional seats from Democratic to Republican -- nearly a quarter of the estimated 14 to 18 seats Republicans added to their House majority nationwide -- and unexpectedly came so close to ousting Rep. Louise Slaughter , a 14-term Democrat , that the race remains too close to call . Equally important , Republicans deposed enough state legislators to take firm control of the New York Senate . That will make it hard , if not impossible , for de Blasio to win an increase in the minimum wage , college scholarships for undocumented immigrants , legal limits on rent increases , equal-pay legislation and other state-controlled policies loudly championed by the New York City mayor and his allies among labor leaders and community activists . Cuomo , a centrist in many respects , shows no signs of objecting to this state of affairs . Although the governor pushed through New York 's same-sex marriage law and a tough gun-control measure , he remains a fiscal conservative dedicated to tax cuts and limited government spending . That has n't sat well with progressives , such as de Blasio 's allies . Earlier this year , Cuomo fended off a challenge from the left wing of the Democratic Party when an upstart law professor , Zephyr Teachout , came from nowhere to win 30 of New York 's 62 counties . Cuomo ignored Teachout , going to sometimes comical lengths to avoid debating her , speaking her name or shaking her hand . The governor also went on to publicly disparage and weaken the influence of the Working Families Party , the political organization that recruited Teachout . And in a masterpiece of political payback , Cuomo created a new ballot line , the Women 's Equality Party , that siphoned off votes from the Working Families group and clearly gave Republicans a chance to take advantage of Democratic infighting . "  Governor Cuomo promised to take back the State Senate . Instead , he squandered millions on a fake party , and left millions more in his campaign account as New York Democrats in the legislature and in Congress withered on the vine , " said Bill Lipton , the executive director of Working Families , in a blistering statement hours after election results became clear . Cuomo will now face a tough legislative session , with angry liberals clamoring for an agenda that the Republican-dominated state Senate will likely stall or block altogether . Cuomo will also be pressed by progressives who believe that de Blasio 's management of New York City represents a national turning point . In an article titled "  The Zeitgeist Tracked Down Bill de Blasio , " one of the mayor 's labor allies claimed that New York City progressive politics were in tune with the spirit of the age  the zeitgeist  , and that "  shifting demographics and the social liberalism of young people portend a long period of Democratic dominance in national politics . " The midterm elections results suggest that judgment may be premature . As Cuomo , the victorious centrist , has been saying all along .	Errol Louis : Election upended idea NY is bastion of de Blasio-like progressive politics Cuomo , Democrat with presidential sights , re-elected , but GOP took 3 House seats He says GOP tightened grip on state Senate ; progressive initiatives will have trouble Louis : Cuomo the centrist fended off fight from left but faces tough legislative session
CNN  -- Facebook may be working on an app that will let your friends , or even complete strangers , know where you are at all times . If that sounds unpleasant , even creepy , you 're not alone . But it sounds an awful lot like a small but growing mobile sector in which users knowingly sacrifice some privacy in exchange for "  social discovery . " And , as Facebook works to make money off its constantly growing list of mobile users , such a feature raises questions about how the company will use the personal info it would collect . On Tuesday , Bloomberg reported that Facebook is developing a smartphone app that would track the location of users . The app would run in the background of smartphones even when not opened and is designed to help users find nearby friends , according to one of two unnamed sources cited in the article . A Facebook spokeswoman told CNN that the company has no comment about the report . Social discovery , or stalking ? Some observers have expected such a move by Facebook since last year when the social networking giant bought Glancee , a mobile app designed to help users find nearby friends . That 's similar to a handful of other mobile apps , such as Highlight , Banjo and Sonar . These services seem pitched mostly to a young , outgoing user base seeking existing or new pals for drinks , dancing , sipping coffee or sexual hookups . But , when applied to Facebook 's purported 1 billion-strong membership , which includes everyone from teens to grandparents , it gives some privacy advocates pause . "  We 've already seen some of the mishaps that can occur when location is used in unexpected ways , " said Jules Polonetsky , director of the Future of Privacy Forum , a Washington-based think tank . "  I think the challenge is that aggregating by location clearly might provide some really useful information . But there are a whole lot of social norms that can be stressed , by even public information . " Polonetsky cited Girls Around Me , an app that rounded up check-ins by women on Foursquare and Facebook to let users , presumably guys on the prowl , know which bars , clubs or other spots currently had lots of women in them . Girls Around Me raised concerns about stalking and eventually got booted from Apple 's App Store . "  It did n't clearly violate any of the specific rules that the App Store lays out , other than extreme creepiness , " Polonetsky said . "  But creepy is sometimes in the eye of the beholder . One person 's creepy is another tech enthusiast 's tool . " The key , he said , would be whether Facebook clearly sets out guidelines for how such an app would be used . He said members should be allowed to opt in to the service , not automatically be enrolled in it unless they opt out . "  You do n't want people ever sharing information without knowing , and I do n't think Facebook is going to be in a position to do that , " he said . The future of social sharing Heralded briefly as the next wave of social sharing , a handful of these location-based "  social discovery " apps launched last year amid some degree of hoopla . But a year later , none have gained much traction among mainstream audiences in the way Twitter , Foursquare and some other apps did before them . Paul Davison , CEO of discovery app Highlight , acknowledges it 's been a slow burn for a service such as his . A year after launching , Highlight still wo n't release how many active users it has  though he said membership has tripled in six months  . Privacy concerns , he said , are part of the challenge . "  That 's not surprising , " Davison said . "  I think that any time a technology comes out that allows us to share in a way we have n't been able to share before , you see this really familiar pattern . "  Most of us look at it and think , ` That 's weird . That 's creepy and I do n't like it . ' What you normally see is a subset of people saying ` That is kind of crazy , but I 'll try it out . ' And they see it 's pretty rewarding and fun . " Davison considers apps such as his no less than the future of social sharing . "  If you look at what 's happened on the Web over the last 5 to 10 years with Facebook and other services , we love to share , " he said . "  We love to talk about ourselves ... and we 're obsessed with learning about other people . " But for some , he said , the real world can be like "  some bizarre social network where every profile is a single photo . " On Highlight and similar apps , profiles are meant to let users know if someone around them shares their interests and might be a fun person to meet . "  It 's a big change in how the world works , " he said . "  It 's hard for me to think of a bigger shift in how the world works , but it 's not going to happen overnight . " How Facebook might use app Facebook-owned Glancee was somewhat more limited , pinging users when people already in their other social networks , such as Facebook , Twitter or LinkedIn , are around . But for the folks from Mark Zuckerberg 's company , such an app could have another payoff . Literally . It would provide Facebook with reams of new data about not just where its users frequently go , but where they are right now . Facebook said it does n't sell its data to advertisers . But it definitely leverages the data to help those advertisers target potential customers . It 's not hard to envision ads showing up letting users know that there 's a 2-for-1 drink special right around the corner , or that the restaurant next door has the best burger in town . "  They need to make money on mobile , and that 's what they 've been pushing for since the IPO , " said Justin Lafferty , co-editor of AllFacebook , an unofficial Facebook blog . "  They 're trying to build the technology first , then maybe find out how to build ads into it , too . " Lafferty , who wrote about this week 's Bloomberg report , said Facebook could launch a social discovery app separate from its main mobile app -- at least at first . "  That 's sort of how Facebook usually works , " he said . "  They 'll test features , then they 'll implement them all in the native app . " How will users react to such an app , were Facebook to launch one ? Privacy advocate Polonetsky said that remains to be seen . "  The reality is that , for most people , even if things are broadcast to all their friends and the public , they still have some expectation about the way that it 's used , " he said . "  I totally get that my neighbor knows when I come and go and may even say , ` We have n't seen you in a while -- is everything OK ? ' "  But if someone else seemed to know about my comings and goings and offered me a product or service based on it ? I do n't know . "	Facebook is working on app that tracks users ' locations , a report says Such "  social discovery " apps seek to help you meet friends -- old or new Privacy has been a concern that slowed growth of such apps Facebook also could use the reams of data to target advertising
LONDON , England  CNN  -- If your neighbor mentions their green roof you might think they have a moss problem . Maybe they are simply referring to the color . But you 're unlikely to think that they have just had a mini ecosystem installed . Majora Carter says green roofs can help alleviate the problems caused by storm water Simply put , green roofs are gardens on your roof . They come in all shapes and sizes and range from a simple layer of turf to bite-sized hanging gardens of Babylon . But green roofs are not just aesthetic . They have important environmental benefits : they absorb storm water , reduce noise pollution , absorb heat  thus lessening the urban heat-island effect  and add an extra layer of insulation to buildings . That 's why they are increasingly being used on new builds as the construction industry looks to make use of greener technologies . . The concept of a green roof goes back centuries : The turf roofed dwellings of the Vikings are early examples , but the modern green roof we know today was developed in Germany 50 years ago . Since then , they have become increasingly popular , yet the industry still struggles against skeptics , who believe green roofs to be expensive and liable to leaking . The exception to the rule has been Germany , where the industry is now annually worth $ 77 million . Even by the end of the 1990s , 50 million square meters of German roofs , the equivalent of 10 percent of flat roofs , were recorded to be green . The industry is not faring so well in other parts of the world . While the UK has seen a steady increase in interest since the 1960s , a lack of input from the industry and policy-makers has left Britain far behind Germany 's booming market . In North America , green roofs have taken even longer to catch on . Green Roofs for Healthy Cities , a Canadian non-profit industry association , conducted a survey in 2005 which indicated that only 233,000 square meters of green roofs existed in North America . But this was up 80 percent from the previous year , and the market continues to grow . Majora Carter , who set up Sustainable South Bronx to help lift the area out of poverty by creating green-collar jobs , is frustrated by this difference between the European and American industries . "  In Germany they are down to $ 20 per square meter , which is way cheaper than a regular roof here , " she told CNN . "  There are mandates over there because of the storm water they retain , " she continued , "  Which is a huge drain on their resources , as it is on ours . What we are trying to do is champion the policies behind storm water . " Storm water is a growing problem in cities . The lack of permeable surfaces are loading drainage systems and increasing the risk of flooding . It 's green roofs ' ability to retain high levels of precipitation that are seen as way to control and slow the water run-off . The mandates Carter refers to are part of Germany 's Green Area and Biotope Area Federal Law . They are not a legal requirement , but through incentives set up at a city level , the mandates have helped to encourage cheaper prices . Dusty Gedge , co-founder of Livingroof.org , a UK Web site promoting the green roof industry , believes it is the government 's responsibility to help the industry grow . "  We need government bodies to accept certain civil engineering benefits , such as storm water amelioration , like the Germans , Austrians and Swiss do , " he told CNN . "  This will encourage uptake . " In many countries , the green roof industry is vulnerable to non-acceptance and a lack of understanding . Gedge says , "  There are problems with the construction industry viewing vegetation as a problem and not a benefit . " Green roofs also struggle against better-known technologies such as solar panels , but Gedge points out , "  Solar panels can work better on green roofs than on gray roofs . " Despite this lack of support , the green roof industry is growing . In London alone , there are approximately 1 million square meters of green roofs planned , with about 200,000 square meters already installed . And as climate change stays in the headlines , the popularity of green roofs is growing . According to Gedge , "  Over the last eight years , green roofs -LSB- in the UK -RSB- have gone from being a very marginal approach to a mainstream approach . Cities such as London and Sheffield are now asking for them as part of planning applications . " But Gedge also believes that support from local government , as opposed to a centrally driven policy , is key to the industry 's growth . "  In Switzerland , green roofs are federal law , but again this is interpreted at a cantonal and city level , " he told CNN . "  This is a much better approach than driven by the center . " Managing the industry through federal laws offers a general framework which can then be interpreted as needed . In an industry that varies from project to project , this flexibility is a valuable asset . So the green roof industry continues to grow -- but there 's a feeling that government support could be better . With a little more encouragement , what once was an eccentric way to roof your home could soon become the universal standard , turning our cities into lush , green metropolises . But then , it 's not easy being green . ... . Would you put a green roof on your home ? Do green roofs really help the environment -- or are they an expensive indulgence ? Share your views in the Sound Off box below .	Green roofs date back to before the time of the Vikings Not just aesthetic , they help fight against climate change , especially in cities Germany 's green roof market is the biggest , making up 10 percent of all flat roofs Supporters say government support is need to spur growth elsewhere
CNN  -- The chief prosecutor for the International Criminal Court said in a report Wednesday there are "  reasonable grounds to believe that crimes against humanity have been committed and continue being committed in Libya . " The report highlighted the alleged commission of rape by Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's government , as well as the deportation or forcible transfer of citizens during the civil war that continues to rage in that country . It also noted war crimes , including intentionally directing attacks against civilians not participating in the fighting . ICC Prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo issued a statement saying he will soon request arrest warrants against three individuals who are "  most responsible for the crimes committed . " The individuals were not named . "  It is indeed a characteristic of the situation in Libya that massive crimes are reportedly committed upon instruction of a few persons who control the organizations that execute the orders , " the report said . "  Arresting those who ordered the commission of crimes , should the judges decide to issue warrants , will contribute to the protection of civilians in Libya . " In March , shortly after the International Criminal Court was asked to investigate the issue , a court spokeswoman said Gadhafi would probably face serious charges . But the prosecutor did not name the people against whom he had evidence . "  Even today , people in Tripoli are arrested illegally , tortured and they disappear , " Moreno-Ocampo told CNN . "  We have evidence of that and we will show it to the judges . " It is not clear if he plans to file charges against anyone on the rebel side , though the report mentioned "  alleged war crimes as well as other crimes against humanity " appear to have been committed by "  different parties . " He warned when he opened the probe two months ago that the rebels are subject to international law just as Gadhafi 's forces are . "  Now , there are people opposing Gadhafi with weapons . And also we would like to warn them , you can not commit crimes . Our business in Libya is  to  stop the crimes , " he told CNN in March . Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , said the specter of ICC prosecution "  should warn those around Gadhafi about the perils of continuing to tie their fate to his . " "  Gadhafi has lost any and all legitimacy to lead Libya , " she said , remarking on "  widespread and systematic attacks " against civilians by government forces . Her comments were later echoed by the acting deputy spokesman for the U.S. State Department , Mark Toner , who called on Gadhafi to cease hostilities and to "  allow the International Organization for Migration and other organizations to provide much needed relief and evacuation services to civilians caught up in the Libyan conflict . " He said the United States is making available an additional $ 6.5 million for the migration organization 's operations in Libya . That means the United States now is shelling out a total of $ 53.5 million in emergency assistance "  to meet the humanitarian needs of conflict victims , vulnerable migrants , and others displaced by the civil unrest in Libya , " he said . But the Russian ambassador to the United Nations said Russia is "  deeply alarmed by the growing number of civilian causalities and the destruction of civilian facilities as a result of the actions by opposing Libyan parties . " "  Unfortunately it must be noted that actions by NATO-led coalition forces also lead to civilian causalities , " said Ambassador Vitaly Churkin . "  This took place in particular during recent bombings in Tripoli . " He warned against exceeding the mandate established by U.N. Security Council resolution 1973 , which allows military action in Libya to protect civilians . "  Any disproportionate use of force is unacceptable , " he said . This is the first time the International Criminal Court has begun investigating possible crimes against humanity as they were occurring in wartime , Moreno-Ocampo said . Social networking websites such as Facebook were part of the reason that was possible , he said . "  This triggered a very quick reaction . The  United Nations  Security Council reacted in a few days , the U.N. General Assembly reacted in a few days . So , now because the Court is up and running we can do this immediately , " he said . "  I think Libya is a new world , " he added . "  How we manage the new challenge , that 's what we will see now . " The United Kingdom used Wednesday 's meeting to support investigations in Libya , while also using the forum to urge Syria not to attack protesting civilians . "  The deteriorating situation in Syria is of increasing concern in this regard , " said Ambassador Mark Lyall Grant . "  The violent repression there must stop immediately . " Meanwhile , Gadhafi 's forces once again shelled Misrata 's port on Wednesday , leaving five people dead and dozens injured , a rebel spokesman told CNN . The shelling started around 1 p.m. "  This is the only terminal we have for the city and for humanitarian vessels to come in and take foreigners out , " rebel spokesman Ahmed Hassan said . A few ambulances and private cars arrived on the scene to take the casualties away after the shelling stopped . The International Organization for Migration told CNN that it had one chartered vessel that entered Misrata 's port early Wednesday morning . Contact was made with the ship 's captain , and no one was injured on the boat . Some 840 migrants have boarded the boat , and more were being placed on board , the IOM said . The vessel , which had brought 180 tons of humanitarian aid to Misrata , was expected to depart in the afternoon . As the bloody battles in the North African country dragged into their fourth month , a U.N. official said the Libyan government and opposition members were trying to find a way for a cease-fire . Abdul Ilah al-Khatib , the U.N. 's special envoy to Libya , said both sides had told him that they were ready for a cease-fire . The only problem was that they disagreed on what conditions would be needed to lay down arms , the envoy said . The Libyan government wants an end to NATO aerial attacks ; the opposition wants Gadhafi to step down and will not negotiate with him or any of his family members , al-Khatib said . "  A real and credible cease-fire must be agreed upon to suspend aggressive actions and killing of innocent civilians , including women and children , " al-Khatib told the U.N. Security Council on Tuesday . "  A cease-fire must be declared either formally , or -- in a first step -- as part of an informal understanding between the opposing forces in Libya . " NATO began bombing Libya on March 19 , after the U.N. Security Council approved a resolution authorizing any means necessary , short of invasion , to protect civilians demanding the end of Gadhafi 's nearly 42-year rule . This weekend , Libyan authorities said one of Gadhafi 's sons and three of his grandchildren were killed by a NATO airstrike . This prompted an increase in pro-Gadhafi forces ' attacks in rebel-held cities and also in the beleaguered western port city of Misrata , witnesses said . An explosion rocked Benghazi Tuesday , the eastern city that is controlled by rebel fighters . The blast damaged several cars in Benghazi 's main square and a rebel spokesman blamed it on Gadhafi supporters who were somehow able to infiltrate the rebel-held city . CNN could not independently confirm that report . The continued fighting has sent people fleeing . More than 8,000 people -- most of them women and children -- fled into Tunisia over the weekend to escape the fighting between Libyan government troops and opposition forces , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said Tuesday Nearly 40,000 Libyans have fled the country 's western mountainous region in the past month as pro-Gadhafi and opposition forces have fought for control of the border crossing point , according to the U.N. CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat and Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.S. is making available an additional $ 6.5 million for emergency assistance An International Criminal Court report cites "  reasonable grounds " Arrests "  will contribute to the protection of civilians in Libya , " it says The U.S. ambassador to the U.N. warns those around Gadhafi of tying their fate to his
Newtown , Connecticut  CNN  -- Nancy Lanza was raising a quiet , socially awkward young man , the kind of teenager who , a former classmate recalled , would just go stand in the corner . Lanza herself seemed nothing like her boy . She was affable and outgoing , and easily made friends . Sure , she liked guns , say people who knew her . But she was responsible with them . She knew how to handle the weapons she collected . How Adam Lanza apparently got hold of at least a few of them to commit a massacre in an elementary school is still unclear . Authorities believe he killed his mother as she slept in her bed . She was shot four times in the head , Connecticut Chief Medical Examiner H. Wayne Carver said Tuesday . Then , authorities say , Adam Lanza went to Sandy Hook Elementary -- which he 'd once attended -- and killed 20 children and six adults . Then , he used a handgun to kill himself with a shot to the front of the head , Carver said . Friend , classmate describe family A friend of Nancy Lanza , who had done contracting work for her , was last in the home eight months ago and remembers seeing a lock box in the basement where Lanza kept her guns . He describes her as a country girl from New Hampshire who grew up shooting . The two of them bonded , partly because both had family members with autism , the friend said . He also said he met Adam Lanza , who did not make eye contact or engage in conversation . Lanza tried hard to mainstream her son , the friend said . He now questions whether she tried too hard to have him "  fit in . " He says she took her son with her to the gun range because , she said , she could n't always leave him at home . On Monday , just a few days after the massacre at the school , a schoolmate of Adam Lanza told CNN that he bumped into Nancy Lanza a while ago . Alan Diaz , 20 , who was a freshman at Newtown High School when Adam Lanza was a sophomore , asked her how her son was doing . To Diaz , it seemed that Adam Lanza just disappeared from high school after his sophomore year , but it turns out that Lanza , then 16 , was taking classes at Western Connecticut State University , a school spokesman said . It was hard to forget a kid like Adam Lanza . "  I would call him a genius , " Diaz said . Lanza got a 3.26 GPA at WCSU , including an A in a computer class , the school spokesman told CNN , but Lanza took his last class in 2009 and did n't come back . When Diaz and Lanza were classmates , Diaz went out of his way to include Adam Lanza when few others would , he said . It worked , for a little while . Lanza opened up , sometimes telling jokes to the other students . There he 'd be , in the same plaid green button-up shirt and his khakis -- the weird kid , telling jokes . So those few years later , seeing Adam Lanza 's mother , Diaz just had to ask : How are things going with Adam ? "  When I talked to Nancy that time , about how he was doing , she said he 's been going to the  gun  range a lot recently , " Diaz told CNN . "  That he 'd taken that up as a hobby . " In school shootings , patterns and warning signs Guns and gardening Nancy Lanza was a personable neighbor , acquaintances said . Sandy Hook is an affluent area about 60 miles from New York City . The homes are huge and so are the yards . It 's the kind of neighborhood where Christmas cookies are exchanged and people get together at each others ' houses . When Connecticut winters bring blankets of snow , the kids ride sleds on a big hill in the neighborhood . Nancy Lanza and her two boys -- Ryan and Adam -- and her husband , Peter , moved there around 1998 . The couple divorced in 2009 . Peter Lanza is listed on LinkedIn as a tax director and vice president of taxes for GE Energy Financial Services in the New York City area . According to divorce documents , he agreed to pay his wife , on average , $ 250,000 a year in alimony . He also agreed to buy his son Adam a car , though his wife would have to pay for the vehicle 's upkeep and insurance . Adam Lanza 's primary residence was with his mother , the documents show . They lived in the Newtown home that Peter Lanza ceded to Nancy . The father was also responsible for paying for Adam 's college , as well as for Ryan Lanza 's schooling . Peter and Ryan Lanza were questioned after Friday 's rampage . ` Anarchist Soccer Mom ' cries out for help CNN spoke with a friend of Nancy Lanza who said she 'd grown concerned about Adam lately , worrying about what she was going to do with her boy who was growing up , maybe in the way that all mothers worry . She talked about wanting to sell her house and move West , and was eyeing Washington state . Lanza was n't debilitated , though , by her worry . She still got out there and lived . She went on short vacations and went to Red Sox games . The friend asked not to be named . A ` normal family ' and target shooting "  It was just a nice , normal family , " neighbor Rhonda Cullen said Saturday , recalling how she and other women on the street would often go to each others ' houses to play cards . Nancy Lanza preferred to garden . "  We used to joke with her that she 'd do all this landscaping that no one could see because it all was in the back  of the house  , " Cullen said . Nancy Lanza also collected guns , say those who knew her . Dan Holmes , who owns a local landscaping business , said she showed off a rifle she recently purchased . "  She told me she 'd go target shooting with her boys pretty often , " Holmes said . Nancy Lanza kept a lot of weapons , from assault rifles to handguns , at her home . The weapons were for self-defense , said Marsha Lanza , Peter Lanza 's sister . Yet , Marsha Lanza said her former sister-in-law "  never felt threatened . " If she did , Marsha Lanza said , Nancy would have spoken up about it . Nancy was self-reliant , a trait that she possibly picked up while growing up on a farm in New Hampshire , Marsha Lanza said . Groups : Autism not to blame for violence At some point , she worked in finance in Boston and Connecticut , a friend said . She was not a teacher , as some media had previously reported , the friend added . Despite whatever problems Nancy Lanza might have been facing behind closed doors , on the outside she kept a cheerful face . Several people who knew her said she was incredibly social and warm . Several nights a week , she got take-out from the My Place bar in Newtown . CNN sat down with owners Louise , Mark and John Tambascio . Louise recalled Nancy starting a conversation with her , and how they become fast friends . "  She 's funny . We took to her , " said Mark Tambascio . "  She did a lot in town and was always on the go . " Louise Tambascio said Nancy Lanza worked in charities for people with AIDS , and said she was extremely generous . Louise saw Nancy Lanza take out her checkbook and write checks to anyone who told her they were going through a rough time and needed money . "  She was very kind , " Louise said . Lanza was generally in a good mood , several people said . "  Every time I saw her , she was so giddy and happy , " said Amanda D'Ambrose , 23 , Alan Diaz 's sister . D'Ambrose also knew Adam , and knew that Nancy owned guns . "  She was very responsible . She transported them safely . It was n't something she boasted about , " D'Ambrose told CNN . Yet when she heard the news that there had been a shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary , D'Ambrose started calling Nancy Lanza 's cell phone . As the young woman recalls this terrible moment , she weeps . I was "  hoping it was n't true , " she said . Nancy Lanza 's guns The three weapons found at the scene of the shooting were legally purchased by Nancy Lanza , a law enforcement official familiar with the investigation told CNN . Statement from Adam Lanza 's father The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives is investigating the school shooting . CNN confirmed Monday afternoon with ATF that Adam Lanza and his mother frequented several gun ranges over the past several years . The agency will not identify which ranges . Russ Hanoman , a friend of Nancy Lanza , said she was the "  epitome of responsibility . " "  They 've painted her as some irresponsible gun freak , but she was n't , " he said . "  She was a paragon for gun safety . She taught the boys how to use the guns responsibly . " Police Chief Donald Briggs Jr. said he , too , knew Nancy Lanza . "  She was a great person who would do anything for you , a heart of gold , " he told the Union Leader newspaper . "  She was just a real , real nice , nice person . " Alan Diaz keeps asking the same question everyone is : How could this person he knew , who seemed a little off , kill children ? "  You know , " he began , "  in the media , the person who does  these  things is seen as just evil . But I 've thought for a long time : What about the people who knew them ? What about the friends ? " He chews this over . "  They knew them as a person . And now , being in that situation , it is very strange , " Diaz said . "  I knew this kid and there was no sign ever that he could hurt another person . " Many people told Diaz not to talk to reporters , but he just wants to talk . He wants information he might never get . "  I want to know how this could happen . How ... a shy kid could do this . " Complete coverage : Connecticut school shooting Ashley Fantz wrote this story with field reporting from CNN 's Deborah Feyerick , Lisa Desjardins , Susan Candiotti , and David Ariosto . CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Nancy Lanza was shot four times in the head , medical examiner says A friend says he saw a lock box in the basement where Nancy Lanza kept her guns She was a country girl who grew up shooting , the friend says People who knew Nancy Lanza said she was "  responsible " with her weapons
CNN  -- "  I hope you have a boy . " These were the words of a well-wisher to Queen Elizabeth II  then Princess Elizabeth  and Prince Philip on the eve of the birth of their first child in 1948 . Prospects look considerably brighter for royal girls in 2013 . Over the past few weeks , as the craze surrounding the birth of the Duke and Duchess 's first-born has reached fever pitch , there 's been very little fantasizing of princes per se . If anything , the pendulum now seems to have swung the other way . Perusing the web , I 've been struck by how many comments indicate a popular preference for a girl . To quote one particularly enthusiastic respondent to a recent article on the royal birth , "  I 'm personally wishing it to be a girl for the good of the entire human race and the sustainability of the planet . " Why the shift in sentiment ? In part , the enthusiasm for royal daughters can be attributed to the passage of the Succession to the Crown Act , which became law in late April 2013 . The act , greenlighted to save the British government from the embarrassment of denying the throne to William and Kate 's first-born -- should that first-born be a girl -- erases the male preference in royal succession . The change in law means that the new royal baby , regardless of its sex , will be third in line to the throne . Thus , the refreshing banality of Kate 's recent statement that , "  I 'd like to have a boy -- and William would like a girl ! " From a constitutional perspective , the sex of the child no longer makes a difference . There 's another reason for the eagerness , at least in some quarters , for a female heir . The very uncontroversial nature of the passage of the Succession to the Crown Act reflects a particular historical reality in Britain . Male preference aside , women have worn the crown there for most of the past two centuries . Queen Victoria reigned for almost 64 years ; Queen Elizabeth II has already clocked in 61 . That 's a lot of time to get accustomed to female sovereigns . And not just accustomed to them , but extremely fond of them in the process . While Victoria 's reign  1837-1901  was regarded as an "  accident " until the very end , it was an "  accident " that most Britons came to consider a very happy one . As the muckraking journalist William Thomas Stead proclaimed in 1897 , the year of Victoria 's Diamond Jubilee , "  England indeed has been fortunate in her Queens . " So confident was Stead in queens ' abilities to lead the British nation that he would go on to note that , "  Many a time and oft has the idea recurred in these later years whether by some inversion of the Salic law our dynastic line could be made to pass only through female sovereigns . This being past praying for , we shall do well to make the most of our good Queens when we have them . " Surely there was something overly compensatory about Stead 's remarks . Queen 's reigns , under the terms of the old succession laws , were always understood to some extent as aberrational . As Victoria herself once confided to her prime minister , William Gladstone , "  The queen is a woman herself and knows what an anomaly her own position is . " Yet the "  anomalousness " of female sovereigns was far more of a problem in the early modern period than in the modern time . After the Glorious Revolution of 1688 , Britain emerged as a constitutional monarchy , with the king -- or queen -- taking on an increasingly ceremonial or "  dignified " function . Women have shone in this role  both on and off the throne  , helping to transform the monarchy into an institution intimately connected with cultural diplomacy , middle-class morality , family life and charity work .  Queen Elizabeth is currently involved with more than 600 different charities . Historians often describe this as a "  feminization " process . Whatever it is , it 's a role to which women , for a wide range of reasons , are more habituated to playing . The real question we should be asking , then , in the days leading up to the royal birth , is not ` boy or girl ? ' It 's whether we would have the same levels of enthusiasm , or at least complacency , regarding a female heir , if that heir were to inherit a position that had significant executive , legislative or judicial powers . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Arianne Chernock .	Arianne Chernock : Popular opinion prefers that Prince William and Kate have a girl Chernock : The fervor has to do with a new succession law that gives girls equal rights She says another reason is women have worn the crown in Britain in recent history
CNN  -- President Obama is immensely popular overseas and his re-election will be welcomed by many . But how will his second-term agenda differ from the first ? And what will it mean for a global economy where growth in emerging markets is hesitant , and a massive sovereign debt crisis continues to brew in Europe ? Read more : Five things Obama must do One thing is certain . In the immediate aftermath of a grueling and divisive campaign , and confronted with a national emergency -- the fall off the "  fiscal cliff " -- Obama 's immediate priorities will be domestic , not international . Drawing on the authority conveyed by electoral victory , he will seek to establish a constructive dialogue with Republicans who continue to control the House of Representatives and who can filibuster his agenda in the Senate , just as before . Above all , he will seek to avoid large tax increases and expenditure cuts worth about 4 % of GDP that will be triggered automatically on January 1 next year , should he fail to reach agreement on a long - term plan of fiscal consolidation worth some $ 3.5 trillion to $ 4 trillion over 10 years . Read more : World worries as U.S. fiscal cliff looms If the U.S. falls off this fiscal cliff into recession , the outlook for the world economy , already gloomy , will darken further . The task of keeping the eurozone afloat , amid scared investors and depression-level unemployment in Spain and Greece , will become even harder . The risk of a renewed global banking crisis triggered by sovereign defaults in Europe would escalate sharply . Nor could the U.S. or Europe deploy the policy arsenal they possessed in 2008 to right the ship -- their fiscal and monetary bullets have been spent . Confronted with this dire alternative , Obama will have to compromise by accepting a program of long-term cuts in social programs while Republicans accept phased tax increases -- both departing from their diametrically opposed electoral platforms . As a minimum , this compromise will include a claw back of the payroll tax reduction , and of extended unemployment benefits as well as some expenditure cuts , adding up to 1 % to 2 % of U.S. GDP in 2013 . The likely effect will be that the recovery will remain sluggish , and the world 's growth locomotives will again have to be found , if anywhere , in China and other emerging markets . Quest : Which way will economy go ? The uncertainty surrounding the U.S. fiscal outlook is likely to persist for several months and if , as is possible , the only feasible compromise turns out to be temporary , new fiscal cliffs may loom in the future , extending the uncertainty over years to come . This outcome is possible because the election outcome has not fundamentally altered the balance of forces . An obvious implication is that the U.S. will remain fiscally bound as far as the eye can see . Europeans will have to rely on their own resource to deal with their dangerous crisis , with the U.S. urging action and support through IMF involvement , but without providing money for rescue programs either directly or indirectly through the IMF . Read more : Second Obama term would confront fiscal crisis before inauguration Resources for international aid will remain scarce and may be cut along with other programs . With the Europeans and the Japanese also retrenching , international organizations will increasingly look to China and other emerging markets for additional funds and new initiatives , buttressing the influence of the rising powers in their deliberations . Perhaps fortified by weather events such as Hurricane Sandy , Obama 's second term may bring renewed efforts to encourage control of carbon emissions through environmental regulation , which could yield some modest results . However , given the profound skepticism about climate change in many quarters , the array of special interests in favor of fossil fuels , and the simple fact that the median American family has seen its living standards decline over many years , the appetite for increased gasoline or other carbon taxes will be low . The new administration can be expected to pursue the development of shale natural gas  a clean alternative to coal  and reduced reliance on imported energy with alacrity . The positive effect on reduced gas prices in Europe and other regions of these new American technologies is already being felt . Read more : Fiscal cliff looms over campaign climax Increased use of natural gas in lieu of other fuels , and the continued "  dematerialization " of the American economy , will in any event help mitigate the nation 's emissions for a long time to come . One arena where the new term may bring more daring initiatives is trade . This is ground where the administration and the Republicans in Congress may be able to join forces , perhaps as part of a broader bargain that would include tax reforms in support of business , and assistance for workers displaced by trade -- both of which Obama has also advocated . Trade measures will likely include implementation of recently ratified trade agreements , determined pursuit of the Trans-Pacific Partnership , and may include a renewed effort to close on a low-ambition and partial Doha deal . Markets may breathe an immediate sigh of relief that the election did not end in a dead heat or require extensive recounts , or pitted Obama against a Republican senate . Stocks in healthcare and in alternative energy may be boosted more durably by his re-election . But until the deadlock over how , and how quickly , to effect fiscal consolidation is broken for good , and U.S. politics finds a way to address the nation 's structural challenges -- including exploding healthcare costs and its chronically low savings rate -- there is little reason to expect a trend shift in equity prices . For the time being , the U.S. government continues to borrow at the most advantageous rates , in part for lack of better alternatives . Everyone knows this can not last -- how long it will is anyone 's guess . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Uri Dadush	Uri Dadush says Obama will seek to avoid tax increases scheduled for January 2013 If the U.S. falls into recession , the outlook for the world economy will darken , he says The risk of a renewed global banking crisis would escalate sharply , he says
Former wrestler and Minnesota governor Jesse Ventura has some harsh words for the armed forces this Veterans Day : If given the option today , he 'd opt out of military service . "  I hate to say it , but no , I would be a conscientious objector today , " the Navy special forces veteran said in a video posted Tuesday . "  I do n't believe that the military fights for our freedom . " "  They give them all the ra ra at the stadiums , and they cheer 'em on , " said Ventura , who served as a Reform Party governor of the North Star state from 1999 to 2003 . "  But when the veterans come home , we pretty much forget about them . They 're old news . They 're yesterday 's garbage . And it 's time to move on to the next war . " Related : Jesse Ventura wins $ 1.8 million lawsuit against slain ex-SEAL He pointed to the fallout from the Vietnam War as an example of these attitudes -- and he predicted that veterans from more modern wars would experience the same thing . "  There gon na come back to parades , but it 's gon na end about right there , " he said . Ventura did say , however , that he is n't anti-veteran . After all , he is one himself , having served in the U.S. Navy Underwater Demolition Team member during the Vietnam War . "  You can hate the war and not hate the vet . The veteran is a pawn . They have to do it . They are not given a choice , " he said . "  Our vets are honorable people ... I bear no grudge . " Related : Hagel wants to give Vietnam vets a second chance In particular , Ventura took issue with the large dollar amount pinned to foreign wars , arguing that "  international corporations " are the ones who "  truly run our country today . " "  That 's why wars are fought -- so the profiteers of war can make money , " Ventura said , pointing to the large portion of the annual budget that goes toward national security and defense . "  If we were n't involved in these wars , we would have more freedom , " he said . The video appears on the website of Voices of Liberty , a group led by former Republican congressman and presidential candidate Ron Paul . It lobbies against "  unjustified wars , unconstitutional surveillance , -LSB- and -RSB- extrajudicial drone assassinations , " according to its website . Ventura no longer holds public office . But he 's stayed politically active and he hosts a show on the digital television network Ora TV called "  Off The Grid . "	Former Minnesota Gov. Jesse Ventura spoke out against the military in a video posted on Veterans Day He was careful to point out that he 's not anti-veteran , given that he is one himself "  If we were n't involved in these wars , we would have more freedom , " he said
CNN  -- On a recent flight from Atlanta , I was delayed on the tarmac for an hour and a half . The woman seated behind me played two Adele songs on a loop on her iPad . On speaker . For an hour . No one said anything . At one point the woman took a call . "  I 'm on the plane , " I heard her tell the caller . "  It 's Adele on my iPad ! " Then , "  I do n't have headphones . But everyone likes Adele ! " Anyone who has ever been on a plane , and is over the age of 10 , has probably experienced some form of air rage . Creating it , witnessing it or just making a supreme mental effort not to succumb to it by thumping your seatmate for an outrageous offense such as playing loud music , noisily speaking on the phone or eating food so stinky it might actually be considered a weapon . The good news : you 're not alone . The bad news : air rage is becoming routine . The International Air Transport Association  IATA  saw a 29 % rise in incidents on board flights between 2009 and 2010 . The Transportation Security Administration , however , has seen a decline over the last three years in security-related disturbances the agency has been called to deal with on planes . Air rage : Passengers ` quicker to snap ' However you slice it , you do n't have to work too hard to notice multiple recent examples of passengers losing their cool in lavish fashion . This year alone we 've seen some impressive displays of in-flight fury . January started with an unruly passenger aboard a Reykjavik to New York flight who finished his journey rather inelegantly duct-taped to a seat after an apparent display of screaming , hitting and spitting at fellow passengers . Later that month , a Jetblue flight from New York to San Diego made an unscheduled stop in Denver to remove a woman who allegedly became verbally abusive after another passenger was moved to a neighboring "  even more legroom " seat near her . The source of the woman 's rage was apparently that the man had not paid for the extra legroom  $ 65  , but had been moved there due to a broken television in his seat . In February , a male passenger on a flight to Atlanta is accused of hitting another passenger 's crying baby , uttering a racial slur as he did so . Man accused of slapping toddler will plead not guilty According to an FBI affidavit , a passenger on a February Hawaiian airlines flight from New York assaulted a flight attendant , spat food at people and bit an air marshal . And another February incident proved that you do n't even have to be up in the air to experience air travel-related anger . Yan Linkun , identified by NBC News as an executive and Chinese Communist Party official , became incensed at Kunming Changshui International Airport in Kunming , China . Learning he 'd missed not one but two flights , Linkun vented his rage by flinging equipment and smashing windows in an impressive tirade that has since gone viral . Airline squeeze : It 's not you , it 's the seat Frustrations on the ground and in the air may seem to invite air rage . Before fliers even reach their allocated metal bird , they 've often struggled through security and customs lines and may face delays at the gate or on board . And the United States ' recent mandatory government spending cuts could make those slowdowns at airports worse . Airlines , angling to make a profit , are chipping away at legroom or charging extra for a little more room , introducing new fees or bundling and unbundling the existing charges and re-jiggering mileage programs to favor the elite big-spenders . Travelers take aim at kids on a plane Air travelers are agitated , but it does n't quite explain why some boil over on planes . Is the altitude getting to them ? HLN 's Dr. Drew Pinsky points out that fliers can experience mild brain swelling even at low altitudes that can make it harder to keep your cool . Or are enraged passengers just under the influence ? "  If you want to look at one single contributing factor , you would have to point at alcohol , " Dr. Drew says . Andrew Thomson , creator of airrage.org and author of several air-travel related books including "  Air Rage : Crisis in the Skies , " agrees . "  Alcohol , " he writes , "  is the leading driver of air rage . " In fact , many of the air rage incidents above were allegedly alcohol-related . Fortunately , no one on my flight was outwardly enraged or inebriated , though I 'm sure , like me , many passengers were entertaining extravagant fantasies of how they 'd deal with that offending Adele fan and her iPad . What in-flight behaviors push you to the verge of an outburst ? Share your stories below .	A string of air rage incidents in the first months of the year highlight air traveler tensions Experts point to alcohol as a key ingredient in many instances of in-flight confrontation The author only simmered over an offending Adele fan 's inconsiderate behavior
CNN  -- What are you thankful for this year ? For many of you , that 's probably a tough question to answer . This year has n't been easy , between Ebola and ISIS and Ferguson and the economy and ... well , we could go on . But here 's the interesting thing about Thanksgiving : The idea to set aside a day for humble reflection and gratitude was itself inspired by troubling times . As the story goes , the first Thanksgiving was held in 1621 by the Pilgrims who 'd managed to survive their arrival in the New World and who were eager to celebrate their first successful harvest after a hellish , deadly winter . Almost 250 years later , in the midst of a war that threatened to tear the U.S. apart , President Abraham Lincoln declared that the entire nation would annually honor the last Thursday of November as a "  day of Thanksgiving and Praise . " Even when President Franklin D. Roosevelt tried  unsuccessfully  to celebrate the holiday a week earlier in 1939 , allowing a little extra time for Christmas shopping , he did so with a nation battered by the Great Depression on his mind . If there 's ever a time to pause and think about gratitude , it 's in the hard moments . Some people think that they need to share something profound when they practice giving thanks , but we do n't believe that 's true . Whatever inspires you , gives you hope or makes you smile is fair game . For us , these five moments from 2014 bring about all of the above . What would you add to the list ? 1 . We saw that nothing is impossible . In May , we got to meet Egyptian para-table tennis player Ibrahim Hamadto , a man who did n't let a life-altering accident stand in the way of his dreams . Growing up in northeastern Egypt , Hamadto  also spelled Hamato  was a big fan of soccer and table tennis . But when he was 10 , the future athlete lost both of his arms in a train accident . It took him three years to return to table tennis . When he did , it was an uphill climb . "  It was quite difficult , " Hamadto said . "  I had to practice hard for three consecutive years on a daily basis . " He tried different ways of holding the paddle and eventually settled on holding it in his mouth to play . Now a silver medalist in the African Para-Table Tennis Championships , Hamadto played against some of the sport 's best at the ZEN-NOH World Team Table Tennis Championships in May . "  I want to tell everybody that nothing is impossible , and everybody should work hard for what you love and what you think is good for yourself , " Hamadto told the International Table Tennis Federation . "  The disability is not in arms or legs ; the disability is to not persevere in whatever you would like to do . " 2 . Family that was lost can be found . Imagine that you have a twin somewhere out there , one you never knew you had . And then imagine that , through a crazy bit of luck and the gift of modern technology , you and your twin get to meet for the first time . As it turns out , that story actually happened this year -- and more than once . One set of twins , Ann Hunt and Elizabeth Hamel , lived apart for 78 years before a search into their family tree unearthed their connection . And for 26-year-old identical twins Anais Bordier and Samantha Futerman , it was the magical way Facebook has made our world just that much smaller that brought them together after they were separated at birth . Bordier and Futerman are n't the only ones who used Facebook to connect with those long-lost . In early March , a young woman named Katheryn Deprill posted a message on the social media platform asking for help in finding her birth mother , who left Deprill in the restroom of a Burger King more than 20 years ago . The result of Deprill 's shot in the dark was the opportunity to meet the woman who did n't want to leave behind her child but felt she had no other options . When the two women came face to face , "  they immediately hugged , " said an attorney who set up Deprill 's meeting with her birth mom . "  It was exciting , emotional , dramatic . " For all the moments that social media can be an annoyance or a playground for bullies , there are stories like these that show how online connections can lead to great things . 3 . People renewed our faith in humanity . Read the paper or watch the news , and it wo n't take long before you 're ready to be done with all people , everywhere . But here 's a reminder that things are n't all bad : When a bartender in New Jersey confided in a customer that her dog was having an expensive emergency surgery , that customer left her a $ 1,000 tip to help cover the cost . And when a man in Pennsylvania named James Tully kept getting stopped by police because of his resemblance to cop killer suspect Eric Frein , his community pitched in to help . Tully did n't own a vehicle , and those police stops would happen as he walked five miles to work and back every day . Knowing that Tully was not a suspect but just a guy trying to earn a living , a local woman started an online campaign and raised $ 22,000 -- more than enough to buy Tully that car . 4 . We saw super-rare blood moons . This year , those in North America got to see not one but two blood moons , an eclipse so rare that major figures like Mozart , George Washington , Abraham Lincoln , Queen Anne and Sir Isaac Newton never had the chance to see one . And the fun is n't over yet . There are still two more to go in 2015 . 5 . It 's never too late to try something new . Just before Thanksgiving , a 100-year-old woman named Ruby Holt made the trip of a lifetime . Since she was a child , Holt had longed to see the ocean , but she never had the money or the time for a trip to the beach . So for her 101st birthday , the thing Holt most wanted was to finally make it to the shore . With help from an organization called Wish of a Lifetime , which helps seniors achieve their life dreams , Holt was able to do just that . The organization provided her with an all-expenses-paid visit to the Gulf of Mexico , where she was able to feel the sand between her toes for the very first time . "  I 've heard people talk about it and how wonderful it was and wanted to see it , " Holt said , according to the BBC . "  But I never had the opportunity to do so . " It may have taken some time , but Holt can now cross "  beach " off her bucket list .	The Thanksgiving holiday is a time to give thanks In that spirit , these are 5 moments from 2014 we 're grateful for
Incumbent Sen. Mary Landrieu , a Democrat , and Republican challenger Rep. Bill Cassidy traded sharp allegations of personal misconduct in the final debate before the Louisiana Senate runoff , scheduled for Saturday , Dec. 6 . Days before the debate , Landrieu attacked Cassidy 's medical record , alleging the three-term congressman and doctor padded his payroll by manipulating his time sheet at the Louisiana State University clinic where he practices . Defending his service , Cassidy admitted he filled out the records himself . "  Whenever you go to a clinic , you fill out charts and you sign sheets , and everybody knows where you are , " Cassidy said . But Landrieu was persistent with her allegations . "  I think that you owe the taxpayers an explanation for why you took $ 174,000 -- which is your salary -- plus $ 20,000 , plus we believe - and until we get all the records -- they also paid for his medical malpractice , " she asserted . "  He 's the only doctor in the Congress that has this sweetheart deal . The only one . " But in addition to defending himself , Cassidy was quick to fire back at Landrieu for using taxpayer dollars to fund her private campaign transportation , a violation for which she has apologized and reimbursed taxpayers for . "  When I treat patients in the public hospital system , clearly those patients benefit , " Cassidy said . "  When she takes chartered jets on taxpayer dime to campaign events , who is it that benefits ? " The contenders also predictably disagreed about other hot-button policy issues , particularly the Affordable Care Act . Defending her vote for the bill in 2010 , Landrieu admitted that while she supported President Barack Obama 's signature law , "  it should be improved . " Cassidy , on the other hand , echoed the Republican mantra that the law should be "  repealed and replaced . " In addition to highlighting that Landrieu has voted with the President "  97 percent of the time , " Cassidy also tried to tie Landrieu to Jonathan Gruber , who served as an adviser during the law 's drafting and whose controversial comments about the law and its passage have set off a conservative firestorm . But Landrieu rejected the association . "  I do n't read what Jonathan Gruber says , I do n't even talk to Jonathan Gruber , " she said . "  I talk to my constituents . " Tensions also flared over the Keystone XL pipeline and energy policy , gun rights , abortion and racial issues in light of the Ferguson , Missouri , shooting tragedy . Responding to Landrieu 's suggestion that the President 's unpopularity in Southern states may be attributable to historical racial bias , Cassidy said , "  Just because you disagree with the President , does n't make you a racist . " Landrieu finished just ahead of Cassidy in the all-party primary on Nov. 4 , but could n't draw a majority of the vote , sending the race to a runoff that will be decided on Saturday . The breakdown of Senate seats starting in January 2015 is now 53 held by Republicans , 44 Democrats and two independents , with the Louisiana Senate race the only undecided contest remaining .	Incumbent Sen. Mary Landrieu , a Louisiana Democrat , faced-off against GOP candidate Rep. Bill Cassidy during a debate Monday Landrieu trails Cassidy by double-digits in recent polling Cassidy has effectively tied Landrieu to deeply unpopular President Barack Obama
In the aviation mystery which has baffled the world there is one fundamental question which continues to swirl : Has Inmarsat got its numbers right ? It was these very calculations which led the search for MH370 far from the plane 's original route across South East Asia and deep into the southern Indian Ocean , off the west coast of Australia . No piece of work is more important in the search for the plane . I was given exclusive access to the satellite experts who did the ground-breaking work . Time and again , I would ask them the toughest question : "  Are you right ? " But before we get there ... How did the data come to light in the first place ? Once the plane went missing , the ground station in Perth checked the logs and discovered that while the aircraft 's communications systems were switched off , the plane and the satellite still kept saying "  hello " to each other , every hour . "  Having messages for six hours after the plane is lost is probably the biggest disbelief , " admits Inmarsat 's vice president of satellite operations Mark Dickinson . These messages are the raw data upon which everything rests . Read the data After the alert had been raised at the company 's London headquarters , engineers began urgently interpreting the raw data . Dickinson explains : "  We have some timing information ... that allows you to essentially work out the distance from the satellite ... and in addition to that there were some frequency measurements . " Using the discrepancy of satellite frequency known as the Doppler Effect , the team spent ten days refining their work before they briefed the Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak , who stunned the world by revealing the plane 's flight had ended in the South Indian Ocean . Dickinson says that when he realized what had probably happened , his reaction was : "  Let 's check this and let 's check it again , because you want to make sure when you come to a conclusion like that you have done the right work ... As good engineers we are trained to check and check again . " So why is Dickinson so sure he is right ? Because the model they created showing arcs and Doppler readings was rigorously tested , initially on other aircraft on the satellite at the same time , and then against previous flights by the same aircraft . With minor disagreements both the position and the Doppler reading of those aircraft was predicted accurately . Other organizations created their own models , ran the comparisons and came to the same conclusions . It is essential to understand : This is not just Inmarsat 's frolic . "  No-one has come up yet with a reason why it should n't work with this particular flight when it has worked with others , " Dickinson told me . "  It 's very important that this is n't just an Inmarsat activity . " So why have n't they found the plane where Inmarsat says it should be ? Simply put , it 's a big ocean , the ocean floor is very deep , with valleys and hills . In the bigger picture , the search has really only just begun . The families have been seeking the release of this raw data for weeks . The satellite company has extracted the crucial lines from the logs and has published it with an explanation and analysis . They have not published the raw computer pages which is likely to raise questions about why not . Inmarsat says nothing important has been left out , but that the raw data would not have been understandable on its own . The goal of publication is transparency , not verification . "  What this provides is some transparency on what actual data came back and forwards between the plane and the ground station ... How that data has subsequently been used so it allows people to see what technique . I 'm hoping a great deal of transparency in terms of the analysis by Inmarsat , " says Dickinson . So , will the publication quell the critics ? Probably not . They want every last digit and bit of data so they can re-create the work , something that is impossible without detailed knowledge of the plane 's modem , the satellite 's own movement and the performance capabilities of the 777 aircraft . Having covered this story from the moment the plane was lost , I know only too well that the everything hinges on Inmarsat 's data . Could Dickinson be wrong ? As an engineer he is , of course open to the possibility , but he insists his data has been "  checked and checked ... to make sure we 've got it right . Checked against other flights in the area at the same time ; checked against previous flights of this aircraft . At the moment there is no reason to doubt -- I believe what this data says . " And that is the heart of the matter . Inmarsat and others will never say they are convinced , they are not those sorts of people . Certainty is the prerogative of those of us less rigorously trained to consider fallibility . Inmarsat 's engineers will just rely on the numbers . READ MORE : Next phase of MH370 search ` months away'READ MORE : Movie-maker plans MH370 thrillerREAD MORE : Hope transcends frustration in plane search	Inmarsat and Malaysian authorities release data from MH370-satellite communications Plane sent "  handshake " signals for six hours after it disappeared in March 2014 Inmarsat vice president Mark Dickinson says data has been checked and checked again Lengthy searches in the southern Indian Ocean have so far found no trace of the plane
The government-run health insurance exchanges have been open for business for 20 days . But a host of issues have plagued the highly anticipated launch , making it difficult for both consumers and insurance providers . "  There 's no sugarcoating it , " President Barack Obama said from the Rose Garden on Monday . "  The problem has been that the website that 's supposed to make it easy to apply for and purchase the insurance is not working the way it should for everybody . " What 's not working Error messages : HealthCare.gov is plagued with technical problems . The Obama administration has n't completely released the cause or extent of the problems , likely because they have n't quite figured them out . But people in all but 14 states and the District of Columbia are having trouble applying for the exchanges because the website is n't allowing them to complete the process . "  I put in my user name and password , it did n't recognize it , " CNN 's Senior Medical Correspondent Elizabeth Cohen reported Monday , saying that the website gave her error messages or said "  page not found " or that the system was down . Obamacare open enrollment : Here 's everything you need to know The problems appear to have been worse for those who signed up in the first days the exchanges opened . Spinning icon : For others , the website is extremely slow . The spinning icon that indicates that the website is working , albeit slowly , is a huge frustration in the age of  relatively  fast connection speeds . Faulty information : It 's not only consumers wanting to sign up for health insurance who are having trouble , but the insurance companies that provide coverage are experiencing difficulties with the exchanges , too . Insurance companies say the technical problems are causing the companies to receive both incomplete customer information and duplicate applications . Internet overload : The White House indicated that the problems are exacerbated because of the large number of people who have visited HealthCare.gov . Obama said 20 million have visited the site since the exchanges opened on October 1 . While the President said he would not excuse the problem , he said half a million people have managed to apply . But it is unclear how many of them have made it all the way through the sign up process . While that 's a large number , it 's only a fraction of the 48 million uninsured and 20 million who have visited HealthCare.gov . Still , as some have been able to sign up , it 's not all bad : Have you had trouble signing up ? Tell us your experience What 's working State-run exchanges : Fourteen states and the District of Columbia are running their own exchanges . Those websites are working much better . Many of the states refused to implement their own exchanges in large part because of ideological opposition to the health care law , forcing the federal government to fill the void . 1-800-318-2596 : That 's the number to call if you want to sign up for health insurance by phone ; by speaking to an actual person . It works . Obama said wait times are "  less than a minute . " Cohen confirmed that receiving help via phone was a cinch . "  They 're terrific . They 're very helpful and they answer almost instantly , " she said of the call operators . 5 things that have happened since Obamacare launched Navigators : Recent polls suggest that the majority of people do n't know much about the Affordable Care Act . A nonprofit set up to help people sign up for Obamcare , Enroll America , said they are seeing changes . Justin Nisly , spokesman for Enroll America , said they have nearly doubled the number , from 4,000 to 7,000 , working to educate the uninsured about the exchanges and health insurance . Information : Before the exchanges opened , the cost and services provided were largely unknown . But both HealthCare.gov and the state-run exchange websites are providing detailed information about what people will get and how much it will cost . Time : While the exchanges opened on October 1 , coverage does n't begin until January 1 , and the deadline for having coverage in place is March 1 , so there 's still time to sign up . Officials are recommending people who need to sign up do so by February 15 to ensure the coverage will take effect in time .	A host of issues have plagued the launch of Obamacare 's insurance exchanges President Obama says "  there 's no sugarcoating it . " Problems include website error messages , faulty information , Internet overload Bright spots include state-run exchanges , clarity on services
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The body of a Hungarian daredevil "  wingsuit flier " has been found a day after he plunged into a remote valley in northwestern China during a practice flight ahead of the World Championships . Rescuers discovered Victor Kovats with a smashed skull at the foot of a 100-meter  328-foot  cliff in Tianmen Mountain National Forest Park in Zhangjiajie on Wednesday , according to China 's state-run Xinhua news agency . An investigation is now underway , though rescuers believe Kovats crashed into the cliff when his parachute failed to deploy . Wingsuit flying is an extremely hazardous sport where participants glide through the air wearing a specially constructed suit with fabric under the arms and legs to slow the rate of descent . Much like skydiving , the flight ends with the deployment of a parachute . "  We are deeply saddened by Victor Kovats 's passing and our thoughts and prayers go out to his parents and friends during these difficult times , " read a statement on the website of the Red Bull World Wingsuit League  WWL  , which organizes the competition . "  He will be always be remembered for his deep passion for life and his spirit of adventure , and he will always be sadly missed in the wingsuit community . " Skydiver found dead after jump in Tennessee Difficult terrain Kovats jumped at 2:51 p.m. local time , according to Xinhua . Witnesses then lost sight of Kovats after his parachute appeared to fail . Three other fliers successfully completed trial jumps at the time . Nearly 200 firefighters and policemen were involved in the search operation , which was hampered by difficult terrain , according to Xinhua . Kovats , a three-time Hungarian national champion , had completed 700 jumps . He was also an experienced skydiver and base jumper . The organizers have not yet said if the event -- in its second year and scheduled to begin on October 11 -- will go ahead . The inaugural World Wingsuit Championships were held at Tianmen Mountain 's 700-meter  2,300-foot  cliffs last year with 15 fliers from nine countries . Kovats is the latest in a line of wingsuit fatalities . In August , a British stuntman , who parachuted in dressed as James Bond during the 2012 London Olympics opening ceremony , died after hitting a cliff while jumping in a wingsuit from a helicopter in Switzerland . Mark Sutton , 42 , and another man jumped from a height of about 3,300 meters  10,826 feet  in the Grandes-Otannes area in the Alps , near the border with France , a police statement said . Skydiving instructor dies , student critically injured after jump gone awry	Victor Kovats found with a smashed skull at the foot of a 100-meter  328-foot  cliff in China It 's thought his parachute failed to deploy after a wingsuit flight , though an investigation is underway Kovats was to compete in the second World Wingsuit Championships Wingsuit flying sees participants glide through the air wearing a specially constructed suit
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Honey has been used to treat wounds since ancient times , but recent years have seen a surge of medical interest in the sticky stuff . Research has shown that honey has antibacterial properties . Manuka honey has been the subject of particular interest , with the results of a study just published by Sydney University finding that it has powerful antibacterial properties , and is even effective against antibiotic-resistant bacteria . Associate Professor Dee Carter , from Sydney University 's School of Molecular and Microbial Biosciences said : "  Our research is the first to clearly show that these honey-based products could in many cases replace antibiotic creams on wounds and equipment such as catheters . Using honey as an intermediate treatment could also prolong the life of antibiotics . " "  Most bacteria that cause infections in hospitals are resistant to at least one antibiotic , and there is an urgent need for new ways to treat and control surface infections . " She added : "  We do n't quite know how these honeys prevent and kill infections , but a compound in them called methylglyoxal seems to interact with a number of other unknown compounds in honey to prevent infectious bacteria developing new strains that are resistant to it . " Honey is a complex substance , containing up to 800 compounds and its complexity means it has been difficult to pinpoint exactly how it kills bacteria . Manuka is a type of honey that is made by bees pollinating the flowers of the Manuka bush , a member of the Leptospermum family that grows naturally in New Zealand . Now , an Australian company is claiming to have produced the world 's most potent medical-grade antibacterial honey , made by bees pollinating the Australian jellybush , also a member of the Leptospermum family . Australia 's Medi Bioactive Honey Company claims its Berringa antibacterial honey has twice the antibacterial content of normal manuka honey , and has launched the product in the UK . Dr Rose Cooper of the University of Wales Cardiff School of Health Sciences has researched honey 's antibacterial action and has written a book called "  Honey in Modern Wounds Management . " Cooper told CNN that there are many components in honey that contribute to its antibacterial nature . She says its high sugar content , low water content and low pH are all factors . Additionally , some honey produces hydrogen peroxide , which can kill bacteria . Since 2004 , Britain 's National Health Service has licensed the use of manuka-honey wound dressings and sterilized medical grade manuka-honey creams .	Research has shown that honey can have powerful antibacterial properties Manuka honey is made only by bees that pollinate the manuka plant An Australian company claims it has produced the world 's most potent honey
