CNN  -- "  Hacktivist " collective Anonymous on Thursday took credit for taking down U.S. Department of Justice , FBI and entertainment company websites , following arrests in one of the federal government 's largest anti-piracy crackdowns . Federal agents earlier in the day arrested the leaders of Megaupload.com and shut down the popular hub for illegal media downloads . Hours later , some of Megaupload 's fans turned the table on the feds . Anonymous said it set its sights on the U.S. Department of Justice and the FBI . Both sites appeared to be back up late Thursday , but portions of FBI.gov were not readily available . A law enforcement official told CNN the FBI was investigating . Anonymous said 10 websites in all were targeted . "  We Anonymous are launching our largest attack ever on government and music industry sites . Lulz , " the group said in a statement posted late Thursday on an associated Twitter account . "  The FBI did n't think they would get away with this did they ? They should have expected us . " The group also posted personal information on former Connecticut Sen. Chris Dodd , chairman of the Motion Picture Association of America , one of the targeted sites . A Justice Department spokesperson , who did not want to be identified , said its Web server was "  experiencing a significant increase in activity , resulting in a degradation in service . " "  The department is working to ensure the website is available while we investigate the origins of this activity , which is being treated as a malicious act until we can fully identify the root cause of the disruption , " the spokesperson said . The website glitches came soon after various Twitter accounts associated with the collective took aim at the government . Anonymous ' favorite weapon for these attacks is what 's called a "  distributed denial of service "  DDoS  attack , which directs a flood of traffic to a website and temporarily crashes it by overwhelming its servers . It does n't actually involve any hacking or security breaches . "  One thing is certain : EXPECT US ! #Megaupload " read one tweet from AnonOps that went out midafternoon . One hour later , the same account tweeted a victory message : "  Tango down ! http://universalmusic.com & http://www.justice.gov// #Megaupload " Speaking of the Web attacks , an Anonymous representative said 5,635 people used a networking tool called a "  low orbit ion cannon . " A LOIC is a software tool that aims a massive flood of traffic at a targeted site . The news comes as lawmakers have turned their attention to anti-piracy legislation . Protests erupted both online and offline this week against two bills under consideration in Congress : the House 's Stop Online Piracy Act  SOPA  and the Senate 's Protect IP Act  PIPA  . The bills are aimed at cracking down on copyright infringement by restricting access to sites that host or facilitate the trading of pirated content . But the legislation has created a divide between tech giants , who say the language is too broad , and large media companies , who say they are losing millions each year to rampant online piracy .  Time Warner , the parent company of CNN , is among the industry supporters of the legislation . On Twitter , YourAnonNews said Thursday 's attacks meant an "  involuntary blackout " for sites of SOPA supporters . Universal Music 's website went down Thursday afternoon . The music company had been locked in a legal battle with Megaupload over a YouTube video that featured many of Universal Music 's signed artists promoting Megaupload 's site . The websites of the Recording Industry Association of America and Motion Picture Association of America were out of action Thursday afternoon , but they appeared to be back up later in the evening . A spokesman for RIAA cast the attack as a minor hiccup . "  The fact that a couple of sites might have been taken down is really ancillary to the significant news today that the Justice Department brought down one of the world 's most notorious file-sharing hubs , " he said . The Anonymous attack came soon after the Justice Department announced the indictment of seven individuals connected to Megaupload for allegedly operating an "  international organized criminal enterprise responsible for massive worldwide online piracy of copyrighted works . " Authorities said the operation had generated more than $ 175 million in illegal profits through advertising revenue and the sale of premium memberships . According to the indictment , Megaupload , which launched in 2005 , was once the 13th-most visited website on the Internet , serving as a hub for distribution of copyrighted television shows , images , computer software and video games . The site 's popular MegaVideo subsidiary was widely known in tech circles for its copious selection of pirated content , including recent movies and episodes of hit TV shows . Four of those indicted were arrested Thursday in Auckland , New Zealand , at the request of the United States . Three others remain at large . The individuals indicted are citizens of New Zealand , Germany , Slovakia and the Netherlands . No U.S. citizens were named . However , Megaupload has servers in Ashburn , Virginia , and Washington , which prompted the Virginia-based investigation . To shut down Megaupload , federal authorities executed 20 search warrants in eight countries , seizing 18 domain names and $ 50 million worth of assets , including servers in Virginia , Washington , the Netherlands and Canada . In some of its attacks , Anonymous has targeted governments or companies it says are part of or support a police state . The list of police officers and agencies targeted by the collective is long . From New York to Oakland , California , police websites have been hacked ; personal information , including the home addresses of specific police officers , was posted online in 2011 . CNN 's Laurie Segall , Terry Frieden , Amber Lyon , Steve Turnham , Carol Cratty and David Goldman contributed to this report	Anonymous chides FBI Federal agents arrest leaders of popular hub for illegal downloads Hours later , Justice Department 's website knocked offline "  Hacktivist " collective Anonymous says it targeted websites
CNN  -- The family of American Steven Sotloff had a message Wednesday for the notorious leader of the terror group ISIS , asking him to answer for the sin he committed with the beheading of the journalist . Sotloff 's family broke its silence the same day U.S. intelligence officials said the videotaped execution was authentic . "  I have a message for Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , " family spokesman Barak Barfi told reporters in Arabic , reading from a statement . "  Where is your mercy ? " "  Wayluk , " Barfi said , using an Arabic phrase that roughly translates to committing a great sin . The statement went on to cite passages from the Quran , asking al-Baghdadi why he violated the tenets . "  I am here debating you with kindness . I do n't have a sword in my hand , and I am ready for your answer , " according to the statement read by Barfi . In English , Barfi told reporters gathered outside the Sotloff family 's home in Miami : "  Today , we grieve . This week , we mourn . But we will emerge from this ordeal ... We will not allow our enemies to hold us hostage with the sole weapons they possess , fear . " ` We will not forget ' The statement came just hours after President Barack Obama said the United States will not be intimidated by the killers of two American journalists . "  Those who make the mistake of harming Americans will learn that we will not forget ... that our reach is long and that justice will be served , " Obama said during a news conference in Estonia , where he was meeting with leaders of the Baltic nations . The killing is the second beheading of an American journalist in two weeks , and the militant group said it 's a result of Obama 's decision to conduct airstrikes in Iraq against ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State . The goal of the United States is to "  degrade and destroy " the capabilities of ISIS in Iraq and Syria , "  it 's not contain , " Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel told CNN 's Jim Sciutto . "  It makes you sick to your stomach , but it again reminds you of the brutality and barbarism that is afoot in some places in the world , " Hagel said . " ... It wo n't just recede into the gray recesses of history until we stop it . " Journalists most at risk Hagel : Options on the table All options -- with the exception of a ground invasion -- are on the table to address the threat posed by ISIS , Hagel said . Those options include possible airstrikes in Syria , where ISIS has established a stronghold in and around the northeastern city of Raqqa . But there is a question of just how long it will take to defeat ISIS . "  This , as the President has said , is going to have to be a sustained effort . And it 's going to take time , and it will probably go beyond even this administration to get to the point of defeat , " Deputy National Security Adviser Tony Blinken told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . Vice President Joe Biden added his own voice to the calls for justice , saying the United States will pursue the killers "  to the gates of hell . " "  As a nation , we are united , and when people harm Americans , we do n't retreat , we do n't forget , " he said at an appearance near Portsmouth , New Hampshire . "  We take care of those who are grieving . And when that 's finished , they should know we will follow them to the gates of hell until they are brought to justice , because hell is where they will reside . Hell is where they will reside . " The video The video of Sotloff 's execution was posted online Tuesday . In a scene eerily similar to an earlier video of the death of U.S journalist James Foley , Sotloff kneels in the desert , dressed in an orange prison-style jumpsuit . A masked "  executioner " lords over him , wielding a knife . "  I 'm back , Obama , and I 'm back because of your arrogant foreign policy toward the Islamic State , " the executioner says . "  Just as your missiles continue to strike our people , our knife will continue to strike the necks of your people . " The executioner appears to be the same person , and the location of the two killings appears to be similar , probably in or around Raqqa , one of the safest areas for ISIS , said Peter Neumann , a professor at King 's College London . "  It is almost the exact same choreography , " Neumann said . The journalist speaks ; the executioner speaks . Then the victim is beheaded . In the video released Tuesday , a British hostage is shown after the beheading of Sotloff , just as Sotloff was shown in Foley 's video . British rescue attempt The UK said it attempted to rescue one of its citizens held by ISIS "  some time ago " but failed . UK Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond provided scant details of the rescue attempt or any other plans in the works . "  You would n't expect me to discuss various options that we will be considering , " he said . "  But I can assure you that we will look at every possible option to protect this person . " Britain echoed the same sentiment as Obama . "  This country will never give into terrorism ... a country like ours will not be cowed by these barbaric killers , " Prime Minister David Cameron said . This summer , several dozen of the most elite U.S. commandos flew into Syria but could n't find the hostages , including Sotloff and Foley , a U.S. official told CNN last month . ` Degrade and destroy ' Speaking Wednesday , Obama addressed his much-criticized statement last week that he has no strategy on ISIS . He said he was referring to a military strategy in Syria that "  might " require congressional approval . "  Our objective is clear . That is to degrade and destroy  ISIS  so it 's no longer a threat , " he said . "  We can accomplish that . It 's going to take some time , it 's going to take some effort . " Obama said the world needs a regional strategy to defeat the group . "  We 've been putting together a strategy that was designed to do a number of things . ... What we have to make sure is we have a regional strategy in place , " he said . How will Obama respond to ISIS ? Remembering Steven Sotloff Maps : Where do jihadis come from ? CNN 's Susan Garraty , Carol Jordan , Ali Younes , Michael Pearson , Jim Acosta and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Effort to defeat ISIS will take time and go beyond this administration , official says "  We will not allow our enemies to hold us hostage , " the Sotloff family says The U.S. goal is to "  degrade and destroy " ISIS , U.S. defense secretary says ISIS video released Tuesday shows second beheading of a U.S. journalist in two weeks
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A blast Monday near a political rally left 18 people dead in a Pakistan tribal region , a local government official said . The strike occurred in the Kurram district , Riaz Khan said , and also wounded at least 56 people . Khan said the blast was detonated remotely and 10 kilograms of explosives were used . The explosion occurred during a rally staged by the Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam-Fazal Ur Rehman group , a right-wing religious party with sympathies for the militant Taliban movement . The incident occurred as Pakistanis prepare to go to the polls Saturday for national elections . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility . It said it attacked because one of the candidates , Munir Orakzai , has handed over members of the mujahedeen to the United States . "  We will never forgive him nor leave him alive , " a statement from Pakistani Taliban spokesman Ihsan Ullah Ihsan said . Jan Achakzai , a spokesman for Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam-Fazal Ur Rehman , said more than 2,000 people were attending the rally . Dr. Anayatur Rehman , who works at the hospital that received the bodies , said 18 people died . Achakzai said more than 50 people were injured and two candidates received minor injuries . "  We will continue our politics of peace and reconciliation in Pakistan 's tribal region despite these cowards ' attacks , " Achakzai said . Violence has marred the run-up to the elections . The anti-Taliban Awami National Party and the Muttahida Quami Movement and their personnel also have been targeted recently . Maulana Fazal Rahman , the head of Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam-Fazal Ur Rehman , condemned the attack and said it prompted him to underscore the importance of national unity and deplore sectarian hatred . "  We can not replace Sunnis with Shias , nor Shias with Sunnis , but we can remove hatred between various sects , ethnicities , linguistic groups , " he said .	NEW : Pakistani Taliban says it carried out the attack At least 56 people were wounded among more than 2,000 people at the rally The strike occurred in the Kurram district , a local government official said The explosion comes as Pakistanis prepare to vote in Saturday national elections
CNN  -- Billionaire hedge fund manager T. Boone Pickens spoke about the beleaguered U.S. economy , a prospective bailout and natural gas Thursday , a day after reports that his energy-related hedge funds lost $ 1 billion this year . Billionaire T. Boone Pickens has reportedly lost about $ 270 million this year . Speaking to CNN 's John Roberts , Pickens said he concurred with President Bush 's Wednesday assessment that a "  distressing scenario would unfold " in the U.S. economy without immediate intervention . The U.S. economy needs a quick solution , and the U.S. Treasury -- while capable in its own right -- could use help from someone like Warren Buffett , whose Berkshire Hathaway Inc. reportedly invested $ 5 billion this week in Goldman Sachs , the Wall Street investment bank . Roberts : By some estimates , your energy fund lost $ 1 billion . Personally , you may have lost almost $ 300 million . A lot of people say , "  Well , T. Boone Pickens has got a lot of money , " but by some accounts , that 's 10 percent of your net worth . That was a real hit . Pickens : That 's a good hit . That 's right . Watch Pickens discuss his , America 's problems " Roberts : What happened ? Pickens : I turned the wrong direction , is what it was . You know , you win some and lose some . Some are rained out , you know . You wish this one had been rained out , but it was n't . Roberts : I 'm sure you saw the president 's address last night , or at the very least you heard about it . The secretary of the treasury wants all the money up front . The government wants safeguards on it . They want to make sure there 's protection for taxpayers . They want to limit executive compensation . Are you on board with all that ? Pickens : I 'm ready to go . I 'd give -LSB- Treasury Secretary Henry -RSB- Paulson the money and tell him get it fixed . Roberts : You believe that his plan will work ? Pickens : I do . I think it will work , yes . But I think it needs to work quickly . I think you 've got to move on with it . I liked Warren Buffett 's play into Goldman Sachs . Roberts : Five billion dollars the other day . Pickens : That 's right . That showed good confidence and all . So that 's another leadership opportunity . Roberts : In fact , you have said , Boone , that you would like to see Warren Buffett handle a lot of these illiquid assets that the government buys up in terms of their disbursement . Pickens : Can you imagine anybody better ? Sure , that 'd be great if he 'd do it . I do n't know whether he would or not . But you need to get somebody like Warren to do it . Roberts : You do n't think they have the expertise at the Treasury Department to do it ? Pickens : Oh , they do have . They may need some help . And that kind of help -- you ca n't pay for that kind of help . Watch Bush explain the government 's plan " Roberts : Let me turn to the energy issue . ... We 've talked about your plan to wean America off of foreign oil , use natural gas , you know , get wind power going . You 're also -- correct me if I 'm wrong -- but you 're going to be launching another series of ads here encouraging the presidential candidates to come forward with a plan to wean America off its dependence on foreign energy . Do n't they already have a plan ? Pickens : No . Neither one of them has a plan . The plan I want is to reduce imports of foreign oil . And we can do that one way . Natural gas is a resource we have in America . It is cleaner , it 's cheaper , it 's abundant and it 's ours . So every gallon of natural gas you put in a tank , you will reduce foreign oil by one gallon . So it 's a one-to-one trade-off every time . We could reduce foreign oil by 30 percent . I think we could do it in five to 10 years . Roberts : So what you 've heard from them so far does n't go far enough down the road ? Pickens : No . Roberts : But also at the same time , Boone , you are heavily invested in natural gas and there are some people out there who say you 're just promoting your business here . Pickens : Well , actually , John , I do n't have any natural gas production to speak of . I mean , it 's small . It 's very small . Now , when I was with -LSB- Mesa Power LLP -RSB- , Mesa was a big natural gas producer . But Boone Pickens is not a big natural gas producer . But I am in natural gas fueling on the West Coast . But all of that , every time you use a domestic fuel , you reduce foreign oil . It 's that simple . And we can do it . And this is cheaper . Can you imagine , cheaper , cleaner , abundant and ours ? You could n't pick a better description of what you want to use .	T. Boone Pickens on losing a reported $ 270 million : "  I turned the wrong direction " Pickens : Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson 's bailout plan will work , but do it fast Natural gas better than oil -- it 's "  cheaper , cleaner , abundant and ours , " he says Pickens says he has only a "  very small " stake in natural gas production
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The Oscar given Orson Welles for "  Citizen Kane " some 70 years ago goes on sale in an online auction this month , a Los Angeles auction house announced Monday . The best screenplay award for 1941 was the only Oscar for the legendary writer , director , actor , although he was given an honorary award "  for superlative artistry and versatility in the creation of motion pictures " nearly 30 years later . Welles was 25 when he wrote , directed and starred in "  Citizen Kane , " which the American Film Institute picked in 2007 as the top film of the previous century . The golden statuette 's controversial history includes a court fight with the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , which tried to stop another auction in 2003 . An academy official testified then that the award 's value was at least $ 1 million . A judge cleared the way for auction with a ruling in 2004 that Welles never signed the academy 's agreement not to sell the trophy , according to Nate D. Sanders Auctions spokesman Sam Heller . The academy , which aggressively challenges efforts to sell Oscar trophies , was successful three years ago in stopping the sale of two Oscars awarded to silent film star Mary Pickford . A Los Angeles jury ruled the descendants of a woman who was married to Pickford 's third husband could only sell the statuettes back to the academy for a price of $ 10 . Heller would not identify the seller , although it was known to be in the hands of Beatrice Welles , the actor 's youngest daughter , after she recovered it from a planned auction in 1993 . It had been "  assumed to be lost " for decades but was apparently in the hands of a cinematographer who got it from Welles , Heller said . An attempt to sell it at auction in 2007 failed to draw a buyer , Heller said . It was included in a lot of historical manuscripts , not movie memorabilia , he said . "  Citizen Kane , " Welles ' first feature film , was nominated for nine Oscars but won just for best screenplay , which Welles shared with co-writer Herman J. Mankiewicz . Welles , who portrayed a fictional media tycoon , lost to Gary Cooper in "  Sergeant York " for the best actor award . John Ford 's direction of "  How Green Was My Valley " beat Welles for best director . The bidding in the online auction will end on the evening of December 20 , Heller said .	"  Citizen Kane " best screenplay award is the only Oscar Orson Welles won The auction house wo n't say who is selling the golden statuette Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences challenges efforts to sell Oscar trophies Welles ' daughter Beatrice won a court battle with the academy in 2004 over a planned auction
Fort Lauderdale , Florida  CNN  -- Three teens accused of setting a 15-year-old friend on fire pleaded not guilty Thursday to charges of attempted murder , a public defender for one of the boys said . Denver Jarvis and Matthew Bent , both 15 , and Jesus Mendez , 16 , are charged as adults with one count of attempted murder in the second degree in the October 12 attack in Deerfield Beach , Florida . They were arraigned in Broward County Circuit Court before Judge Dale Cohen and are being held without bond . Two other boys ages 13 and 15 have been charged as juveniles . Prosecutors say Jarvis , Bent and Mendez were in a gang that poured alcohol over Michael Brewer , 15 , then set him ablaze in a dispute over $ 40 , a video game and a bicycle . Brewer jumped into the swimming pool at his apartment complex to put out the flames , witnesses say . Brewer suffered burns over 65 percent of his body . He 's reported in guarded condition at the University of Miami 's Jackson Memorial Hospital Burn Center , where he 's been in a private room since the incident . Gordon Weekes , the attorney for Bent , denounced the fact that the teens were charged as adults . "  It 's been decided by society that a 15-year-old ca n't vote , ca n't join the armed forces and can not buy alcohol , because society has recognized that children do not have the ability to appreciate the long-term consequences of their actions , " he said . "  But they can treat them as adults in court , when we have very capable remedies for them in the juvenile justice system , which is geared toward rehabilitation , " he said . Weekes said he and the other two public defenders plan to make separate motions to the court asking that their clients be allowed to post bond . Detectives say witnesses told them that Mendez used a lighter to set fire to Brewer after Jarvis poured alcohol over him . They said Matthew Bent encouraged the attack . Authorities say Mendez admitted setting Brewer on fire , and that he made a "  bad decision , " according to an arrest transcript . Detectives with the Broward County Sheriff 's Office have been unable to interview Brewer . Until last week , he had been on a ventilator to keep him alive . "  We hope that we can maybe get a statement this week , " said sheriff 's spokesman Jim Leljedal . "  Detectives have been waiting for him to recover to the point where he 's strong enough to give us a complete statement , " he said . Doctors say Brewer is improving but his condition is tenuous because of the severity of his burns and the possibility of infections . Most of his burns are on his back and buttocks ; his face and hands were largely spared , doctors say . Brewer 's doctor told CNN the teen faces several more months in the hospital and will need multiple skin grafts and surgeries . "  They still have to perform several operations on him for skin grafting , but his parents are with him all the time , " said Lorraine Nelson , a hospital spokeswoman . "  I do n't tell him what happened , " Brewer 's mother , Valerie , told CNN affiliate WFOR-TV . "  I just tell him he 's in the hospital and he 's safe and he 's getting better . "  And he 'll say , ` Am I going to be OK ? ' And I say ` Yes , Michael . You 're going to be fine . You 're going to be just fine , ' " she said . Investigators believe Brewer owed Bent $ 40 for a video game . When Brewer did not pay , Bent stole Brewer 's father 's bicycle , police say . When Brewer reported him to the police , Bent was arrested . The next day , the group surrounded Brewer . The five boys called Brewer "  a snitch " and set him on fire , witnesses said . The Brewer family told WFOR that none of the families of the accused boys have tried to contact them , but it does n't matter . "  We ca n't focus on it . They 'll get theirs is all we can say . I do n't focus on it , " Michael Brewer 's father , also named Michael , told WFOR . If convicted they could face up to 30 years in prison . A court-appointed psychologist who has examined two of the five boys told CNN they are competent to take part in legal proceedings and assist their attorney . "  I can describe both of them as being afraid , being fearful , " said forensic psychologist Michael Brannon , who did not identify the boys . "  I can describe both of them as being tearful at various times during the interview , especially when talking about the specific incident which led to the injuries of the victim , " he said . Psychologists are often brought into cases involving teenagers and young adults to judge their mental capabilities and determine their competency to proceed . Psychologists also must evaluate whether the defendants can talk about what happened and communicate effectively with defense attorneys . "  I do n't think they expected to have happened , what happened , " Brannon said . "  It 's a horrible event that occurred , but this was not their conceptualization , in my opinion , of what was going to happen . "	NEW : Attorney denounces charging teens as adults , will seek bond Michael Brewer has burns on 65 percent of his body after being doused with alcohol , set ablaze Three teens charged as adults with one count of attempted murder in the second degree Two other boys ages 13 and 15 have been charged as juveniles
CNN  -- Tens of thousands of people packed a soccer stadium in Cameroon Thursday , including President Paul Biya and his wife , for the first large-scale mass of Pope Benedict XVI 's first visit to Africa . Tens of thousands of people gathered at a football stadium in Cameroon to see the pope . Africa is the last continent that Benedict had left to visit , and one he could not avoid , said David Gibson , a biographer of the pope . "  He knows he has to do this . He knows Africa is the future of the  Roman Catholic  Church , as it is for all of Christianity , " said Gibson . Christianity , like Islam , is on the rise in Africa and Latin America , even as the northern hemisphere tends to become more secular . " One in five of the world 's Christians lives in Africa -- up from less than one in fifty in 1900 , said Brian Grim , an editor of the World Religion Database . So Benedict is making the visit although travel "  is not his cup of tea , " Gibson said . "  John Paul II loved the travel and loved the different cultures . Benedict is a European through and through . " Watch the pope at the soccer stadium " But Benedict understands that travel has become an essential part of a pope 's duties , said Gibson , the author of "  The Rule of Benedict : Pope Benedict XVI and His Battle with the Modern World . " Benedict drew cheers at the mass at the 40,000-seat Amadou Ahidjo Stadium when he told worshippers that God had not forgotten orphans , poor and abused children , and those "  forced to join paramilitary forces , " Cameroon TV reported . He did not mention condoms , a subject which sparked controversy when he reiterated the Vatican 's opposition to artificial birth control Monday while flying to Cameroon . Sub-Saharan Africa has been hit harder by AIDS and HIV than any other region of the world , according to the United Nations and World Health Organization . There has been fierce debate between those who advocate the use of condoms to help stop the spread of the epidemic and those who oppose it . The pope 's mention of birth control may have been an effort to draw attention to the trip , which "  is not getting much of a bounce in the Western media , " Gibson speculated . "  They are savvy enough to know that if the pope mentions condoms , it is going to be a headline , " he said of the pontiff 's advisers . The issue did not come up by chance , he pointed out . "  These were pre-selected questions for which they had prepared answers , " he said . The pope also Thursday met local Muslim leaders in Cameroon , a west African country which is just over one-quarter Roman Catholic and just under one-quarter Muslim . Both religions are expanding rapidly in Africa , said Grim , a senior research fellow in religion and world affairs at the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life . Less than one in ten people in sub-Saharan Africa was Christian in 1900 . Today nearly six in ten are , he said . The region was about 14 percent Muslim at the beginning of the 20th century , he said , and about 30 percent Muslim now . Benedict outraged Muslim leaders around the world in 2006 by quoting the 15th-century Byzantine emperor Manuel II Paleologus when he said , "  Show me just what Mohammed brought that was new , and there you will find things only evil and inhuman , such as his command to spread by the sword the faith he preached . " He repeatedly apologized for the citation , which he said did not reflect his own views . "  It was a painful lesson but clearly the pope learned something from that , " Gibson said . The pope 's meeting Muslim leaders in person can help relations between the Church and Islam , the analyst added . Face-to-face encounters make "  the pope a human figure . That 's what these trips are really about -- to see that the pope is not the boogeyman , he is someone who is kind and wise and wants to discuss issues . "  It 's so easy to see caricatures , so for the pope simply to show up can be an enormously positive development , " Gibson said . Gibson said this week 's visit may be Benedict 's only trip to Africa . "  Knowing that the pope is older , he can not travel as much -- he does not like to travel -- makes these trips more poignant . He may never come back to Africa again . "	Tens of thousands of people pack soccer stadium in Cameroon for pope 's mass Pope tells followers that God has not forgotten orphans , poor and abused He did not mention condoms after sparking controversy earlier in the week
CNN  -- Two men held in the Netherlands may have been trying to test U.S. airport security by putting bottles with electronic devices attached in checked baggage , a U.S. law enforcement source said Monday . The men were taken into custody after landing in Amsterdam on a flight from Chicago , Illinois , Dutch prosecutors said . Both men were being held at Amsterdam 's Schiphol International Airport at the request of Dutch national police , airport spokesman Robert Kapel said . The U.S. Department of Homeland Security said they were arrested after "  suspicious items " in their luggage raised concern . "  The items were not deemed to be dangerous in and of themselves , and as we share information with our international partners , Dutch authorities were notified of the suspicious items , " the U.S. agency said . "  This matter continues to be under investigation . " Those items were an empty shampoo bottle with watches attached to it and an empty bottle of a stomach medicine with mobile phones attached , according to the U.S. law enforcement source , who has been briefed on the investigation . That has raised concern that the men may have been testing a future terrorist plot , the source said . Attempts to sneak liquid explosives aboard jetliners were at the heart of a 2006 plot broken up by British authorities . That case led U.S. authorities to ban all but small quantities of liquids from aircraft cabins . U.S. law enforcement officials told CNN that the checked bags contained knives and box cutters as well . Passengers have been banned from carrying those items on aircraft since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington . The source identified the men aboard United Airlines Flight 908 , from Chicago , Illinois , to Amsterdam , as Ahmed Mohamed Nasser al-Soofi and Hezem al-Murisi . Al-Soofi began his trip by boarding a flight in Birmingham , Alabama , and al-Murisi originally flew from Memphis , Tennessee , the law enforcement source said . Another U.S. law enforcement official said both men were in the United States legally , but their countries of origin were not immediately known . That official said neither of the passengers were carrying items that are barred from aircraft , and federal air marshals were aboard the Chicago-to-Amsterdam flight . However , the law enforcement source said al-Soofi was ticketed for a flight that went to Washington 's Dulles International Airport , with continuing stops in Dubai and Yemen , while both he and al-Murisi were aboard the Chicago-to-Amsterdam flight . Al-Soofi 's luggage went aboard the Chicago-to-Washington flight without him , the source said , in what amounted to another violation of U.S. safety protocols . A U.S. government official said items in at least one of the bags were being examined by law enforcement authorities at Dulles on Monday night . The official said al-Soofi and al-Murisi were seated near each other on the Chicago-to-Amsterdam flight , but were not seated next to each other . Authorities are still looking into whether the men were traveling together or simply had similar itineraries , the official said . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Jeanne Meserve , Mike Ahlers and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : Men in custody may have been testing security NEW : The items included bottles with phones or watches attached Arrests follow Chicago-to-Amsterdam flight Dutch investigators keep lid on details
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- One of the great headaches of the American dream is about to get less painful . The road to college promises to be a little easier with the coming shorter FAFSA forms . Millions of parents and students will have much shorter federal applications for financial aid to pay for college . The form , known as FAFSA , is infamous for its detail and is considered by critics to be more painful and complex than a tax return . The Department of Education plans to unveil a shorter FAFSA on Wednesday , cutting out more than a quarter of the questions and slashing the online version from 30 screens down to just 10 . And in a partnership with the Internal Revenue Service , many families will be able to automatically download their tax data into online FAFSA forms starting in January . Education Secretary Arne Duncan is expected to announce those changes for the 2010-2011 school year at the daily White House briefing Wednesday , along with a proposal for Congress to cut even more bulk from the FAFSA . In a statement obtained by CNN Radio , the Obama appointee linked the slash in paperwork to the administration 's economic push . "  We have to educate our way to a better economy , " Duncan said . "  Young people and adult learners deserve the chance to go to college and to know the money they need is available . " The changes to the FAFSA are often commonsense , dropping obscure specifics that affect few students ' status , such as "  special combat pay . " Likewise , the agency is cutting through queries dripping in bureaucrat-ese . For example , the question , "  At any time ... did your high school or school district homeless liaison determine that you were an unaccompanied youth who was homeless ? " will instead be , "  Are you homeless ? " The FAFSA overhaul has been a long time in the making . Last year , Democrats in Congress pushed through student loan reforms that included some requirements for shorter , more user-friendly versions of FAFSA . One of the captains of that effort , House Education and Labor Chairman George Miller , D-California , is ready for more . In a statement , Miller said he looks forward to working with Duncan , "  to make college more affordable by making student loans more reliable , effective and efficient for families and taxpayers . " Duncan will need Miller 's help . The education chief wants Congress to cut out a number of questions that either affect very few students or are impossible to verify , including a particularly stress-inducing series about parental assets . In addition to lowering blood pressure during student loan season , the effort could save countless hours of work . According the Department of Education , some 15 million parents and students trudge through the FAFSA every year , as a required step toward scholarships , grants and loans .	FAFSA has been dreaded for its complexity and length Department of Education will cut out more than a quarter of the questions The online version will be slashed from 30 screens down to just 10 Changes to the FAFSA will take effect for the 2010-2011 school year
CNN Student News  -- November 13 , 2009 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Fort Hood , Texas • Singapore Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : What happens when history and controversy come together on a field trip ? We 'll explore the answer on today 's show . I 'm Carl Azuz , and this is CNN Student News ! First Up : Ford Hood Charges CHRIS GREY , U.S. ARMY CRIMINAL DIVISION : U.S. Army Major Nidal Malik Hasan , a 39-year-old psychiatrist assigned to Darnell Medical Center here at Fort Hood , has been charged with 13 specifications of premeditated murder . AZUZ : That is the headline out of Fort Hood today : 13 counts of premeditated murder . The charges have been made against Major Nidal Hasan . He 's the suspected gunman in last week 's attack . Army officials say Hasan could face more charges , as well . Hasan 's lawyer says that given the nature of the charges , he expects the legal process to be a "  long and difficult road . " H1N1 Update AZUZ : And in health news , the impact of the H1N1 virus may be more widespread than originally thought . The Centers for Disease Control believes that the virus has caused nearly 3,900 deaths in the U.S. in the first six months since the thing showed up . Tha is a significant increase from earlier government reports . As of last month , officials estimate that 22 million people in the U.S. had contracted H1N1 . The government has ordered 75 million doses of the vaccine for the virus . A little more than 40 million of those are currently available . Spoken Word U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : It 's important that we do n't make any ill-considered decisions , even with the best of intentions , particularly at a time when our resources are so limited . But it 's just as important that we are open to any demonstrably good idea to supplement the steps we 've already taken to put America back to work . Jobs Forum AZUZ : President Obama talking about the state of the economy and explaining some of the reasons why he 's planning to hold a meeting about jobs . The forum is scheduled to take place next month . It 'll include representatives from large and small businesses , as well as workers and financial experts . The country has seen some recent economic growth , but as the president pointed out yesterday , it has not led to an increase in jobs . Right now , the U.S. unemployment rate is 10.2 percent . That is the highest it 's been in decades . APEC SUMMIT AZUZ : After making that announcement , President Obama headed to Asia . It 's his first visit to the region since he was elected . He 's going to a meeting of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation , or APEC . It 's a group of 21 countries that are responsible for more than half of the world 's economic power . The goal of the organization is to encourage economic growth in the region , something that 's been tough given recent , global financial problems . Andrew Stevens looks at some of the topics on this weekend 's agenda . BEGIN VIDEO ANDREW STEVENS , CNN ANCHOR , WORLD BUSINESS TODAY : Before the APEC summit in Singapore , and security is tight . Organizers leave nothing to chance as they prepare for one of the biggest events in the city-state 's history . It may look calm enough on the surface , but the undercurrents in the world trade are dangerous . It was only a year ago that this city was slammed by the global economic storm . ROBERT PRIOR-WANDESFORDE , HSBC , SENIOR ASIA ECONOMIST : It was huge . Singapore exports collapsed . Singapore GDP showed its largest ever decline . STEVENS : This is one of the busiest shipping channels anywhere in the world . Not surprising , really , when you consider that trade export is the lifeblood of this small Southeast Asian economy . Now , it 's only fitting really that APEC gathers here this year to talk about the critical issue of global trade . PRIOR-WANDESFORDE : I think probably the most concrete thing we 'll see out of APEC this week is a recommitment to free trade and the importance of free trade . STEVENS : That is exactly what business people like Tan Pheng Hock are hoping for . His Singapore-based ST Engineering builds aerospace and transport systems and electronic equipment . Most of the group 's $ 4 billion in revenues come from exports . TAN PHENG HOCK , ST ENGINEERING : The economy , the global economy , is still very soft , still very uncertain . Is it a V or a U , I would n't guess which way . What it means is that there 's lots more work . STEVENS : He wants APEC to move faster to liberalize trade , but his key concern is protectionism . HOCK : When you have protectionism , it breeds disease whereby people will be so dependent on it . And the moment you remove it , you get lots of resistance . STEVENS : World leaders have already pledged to fight the rise of protectionism , and it will be on the APEC agenda as leaders look to U.S. President Obama to help forge global agreements . PRIOR-WANDESFORDE : With the crisis we 've been through , there have obviously been some protectionist tendencies beginning to rise , particularly in the western world . I hope we will see those quashed during the course of this week . END VIDEO Controversial History Lesson AZUZ : As we promised you at the beginning of today 's show , we 're gon na take you on a little field trip now . Teachers often use these trips to give you experiences you just ca n't get in the classroom . At one former plantation in North Carolina , you can experience a time when cotton was king and slavery was the law . Tenikka Smith from affiliate WSOC explains how a lesson about the past raised serious concerns in the present . BEGIN VIDEO TENIKKA SMITH , WSOC REPORTER : Ian Campbell gives historical tours and lessons at the Latta Plantation . IAN CAMPBELL , HISTORIAN , LATTA PLANTATION TOUR GUIDE : I am very , very enthusiastic about what I do in trying to get kids to think about how people did things during 1860 , 1861 , even before that period . SMITH : But one Union County parent says Campbell took his enthusiasm too far when he picked three black elementary school students out of a group of mostly white students to play the role of cotton picking slaves during a class trip . CAMPBELL : I was trying to be historically correct , not politically correct . SMITH : Charlotte NAACP President Kojo Nantambu disagrees . KOJO NANTAMBU , CHARLOTTE NAACP PRESIDENT : There is a lingering pain , a lingering bitterness , a lingering sense of insecurity and a lingering sense of inhumanity since slavery . Because that 's still there , you want to be more sensitive than you want to be politically correct or historically correct . SMITH : Although Campbell defends his decision , he says in the future he will take a different approach . CAMPBELL : I 'm going to actually start asking for volunteers instead of calling people from the audience . I think that would make it a lot easier . That way , if there 's someone who is afraid of public speaking or getting up in front of their peers , it would n't embarrass them . NANTAMBU : Even if the black children had volunteered , I probably would have tried to use all of the children , for the effect that would have made them all feel equal in the experience . END VIDEO Promo AZUZ : Historically correct or politically correct ? Which do you think is more important ? Or maybe you have another way you would look at this whole topic . We want to know what you think . We 'd like you to share your thoughts on our blog at CNNStudentNews.com ! But please remember , we only want your responses and your first names . Please , only give us your first names on that . Shoutout NINETTE SOSA , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to the teachers and students at Chestnut Ridge Middle School in Washington Township , New Jersey , who are celebrating their school 's 20th anniversary ! What is the world record for the amount of time it takes to eat a 12-inch pizza ? Is it : A  30 seconds , B  1 minute , 45 seconds , C  2 minutes , 10 seconds , D  3 minutes , 15 seconds ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! A New Zealand man set the mark in 1 minute , 45 seconds . That 's just one of the amazing feats you 'll find in the Guinness Book of World Records . For some other entries ... Off the Beaten Path BEGIN VIDEO AZUZ : Oh boy . It 's another hands-on competition for a world record ! Usain Bolt may be the fastest man on two feet , but in terms of the human wheelbarrow , he 's neither as fast nor as loud as these fanatics in Finland . They had a hand in Guinness World Records Day 2009 , what the organization called a "  celebration of all things superlative , " including everyone from daredevils to dancers to dune riders to cowpunchers . Yes , there 's a record for most people lassoing , and it 's 23 ! In Italy , pasta played a record role . In Finland , people of 76 different nationalities sweated out a superlative in a sauna . But it was the UK that hosted a record that 's indisputably hair-raising . A very headstrong competitor dragged an eight-ton bus by his hair ! ZAIN VERJEE , CNN CORRESPONDENT , LONDON : He did it by tying a screw at the back of his head and attaching that orange lead to the bus itself . It took a few minutes ; he seemed like he was in a little pain . AZUZ : Of course , it 's painful to look at ! But the 70-foot distance was enough for a record and a headache , tying up our latest trip Off the Beaten Path ! END VIDEO Goodbye AZUZ : The bus probably deserves as much the record as much as the guy does , but who are we to split hairs . We 'll brush that one off and return on Monday . We hope you have a great weekend . And over the weekend , be sure to check out our blog . Comment on that story we showed you earlier . And you 're always welcome to visit our Facebook site . That 's Facebook.com / cnnstudentnews . Thanks so much . We 'll see you on Monday .	Discover what 's significant about the location of the upcoming APEC summit Hear why a history lesson about the past has sparked concerns in the present Check out some of the newest entries in a renowned book of global records Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  Raise your hand if you are ready for spring and some warmer weather . We ca n't offer you that , but we can bring a little happiness in the form of the new original programming , classics and documentaries streaming in March . This time around we 've added Acorn TV which streams British programming . Netflix : "  Patch Adams " "  Finding Neverland " "  The Brothers Grimm "  2005 "  Teen Witch " "  30 for 30 : Of Miracles and Men " "  Evelyn " "  Mercy Rule " "  Monster High 13 Wishes " "  Monster High : Ghouls Rule " "  Rules of Engagement " "  Food Chains " "  The ABCs of Death 2 " " Aziz Ansari Live at Madison Square Garden " "  My Own Man " "  Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt " "  Archer : Season 5 " "  Glee : Season 5 " "  The Angriest Man in Brooklyn " "  Tyler Perry 's The Single Moms Club " "  After the Fall " "  Cesar Chavez " "  Monster High : Haunted " "  How to Train Your Dragon 2 " "  3rd Rock From the Sun : " Complete Series "  A Different World : " Complete Series "  Marvel & ESPN Films Present : 1 of 1 : Genesis  2014 "  You 're Not You " "  Dummy " "  Life Itself " "  Bloodline " Season 1 "  God 's Not Dead " "  Mad Men " Season 7 "  November Man " "  Garfunkel and Oates " season 1 "  Turn " Season 1 "  Trailer Park Boys " season 9 "  Frankie & Alice " "  Ask Me Anything " "  The Man with the Iron Fists " Amazon Prime : "  Drunk History " season 2 "  The Alamo " "  Blue Lagoon : The Awakening " "  Comet Encounter " season 1 "  NOVA " volumes 11 & 12 "  The Nanny Diaries " "  Center Stage : Turn it Up " "  Donnie Brasco " "  Taxi Driver " "  The Kill Team " "  Listen Up Philip "  Prime member exclusive "  Back Issues : The Hustler Magazine Story " "  The Angriest Man in Brooklyn " "  Tyler Perry 's The Single Moms Club " "  Pulp : A Film About Life , Death and Supermarkets " "  God 's Not Dead " "  The Zero Theorem "  Prime member exclusive "  Frankie & Alice " iTunes : "  Last Man on Earth " - Free series premiere  ends 3/16 "  Secrets and Lies " - Free series premiere  ends 3/15 "  BattleCreek " - free series premiere  ends 3/16 "  Top Five " "  Foxcatcher " "  The Hobbit : Battle of the Five Armies " "  Tinker Bell and the Legend of the NeverBeast " "  Exodus : Gods and Kings " "  To Write Love On Her Arms " "  Thomas & Friends : Dinos & Discoveries " "  Thomas & Friends : The Adventure Begins " "  Sesame Street : The Best of Elmo 3 The Following - Season 3 Premiere " "  Broadchurch " - BBC season 2 premiere "  Younger " - free pre-air series premiere  ends 3/31 "  CSI : Cyber " - free series Premiere  ends 3/19 "  A Year in Champagne " - * iTunes Exclusive  same day as theaters "  Road Hard "  same day as theaters "  Faults "  same day as theaters "  Badasses on the Bayou "  same day as theaters "  American Crime " - free series premiere  ends 3/19 "  Dig " - free series premiere  ends 3/17 "  Unbroken " "  A Most Violent Year " "  Winter Sleep " "  Annie " "  Russell Madness " "  Bill Maher : Live from D.C. " "  Monster High : Haunted " "  Island of Lemurs " "  Returned " series premiere "  Bates Motel " season 3 premiere "  The Cobbler - same day as theaters "  Champs " - same day as theaters "  Cymbeline - same day as theaters "  Kardashians " season 10 premiere "  The Royals " - free series premiere  ends 3/29 "  Wild " "  Song of the Sea " "  Halo : Nightfall " "  Nightlife " - same day as theaters "  One Happy " series premiere "  iZombie " series premiere "  The Riot Club " - same day as theaters "  It Follows " - same day as theaters "  The Imitation Game " "  A Girl Walks Home Alone At Night " "  Tracers " - same day as theaters "  Masters of Sex " season 2 "  Mr. Selfridge " season 3 premiere "  Devil 's Backbone Texas " "  Parallels " "  Women in Black 2 " Acorn TV : "  New Worlds " "  Jamaica Inn " "  Small Animal Hospital " "  Taggart " "  Rebus " "  Jo " "  The Poison Tree " "  Thorne "	New content has been added for March There are classics , original programming and more Acorn TV streams British programming
Key West , Florida  CNN  -- They search the ocean depths hunting for evidence left by predators deadlier than great white sharks . They are members of the FBI 's Technical Dive Team , an elite group of special agents tracking terrorism underwater . Starting next year , this 10-member team could be called on to search for evidence left behind by international terrorists in water contaminated by chemical , biological , radiological or nuclear waste . "  There have been enough scenarios recently , " says team member Supervisory Special Agent James Tullbane , citing the 2008 attacks in Mumbai , India , which began when terrorists entered the port city by boat . "  If you look at Mumbai and you look at various international incidents that occurred where there 's attacks on American civilians or attacks on American interests where water has been involved , ... we determined that we really do need to expand our capabilities . " A year ago , the FBI created the Technical Dive Team with a primary mission of gathering evidence after a terrorist attack to help find and prosecute those responsible . The team 's ability to operate in contaminated water and to dive at extreme depths sets these divers apart from the FBI 's existing Underwater Search and Evidence Response Teams . A large part of the Technical Dive Team 's training is focused on diving in hazardous materials , Tullbane says . Instead of air tanks , the divers use a hose connected to a surface supply system . "  It not only provides the air , it collects the air that you exhale and brings it back to the surface , " says Michael Tyms , the team 's program manager . The divers also wear specialized dive suits and old-fashioned hard steel helmets so they can safely operate in contaminated water without being exposed to toxins . The new equipment also allows the divers to search a crime scene as deep as 300 feet . A safe recreational dive is about 130 feet . Marine mammals help with counterterrorism The team , which is halfway through its two-year training program , is scheduled to be fully operational by next year , once all its certifications are complete , Tullbane says . In the meantime , the divers will perform missions they feel they are capable of doing without high risk of injury . A few weeks ago , the team was called to duty after the U.S. Coast Guard asked the FBI for assistance with a case involving a "  narco sub , " a semi-submersible vessel regularly used to smuggle drugs . When the Coast Guard spotted the vessel off the coast of Honduras , its crew sank the watercraft . They were later detained , according to a Coast Guard press release . "  The thought was , ` Hey , somebody could go down and retrieve those narcotics , ' " says Tyms . "  So they called us and we said , ` Yep that 's the type of mission we could do . ' " Armed with their state-of-the-art side sonar and their surface air supply system , the FBI divers headed to the Caribbean and a blighted , contaminated patch of water , ironically close to a prime recreational dive spot , the world 's second largest barrier reef . "  Once it sunk , diesel  fuel  was leaking out into the water , into the cargo hold , " says Tyms . In the cargo hold 80 feet below the surface , the divers found nearly 15,000 pounds of cocaine estimated to be worth $ 180 million in street value , according to the Coast Guard . The divers went down in pairs . It took eight divers , 15 dives and 24 hours in the water to bring the blocks of tightly packed cocaine to the surface . The FBI dive team played an "  essential " role in locating and recovering the drugs , according to Coast Guard Lt. Cmdr. Peter Niles . During their mission , the most dangerous threat to the divers did n't come from the hazardous water or the marathon dive session , Tyms says . "  Our memorable moment was when two divers jumped in the water and a shark came out of nowhere and started swimming around them , " he says . The team can only hope that a curious shark remains its most dangerous dive encounter .	FBI agents are being trained to search for terrorism clues underwater The FBI Technical Dive Team 's training will be complete next year They wear special dive suits to work in contaminated water Recently , they found 15,000 pounds of cocaine in a sunken cargo hold
Washington  CNN  Kentucky Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes is threatening to ask courts to stop Republican Rand Paul from running for the Republican presidential nomination and re-election to the Senate at the same time . "  The law is clear . You ca n't be on the ballot twice for two offices , " Grimes , the Democrat who challenged soon-to-be Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell this fall , told WHAS in Louisville . Her comments came in Grimes ' first interview after losing by 15 percentage points to McConnell . Republicans in Kentucky are pushing to change the state law to allow Paul to appear on the ballot twice , but Democrats who control the statehouse have objected . Grimes said as the state 's chief election officer , she wo n't be "  bullied " by Paul . "  We 'll look to the court for any guidance that is needed , " Grimes said . "  And at the end of the day , we 're not going to be bullied . I 've done my job as secretary of state for the people of Kentucky and I 'll continue to do that . " To challenge Paul in court , though , Grimes would need to run for re-election as secretary of state in 2015 -- a decision she said she has n't made yet . Kentucky has several statewide offices on the ballot next year . State Attorney General Jack Conway is the only Democrat who 's entered the race to replace outgoing Gov. Steve Beshear , and Beshear 's son , Andy , is running for attorney general . Grimes was coy in the interview with WHAS when asked about her own future . "  I 'm taking time to reflect with family and friends on what has been an amazing journey , " Grimes said , "  And , my hope is that I will continue to remain committed to the causes that I committed myself to over the course of this past year . "	Kentucky Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes hopes to block Sen. Rand Paul from running for two offices at once Grimes , a Democrat , recently lost in a landslide to GOP Sen. Mitch McConnell
U.S. Secretary of Commerce John Bryson , under investigation for possible felony hit-and-run after allegedly causing two weekend car accidents in California , will take a medical leave of absence "  as he undergoes tests and evaluations , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said Monday night . A Commerce Department spokeswoman said earlier Monday that Bryson , 68 , had suffered a seizure when the two accidents occurred Saturday . Police said Bryson was found unconscious at the wheel of his car on after the two accidents . Bryson was issued a citation at an area hospital where he received treatment , said Lt. Ariel Duran of the San Gabriel Police Department . Authorities must still decide whether to formally file any charges . Bryson voluntarily took a breathalyzer test that detected no alcohol use , the Los Angeles Sheriff 's Department confirmed Monday . Results from a separate blood alcohol test were pending , Duran said . A police statement Sunday said the investigation was in "  its preliminary stages , " and that there was no indication of alcohol or drugs playing a role . "  Secretary Bryson was involved in a traffic accident in Los Angeles over the weekend , " said a statement by Commerce Director of Public Affairs Jennifer Friedman . "  He suffered a seizure . He was taken to the hospital for examination and remained overnight for observation . He was released and has returned to Washington . The investigation is ongoing . " At the White House earlier Monday , Carney said Bryson has "  health-related issues that played a role " in the weekend incident . Carney provided no further details , noting the Commerce Department statement about Bryson suffering a seizure . "  He was alone , he had a seizure , he was involved in " the accidents , Carney said in explaining the difficulty in determining exactly what happened . In announcing Bryson 's medical leave of absence Monday night , Carney said in a statement that Bryson had notified the White House of the leave and , "  The President 's thoughts are with Secretary Bryson and his family during this time . " Neither Carney 's statement nor his remarks earlier indicated whether Obama had spoken directly with Bryson since the accidents . According to a Commerce official , Bryson was on personal time with no security detail when the accidents occurred and was driving his own vehicle . The official , who spoke to CNN on condition of not being identified , said Bryson was given medication to treat the seizure . The Commerce official said Bryson flew back to Washington on Sunday night and was in the office Monday . Bryson , who never had a seizure before , is in touch with doctors who are monitoring his progress , the source said . Bryson has limited recall and the cause of the seizure , as well as the exact sequence of events , is not clear , the official said . An administration official , also speaking on condition of not being identified , told CNN the White House was notified Sunday night about what happened . Bryson , who was driving a Lexus , rear-ended a Buick occupied by three men that was stopped at a railroad crossing in San Gabriel , said the police statement Sunday . "  Bryson spoke with the males , then left the scene , hitting the same car again as he left , " the statement said . The men in the Buick followed Bryson while calling 911 to report the accident , it said . Bryson then drove to the neighboring city of Rosemead , where he hit a second car , according to authorities . The commerce secretary was found "  alone and unconscious behind the wheel of his vehicle , " according to the police statement . Paramedics treated him at the scene and took him to an area hospital , Duran said . Two of the three men in the Buick were treated for minor injuries , according to police . Bryson was cooperative with deputies when he "  came to , " said Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Steve Whitmore . "  It 's all under investigation , and it will be treated as we would treat any investigation such as this , " he said . Obama nominated Bryson to succeed Gary Locke as commerce secretary in May 2011 . "  As Commerce Secretary , John is going to be an important part of my economic team , promoting American business and American products across the globe , " Obama said then . "  By working with companies here at home , and representing America 's interests abroad , I 'm confident that he 's going to help us meet the goal that I set of doubling our nation 's exports . " Bryson 's Senate confirmation was delayed by Republican opposition . It eventually occurred in October and he became the 37th secretary of commerce . A graduate of Stanford University and Yale Law School , Bryson served as chairman of the California utility company Edison International from 1990 until 2008 . Before that , he was a co-founder of the Natural Resources Defense Council , a leading environmental group that strongly endorsed Bryson 's nomination last year .	Bryson will take a medical leave of absence , the White House announces Bryson has no history of seizures , an official says Bryson is under investigation for possible felony hit-and-run There is no indication alcohol or drugs were involved , although tests are still pending
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- Setting one species up to scare off or even kill another is nothing new . One of the world 's most fearsome killers ? Me ? The heart-stoppingly infamous cane toad . Toads , bees , mongoose and even moths have all been utilized with varying degrees of success over the years in the hope that they could do the job humans could n't . Sometimes it works , frequently it does n't , and in some cases we are still waiting to find out . If any of these following examples teaches us anything at all , it is that if you are going to play with Nature , you do so at your own peril . Click here for gallery " The Cane Toad Who would have thought a humble toad could end up as the killer of one of the world 's most fearsome creatures , the crocodile ? It all started off so innocently , too . Introduced to Australia in 1935 from Hawaii , the cane toad , which is native to Central and South America , was supposed to kill off the scarab beetles that were decimating Australian sugarcane crops . Unfortunately , the toads failed to go after the beetles and decided to multiply at a very fast rate instead  they can lay between 8,000 and 30,000 eggs in one go  ending up as another pest the Australians were keen to see the back of . According to the Australian Department of the Environment and Heritage  DEH  , the cane toad "  expanded through Australia 's northern landscape at 27-50 kilometers a year " and is now heading south at a rate of 1.3 kilometers a year . Cane toads not only eat pretty much anything that can fit in their mouths , but as of yet , no known predators or diseases have been identified that can take them on . The problem is that they are extremely toxic , with the DEH stating "  almost anything that eats the toad dies rapidly from heart failure " . And that includes crocodiles . According to the University of Sydney , crocodile populations that have come across these new pests have been dropping like flies , in some places by as much as 77 percent . Small Indian mongoose The risk with hired killers is that sometimes they can be a bit too good at their job . Such is the case with the small Indian mongoose , which was introduced into Hawaii and some of its surrounding islands in 1883 . The idea was the mongoose , a "  voracious and opportunistic predator , " according to Columbia University , would keep rats out of the sugarcane fields , where they had been feasting on what was on offer . The mongooses came in and missed out on the rats , as the former happened to be day-lovers , while the latter was nocturnal . So they turned their attention to other species instead , including birds  specifically ground nesters  , small mammals and reptiles  they particularly liked snakes and iguanas  . Little did the Hawaiians know at the time , but the small Indian mongoose is one of the world 's most fearsome killers , now listed by the World Conservation Union in the top 100 of the world 's worst invaders . These tiny creatures have hunted several species to extinction , including , says Columbia University , at least seven types of amphibians and reptiles in the West Indies ; and in Jamaica alone it has been responsible for the extinction of a lizard , a snake , a rat and two birds . In Hawaii , the endangered Hawaiian crow , the endangered dark-rumped petrel and the nene goose are now all at risk , thanks to the appetite of this tiny , furry creature . And to make matters worse , this particular mongoose is a vector for rabies too . The English sparrow The early bird catches the worm , but if that bird is an English sparrow , it does a little more than that , as the Americans found out in 1850 . It was then that the bird was intentionally introduced to the U.S. as a means of protecting trees from canker worms . But according to Cornell University , the sparrow also set about feasting on crops as well . The sparrow had a very varied appetite , feeding on wheat , oats , corn and barley , pretty much any vegetable or fruit it laid its eyes on and it had a taste for chicken feed too . Surprisingly for its size , the sparrow is also a fairly aggressive creature and proved a bit of a bully to the locals , "  displacing some native birds and harassing others " , says Cornell . To add insult to injury , it carried 29 diseases that infected both humans and livestock . While U.S. populations are now largely on the decline , according to the Global Invasive Species Database , Australia meanwhile is on high alert , with the bird now having been assigned as "  an extreme threat category " there . The red Fox Australia has an unenviable claim to fame : it is home to the most number of mammal extinctions in the world . According to the World Wildlife Fund  WWF  , nearly half of all mammals that have gone extinct in the last 200 years , have been Australian . And much of the responsibility for these extinctions rests on the shoulders of introduced predators like the red fox . Just on its own the red fox could be responsible for "  dozens of small mammal extinctions " in the country , according to Columbia University . The English brought the red fox with them to the country in 1855 , not only introducing it for a spot of hunting , but also , it is thought , to control the brown hare populations . Unfortunately , the red fox was an excellent predator but it liked chasing after more types of creatures than just the brown hare . It had a ball , as Australian wildlife just was n't equipped to deal with it . As a result , it freely preyed on birds , mammals of varying sizes and reptiles . It particularly seemed to like newborn lambs , goat kids and chickens , creating an economic headache for local farmers . And it did n't take them too long to spread either -- according to Australia 's DEH , it took the red fox just 100 years to inhabit almost the entire continent . A natural scavenger , the red fox is incredibly adaptable too , which has meant not only has it proliferated on a massive scale , but with the absence of any real predators to speak of , they have proven very difficult indeed to kill . The European red fox is often described as Australia 's number one predator ; and as its also a "  key carrier of rabies " , says Columbia , the red fox is up there amongst Australia 's most unwelcome guests . Sources : Discover Magazine ; Mongabay.com ; Australian Department of Environment and Heritage ; University of Sydney ; WWF ; Columbia University ; ScienceDaily ; University of Washington College of Forest Resources ; Global Invasive Species Database ; National Geographic ; Cornell University	Cane toads have been blamed for mass crocodile deaths in Australia Small Indian mongoose one of the world 's "  worst invaders " Red fox responsible for "  dozens of mammal extinctions "
CNN  -- "  He who has not climbed the Great Wall is not a real man , " the Chinese like to say . I 've taken up that challenge many times over . I first climbed the Great Wall in August 1971 , soon after I arrived in China as a tourist . I still remember my excitement and awe when I scaled its Badaling section , 85 km northwest of Beijing . It is , after all , the longest man-made structure in the world , stretching 8,851 km  5,500 miles  long . It is said to be one of the Seven Wonders of the World . I 've lost count now but in the 40 years that I 've lived in China , I must have climbed it about 80 times . That includes a trip onto the Shanhaiguan section , where the wall starts near the seaside resort of Beidaihe in the east and a trek to the Jiayuguan Pass in Gansu Province , where the wall ends in the west . In Beijing and its surroundings , the Great Wall is 629 km  391 miles  long with five sections , including the Badaling , the first one opened to tourists in 1957 . I 've climbed the major sections but one thing remained on my wish list : to sleep overnight on the Great Wall . It 's one of those rites of passage , especially for adventure enthusiasts , history buffs and adrenaline seekers . One sultry summer day recently , I joined members of the Philippine Overseas Photographers  POP  , a group of professional and amateur camera buffs , and embarked to realize my wish . We rented a mini-bus that took us at the foot of Jinshanling section , located in the mountainous areas in Luanping County , Hebei province , 125 kms  78 miles  northeast of Beijing . The Jinshanling section was first built in 1368 during the Ming dynasty and was rebuilt and restored over the centuries . Now it is 10.5 km  6.5 miles  long with five passes , 67 towers and two beacon towers . I traveled light , with one backpack  spare clothes , boiled eggs , fruit , chocolate bars , and bottled water  and a sling bag  cameras , a whistle , small flashlight , knife , wipes , pen and notebook , and a photocopy of my passport . Of course , I lugged a sleeping bag . We were lucky to have several trained mountaineers among us who gently reminded us of their maxim , "  take nothing but picture , leave nothing but footprint , kill nothing but time . " It turned out to be a moderate trek , although some sections were steep and treacherous . Bricks and rubbles in some parts were loose due to wear and tear . Some 4,632 steps later  according to my mini-pedometer  , we reached the Flowers Tower , a two-storey watch tower built in 1579 . We chose as our camp site . On top of the tower , half as big as a tennis court , we staked our sleeping areas . We caught our breath and took pictures to catch the spectacular scenery as the light fades . Gazing at the panoramic view atop the rampart , I was reminded of an ancient phrase , "  land is under my feet ; the world is mine . " I felt like a real man . Come nightfall , we looked up the sky dotted by stars and listened to the silence of the night . We took a lot of pictures . Combining long-exposure and light-painting techniques , our intrepid POP photographers took stunning souvenir photos , including a few frames featuring our favorite acronyms , CNN and POP , in the background . As we all tried to sleep , someone suggested that I recount to the group how I came to China 40 years ago and what I 've been doing since then . It turned out to be a good way to put some members to sleep . We all woke up to an overcast day , but still one with unique hues . As we walked home , Jinshanling beckoned like a dragon snaking along the lush and rugged hills . All these years , the Chinese government has used the Great Wall as an iconic symbol of national pride and unity . Still , China struggles with how to manage and protect the Wall as it promotes mass-market tourism . During the climb , we encountered several workers who were repairing the steps of one steep section of Jinshanling . "  We are doing this to make it safe for hikers , " one worker told me . I pointed at a half-collapsed rampart nearby and asked if they planned to restore it too . "  No , " he said , "  we will keep its original state . " I felt relieved . What makes climbing the Great Wall , specially the unrestored sections , so special ? "  Appreciating history and escaping the hustle and bustle of the city and the pollution , " POP stalwart Owen Tiam tells me . A professional photographer , Tiam has climbed the wall more than a dozen times and has camped on it three times . What advice can we offer to people who wish to follow our steps ? "  Three tips , " says Tiam . "  Food and water  to share  ; a sleeping bag or a warm hug  to share  and friends and stories  to share  . "	The Great Wall of China is symbol of national pride and unity China struggles with how to manage and protect it as it promotes mass market tourism There are rites of passage attached to the Great Wall ; one is to sleep on it Those who do should bring food and water to share , a sleeping bag and stories
Port Gibson , Mississippi  CNN  An African-American man is found hanging from a tree in the Mississippi woods with bedsheets around his neck attached to a limb 15 feet above the ground . There 's no chair in sight . His feet are 2 to 3 feet off the ground . His hands are not bound . Is this a suicide ? Or is it a lynching -- a shadow from the South 's history of racial violence re-emerging ? Those were the big questions Friday , one day after authorities found a man 's body with bedsheets around his neck in Port Gibson , a small town of just over 1,500 people in rural Claiborne County , about 60 miles southwest of Jackson , the state capital . Evidence collected so far does n't suggest foul play in the death , law enforcement officials said . For that reason , suicide is the early theory as the likely manner of death , the officials said . Claiborne County Sheriff Marvin Lucas on Friday identified the man as Otis Byrd . Even though authorities have confirmed his name , they still have a lot of work ahead to figure out how Byrd died and who is responsible . "  It could take a week , it could take two weeks , it could take months , " Lucas said . Authorities expect to receive a preliminary report next week on what caused Byrd 's death , Donald Alway , special agent in charge of the FBI office in Jackson , said Friday afternoon at a press conference . He said 30 agents from the FBI , the Mississippi Bureau of Investigation and other agencies are looking for friends and family of the victim "  that might help paint a picture on the cause of death of Mr. Byrd . " Agents have finished searching the area where the body was found and are looking at a "  storage location " Byrd owned that might yield information , Alway said . Alway said the FBI is communicating with the family and wo n't comment on rumors circulating about the death . "  The community deserves answers , " he said . "  The family deserves answers . " The body was found at 10:21 a.m. Thursday , deep in a forest about 500 yards from the house Byrd was renting , according to Lucas . A skullcap had been pulled over his head , the sheriff said . That house was the last place where Byrd had been seen on March 2 , according to the sheriff . He was reported missing a week later , spurring a search . The body was found by staffers from the Mississippi Department of Wildlife , Fisheries and Parks who were taking part in the search , Lucas said . Thursday was the first time authorities looked specifically in the wooded area where the body was found , according to the sheriff . A family member who did not want to be identified said Byrd was not acting out of the ordinary in the days before he went missing . He went to church , he worked and occasionally ventured to a casino , according to the family member , who described Byrd as a "  good , hardworking man . " Byrd had been in prison . He was convicted in 1980 of murdering a woman , but was paroled in 2006 , according to the Mississippi Department of Corrections . No one has given any indication publicly whether Byrd had enemies . What distinguishes a suicidal hanging from a lynching ? Thomas Martin , a veteran crime scene investigator and president of Crime Scene Forensics LLC , said he knew nothing about the Mississippi case but had investigated other deaths by hanging or strangulation . Injuries to the dead person indicate lynching , he said , because it means the dead person struggled with other people before being hanged . When people are strangled by somebody else , investigators sometimes find the deceased has grabbed at the ligature and left finger marks and even bits of fingernails around his neck , he said . The direction of the ligature is another indicator , Martin said . When people hang themselves , the rope often rides up directly behind the ears , he said . When a person is hanged by other people , the ligature moves differently on the neck , he said . Martin said these are general observations and that "  the facts are what make or break the case . " Mississippi NAACP chapter President Derrick Johnson issued a statement calling on "  federal authorities to immediately investigate the hanging death of Mr. Otis Byrd . " The FBI already is looking into any federal civil rights violations and has a forensics team on the scene . The U.S. Department of Justice Civil Rights Division and U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Mississippi are also investigating , according to a spokeswoman for the Justice Department . The Mississippi Bureau of Investigation also is investigating . FBI Supervisory Special Agent Jason Pack told WAPT that "  it 's too early to say what happened or speculate about the cause or the manner " of death . "  We do n't know what happened out there , " Pack said . "  We do n't know if it was a suicide , if it was a homicide . That 's why we investigate these types of cases . " Lucas , who is himself African-American , said Friday that he 's worried people will jump to the conclusion that Byrd was murdered and that race was a factor . "  I do n't want the community to go excited saying it was a white-on-black thing . That 's the worst thing that can happen , is people making it into a race issue , " Lucas said . "  And that 's my biggest fear . And I do n't want that to happen . CNN 's Ed Lavandera and Jason Morris reported from Mississippi , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Evan Perez , Alexandra Jaffe and Wesley Bruer contributed to this report .	Law enforcement officials say evidence collected so far does n't suggest foul play Forensics expert talks about how evidence differs in suicides and lynchings FBI agent says a report on the cause of death is expected next week
CNN  -- The owner of a south Philadelphia cheesesteak shop who once instructed customers to order only in English has died , according to to relatives . Joey Vento had a heart attack at home and died Tuesday on the way to the hospital , said Joseph Perno , his nephew and manager of the shop . "  Things are a little somber tonight , " Perno told CNN affiliate KYW behind the grill at Geno 's . "  But he 's in our hearts . " Vento founded Geno 's in 1966 in Philadelphia , where it sits across the street from another cheesesteak shop , Pat 's King of Steaks . Pat 's claims to have invented the cheesesteak in 1933 , but both stores welcome a plethora of visitors to the City of Brotherly Love each year , and serve the popular steak sandwiches 24 hours a day , seven days a week . For more than 40 years , the rivals have been engaged in a friendly competition over who makes the city 's best cheesesteak . Geno 's became a popular stop for presidential candidates on the campaign trail and a photo gallery on the restaurant 's website shows employees posing with celebrities such as Oprah , Shaquille O'Neal and Ray Romano . Vento made national headlines in 2006 when he posted a sign on one of his restaurant 's windows that read , "  This is America . When ordering , please speak English . " The sign prompted the Philadelphia commission on human relations to file a discrimination suit . Vento said he was using "  common sense " by expecting Americans to speak English at his establishment , and refused to take down the sign . Two years after the controversy began , the suit was overturned . Since his death , fans are using Twitter and Facebook to leave messages . "  Joey Vento was a true American patriot , " one message read . Others paid tribute to his famed sandwiches . "  Thank you for making the world just a little bit better by being here . Now heaven will have the best cheesesteaks in the world !! RIP Joey "	Joey Vento has a heart attack at home and dies on the way to the hospital He made headlines in 2006 when he posted a sign urging his customers to speak English "  Things are a little somber tonight , " his nephew says Vento founded Geno 's in 1966 in Philadelphia
CNN  -- The No. 2 leader in a Marxist guerrilla group that has been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s has been killed in a military raid , President Juan Manuel Santos said Thursday . Victor Julio Suarez Rojas , also known as Jorge Briceno Suarez and by his nom de guerre Mono Jojoy , was the military leader for the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , commonly called the FARC . Firefights between the military and the FARC continued into Thursday night , Defense Minister Rodrigo Rivera told CNN en Español . Rivera called the site where the military raid took place "  the mother of all FARC camps . " The camp was 300 meters  1,000 feet  long and had a bunker reinforced with concrete in the middle , he said . There were 13 satellite camps around the main camp , he said . So far , authorities recovered 20 computers , 68 USB drives and three external hard drives that could hold valuable intelligence for authorities , Rivera said . At the camp , troops also found four tons of fresh food . Santos called the rebel leader 's death a "  historic " event . "  This is the biggest blow the FARC has suffered in its history , " Santos said from New York , where he is participating in meetings of the United Nations General Assembly . "  To the rest of the FARC , we are going after them , " Santos said . "  We are not going to rest . " Santos said that some 20 others were killed in the raid , but later Rivera clarified that by saying as of Thursday night , only seven bodies had been recovered . The army reported that another top rebel leader , Henry Castellanos , alias Romana , was also killed but later retracted the statement . The defense ministry will wait until all of the bodies are examined before confirming whether any other leaders were killed . "  The nightmare that he wanted to impose on Colombia is ended , " Santos said in a later speech . Suarez was a symbol of cruelty and inhumanity , he said . Details of the intelligence that led to the operation was not disclosed , but Rivera said that there would be a reward handed out in connection with the death of Suarez . The guerrilla leader was killed near the town of Macarena , in the southwestern Colombia state of Meta . The final operation against Suarez started early Wednesday , Rivera said , adding that officials had spent two sleepless nights awaiting the results . Five Colombian soldiers were wounded in the operation , which included heavy airstrikes , Rivera said at a news conference from Bogota , the nation 's capital . The guerrilla leader 's death was the FARC 's second major setback in the past few days . An airstrike over the weekend killed a high-ranking rebel commander who was wanted in the United States , police said . Sixto Antonio Cabana Guillen was among the more than two dozen guerrillas killed in a Colombian air force bombing operation Sunday , the National Police said Monday . The U.S. State Department had been offering a reward of up to $ 2.5 million for information leading to his arrest or conviction . Cabana , as a top member of the FARC , helped set policies directing and controlling the production and distribution of hundreds of tons of cocaine to the United States and the world , according to a statement on the State Department 's website . Speaking at Thursday 's news conference in Bogota , Rivera urged FARC leader Guillermo Leon Saenz , known as Alfonso Cano , to surrender . "  We guarantee your life , " Rivera said . "  We guarantee just treatment . " Regardless , Rivera vowed , the war against the FARC will continue . "  They have robbed us of nearly 50 years as a nation , " he said . "  We are going to end the narco-terrorist FARC nightmare . " Suarez , who was believed to be 47 , joined the FARC as a teenager and rose through the ranks to become commander of one of the rebels ' seven fighting divisions . He became a top commander in the early 1990s , when he was appointed as one of the FARC 's seven-member general secretariat . He eventually became the FARC 's military commander in chief . Although he was considered the No. 2 person in the rebel group , Suarez had much more military experience and time served in the FARC than its leader , Cano , who was appointed to the general secretariat as the result of a deal with the Colombian communist party . In recent years , Suarez had been in charge of holding significant prisoners and kidnap victims in jungle camps . He also was in direct command of units responsible for the deaths of three Americans in 1999 . He was under indictment in the United States for those deaths as well as drug-trafficking charges . Suarez also was the first FARC commander to order in the late 1980s or early 1990s that the rebels collect a tax from peasant farmers on coca plant cultivation . That , analysts say , marked the start of the FARC 's wholesale involvement in drug trafficking . CNN 's Karl Penhaul contributed to this report .	Army retracts claim that another leader was also killed Guerrillas suffer second major setback in the past few days The guerrilla leader was widely known as Mono Jojoy He was the No. 2 leader in the FARC guerrilla group
CNN  -- Authorities have charged an Owosso , Michigan , man with two counts of first-degree premeditated murder in the Friday shooting deaths of an anti-abortion activist and another man , a prosecutor 's office said . Activist Jim Pouillon was shot and killed Friday while protesting outside Owosso High School . Authorities say the suspect , Harlan James Drake , was offended by anti-abortion material that the activist had displayed across from the school all week . Drake , 33 , is accused of shooting anti-abortion activist Jim Pouillon , 63 , and Michael Fuoss , 61 , who were killed in separate locations Friday morning , the prosecutor 's office in Shiawassee County said . Authorities also have charged Drake with a felony firearm count and carrying a dangerous weapon with unlawful intent , the prosecutor 's office said . Drake also is suspected of "  attempting to locate a third victim without success , " the office said . He was arraigned Friday and is being held without bail , the office said . It was not immediately known whether he had an attorney . Pouillon , whose anti-abortion activity was well-known in the area , was protesting across the street from Owosso High School about 7:20 a.m. Friday when he was killed by several shots fired from a passing vehicle , Owosso Police Chief Michael Compeau said . Watch Compeau talk about the incident " Several people witnessed the shooting , and one was able to provide a license number , he said . About an hour later , Owosso police officers found the suspect , Compeau said . "  At the time of his arrest , the suspect made statements that he was involved in another homicide in Shiawassee County the same day , " he said . Sheriff George Braidwood said a call had come to a 911 dispatch center about 8:17 a.m. saying that an employee at Fuoss Gravel , outside Owosso , had discovered the owner , Michael Fuoss , dead . He had been shot several times , Braidwood said . Authorities believe that Fuoss and the suspect knew each other , Braidwood said . According to Sara Edwards of the county prosecutor 's office , authorities do not believe that Drake knew Pouillon . Operation Save America , the anti-abortion group of which Pouillon was a member , said in a written statement that he was "  well known for his love of Christ and unborn children . " The Owosso school district went into immediate lockdown after the shooting outside of the high school and remained so until the suspect was in custody , Compeau said The high school 's administration offered parents the option of picking up their children , he said . All after-school activities were canceled , he added . Owosso , a town of about 15,000 people , is about 25 miles west of Flint , Michigan . CNN 's Eden Pontz , Laura Dolan and Jean Shin contributed to this report .	NEW : Harlan James Drake , 33 , arraigned in shootings Anti-abortion protester was killed outside Owosso high school Suspect said he was "  involved in another homicide , " sheriff says Business owner found dead at gravel company outside town
Washington  CNN  Maryland authorities said Wednesday that a former state correctional officer has been arrested in connection with a recent spate of shootings , including one on the Intercounty Connector in Maryland and one at Fort Meade , where the National Security Agency office is located . Officers stopped Hong Young , 35 , of Beltsville , Maryland , at around 10:30 p.m. Tuesday . The officers recognized Hong 's vehicle -- a 1999 Lincoln Town Car -- as matching authorities ' description of a car seen in surveillance footage near some of the shootings . A gun in the car matched evidence found at the shootings , authorities said at a press conference , and Young was arrested . Young is in the hospital and under police guard , though when reporters asked why he was being treated , officials would only say he was arrested without incident . He is charged with attempted first-degree murder , first - and second-degree assault , weapons violations and reckless endangerment . Young worked as a correctional officer at a Jessup facility from 2012 until his resignation in 2014 , Maryland Secretary of Public Safety Stephen Moyer said . There was nothing significant in his employee file , Moyer said . Police said that there are no links to terrorism , and no motive has been determined . No one was killed in the five shooting incidents , four of which occurred Monday and Tuesday , according to police reports . -- February 24 in Hanover , Maryland . a man who had stopped at a Costco said a man pulled up beside him in a Lincoln Town Car at 7:30 a.m. and began firing at him . The victim 's vehicle was hit several times and the victim was grazed . The assailant drove away . -- March 2 in Laurel , Maryland . Police received a call at 2:50 a.m. that shots had been fired at a Walmart . There were no damages or injuries . -- March 2 in Columbia , Maryland . A call came in to law enforcement at 4:51 a.m.a bout shots fired at a movie theater at Columbia Mall . Surveillance footage captured a Lincoln Town Car at about the same time shots were fired , police said . Though several employees were there , no one was hurt , authorities said . There were bullet holes in the theater glass and a shell casing was found at the scene . -- March 3 in Prince George 's County . Multiple shots were fired at an overpass on the InterCounty Connector in the afternoon , striking a tree service truck with two passengers inside . -- March 3 at Fort Meade . Shots struck a building near the NSA office at about 6 p.m. Along with the gun , evidence shows Young was the shooter in all but the Walmart incident , though that investigation is continuing , police said . Though no one was killed in the incidents , they stirred memories of the deadly Washington , D.C.-area sniper attacks in 2002 . Ten people were killed in Washington , Maryland and Virginia during that rampage , which went on for three weeks . CNN 's Holly Yan and Laurie Ure contributed to this report .	Hong Young , 35 , is under police guard at a hospital , police said He is charged with attempted first-degree murder , assault and other charges
CNN  -- Several sitting governors might be contenders in the 2016 presidential election . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo have given indications they are thinking of running , although they have n't announced candidacies at this very early stage of the contest . Both are serious candidates . Christie , a Republican , has demonstrated his ability to handle the heat from the national spotlight and he has positioned himself as a tough , northeastern budget cutter who can appeal to moderate Republican voters and disaffected Democrats . Cuomo , a Democrat , has earned considerable praise for advancing a brand of pragmatic liberalism by championing issues like same-sex marriage , progressive tax reform and rent regulation while also fighting to reduce spending , taking on public unions and reforming government . Each governor faces some difficult challenges within their states . Over the past week , Cuomo has watched as a massive political scandal has unfolded within the Democratic Party , centering on an official who tried to bribe his way into becoming a candidate in the mayoral election of New York . The stories coming out of the state suggest the culture of Albany might not have become as different as Cuomo has claimed . Christie also finds himself in the national spotlight after the release of a shocking video showing the coach of the Rutgers University basketball team berating and hitting his players . The revelation that Rutgers officials knew about this behavior for at least a year has led to calls for the resignation of top administrators at the state-funded university , including the president . Thus far , Christie has backed away from calls to have the president removed , though he has used some tough rhetoric in his comments about the coach . Other governors are thinking of running as well . For example , Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , a Democrat , is gaining some national attention by pushing his state to the left on a number of key issues , including a proposal to repeal the death penalty and the recent passage of sweeping gun control legislation . Bobby Jindal , governor of Louisiana , has long been considered a potential superstar for the GOP . O'Malley has received some flak from the right for his fiscal record in the state , while Jindal 's falling approval ratings in Louisiana could pose a big problem for a national run . The governors need to handle these challenges with extreme caution and each must make sure that his record as the chief executive of his state , always one of the biggest selling points for governors running for president , does not turn into an albatross that brings his candidacy down . In 1988 , Massachusetts Gov. Michael Dukakis ran for the presidency against Vice President George H.W. Bush . Dukakis started his campaign by touting his role in bringing about the "  Massachusetts Miracle , " the revitalization of the state 's economy around high-tech industries along Route 128 . At first , Republicans were worried that his record could allow the governor to position himself as a new kind of Democrat , someone who understood how to nurture economic growth and whose economic policies offered a model of smart government investment as an attractive alternative to Reagan 's free-market economics . But Massachusetts , miracle and all , soon turned into a nightmare for the Democrat . Vice President Bush and his aggressive campaign staff found ways to rip apart his record in the state and they used it to defeat him . Some of the attacks were vicious , taking aspects of the state government 's record and twisting them into devastating campaign arguments . The Republicans , for instance , pointed to a law that Dukakis had vetoed as governor that would have required teachers to conduct the Pledge of Allegiance with their class . Dukakis had been told in no uncertain terms that such a law would be unconstitutional . The Republicans highlighted the veto to paint Dukakis as a liberal of the far left variety . Bush adviser Lee Atwater also put together a television ad focusing on a program that a Republican governor who served before Dukakis had put into place that granted prisoners short furloughs . One prisoner , Willie Horton , had killed a man and raped his fiancÃ © during his time out of prison . The famous ad , playing on racial fears , focused on the program , presenting it as one of Dukakis ' legacies . Vice President Bush targeted the pollution in Boston Harbor to question Dukakis ' environmental record . "  Two-hundred years ago tea was spilled in the Boston Harbor in the name of liberty . If tea were spilled in the Boston Harbor today , " Bush said , "  it would dissolve in the residue of my opponent 's neglect and delay . " As economic conditions changed , Bush pointed to evidence that the state was starting to falter . Combined with reports of a looming budget deficit , Republicans used the data to challenge the very centerpiece of Dukakis ' campaign . In 2012 , another man who served as Massachusetts governor , Mitt Romney , suffered from similar challenges . Romney 's signature legislation as governor , the health care program of Massachusetts , undercut some of his ability to challenge President Obama on this issue . His record of increased "  fees " in the state and problems with the economy also became fodder for the primaries and general election . The condition and record of their states almost always becomes the prism through which presidential candidates who are sitting governors are evaluated . Sometimes governors use this to their advantage , like Bill Clinton in 1992 and George W. Bush in 2000 . But often the states can turn into a problem . Cuomo , O'Malley , Jindal and Christie , who still have to decide whether to run , need to handle these challenges with extreme caution . If they do n't , they might find themselves suffering the fate of Dukakis , who , like them , was once touted as the most exciting voice of his party . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Christie , Cuomo , Jindal could run for 2016 nominations He says governors come under special scrutiny for their in-state records In 1988 , Massachusetts Gov. Dukakis was harshly criticized for his record The attacks , many of them unfair , helped sink his candidacy , Zelizer says
CNN  -- For one minute on Wednesday night , the marquee lights of Broadway went dark in honor of Philip Seymour Hoffman 's memory . The 46-year-old actor was a respected and vital member of New York 's theater community , as was evidenced by the outpouring of mourners who showed up for a candlelight vigil held by the LAByrinth Theatre Company , of which Hoffman was a member and an artistic director . He was found dead in his New York apartment of an apparent drug overdose Sunday . The Philip Seymour Hoffman we did n't know "  We come together in a spirit of terrible mourning and incredible loss , " LAByrinth member and Jesuit priest Father Jim Martin told the crowd gathered in front of the Bank Street Theater . "  But we also come together to celebrate a remarkable life . " Across Hollywood , a number of Hoffman 's colleagues are offering similar tributes as they cope with his death . Philip Seymour Hoffman : Piecing together his final hours "  It 's a shock , a total shock , " Hoffman 's "  Hunger Games " co-star Elizabeth Banks told "  Extra ! " on Wednesday . "  He was an incredible actor ; everyone respected and loved him . I really enjoyed my time with him . We were playing against each other in Candy Crush just last week . So I 'm really , really , really sad . " And to Aaron Sorkin , another venerated creator whose bond with Hoffman cemented during their work on 2007 's "  Charlie Wilson 's War , " Hoffman 's death may become someone else 's saving grace . In a tribute in Time magazine , Sorkin recalls the "  mini-AA meetings " he and Hoffman would have on the Paramount lot while on breaks , stretches of time where they could share stories as fathers of young kids and as recovering drug addicts . "  I told him I felt lucky because I 'm squeamish and ca n't handle needles . He told me to stay squeamish , " Sorkin writes . "  And he said this : ` If one of us dies of an overdose , probably 10 people who were about to wo n't . ' He meant that our deaths would make news and maybe scare someone clean . " In the end , Sorkin believes , that will be added to his already astonishing history . "  Hoffman  did n't die because he was partying too hard or because he was depressed -- he died because he was an addict on a day of the week with a ` y ' in it , " Sorkin said . "  He 'll have his well-earned legacy -- his Willy Loman that belongs on the same shelf with Lee J. Cobb 's and Dustin Hoffman 's , his Jamie Tyrone , his Truman Capote and his Academy Award . Let 's add to that 10 people who were about to die who wo n't now . "	On February 5 , Broadway dimmed its lights for Philip Seymour Hoffman A candlelight vigil was held outside his theater company Hoffman 's "  Hunger Games " co-star Elizabeth Banks is in a state of shock Aaron Sorkin believes his death will help keep others from abusing drugs
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Nicolas Cage 's son is scheduled to be released from a Los Angeles hospital this weekend where he was treated while on a psychiatric hold after a violent incident outside a Hollywood restaurant Tuesday . But Weston Cage 's mother , Christina Fulton , is asking his doctor to recommend her 20-year-old son be kept at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center for another two weeks , she told CNN Friday . "  I do not want him with Nicolas Cage , " Fulton said . "  I do not want him in that care . That is not the care my son needs . " Fulton is suing Nicolas Cage over unpaid taxes and the Hollywood home where she raised their son , who court documents say suffers from "  a number of mental , psychological and physical ailments . " Weston Cage , in a statement delivered through his father 's lawyer Friday afternoon , said that he did not want his mother to be involved in his care . "  I am an adult , " Weston Cage said . "  I do n't want to have anything to do with my mother . Any problems that I have ever had is because of the relationship that I had with my mother . " When Fulton heard the quote , she called it "  an absolute disgrace " that the lawyer would solicit such a statement from her son while he was under a psychiatric hold , deemed legally incompetent . "  My son is under a spell , he 's under a trance , " Fulton said . "  Weston would say whatever his dad wants him to say . " Fulton blames Nicolas Cage for what she said is her son 's downward spiral since he turned 18 and was no longer under her legal guardianship . "  It 's his dad 's fault that he 's in the hospital , " Fulton said . "  He had his chance . He had his chance to make it right . My son had a healthy environment here . He had a system that was fantastic . I built that with myself and my team . " A member of that team of caregivers was Kevin Villegas , whom Fulton hired as her son 's personal wrestling coach when he was in high school . She said she fired Villegas three years ago , but Nicolas Cage rehired him . Villegas is now under investigation for the brutal and public beating of Weston Cage on a Hollywood sidewalk Tuesday afternoon . Los Angeles detectives will present their findings to a prosecutor who will decide if Kevin Villegas , who was employed as Cage 's trainer , will be charged , a police spokesman told CNN . CNN has been unable to contact Villegas for comment . Cell phone videos , which have been posted online , indicated that the violence started when Cage attempted to kick Villegas when the trainer objected to the food he wanted to order at a restaurant . The video showed Cage being repeatedly hit as he was pinned down on the sidewalk . Nicolas Cage , in a statement given CNN by his spokeswoman Friday , called Fulton 's comments blaming him for his son 's psychiatric troubles "  unfortunate and inappropriate . " "  This is a time to focus only on giving love and full support to Weston , not an opportunity to lay blame on his father , a man who loves his son very deeply , " Cage said . Fulton , who separated from Cage after their son was born , said the father was rarely around for her son growing up , while she dealt with his medical and psychological issues . "  For 18 years , I raised Weston so Nicolas could go be Nicolas Cage , and go be a superstar , and he did , " she said . "  So I raised this boy , 24-7 we were glued to the hip . " After Weston 's 18th birthday , his father "  orchestrated " his son 's removal from her care by convincing the employees she hired to work for him and giving him his own home and money , Fulton said . "  They all go work with Nicolas Cage because he has the money and he has the bank account and he has the fame , and I do n't , " she said . Weston 's special needs were not being met without her , she said . "  My son right now has been under the care of Nicolas , " she said . "  That did n't work . It 's very obvious it did n't work . It failed miserably , failed miserably . " Cage 's lawyer , Martin Singer , said Fulton 's lawsuit against Cage is her motivation for attacking her son 's father . "  Ms. Fulton comments about Mr. Cage are absurd and it 's very unfortunate that she would lash out like this because her son does not want to have anything to do with her , " Singer said . "  This is clearly all about money for Ms. Fulton . " Fulton 's lawyer told CNN she would file for conservatorship of her son next week so she could ensure he will get the care he needs when he is eventually released from the psychiatric hold . "  I 'd like my son to be with his mom , where it worked , " Fulton said . "  I 'd like my son to be in an environment where it worked . You know , 18 years of being successful , 18 years of watching my son respond to all the medical intervention that I have given him and all the support . Why would you mess with that ? Why would you interfere with that ? My son needs to be home . "	Christina Fulton to seek conservatorship for 20-year-old son with Nicolas Cage Weston Cage is on a psychiatric hold after a violent Hollywood incident "  I do n't want to have anything to do with my mother , " Weston Cage tells CNN "  Weston would say whatever his dad wants him to say , " his mother says
CNN Student News  -- August 15 , 2014 You know that current events are at the core of our coverage on CNN Student News , and today 's show has them . But we 're also including stories that involve mathematics and engineering , as we report on the Fields Medal and the 100th anniversary of a canal that bridged two oceans . We 'll also show you how one Minnesota couple literally took the plunge to exchange vows . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Check this space for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . 1 . In which Middle Eastern country is Mount Sinjar located ? 2 . What manmade waterway , joining the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans , was opened 100 years ago ? 3 . What award was recently presented to Maryam Mirzakhani for her research in mathematics ? 4 . In what U.S. state has the town of Ferguson seen unrest since a shooting on August 9 ? 5 . Tim Howard has been nicknamed "  secretary of defense " for his performance at what international soccer tournament ? 6 . The spread of what deadly virus has prompted the World Health Organization to ethically approve the use of experimental drug treatment ? 7 . What American actor voiced the character of Ramon in Happy Feet ? 8 . The NASA telescope "  NuStar " has been searching for evidence of what mysterious , celestial phenomenon ? 9 . What organization oversees and makes the rules for most college sports in the U.S. ? 10 . What neighboring country recently attempted to send a convoy of 280 trucks to Ukraine ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
Hollywood celebrated television 's best and brightest at the 61st Emmy Awards on Sunday night . "  Gossip Girl " Blake Lively was the night 's best-dressed in a pailette-encrusted Versace gown . While many actresses played it safe in classic cuts and neutral colors , there were a few standouts , mostly young stars who brought excitement to an otherwise ordinary red carpet . "  Gossip Girl " Blake Lively was the night 's best dressed in a pailette-encrusted Versace gown with a plunging neckline and thigh-high slit . With this bold choice , Lively secured her place as Hollywood 's sexiest young star -- a style icon in the making . Lively 's "  Gossip Girl " co-star Leighton Meester , another style star to watch , opted for a less overtly sexy look . Meester showed just enough skin in a delicately draped , goddess-inspired gown by Bottega Veneta . Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series nominee Debra Messing chose a ruby-hued , Swarovski-encrusted column gown by Michael Kors . Not surprisingly , red was one of the night 's hottest trends and "  The Starter Wife " star 's take was simple and elegant . See photos of the best dressed from the red carpet " Best Actress nominee Drew Barrymore went for pure old Hollywood glamour in a classic strapless design from Monique Lhuillier . The "  Grey Gardens " star 's dress stood out on the red carpet thanks to its unexpected blush color and 41embroidered tulle details . "  Damages " star Rose Byrne looked breathtaking in a frothy , princess-like design by Valentino . The Outstanding Supporting Actress nominee made the ethereal crystal-embellished tulle gown look perfectly modern by pairing it with sleek , natural hair and subtle makeup . "  Big Love " had a big night with two of the show 's stars making waves on the red carpet . Known for her adventurous fashion choices , Chloe Sevigny chose a classic one-shoulder cut in a non-traditional polka-dot print . Her co-star Ginnifer Goodwin also wowed , in a sexy fuchsia Yves Saint Laurent gown with an exaggerated sweetheart neckline . Watch CNN 's Alan Duke talk about celebrity swag " A surprising addition to this year 's best dressed was reality-TV star Kim Kardashian . While she often looks over-the-top , Kardashian kept it simple in a white , one-sleeve gown with a '70s feel by designer Ina Soltani . She was one of a few stars to take a fashion risk that really worked on the red carpet . Other daring red-carpet standouts were January Jones , who ditched her prim and proper 1960s Mad Men wardrobe in favor of an edgy Versace with a futuristic glass-beaded bustier , and Olivia Wilde , who chose a one-shoulder lace gown with uber-revealing cutouts by Marchesa . The only envelopes pushed tonight were those between presenters and award winners . That said , Hollywood 's new crop of young stars brought fresh fashion to the red carpet . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	InStyle picks the best dressed from the red carpet at the Primetime Emmys Nominee Debra Messing chose a ruby-hued column gown by Michael Kors Surprising addition to best dressed was reality-TV star Kim Kardashian
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigeria is second only to South Africa as the country with the highest number of HIV/AIDS sufferers ; one would have thought a better gift for the New Year from the government to its people would be to urge the national legislature to pass the anti HIV-discrimination bill that has been with them for a while . But alas , what the people received was a bill that further exposes them to violence and discrimination . While the signing of the bill has generated much reaction on both sides , most of its supporters have based their arguments on religion and African values , forgetting that what binds the nation together is not the divergence of religions but the respect for humanity that is enshrined in the 1999 constitution . What the same-sex marriage  prohibition  bill in fact does is negate the principle of fundamental human rights of association , expression and dignity . When a law does this , it runs the risk of breeding anarchy , an experience that people who are or are merely perceived to be gay know all too much about in the form of blackmail , extortion and fear of arrest . The law also acts against the principle of public health . With rates of HIV infection and AIDS running at 3.7 % for the general population , and 17.2 % among gay men , criminalizing organizations providing intervention for this population puts all Nigerians in jeopardy . Another thing to note is about the public perception of the law : while many perceive there 's casual acceptance by many Nigerians of the bill , in fact many of those who have commented on the bill have not even read it . Aside from the fact that sections of this law are in direct violation of our fundamental human rights -- freedom of expression and assembly , freedom to have a private and family life -- and set back the provision of healthcare services , they effectively signify that it is open season to attack the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  LGBT  community and mainstream society in general . Already 10 people have been arrested for their perceived sexual orientation by law enforcement agencies across Nigeria , a human rights group said . The witch hunt to arrest many more by forcing names out of those arrested is also gathering momentum . The disturbing factor here is on what basis these individuals were arrested ; we believe most have been detained due to anonymous tips that are inaccurate in most cases . Many more of these violations of human rights will take place if this law is not repealed ; blackmail and extortion will become commonplace against LGBT people and the Nigerians at large and little will be done to ensure that organizations providing healthcare service for this population are able to carry out their work in responding to the HIV/AIDs epidemic in the country . We therefore implore the Nigerian President and his good government to repeal this law , which , we fear , could blow into an unbearable catastrophe for Nigeria and its citizens . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Olumide Femi Makanjuola .	Nigeria is country with 2nd most HIV/AIDS sufferers Anti-gay crackdown will damage public health , says Olumide Femi Makanjuola 10 people have been arrested in the crackdown More violations of human rights will take place if law not repealed , he says
CNN  -- A Vietnam War veteran killed in an Iraq roadside bombing this week has become the oldest American service member to be killed in either Iraq or Afghan combat , the Pentagon has confirmed . Maj. Steven Hutchison died in a roadside bomb attack last Sunday near Basra , Iraq . Maj. Steven Hutchison -- a 60-year-old soldier from Scottsdale , Arizona -- died Sunday in the southern Iraqi city of Basra after a bomb went off near his vehicle in the region . Hutchison spanned two war eras . He enlisted in the Army at 19 and served in Vietnam , according to a news report on CNN affiliate KNXV-TV . Hutchison wanted to serve again after the September 11 attacks , but his wife opposed that . His wife died of breast cancer in 2006 , and Hutchison was "  devastated , " his brother Richard Hutchison told KNXV . Steve Hutchison jogged , got into great physical shape and returned to Army active duty at age 57 in Afghanistan and then Iraq . He had been assigned to the 2nd Battalion , 34th Armor Regiment , 1st Brigade Combat Team , 1st Infantry Division , Fort Riley , Kansas . "  He 's been a soldier his whole life , " Richard Hutchison said .	Maj. Steven Hutchison , age 60 , killed by roadside bomb Hutchison joined Army at age 19 , served in Vietnam Major returned to active duty at age 57
The Hollywood Reporter  A trailer for Zack Snyder 's upcoming "  Batman v. Superman : Dawn of Justice " leaked online on Thursday before quickly being taken down minutes later . A YouTube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer , which had Spanish subtitles on the screen . The trailer begins with a commentator 's voice asking , "  Is it really surprising that the most powerful man in the world should be a figure of controversy ? " As footage of Superman plays , numerous commentators ' voices overlap one another with their opinions of the superheroes , including "  We as a population on this planet have been looking for a savior " and "  Maybe he 's just a guy trying to do the right thing . " Ryan Gosling in talks to star in "  Blade Runner " sequel A blurred image of Ben Affleck 's face appears shortly before a masked Batman appears , followed by the two superheroes coming face to face . The highly anticipated footage was set to premiere in Imax theaters on Monday . On Wednesday morning , Snyder teased the trailer by releasing a short excerpt on Twitter . "  Batman v. Superman : Dawn of Justice " will be released on March 25 , 2016 and stars Affleck as Batman and Henry Cavill as Superman . The film also stars Amy Adams . How much it costs to get Mark Hamill 's autograph at "  Star Wars " celebration © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	"  Batman v. Superman : Dawn of Justice " trailer leaked Thursday before being yanked offline Film will be released on March 25 , 2016 and stars Ben Affleck and Henry Cavill
Washington  CNN  -- As they talked publicly in generalities about a smooth transition to a new government in Egypt , U.S. officials have been working behind the scenes on ways to "  move that process forward , " a national security spokesman said . Top members of the Obama administration stated Thursday their desire for embattled Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to leave office and for inclusive negotiations to begin immediately with his political opponents . National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor added that U.S. officials have also discussed with Egyptian officials "  a variety of different ways " in which that new government could take shape . But Vietor stressed "  all of those decisions must be made by the Egyptian people . " A senior Obama administration official knocked down a New York Times report that the Egyptians and Americans were near consensus on a specific proposal . "  It 's simply wrong to report that there 's a single U.S. plan that 's being negotiated with the Egyptians , " the official said . U.S. officials have made clear in recent days their desire to jumpstart talks between opposition and ruling forces in order to lay the groundwork as soon as possible for a governmental transition . That includes pressuring , besides Mubarak 's government , opposition groups to engage immediately in talks . Mubarak has announced he will not seek re-election in September . Protesters , however , continue to demand that he step down immediately , with a caretaker unity government running the country until the fall elections . While some , like former Foreign Minister and Arab League Secretary General Amr Moussa , believe concessions made by Mubarak presented an opportunity to build upon , members of the opposition Muslim Brotherhood have insisted no talks should take place until the president leaves office . "  It 's time for both of them to roll up their sleeves , " a senior State Department official said . "  The government has to take some steps , but the opposition has to be willing to participate in negotiations as well . " Egyptian Vice President Omar Suleiman made "  important statements " about a political dialogue , the senior official said . Still , he added that the Egyptian government should allow the opposition to bring its own ideas , rather than dictate the pace and scope of a transformation to democracy . The urgent call for talks comes as the Egyptian government pushed back on what it described as "  vague " statements from the Obama administration about the pace of transition . An Egyptian government official told CNN the White House has shown support for its "  roadmap " for a transition up to when Mubarak 's term ends in September , but said President Obama 's calls for an "  orderly transition " are at odds with his call for an immediate one . The official said Mubarak is seen as a "  receding figure " in Egyptian politics , but warned that deposing him immediately would lead to a murky political process that would make free and fair elections difficult . According to the Egyptian constitution , the presidency would be transferred to the speaker of the parliament if Mubarak leaves power without enacting certain legislative and constitutional reforms . "  Institutionally , there is support in Egypt for this roadmap among the military , vice president and prime minister , " said the Egyptian official . U.S. officials said they believe what transpires Friday -- when another massive anti-government protest is expected -- will be an important barometer on whether serious negotiations can take place . Demonstrators may be less willing to talk if attacked . "  It 's hard to imagine if there is a day of very bad violence , it will lead to the type of dialogue that needs to take place , " the senior State Department official said . These backroom discussions involving the U.S. and Egyptian political players come as the White House and legislators stepped up their public pressure on Mubarak 's regime . On Thursday , Vice President Joe Biden talked with Suleiman and pressed him that "  credible , inclusive negotiations  should  begin immediately " with opposition political groups , a statement from Biden 's office said . That sentiment was reiterated by White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs , who told reporters "  it is important that we all begin to see meaningful steps , and that negotiations take place between the  current  government and a broadly based group of members of the opposition as we work through the transition toward free and fair elections . " U.S. lawmakers have also chimed in , with foreign policy veterans Sens. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , and John McCain , R-Arizona , among those calling for Mubarak to step aside for the sake of his country and people . Thursday night , the U.S. Senate gave unanimous approval to a resolution calling for Mubarak to "  immediately begin an orderly and peaceful transition to a democratic political system , including the transfer of power to an inclusive interim caretaker government , in coordination with leaders from Egypt 's opposition , civil society , and military , to enact the necessary reforms to hold free , fair , and internationally credible elections this year . " The Obama administration also sharply condemned the violence that erupted Wednesday in Cairo , when pro-Mubarak supporters attacked anti-government protesters . At least eight people were killed and 836 injured , according to the Egyptian Health Ministry . State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Thursday "  elements close to the government or ruling party " carried out the violence . "  I do n't think we have a sense of how far up the chain it went , " he noted . The United States continues to walk a fine diplomatic line in the crisis , encouraging Mubarak to transition from power while stopping short of publicly asking him to step down . Officials say the restraint is needed because the White House is mindful that allies in the Middle East are concerned about American loyalty . Government contacts have expressed reservations about how vocal the Obama administration has been in pressing Mubarak , a close American ally of three decades . Other regional allies are concerned about how quickly the United States might turn on them if protests start in their countries , the State Department officials said . The White House , meanwhile , has made a deliberate decision to let Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , take the lead role in communicating with the Egyptian military about its role in the current unrest , according to two senior U.S. officials . Mullen has not told Egyptian military leaders to pressure Mubarak to step down , the officials insisted to CNN . "  That 's not his role , " one official said . Mullen is , however , trying to push the Egyptian military to maintain security , not move against peaceful protesters , and keep the violence from escalating . The U.S. government believes Mubarak will not issue a direct order to the Egyptian army to do anything because he is uncertain his orders would be followed , one official with very direct knowledge of evolving U.S. policy in the crisis told CNN . A refusal on the part of the army to obey Mubarak would spell the end of the Egyptian leader 's rule , the official noted . At that point , Mubarak would have to leave the country . The U.S. belief right now , the official said , is that Suleiman is letting the army feel it is "  representing the flag of the nation " in trying to help without making a massive move against the government . While Mullen is communicating with his Egyptian counterparts , the CIA has set up its own task force to monitor the crisis . "  The Central Intelligence Agency always surges personnel and resources as needed to meet any crisis head-on . This situation is no different , and we 've established a Middle East Task Force , " CIA spokeswoman Jennifer Youngblood said . "  Our 24/7 operations are focused on ensuring we provide the best possible insights and freshest intelligence to policymakers , " she said . The chaotic situation has raised concerns that terrorist entities could try to exploit the situation . "  People are watching for signs that terrorists or militant groups might try to take advantage of the situation in Cairo and launch attacks , " a U.S. official noted . "  We expect groups like al Qaeda to take advantage of instability anywhere as a means to promote their cause publicly . " Overall , the Obama administration is handling the Egyptian crisis relatively well so far , according to Nicholas Burns , a former Clinton State Department official . "  We 've got to stand up , as the president is doing , for reform and democracy , " Burns told CNN . The U.S. government needs to "  use our influence behind the scenes , and we 've got a lot of influence there with President Mubarak to move him towards a fast transition . " Burns noted the importance of Egypt in terms of the Arab-Israeli conflict , shipments through the Suez Canal , and the containment of Iran , among other things . "  We 've got to preserve those very real American interests , " he said . "  This is about as difficult a challenge diplomatically as I think we have seen in many years . " Michael Rubin , an analyst at the conservative American Enterprise Institute , said that while it 's "  tempting to try to score political points " in the current crisis , he 's not sure Obama has responded any differently than a Republican president would have in a similar situation . In terms of backing Mubarak , all of Obama 's predecessors "  kicked the can down the road until the road ran out , " he said . The real difficulty , Rubin said , will come in the months ahead as U.S. policymakers try to prevent Egypt from following the path Iran took after 1979 , when the fall of Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi led to the rise of the fundamentalist regime still in power today . The U.S. needs to make clear the Egyptian elections happen "  come hell or high water , " Rubin said , but at the same pushing to ensure armed extremist militias are n't allowed to claim the mantle of democratic legitimacy . CNN 's Elise Labott , Kate Bolduan , Alan Silverleib , Jill Dougherty , Barbara Starr , Pam Benson , Tom Cohen , Dana Bash and Adam Levine contributed to this report .	NEW : A U.S. official says Egypt 's government and the opposition should talk now NEW : An Egyptian official chastises the U.S. for "  vague " statements on the transition U.S. , Egyptian officials discuss ways to "  move " the political process , a spokesman says U.S. officials , lawmakers have upped their public pressure on Mubarak 's government
CNN  -- After you 've had a major showdown between good and evil , killed off a major character and broken ratings records , what do you do for an encore ? That 's one big question on the minds of the legions of fans of "  The Walking Dead " going into the fourth season premiere on Sunday . Last season , the show ranked as the No. 1 scripted show on television , a first for cable , and certainly something no one would have predicted for a series about a zombie apocalypse . The show returns with new showrunner Scott Gimple and without the latest victims of the walkers : Andrea , Merle and Milton .  There 's also the promise of a spinoff set in a different location during the apocalypse , due to arrive in 2015 . Executive producer Gale Anne Hurd spoke to CNN about what to expect this season . CNN : After all of the events of last season , where do we find our survivors now ? Hurd : The survivors have essentially taken residence in the prison and realized that , at the moment anyway , that is the safest haven . They need to integrate new members . CNN : And where is Rick 's head at now ? Hurd : As we like to say , Rick spent a little time in "  Crazytown " last season . But he 's always someone who will step up if necessary . This season , he 's in a very different place . He realizes that perhaps the most important role in the zombie apocalypse is that of a good father . He needs to raise Carl not to be a trigger-happy child soldier , and his baby , Judith , he 's taking that responsibility very seriously . CNN : Last we saw the Governor , he massacred many of his followers from Woodbury and drove off to parts unknown with a few loyalists . Will we find out what became of him ? Hurd : We definitely get a sense that he is out there . No one has forgotten and forgiven what he 's done . Some people have moved on . As to what he 's up to , as the season develops , we 'll certainly get some insights into that . I ca n't say when we 'll find out , but we 'll find out . The Governor is pretty formidable . We know he 's out there , and he 's not one to give up a grudge . CNN : With a good number of the original main characters deceased , we 're seeing the possibilities of new characters emerging , like the Woodbury survivors now living in the prison . Hurd : Some of the people are already significant characters in the comic book , people like Tyreese . We did n't have enough bandwidth last season to spend much time getting to know him . Now we have the time to do that . We will also explore those who used to live in Woodbury . CNN : Will we learn new things about the nature of the walkers ? Hurd : What has n't changed is they have n't developed into super-fast walkers . We have very much the same rules for them , but some of them are more desiccated than ever . They 're more ravenous than ever , and there are a lot more of them . We 'll get to see how that plays out very quickly . CNN : What is showrunner Scott Gimple bringing to the new season ? Hurd : Scott Gimple has been in the writers ' room since season two . So he 's someone who is very deep into the show . He was a fan of the comic book from the time it came out , and it 's celebrating its 10th anniversary . What he focuses on incredibly well is the juxtaposition between the epic scope of a zombie apocalypse -- which people will see very quickly in the first episode of the new season -- and making sure that with our characters this season , we 'll see how they handle escalating threats , as well as what decisions they make , both for themselves , the people they love and their allegiance to the group . CNN : Of course , there are a few characters in particular that hold a lot of interest for the fans . What 's the status of Glenn and Maggie 's relationship ? Hurd : They 're the example of love among the ruins . As long as love exists , there 's hope . We 'll see if their relationship strengthens in times of calm , or is it strongest in times of crisis ? Do they see the world from the same perspective or will different outlooks create conflict between them ? CNN : And of course , Daryl Dixon 's following has taken on a life of its own . Will Daryl fans be satisfied this season ? Hurd : There 's no question . Daryl , as brought to life by Norman Reedus , is someone who -- I think all of us have encountered characters with a dark , brutal past who seem to be broken . We want to see them be able to interact and communicate with other people , and we 'll see if this is possible with Daryl .	"  The Walking Dead " returns as the No. 1 scripted show on TV Executive producer Gale Anne Hurd previews the show 's fourth season Daryl Dixon fans will not be disappointed , Hurd says
CNN  -- Is it a guitar ? Is it a piano ? Nope , it is a crazy iPhone-powered combination of both . Plus it has a built in bass , violin and drum machine to boot . The Artiphon Instrument 1 looks something like a medieval lute , but with a smart phone jammed into its belly . The new instrument , released for pre-order this month , combines a keyboard , fret board , built-in plectrum and accelerometer-powered wawa effect . Named the Artiphon Instrument 1 , it is the invention of Mike Butera , a Ph.D. in sound studies , from Virginia Tech . The Instrument 1 draws on the computational power of a modern smart phone to make and record sound . A downloadable app on the phone allows you to select different modes , helping you to change swiftly between instruments . Butera says the invention of the Artiphon came to him at a dinner party in his native Nashville that descended into a late-night iPhone-based jam session . "  It was a bit comical , " Butera says , "  the singers staring down in their lap at the phone , fingers and hands contorted around a device that just begged to be dropped , trying to tap the right notes to songs we could have instantly played on a normal keyboard or guitar . "  It was then that I had the idea of a multi-instrument that would adapt to each person 's playing technique and musical style . This was n't a guitar or a violin or a keyboard but it could be any of them . " Butera says that he finds contemporary digital instruments such as keyboards , drum machines and laptops boring , so he invented his own device . "  I wanted to make something that people at all skill levels could play , a device as agnostic to musical style as the piano but as expressive as a violin . " The Instrument 1 is made out of bamboo and hardwoods , and is produced by Nashville-based woodworkers . The speaker grilles are made of polished aluminum and the entire device is assembled locally . Butera says it was important to him that the instrument should be high quality in its construction and materials : "  I want to make instruments with innovative technologies that people want to keep and pass on rather than toss when they are obsolete , " he says . Showcased at the Consumer Electronics Show and the National Association of Music Merchants , Butera hopes the Instrument 1 will be embraced by working musicians . "  I 'd like to put the Instrument 1 in Brian Eno 's hands , since he 's broken so many barriers in electronic music throughout his career , " says Butera . "  And The Black Keys , because they 're beyond obsessive about tone ... but I 'm probably most excited about the whizkid in Japan who 's going to post some killer video on YouTube and blow our minds . " The invention of new musical instruments has always come from technological leaps . The modern piano was a byproduct of mechanical development in the 18th century , and the electric guitar evolved from amplification experiments being done by big bands in the early 1900s . The release of the Artiphon Instrument 1 coincides with the 30th anniversary of MIDI , a 1983 innovation that many musicians regard as the birth of electronic music . Paul White , Editor in Chief of Sound on Sound magazine says the Instrument 1 "  seems like a high-end take on the You Rock Guitar idea , where the fingerboard is replaced by touch switches ... though as a guitar player myself , physical strings feel much more natural than virtual strings . How widely it is accepted remains to be seen but I 'm always encouraged to see new instrument ideas make it into the market and this one certainly looks to be well engineered . " In 2008 the Margaret Guthman Musical Instrument Competition was established to showcase and recognize the invention of new musical instruments . Commenting on the Artiphon Instrument 1 , Gil Weinberg , organizer of the competition and director of the Georgia Tech Center for Music Technology , said : "  In general , I 'm a big believer in using the capabilities of smart phones to power novel hardware . The ` brain ' of such devices is already in your pocket , so why not use it ? "  Specifically regarding the Artiphon , I think they did a very good job in providing a wide variety of gestural input that can allow for more musical expression than interacting with the iPhone GUI . My only concern is that these new input modalities are still far from providing the expression that acoustic instruments can provide . But as long as users know what to expect , this can definitely be fun to play . " So how does it sound ? According to Butera , the instrument "  can sound like anything you want . " So if you are in the market for a harp that plays like a violin and looks like a space-age guitar , Artiphon 's new Instrument 1 may be the one instrument for you . Milena Veselinovic contributed to this story	Artiphon Instrument 1 can be played as a guitar , harp , violin , drum machine or keyboard The instrument draws on the computational power of an iPhone , housed beneath its fretboard "  I wanted to make something that people at all skill levels could play , " says creator
CNN  -- The White House has announced that on Wednesday , at the invitation of German Chancellor Angela Merkel , President Obama will speak in Berlin at the city 's landmark Brandenburg Gate . The president 's subject will be the transatlantic alliance and the enduring bonds between the United States and Germany . Berlin comes as a welcome relief for Obama . It gives him a chance to put aside for the moment the difficulties he is having in the Middle East and with the National Security Agency spying scandal . The president 's Berlin appearance also reminds us that he is following in historic footsteps . June 26 marks the 50th anniversary of President John F. Kennedy 's famous "  Ich bin ein Berliner " speech , praising the citizens of West Berlin for their refusal to be intimidated by the massive East German-built wall that since 1961 had divided their city . The reaction of the crowd listening to Kennedy address them in front of West Berlin 's City Hall was so overwhelming that , on the plane leaving Germany , he remarked to his aide , Ted Sorensen , who had written most of his speech , "  We 'll never have another day like this one as long as we live . " Kennedy is always given style points for his Berlin speech because of its easy-to-remember rhetoric . But the speech is worth recalling today because it amounted to such a profound pivot away from the prevailing nuclear logic of the Cold War . In Berlin , Kennedy recast how he believed the Cold War should be waged in the future in a way that made his thinking clear to the European and American public . For Kennedy , the chance to speak near the Berlin Wall two years after it was built was a major opportunity to redefine his foreign policy leadership . In his 1961 Vienna summit meeting with Soviet premier Nikita Khrushchev , Kennedy had gotten off to a rocky start . In 1962 , during the Cuban missile crisis , he had regained his footing . He had resisted calls by some of the Joint Chiefs of Staff for a massive airstrike against Cuba and made sure he and the Soviets avoided backing each other into a nuclear exchange . In Berlin , Kennedy showed that he had learned from both confrontations . Instead of treating the Cold War as simply a battle over which side had the most military power and the will to use it , he framed it as a battle that also included the fate of captive peoples and their right to self-determination . It was an emphasis that would bear fruit in the Prague spring of 1968 , in Poland 's Solidarity movement and finally in Ronald Reagan 's 1987 Brandenburg Gate speech with its memorable line , "  Mr. Gorbachev , tear down this wall ! " Kennedy 's rhetoric in Berlin was equal to his good intentions . "  Two thousand years ago , the proudest boast was ` civis Romanus sum '  "  I am a Roman citizen "  . Today , in the world of freedom the proudest boast is ` Ich bin ein Berliner , ' " Kennedy declared . His words paid tribute to those Germans trapped in a divided Berlin , but his overriding point was , "  Freedom is indivisible , and when one man is enslaved , all are not free . " Kennedy was doing the opposite of saber-rattling . He was updating the ideas behind the Declaration of Independence so they spoke directly to contemporary Europe . When his audience heard Kennedy 's words , they were reminded of the Berlin Airlift of 1948 , in which America responded to the Soviet ground blockade of West Berlin with an airlift that brought West Berliners the food and supplies they needed without U.S. troops firing a shot . Earlier in June 1963 , Kennedy had established the groundwork for his Berlin speech with an address he gave at American University in Washington . There , he spoke about establishing the conditions for an "  attainable peace " that was neither a Pax Americana nor a peace of the grave . The Soviet Union , Kennedy cautioned , needed to abandon its distorted view of an America ready to unleash a preventative nuclear war , but at the same time America needed to make sure that it did not fall into the same trap as the Soviets by seeing Russia through a distorted ideological lens . Ever the practical politician , Kennedy conceded that he had no "  magic formula " for bringing about such a change in the world 's two superpowers , but it was possible , he concluded , to debate the Cold War without each side making new threats . "  We can seek a relaxation of tensions without relaxing our guard , " he insisted . Today , the American University speech is widely praised , but at the time , the speech was seen primarily as a policy statement . The public reaction to the speech was minimal . One day later , the American University proposals were replaced as a front-page story by the highly charged racial confrontation between the Kennedy administration and Alabama Gov. George Wallace over the admission of two African-American students to the formerly all-white University of Alabama . Berlin was a different story in terms of its popular impact and a sign that Kennedy was becoming increasingly sophisticated in using his personal popularity to promote policy change . In Berlin , the still-young president took advantage of being on the global stage to make it easier for friend and foe alike to see him as a leader eager to steer America and the world away from nuclear confrontation . His efforts were not wasted . Two months after his Berlin speech , the United States , Great Britain and the Soviet Union signed the Limited Nuclear Test Ban Treaty , the first such agreement since atomic bombs were dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nicolaus Mills .	President Obama is to give a speech in Berlin on transatlantic alliance It comes on the eve of anniversary of JFK 's famous Berlin speech Kennedy used the occasion to signal his solidarity with people of West Berlin Nicolaus Mills says JFK 's overriding point was : When one is enslaved , all of us are not free
Baghdad  CNN  -- Car bombs rocked a number of predominantly Shiite Muslim neighborhoods of Baghdad on Monday , killing at least 13 people and wounding 53 others , police officials told CNN . The violence adds to the particularly bloody fighting and political instability that Iraq and its capital , Baghdad , has seen in recent months . Six car bombs detonated Monday in five neighborhoods across Baghdad within a period of about two hours , police said . The blasts come two days after at least 19 people were killed in bombings in the capital . Separately , on Wednesday , at least 61 people were killed and scores wounded in attacks in Baghdad and across the country . The United Nations said 2013 was the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008 , with almost 8,000 people killed in violence , most of them civilians . Fears of all-out sectarian war have increased since fighting broke out recently to the west of Baghdad in Anbar province , where al Qaeda-backed militants and Iraq 's security forces have been battling for control of Falluja and Ramadi . The violence recalls the bloody fighting at the height of the Iraq War that nearly tore the country apart . On Saturday , U.S. Vice President Joe Biden talked with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki about U.S. support for Iraq 's fight against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , a group trying to overthrow the Iraqi government . Biden 's office said the two leaders agreed on the importance of the Iraqi government 's continued outreach to local and tribal leaders in Anbar province .	Six car bombs explode in five neighborhoods across Baghdad Bombings happen within two-hour span , police say
CNN  -- The U.S. Department of Justice announced on Monday it would provide a grant of nearly $ 8.4 million to organizations providing support to victims , witnesses and first responders involved in the events surrounding the Boston Marathon bombings in April 2013 . "  With this grant , we reaffirm the Justice Department 's firm commitment to standing with the victims of this heinous crime -- and all of the community leaders and service providers who continue to heal this remarkable and resilient city , " said U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder in a news release . The funding will cover "  costs , both incurred and anticipated , for organizations providing crisis intervention services and trauma-informed care , continuum of care , socioeconomic support , wrap-around legal services and other victim assistance , " according to the release . On April 15 , 2013 , two pressure-cooker bombs were detonated near the finish line of the Boston Marathon , killing three and injuring at least 264 more . "  This award will ensure that Boston and the state of Massachusetts can provide critical support to victims and their families as they work to restore a sense of normalcy to their lives , " the release said . Months after bombings , sense of winning for amputee N.Y. woman indicted in One Fund Boston scam	Department of Justice will provide a grant of almost $ 8.4 million The money will be pooled to assist victims , witnesses and first responders Three people were killed in the April 15 attack
NAZARETH , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Traveling through the rolling hills of Pennsylvania 's farmland , one can almost hear the music of days gone by . The factory of C.F. Martin Guitars in Pennsylvania produces instruments used all over the world . The sounds of an old guitar seem fitting for the rustic buildings and small towns that you pass through . It 's almost as if you 're being drawn in , closer and closer to where the sound originates : C.F. Martin Guitars in Nazareth , Pennsylvania . Walking through the front doors of the factory , nicely tucked into a residential neighborhood , the floors are shiny , the smell of "  newness " in the air , but somehow it feels old . It feels like you 're stepping into a part of history . And you have . Martin Guitars was established in 1833 when C.F. Martin , along with his family , immigrated to New York from Germany . Upon visiting some friends in Pennsylvania 's Lehigh Valley , the Martin family decided to trade in the hustle and bustle of New York for the open space and German heritage of rural Pennsylvania . The story of Martin Guitars is not just one of building acoustic instruments , but also one of family . The company has passed the business down from one Martin to the next . While many guitar makers have been sold to corporations , Christian Martin IV , the company 's current owner , speaks of the responsibility he feels as the fourth-generation family owner . "  Although other guitar makers may have the name , and they certainly do appreciate the history and the heritage , in my case , it 's in my blood . " Chris Martin describes the business as "  focused on one thing , and we do n't get distracted easily . " The one thing is perfecting the art of guitar making , and , musicians say , Martin Guitars has done it better than most . Christian Martin says that what makes his family 's line of guitars so popular is the firm belief that the "  guitar is really meant to complement the singer , not to overshadow the person playing it . " This idea has been the catalyst for some of America 's most beloved singer/songwriters for choosing Martin Guitars . Among the artists who have chosen Martin Guitars as their "  tool " are Bob Dylan , Eric Clapton , David Crosby and John Mayer . Country music icons Hank Williams and Johnny Cash also were Martin men . "  You never know if six months from now Eric Clapton or somebody will be playing the guitar you just worked on , " says George Molchany , a final inspector at Martin Guitars . Watch how the guitars are crafted " A tour of the new 84,000-square-foot factory is overwhelming , to say the least . Each stop on the tour is a mix between old and new , hands-on craftsmanship and machined process . The hand sanding of the body of a guitar has been replaced with a belt driven sander ; the cutting of the edges of the guitar is done with a router that fills the building with so much noise it is often hard to hear the person talking right next to you . It 's a sign that Martin Guitars has changed with the times . Automation has provided the company with more productivity , but if you look in certain corners of the factory , it is still a very hands-on process . "  It 's tedious . Very much so , " says Willard "  Buddy " Silvius , a neck fitter at Martin who has been with the company for more than 43 years . "  You have to get the feel of the wood . You have to know exactly how much you have to chisel off to get the neck to where you want it to fit . " Chris Martin says that although the plant has been modernized to produce more guitars , "  there are factories in Asia that make as many guitars in one month as we do in one year . " According to Chris Martin , the reason that Martin Guitars has been able to hold off the effects of the troubled economy is because of detailed records that date back nearly two centuries . "  Every time we celebrated a 25th anniversary , within a year or two , the economy was in shambles . I use that as a way to communicate with my colleagues to say that ` the odds are that we 're going to survive this one , too , because we 've survived all the others . ' " Martin Guitars celebrated its 175th anniversary in 2008 . He jokingly adds that "  within a year or two of our 200th anniversary , the economy 's going to be in shambles . " There is a sense of community within the walls of the factory . Each station that you visit is one in which pride is a shared commodity mostly due to the fact that Martin Guitars employs more than 500 people locally . It 's a place where it 's hard to find someone who does n't know your name and , furthermore , exactly what part of the guitar you 're building . Perhaps it is that sense of heritage and community that makes Martin Guitars one of the premier guitar builders . It could be the responsibility of the family name , the desire for perfection on every instrument . What Chris Martin will tell you is that each instrument that comes out of the factory is unique . "  People choose Martins because they 're reliable , they 're durable , they have a richness of sound that most other guitars do not . I ca n't tell you the number of people that tell me the Martin guitar that they own is the best one we ever made . "	C.F. Martin Guitars has been producing instruments since 1833 Guitars have been played by icons from Hank Williams to Eric Clapton "  You have to get the feel of the wood , " veteran employee says Owner says that each guitar coming out of the factory is unique
London  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Philip , the husband of Queen Elizabeth II , was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary in Scotland Wednesday after the recurrence of a bladder infection , Buckingham Palace said . The 91-year-old Duke of Edinburgh first suffered the problem in June . He has been admitted for "  investigation and treatment " and is likely to remain in hospital for the next few days , the palace said . The Duke of Edinburgh was taken to the hospital as a precautionary measure , the palace said earlier . He was staying at the royal residence in Balmoral , Scotland , where the queen traditionally spends part of the summer , UK media reports said . Prince Philip 's life in pictures Prince Philip has suffered a couple of health scares in the past year . Prior to the bladder infection , which Prince Philip contracted in early June , during events marking the queen 's diamond jubilee , he spent four nights in a hospital over the Christmas holiday last year for treatment of a blocked coronary artery . However , he appeared in good form earlier this week as he fulfilled several engagements on the Isle of Wight , off the south coast of England . The queen and the Duke of Edinburgh also gave a garden party at Balmoral Castle last week . Philip 's next scheduled public appearance is alongside the queen as she opens the London 2012 Paralympic Games on August 29 . He also appeared by her side at the opening ceremony for the Olympic Games at the end of July and accompanied her on a visit to the Olympic Park as the events got under way . It has been a particularly busy year for the queen and Duke Of Edinburgh because of the many events held to celebrate her diamond jubilee . Prince Philip : The man behind the queen Addressing parliament in March , the queen paid tribute to her husband as "  a constant strength and guide " throughout her long reign . The longest-serving consort in British history , Philip married then-Princess Elizabeth in November 1947 in Westminster Abbey . Born the prince of Greece and Denmark on the Greek island of Corfu in 1921 , Philip left Greece with his family when he was 18 months old after King Constantine was forced to abdicate the throne following a revolution . The family moved to Paris and then to England in 1928 . Philip also went to school in Germany . Philip renounced his Greek title when he became a naturalized British subject in 1947 . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	NEW : Prince Philip is being treated for a recurrence of a bladder infection , palace says He was hospitalized for several days in June with the same complaint Philip was also admitted last Christmas for treatment of a blocked coronary artery The 91-year-old husband of Queen Elizabeth II is at her side for many engagements
CNN  -- A tropical storm strengthened into a Category 1 hurricane Thursday in the Caribbean Sea , the National Hurricane Center said . Hurricane Paloma was centered about 165 miles south of Grand Cayman Island Thursday evening . Hurricane Paloma , packing winds of nearly 75 mph  121 kph  , was centered about 165 miles  266 kilometers  south of Grand Cayman Island at 7 p.m. ET , the hurricane center said . A hurricane warning -- meaning hurricane conditions are expected within the next 24 hours -- remains in effect for the Cayman Islands . The storm was moving north at nearly 12 mph  19 kph  , and it is expected to strengthen and turn gradually northeast late Friday and Saturday . The hurricane center said people in Cuba and Jamaica should monitor Paloma 's progress . The storm is expected to drop 4 to 8 inches of rain over the Caymans with isolated totals of as much as 12 inches possible . The storm was a tropical depression off Nicaragua on Wednesday . It became a tropical storm Thursday morning . Category 1 hurricanes have sustained winds of 74-95 mph .	NEW : Hurricane Paloma expected to strengthen , forecasters say NEW : Warning issued for Cayman Islands NEW : People in Cuba , Jamaica should monitor storm 's progress , forecasters say
Washington  CNN  -- Talk about a tall order . A Congress that can agree on little has 12 scheduled work days to forge a compromise on one of the most volatile issues -- immigration -- before going home for all of August . Failure to find agreement in the next three weeks means no immediate help for a U.S. immigration system overwhelmed by tens of thousands of children from Central America illegally entering the country in recent months . Republicans and Democrats are refining their opening positions this week as officials scramble to keep up with the unprecedented influx amid the hyperpartisan political climate of a congressional election year . Both sides appear supportive of spending more money . The sticking points involve how much to spend on what , as well as the broader policy issue of who gets deported and how fast . What 's happened so far Facing chronic violence at home and motivated by the belief they wo n't get sent back by the United States , an unprecedented surge of unaccompanied minors from Honduras , Guatemala and El Salvador continues traveling through Mexico to cross the border into Texas . Administration officials told a congressional hearing last week that almost 60,000 arrived since October 1 , with up to 30,000 more expected by the end of the current fiscal year on September 30 -- well over twice the figure of the previous year . They face an immigration limbo of overcrowded holding centers , followed by transfer or release to await deportation hearings that can take months or years to happen and many do n't attend . President Barack Obama last week requested $ 3.7 billion in emergency funding from Congress to respond to what his administration calls an urgent humanitarian situation . The request includes $ 1.8 billion to provide temporary care for children while they are in government custody , and $ 1.6 billion to bolster customs and border efforts while cracking down on smugglers . Another $ 300 million would help Mexico and the Central American governments discourage desperate parents from paying smugglers to get their children into the United States . Also , the Department of Homeland Security announced Monday it had sent about 40 recent arrivals including adults and children back to their home country of Honduras . It said more deportations to the three Central American nations were expected soon . First group of Hondurans deported from new U.S. facility Republicans contend Obama created the problem by halting deportations of some child immigrants in recent years , a move they say invited more to come . They want any additional resources now to bolster border security and swiftly send back the new arrivals . Democrats argue that additional resources should speed up the processing of the child immigrants , with faster hearings to determine if they have the right to stay and quicker deportations if a judge issues a removal order . Meanwhile , the divisive issue plays out on streets in some affected areas , with protesters in one California town blocking buses transporting new arrivals to temporary facilities . The House A Republican working group appointed by House Speaker John Boehner to come up with recommendations for legislation reports back Tuesday , with its findings expected to outline the GOP negotiating stance . Boehner already is under pressure from Obama and Democrats to bring up a broad Senate-passed immigration reform measure that would boost border security while providing a path to legal status for millions of longtime undocumented immigrants in the country . Conservatives oppose the Senate plan as an amnesty , knowing it would add millions of likely Democratic voters to election rolls . However , moderate Republicans fear continued GOP resistance to immigration reform supported by a broad coalition of business , faith and social leaders undermines the party 's chances to increase its popularity with Hispanic Americans -- the nation 's largest minority and an increasingly crucial election demographic . Boehner and other Republican leaders may consider the current border crisis an opportunity to show their willingness to agree on a narrow immigration measure while avoiding the sweep of comprehensive reforms pushed by Obama and Democrats in the Senate proposal . The 2008 trafficking law Republicans and some Democrats appear focused on changing a 2008 law designed to crack down on child trafficking . The William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Action Act requires deportation hearings for child immigrants who show up at the border from all countries except for U.S. neighbors Mexico and Canada . It distinguished between neighboring and non-bordering countries because Mexicans or Canadians turned back at the border are in their home country , unlike those from Central American nations and elsewhere . Bipartisan border bill proposed A proposal by two Texas legislators -- Republican Sen. John Cornyn and Democratic Rep. Henry Cuellar -- would remove the hearing requirement , treating child immigrants from all countries the same . To address Democratic concerns , the measure also would allow children who are the victims of human trafficking or have a credible threat of persecution to appear before a judge to seek asylum in the United States , with a decision required within 72 hours of a child 's claim . It was unclear if the Cornyn-Cuellar proposal would gain support from House Republicans , while a group of conservative southern House Democrats planned to meet Monday night with Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson to discuss the issue . No Senate Democrats have signed onto the Cornyn-Cuellar plan , with several party leaders including Assistant Majority Leader Dick Durbin of Illinois , Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy of Vermont and Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Robert Menendez of New Jersey expressing skepticism at the concept . Durbin set two conditions for his support : legal representation for child immigrants at deportation hearings , and proper social conditions back home if they get deported . The Cornyn-Cuellar proposal relies on existing law that calls on the Department of Health and Human Services to seek out pro bono legal counsel for the child immigrants , but it contains no requirement that they have legal counsel . "  I think that would be a disaster for our immigration system , " Cornyn said , warning of a prolonged hearing process that would "  serve the goal of some of the people who want to come because it would be years before they were ever deported . " At the White House , spokesman Josh Earnest said Monday that talks with legislators continued on possible revisions to the 2008 law , or leaving it intact while coming up with a separate proposal to give Johnson more flexibility . Earnest made clear that the administration wants arriving immigrants to get a full determination of their legal right to stay in the country . "  We certainly would ensure that they receive the due process to which they are entitled , " Earnest said . "  But once that due process has run its course , if it 's found that those individuals do not have a legal basis for remaining in the country , we would like the secretary of homeland security to be able to exercise the discretion necessary to repatriate that individual or those individuals . " Political fallout With all 435 House seats and about a third of the Senate up for election in November , both parties seek maximum political advantage from the issue . Republicans criticize Obama 's policies for causing the border crisis and complain his administration has been slow to react . Some Democrats joined Republicans in saying the President should have gone to the Texas border to witness the situation for himself when he visited the Lone Star State last week . Obama and Democrats argue the broad reforms they support , which House Republicans have blocked after the Senate passed them , demonstrate their commitment to the plight of immigrants . Earnest noted that Obama proposed his $ 3.7 billion emergency funding request last week , with no substantive response as yet . "  We 've seen a lot of talk from Republicans about how urgent and pressing the situation is , but not a lot of action when it comes to acting on ... a detailed proposal that the President put forward eight days ago , " he said . In a display of the high stakes involved , the White House planned to meet Wednesday with the Congressional Hispanic Caucus to discuss concerns over expedited deportations , and also provide a briefing on Obama 's funding request to the Senate . Use ` safe zones ' to end immigrant crisis CNN 's Leigh Ann Caldwell , Ted Barrett and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : Texas legislators unveil a proposal to hasten some deportations Divided on immigration , legislators tackle the surge of Central American children President Obama wants $ 3.7 billion to bolster an overwhelmed system U.S. government sends about 40 recent immigrants back to Honduras
CNN  -- It 's a nerve-wracking week for the 20 young journalists of South Africa 's newest youth magazine . It 's nearly deadline day and the Cape Town office is a buzz of activity as the finishing touches are made to the first magazine aimed at the mainstream youth of South Africa . But it 's also a publication that 's been made entirely by the same people it 's targeting . "  It 's not just them writing articles and then a professional team taking that and making it pretty , " said founder of Live Magazine South Africa , Gavin Weale . "  Live SA has been commissioned by young people , subedited , designed and illustrated . We even have young people working on the circulation , distribution and marketing , " he added . But along with producing 48-pages of news , views and entertainment the project is bringing together young people from a range of different backgrounds and races . The results are breaking boundaries and giving many of the youngsters an opportunity to realize their full potential , the founders say . One of the writers , Ntomboxolo Nana , has aspirations of one day working as a professional journalist . Just a few years ago she was a member of a gang and spent time in prison . "  She has tried to apply for college but is struggling to get in to school so we are giving her a platform to get in to school . We hope that the experience she gets here will push her into journalism , " explains Live Project Co-ordinator , Nkuli Mlangeni . Mlangeni says the magazine is also providing young people with a platform to speak out about issues that are affecting them . "  It 's a place for them to communicate to other young people in their age group about the political situation , education system and discuss what culture they are interested in , " she said . She adds that a lot of the media in South African is run by an older generation . "  They did n't have places to do this before , there are blogs and social networking but internet is still not accessible to everyone so this is a good medium as the magazine will be distributed for free , " she continued . Nana is currently writing a story about an issue that the younger generation have been protesting about in the area . A child was beaten up at a school in Khayelitsha on the principal 's orders . Nana 's piece about violence in schools hopes to give a voice to some of the concerns the younger generation have had with the incident . Another writer is working on a ` dummies guide ' to the ANC youth leader , Julius Malema . There will also be articles reviewing products and advice and tips for school-leavers and young entrepreneurs . Kenyan youth find their superhero Live magazine originated in the UK and after a decade in business and a circulation of 30,000 the success of the quarterly publication prompted Weale to bring the concept to South Africa . Weale secured funding for the project from the Shuttleworth Foundation , a social innovation agency set up by Mark Shuttleworth , a famous South African entrepreneur . But the hope is for the magazine to become the authentic voice of South African youth and be entirely self-sustainable within one to two years . The reporters are aged 18-25 and come from a range of different circumstances . Weale says the editor comes from one of the most dangerous townships in Cape Town and is working alongside youngsters who have had more privileged upbringings . The organization is also working with ` remote ' contributors in surrounding townships through regular workshops . However , despite the youngsters different backgrounds , the professional mentors that guide and train the youngsters report that a common theme unites them . "  All the kids wanted to address the segregation in Cape Town , they all wanted to talk about that and use the magazine as a platform to discuss it , " said Mlangeni . Another mentor , photographer Chris Saunders , has been honing the youngster 's camera skills . He says it 's been incredible hearing how everyone has interacted with each other . "  The conversations they 've had while they are working in the same room have broken a lot of boundaries , " he said . "  There is still a rift between many communities and people are still separated by language and cultures and this has really been a bridge to that , " he continued . "  They sit in a room and talk about their different cultures and problems . It 's been a learning curve for us as well . " The first issue of Live SA will hit the streets in mid-November across the Western Cape and Gauteng . But Live has future ambitions to take the concept to other parts of Africa . "  There are millions of young people out there who are hungry for this kind of opportunity , so it ca n't happen too fast ! " Weale said .	Live Magazine South Africa is written for and produced by young people in Cape Town The first issue will be published mid-November The 48-pages of news , views and entertainment aims to give a voice to the younger generation The reporters are aged 18-25 and come from a range of different circumstances
CNN  -- The week started with all focus on golf 's latest child prodigy , but it has ended with a former wonder kid finally fulfilling her great promise . Michelle Wie claimed her first major title Sunday , winning the U.S. Women 's Open at her 11th attempt . Now 24 , she triumphed by two shots from fellow American , Stacy Lewis , holding her nerve as the world No. 1 made a final-round charge . "  Oh my God , I ca n't believe this is happening , " an ecstatic Wie was quoted as saying by the PGA website in the aftermath of her victory . "  Obviously , there are moments of doubt in there , " she continued , referring to the prospect that she might never win a major . "  But  I had so many people surrounding me . They never lost faith in me . That 's pushed me forward . " This mental fortitude was on display as Wie overcame a double-bogey at the 16th hole , bouncing back with a birdie at the next and closing with a par to sign for a level 70 . Lewis also dropped a shot at 16 , but finished with two birdies to card a four-under-par 66 that left her level for the tournament . She finished one ahead of Northern Ireland 's 22-year-old Stephanie Meadow , who birdied her last hole to take third place in her professional debut ahead of South Korea 's Amy Yang . Most of the talk at the start of the tournament , which was played at Pinehurst -- also host of the men 's equivalent the previous week -- was on 11-year-old Lucy Li . The American was the youngest qualifier to start the event , but missed the halfway cut after carding two rounds of 78 , though she impressed many with her mature attitude . Wie first competed in an LPGA event when she was 12 , then turned pro when she was 15 and also played in several men 's tournaments while still a teenager . At age 16 , she made the cut at the 2006 SK Telecom Open men 's event in South Korea , reportedly receiving a higher appearance fee than the winner took home . Before this week , she had won four titles on the LPGA Tour -- but her best result in a major was runner-up at the Kraft Nabisco Championship earlier this season , and as an amateur at the 2005 LPGA Championship . Red hot Streelman wins Travelers On the men 's PGA Tour , Kevin Streelman birdied his last seven holes in a row to overtake Sergio Garcia , K.J. Choi , and Aaron Baddeley and claim a sensational Travelers Championship victory at TPC River Highlands Sunday . The 35-year-old was way off the pace as he headed on to the back nine but made birdie on the 411-yard par-four 12th to signify the beginning of a red hot charge that would see him claim the outright lead on 15-under-par at the last . Streelman had to wait for Choi and Garcia to finish their rounds but the chasing pair could n't make birdie at the 18th sealing a remarkable triumph for the American . The win marks first time a player has ever birdied the last seven holes of a tournament to win a title on the PGA Tour . "  It was  just one of those days where I felt I could n't miss , " a delighted Streelman told CBS after reaching the club house . Choi and Garcia finished joint second on 14-under-par while Baddeley ended the day a shot further back in fourth at 13-under-par . America 's Brendan Steele and Ryan Moore tied for fifth at 12-under-par . Ilonen holds on in Cork Finland 's Miko Ilonen held off Italy 's Edoardo Molinari to win the Irish Open at Fota Island in Cork by a single shot . Ilonen had led the tournament from the opening day but suffered a late scare on the par-five last after driving a wayward tee-shot into the trees . The 34-year-old composed himself , however , and closed out with a bogie to finish at 13-under-par and win by the slimmest of margins . Sweden 's Kristoffer Broberg and English duo Matthew Baldwin and Danny Willett finished the day tied for third on 11-under-par behind second placed Molinari on 12-under . Home favorite Graeme McDowell , meanwhile , failed to secure a much desired first win on Irish soil as a poor putting display ensured he ended the tournament in sixth position at 10-under-par .	Michelle Wie wins the first major title of her career at U.S. Women 's Open Hawaiian triumphs by two strokes at Pinehurst in North Carolina World No. 1 Stacy Lewis claims second place after Sunday 's 66
CNN  -- Auburn University officials got their first glimmer of hope Friday since they received word that that school 's beloved live oak trees had been poisoned with a massive dose of the virulent herbicide Spike 80DF . A task force made up of horticulturists , agronomists and engineers had determined that the area directly adjacent to the trees does not show high concentrations of the dangerous toxin , Auburn spokeswoman Deedie Dowdle said . "  We were very concerned that the herbicide would spread . This particular one has been known to kill everything in a very large area , up to an acre , " Dowdle said . Dowdle said that new , clean soil mixed with activated charcoal was installed around the trees . The charcoal 's purpose is to try to pull away any remaining herbicide in the soil , she said . Workers began removing the highly contaminated dirt earlier in the week , after conducting extensive tests to see just how far the poison traveled through the grounds . As a precaution , the workers were also removing several areas outside beds around the trees that have shown elevated levels . Although it 's unknown how much of the poison the live oak roots took in , Dowdle said the task force was encouraged with their progress . "  Obviously we 're very concerned about the trees , given that they were given 65 times the dose than what would be necessary to kill them , " she said . "  But they feel a bit better . We had thought there was virtually no chance , and now we 're just hoping . " Auburn police arrested Harvey Updyke Jr. , 62 , last week for allegedly dousing the landmark trees with herbicide so potent that agronomists said the two 130-year-old trees on Toomer 's Corner have little to no chance of survival . Updyke has been charged with one count of criminal mischief and has been released on $ 50,000 bail . "  At this time , we have no other suspects , " Auburn Police Chief Tommy Dawson said Friday . Updyke has cycled through three court-appointed lawyers and is currently being represented by Glennon Threatt Jr. , a Birmingham-based attorney , according to court documents . Attorney Jerry M. Blevins said Tuesday that he was retained on the matter last week but withdrew from the case , based on "  some conflicts between me and Mr. Updyke . " Updyke 's two previous court-appointed attorneys were allowed to withdraw because of their affiliations with Auburn University . Authorities first learned of the herbicide after a caller who identified himself as "  Al from Dadeville " phoned into a Birmingham , Alabama , radio talk show , saying he had poisoned the renowned live oaks after Auburn won a contentious November football game against the University of Alabama . "  Al " ended the call with "  Roll Damn Tide , " a battle cry for the University of Alabama . Fans typically gather around the trees after victories , draping them with toilet paper , said Mike Clardy , Auburn University spokesman . Clardy said it 's not just Auburn supporters who have rallied around the trees , however . "  We 've had hundreds of calls of encouragement and suggestions from other schools in the SEC , including from the University of Alabama , " he said , referring to the Southeastern Conference , which includes Auburn and the University of Alabama . Friday , a Facebook page called "  Tide for Toomer 's " said more than $ 47,000 had been raised in support of the historic trees . Dowdle said that sum , combined with the amounts contributed through Auburn and its partnerships , brings the total donation to more than $ 100,000 . "  Is n't that fantastic ? " Dowdle said . "  On the field , there 's a tremendous rivalry , but off the field , there 's a tremendous respect . " Student body presidents of the longtime rival schools announced earlier in the week an initiative to plant sister trees on each other 's campuses , in an expression of joint unity . "  Our rivalry is more than a game . It 's a partnership . More times than not , it unites us instead of dividing us , " James Fowler of Alabama said . The unity trees will be planted within the next months . The next step for the Toomer 's Corner trees , Dowdle said , is to see whether the live oaks produce leaves come spring . "  Depending how long the poison was in the soil and taken up by the roots , in spite of the rain , " she said . "  We 're just going to wait and see . Everybody is giving it their all . "	The 130-year-old live oaks were poisoned with a massive dose of a virulent herbicide A task force says the toxin has n't spread far from the trees , an Auburn spokeswoman says The dirt around the tree has been replaced with clean soil and charcoal "  Now we 're just hoping , " says the spokeswoman
Washington  CNN  -- Interior Secretary Ken Salazar , who led the response to the 2010 BP oil spill and administered a moratorium on offshore drilling , announced Wednesday that he is stepping down . The former Colorado lawmaker plans to return home in March after eight turbulent and busy years in Washington , four years in the U.S. Senate and four years as head of the Interior Department . President Obama nominated him for the Cabinet post four years ago and he was unanimously confirmed . He was most prominent when he spearheaded the administration reaction to the BP Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion and oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico . Salazar issued a six-month drilling moratorium after the April 20 , 2010 , explosion . Critics , including Republican leaders , Gulf state officials and Gulf Coast residents , slammed the ban . They said it would hurt oil and gas workers in the already hard-hit coastal communities , where hundreds of jobs were lost because of the disaster . But Salazar said the moratorium provided time to make sure that similar accidents would n't occur and that rig operators were prepared to deal with worst-case scenarios if they did happen again . Eleven people died in the explosion , which spawned one of the worst environmental disasters in U.S. history . An estimated 4.9 million barrels of oil gushed into the Gulf before the broken well some 4,000 feet below the surface was capped . "  We have undertaken the most aggressive oil and gas safety and reform agenda in U.S. history , raising the bar on offshore drilling safety , practices and technology and ensuring that energy development is done in the right way and in the right places , " Salazar said in an Interior Department news release announcing his departure . The department has offered millions of acres of offshore acreage in the Gulf for exploration and "  is proceeding with cautious exploration of Arctic resources , " the release said . It added that the department has leased millions of acres onshore for oil and gas development and has protected "  special landscapes for hunting and fishing . " "  Today , drilling activity in the Gulf is surpassing levels seen before the spill , and our nation is on a promising path to energy independence , " said Salazar , who also overhauled Interior 's management of oil and gas resources and installed new ethics standards for employees . Obama 's Cabinet : Who 's in , who 's out ? Salazar also has pursued renewable energy , with his department authorizing 34 solar , wind and geothermal projects on public lands since 2009 , the news release said . Those projects total enough energy to power more than 3 million homes . "  Today , the largest solar energy projects in the world are under construction on America 's public lands in the West , and we 've issued the first leases for offshore wind in the Atlantic , " Salazar said in the release . "  I am proud of the renewable energy revolution that we have launched . The release also noted progress made during Salazar 's term regarding Native American lands . A settlement was reached and passed that addressed "  long-standing injustices " involving the government 's trust management . In addition , Obama signed into law water rights settlements that "  help deliver clean drinking water " to tribes , the release said , and spearheaded a reform of surface leasing regulations for Native American lands . "  President Obama has made it a priority to empower our nation 's first Americans by helping to build stronger , safer and more prosperous tribal communities , " Salazar said . Obama , in a separate release , said Salazar "  helped usher in a new era of conservation for our nation 's land , water , and wildlife " and promoted renewable energy along with oil and gas production . He "  played an integral role in my administration 's successful efforts to expand responsible development of our nation 's domestic energy resources " and made strides in ties with Native Americans . "  I have valued Ken 's friendship since we both entered the Senate in 2005 , and I look forward to receiving his counsel even after he returns to his home state of Colorado , " the president said . Salazar 's move comes amid criticism over Obama 's second-term Cabinet nominees . He has taken flak because major nominations have gone to white males . White males have been tapped for three prominent Cabinet positions with second-term openings : secretary of state , secretary of defense and secretary of the treasury . One of those posts has been held by a woman , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , while the others have been held by white men . Salazar focused on energizing Hispanics While Obama 's record of appointing women to top posts does n't differ significantly from that of former President George W. Bush , many take the issue with Obama 's appointments since he ran as a champion of women 's issues during both of his presidential election campaigns , unlike his predecessor . CNN 's Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger reported from Washington . CNN 's Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta .	Salazar is a former U.S. senator from Colorado He led the administration 's reaction to the 2010 Gulf spill and explosion Salazar made strides in renewable energy , forging better relations with Native Americans
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- James Brandon is concerned about getting old and looking older . So the 44-year-old events planner from Canada decided on plastic surgery to help bring his boyish looks back . Surgeon Williams Bukret and patient James Brandon . Like many people struggling through the global economic crunch , cost was a concern , and Brandon soon realized that having surgery at home was beyond his budget . So he began investigating options overseas and quickly settled on a city that has become one of the most popular destinations in the world for plastic surgery -- Buenos Aires , Argentina . "  I learned that Argentina has a high standard and long history of plastic surgery , " Brandon said . In August , Brandon traveled 5500 miles  8,800 kilometers  south from Toronto to Buenos Aires for liposuction , a nose job and eye lift -- all at a fraction of Canadian costs . "  For what I 'm getting done probably , it would have cost me about $ 50,000 dollars back home and here -LSB- in Argentina -RSB- it 's about $ 10,000 or $ 11,000 , " he said . Argentina 's weak peso and world-renowned surgeons have turned it into a Mecca for cosmetic surgery tourism . Watch how Argentina is attracting cosmetic surgery patients " Thousands arrive annually for procedures and then stick around to soak up the sexy urban vibe of Buenos Aires , a city where looking your best is paramount . "  I 've definitely noticed here that people are obsessed with the way they look . I 've seen many people with plastic surgery , " says Brandon . Ever since Argentina devalued its currency in 2002 , dozens of plastic surgery tour operators have opened in Argentina , offering promotions for international clients that include ` tummy tucks and tango ' as well as trips to snow-capped Andean peaks , subtropical waterfalls and polo ranches . Would you consider plastic surgery ? Sound off below Estimates say that 1 in 30 Argentines has gone under the knife , making surgeons here some of the most experienced on the globe . Medical tourism has seen a huge jump over the past decade , and is projected to be a $ 100 billion dollar global industry by 2010 , according to the Deloitte Center for Health Solutions . "  You can get excellent plastic surgery here at two or three times less than the cost in the United States or Europe , " said Dr. Williams Bukret , a Buenos Aires-based surgeon who performs around 180 plastic surgery procedures a year , most of them for foreign clients . "  In our society we understand that it is important to feel better , to feel good and to look great , " he said . But some say that Argentines are too obsessed with their image , leading to high rates of eating disorders , especially amongst young women . Experts partly blame the country 's volatile history - especially the ruthless military regime that ruled in the 1970s and 80s -- for these body image issues . "  We had a difficult past and we try to forget . And so we try always to be young and always beautiful . It 's difficult for us to understand our past , " says Dr. Mabel Bello , director of the Argentina Association Against Bulimia & Anorexia . Striving to look beautiful in Argentina can be a burden , especially if you are a foreigner , says Boston-native Tracey Bates , who has lived in Buenos Aires for the past 18 months . Bates recently elected to have rhinoplasty surgery in Buenos Aires , and has also welcomed several American friends who have traveled to the city for their own plastic surgery procedures . "  There is a pressure here , you hear it from all the Americans that come : ` Maybe we are a little bit chubbier than them . All the girls here are beautiful with perfect skin ' -- so it would be a pressure , " says Bates , 35 . James Brandon felt the pressure as well . It is what led him to Buenos Aires for cosmetic surgery , as well as his decision to record his experience for a planned documentary film about plastic surgery within the gay community . "  I am turning the camera on myself and in the process maybe learning more about myself , learning why I really want to do this , and why I feel the pressure , " he says . As long as the pressure persists - and the price is right - people will continue to travel in search of that perfect look .	Thousands visit Argentina for cheap cosmetic surgery Combination of top doctors , weak currency make country attractive Patient : It would have cost $ 50,000 dollars in Canada but only $ 10,000 in Argentina Estimates say that 1 in 30 Argentines has gone under the knife
CNN  -- In deciding last week to label one third of Americans -- fat people -- as diseased , the American Medical Association not only went against the advice of its own experts , they also failed to include anyone from fat community in that decision . There is a consensus among three groups of people -- those who proudly self-identify as fat , fat studies scholars and advocates of the Health at Every Size approach -- that the AMA is putting profits before people and redoubling its focus on weight and weight loss when that approach has , for decades , failed to produce on its promises . It does n't make people thinner or healthier in the long term , and it encourages weight stigma , prejudice and discrimination . The AMA seems eager to expand weight-loss treatment and convince insurers to reimburse for it . Big Pharma has two new weight-loss drugs out , with users losing at most only 10 % of their body weight at a monthly cost of $ 100 or more and possible health complications . New obesity drug Belviq to be available to certain patients 2012 : FDA-approved diet drug Qsymia available Bariatric surgeons would doubtless like to expand insurance reimbursements for the practice of surgically interrupting healthy internal organs . And the $ 66 billion per year weight-loss industry has a stake , too .  Although "  weight-loss " industry is a misnomer when so many dieters regain lost weight that repeat customers are a basic part of the industry 's business model . "  I can guarantee you that if there was no money to be had in this , the term ` obesity epidemic ' would not exist , " said clinical psychologist Peggy Elam . At news of the AMA 's pronouncement , fat community members started the #IAmNotADisease hashtag on Twitter . I posted this petition on Change.org . The fat community 's oldest civil rights group , the National Association to Advance Fat Acceptance , proclaimed a vote of no confidence in the AMA and called for "  an immediate roundtable discussion that includes higher-weight people from every community . " As a result of the AMA 's decision , fat people who face health challenges will encounter even more weight bias in medical settings and will likely encounter more difficulty obtaining treatment unrelated to weight .  The classic story in fat community involves going to the doctor with a sinus headache and being told to lose weight although many people 's stories of medical weight bias are far more dire . Weight stigma itself is a direct threat to fat people 's health . "  Overall , it feels like another form of systematic discrimination and oppression , " said blogger TaRessa Stovall . Author Lesley Kinzel wrote , "  For all of our cultural hand-wringing about how much fat people are allegedly costing health insurance companies , the AMA sure does n't seem bothered by potentially causing an explosion of unnecessary prescriptions  and surgeries !  among the one-third of Americans who are suddenly now ` diseased . ' " When doctors rely on weight , or a phrenology-era number such as BMI , they will misidentify more than half the healthy people as unhealthy , psychologist Deb Burgard pointed out . "  They do not seem to understand that calling one-third of the natural variety in a population ` sick ' is a hostile act and undermines the trust that millions of people would otherwise place in their doctors ' advice , " Burgard said . As one petition signer , Victoria Centanni , commented : "  My doctor already -LSB- attributes -RSB- all of my health problems to my being fat . -LSB- It -RSB- makes me want to avoid seeking health care for any reason . " For more than two decades , health professionals who promote the Health at Every Size concept have argued that a weight focus does no lasting good and much harm to physical and mental health and to fat people 's social status . They are finding that a weight-neutral approach based in self-acceptance and social justice yields far superior results for people 's health and happiness . People are able to develop enjoyable , sustainable eating and exercise habits and a positive feeling about their bodies . If the AMA truly cares about the health of fat people , they will end the war on obesity . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Marilyn Wann .	The American Medical Association classified obesity as a disease Marilyn Wann : Because of the label , fat people will likely encounter more weight bias She says the AMA is focused on profit by focusing on weigh and weigh loss approach Wann : If the AMA truly cares about the health of fat people , they will end the war on obesity
Washington  CNN  -- The Federal Aviation Administration has proposed a $ 1 million civil penalty against a regional airline for allegedly using improper rivets on cockpit doors , saying the rivets could have damaged wiring and other aircraft components . The agency said Horizon Air operated 22 aircraft for more than three years with the improper rivets , making at least 186,189 flights while the planes were "  unairworthy . " The FAA discovered the violations last year when Horizon modified a 23rd aircraft with blind rivets , and the plane experienced an incident during a flight because of wire damage , the agency said . Airline takes heat over note on wing Horizon Air was required to use solid rivets on the doors , but instead used blind rivets , which can be fastened from one side of a panel or structure , "  blind " to the opposite side . "  We expect airlines to comply with all of our safety regulations and to correct safety defects promptly , " U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said in a statement . Bag delivery fee worth it for some The FAA said the airline has replaced the blind rivets on its aircraft . Horizon Air , which serves cities in the western U.S. and Canada , has 30 days to respond to the FAA 's proposed penalty . Bobbie Egan , a spokeswoman for Horizon Air , said the airline opted to use an "  alternative and stronger " rivet , which Horizon believed was acceptable to the FAA . AA chief : Success is only option "  We believed at the time the alternative rivets were an acceptable substitution . At no time was passenger safety compromised or the integrity of the cockpit door affected , " she said .	The FAA says Horizon Air operated 22 aircraft with improper rivets The airline made 186,189 flights while the planes were "  unairworthy , " the FAA says The agency is proposing a $ 1 million civil penalty against the regional carrier Horizon Air says it believed the rivets were OK , "  at no time was passenger safety compromised "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A Qatari man held for years in military custody in the United States was charged Friday in federal court with conspiracy "  to provide material support and resources " to al Qaeda , prosecutors announced . Ali Saleh Kahlah al-Marri was a student at Bradley University in Illinois when he was arrested in 2001 . The Supreme Court was to hear arguments in April on a challenge by the suspect , Ali Saleh Kahlah al-Marri , to the principle that the president has the authority to detain suspected terrorists indefinitely and without charges . The Justice Department on Friday asked the high court to dismiss that pending appeal . "  Because the military detention challenged by the petitioner has ended , no live controversy remains in this case , " said Obama administration lawyers in their brief . Al-Marri 's lawyers oppose such a move , saying the fundamental constitutional question of military detentions needs to be answered . The federal indictment means the case will be transferred to civilian courts for prosecution . Andy Savage , one of al-Marri 's lawyers , visited him at the naval brig in North Charleston , South Carolina , on Friday to show him the indictment charging him with terrorism . "  He denies it , " Savage said . "  I 'm sure he 'll enter a not guilty plea . " Savage said he was disappointed in the information contained in what he called a brief indictment . "  We 'd like information about what he 's supposed to have done , " he said . "  You 'd think after 7 1/2 years they 'd have a little more to say . "  The most important thing to him is he now has some definition of his future . Before , he did n't know if he 'd be charged , be repatriated or held forever . " The decision by the Obama administration to criminally charge al-Marri after he spent seven years in custody -- more than five years in South Carolina -- is the latest twist in the ongoing legal saga of the only remaining "  enemy combatant " held in the United States . He had been accused of being an al Qaeda sleeper agent , but until this indictment he had never been charged with a criminal or terrorism-related offense . He will be transferred at some point to Peoria , Illinois , to face a criminal trial . Oral arguments in the case are scheduled April 27 . A Justice Department official said the White House will release an official presidential order to transfer al-Marri into civilian custody . Al-Marri 's lawyer applauded the move . "  This indictment is an important step toward restoring the rule of law and is exactly what should happen when the government suspects an individual of terrorist acts . This case is now finally where it belongs : in a legitimate court that can fairly determine whether Mr. al-Marri is guilty of a crime , " said Jonathan Hafetz , an ACLU attorney who is representing him in the pending high court appeal . President Obama last month ordered a prompt and thorough review of the "  factual and legal basis " for the continued detention of al-Marri . Obama late Friday issued a presidential memorandum ordering Secretary of Defense Robert Gates to facilitate al-Marri 's transfer , calling it "  in the interest of the United States . " Since his initial arrest on credit card fraud charges in December 2001 , al-Marri , a 43-year-old legal resident of the United States , has remained in "  virtual isolation in the brig , " his attorneys said . They were suing the government to improve his jail conditions and are challenging the constitutionality of his detention . They said his cell at the brig in South Carolina is only 9 feet by 6 feet and he is allowed little contact with the outside world , including his family . Military officials deny mistreatment . The case posed a sticky legal dilemma for the high court and the current and previous administrations . President George W. Bush ordered al-Marri confined in military custody , and the Bush Justice Department had been filing the appeals opposing al-Marri 's legal claims . At issue was whether the Authorization for Use of Military Force , passed by Congress after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , gave the president the power to order the indefinite military detention of an accused terrorist seized on domestic soil . Al-Marri arrived in the United States the day before the 2001 terrorist attacks as a computer science graduate student at Bradley University in Peoria . He had earned an undergraduate degree there a decade earlier . Weeks later , he was arrested after authorities found hundreds of credit card numbers belonging to others in his home . At an early court hearing , a prosecutor said al-Marri was believed to be an associate of al Qaeda , the Islamic terrorist group responsible for the 9/11 attacks . The case against al-Marri escalated when investigators further examined his computer and interrogated al Qaeda detainees , the government said . Although al-Marri was not charged with terrorism-related offenses , Bush in June 2003 issued a formal declaration naming him an "  enemy combatant " and transferring him to military custody . That move sent him out of the normal criminal justice system into indefinite military detention . The declaration alleges al-Marri engaged in "  hostile and warlike acts " working as an "  al Qaeda sleeper agent " who was planning to "  hack into the computer systems of U.S banks , " for a possible follow-up to the 9/11 attacks . The Pentagon said he had trained at a terror camp in Afghanistan , met al Qaeda leaders Osama bin Laden and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and "  volunteered for a martyr mission , " according to the government 's filing with the high court . A lawyer for Jose Padilla , an American citizen detained as an enemy combatant , said the government 's actions in the al-Marri case echo those in Padilla 's , in which he says criminal charges were filed shortly before the case was to go to the Supreme Court . "  This is deja vu all over again -- what the Bush administration did with Padilla , the Obama administration is trying to do with al-Marri , " he said . "  Transferring al-Marri out of the brig is the right thing to do . Moving to dismiss the case is not . " The case is U.S. v. al-Marri  09-CR-10030  . CNN 's Carol Cratty and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	Ali Saleh Kahlah al-Marri charged with conspiracy to provide support to al Qaeda The native of Qatar will be prosecuted in civilian courts He was arrested weeks after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks Former President Bush declared him an "  enemy combatant " in 2003
CNN  -- Four-time world soccer player of the year Lionel Messi and his father have paid Spanish authorities $ 6.6 million after allegedly committing tax fraud between 2007 and 2009 . The "  reparatory " payment was made on August 14 and includes interest , the High Court said in a statement sent to CNN . It covers the period between 2007 and 2009 , Spanish media reported . The move comes more than two months after Messi paid $ 13 million in taxes to cover the tax period of 2010-2011 . Messi is due to appear in court on September 17 but one of his lawyers is requesting to "  suspend " the date of his testimony , according to the statement . A decision is expected within two days . When it went public that he was under investigation , Messi said on his Facebook page that he had done nothing wrong . "  We are surprised about the news , because we have never committed any infringement , " he said in June . "  We have always fulfilled all our tax obligations , following the advice of our tax consultants , who will take care of clarifying this situation . " The off-field issues have n't affected the Argentine international 's performances for Barcelona . He scored all three goals for Barcelona in its 3-2 win at Valencia on Sunday and has netted five league goals in his two games .	Lionel Messi and his father pay $ 6.6 million after allegedly committing tax fraud It comes more than two months after Messi paid $ 13 million for a different tax period The four-time world soccer player of the year is due to appear in court on September 17 Messi has scored five league goals for Barcelona this season in two games
CNN  -- Sunday 's outbreak of severe weather spawned more than 60 tornadoes and caused damage in several Midwestern states , including Illinois , Indiana and Missouri . There were several fatalities and as many as 200 people were injured statewide . Some of the hardest-hit communities are Washington and Peoria , Illinois , and Kokomo , Indiana . The destruction was widespread , leaving many with little the week before Thanksgiving . The people in these communities will need our help for some time to come . Several organizations are already on the ground , and you can help with their efforts : Red Cross As is often the case , the Red Cross is one of the first groups to arrive and provide aid to victims of such terrible storms . The Central Illinois chapter of the Red Cross has established a shelter in the Illinois town of Washington . It also has activated the Safe and Well website to help in finding loved ones who may still be missing . Salvation Army Before the storm was even at full strength , the Salvation Army had mobilized teams to areas that looked like they would need emergency food and shelter . These teams are dispersed across the region to offer nourishment , shelter and guidance to the needy . The Salvation Army has established a way to give immediately ; you can contribute by texting STORM to 80888 to make a $ 10 donation . Team Rubicon Team Rubicon is a group of veterans who come together after disasters to provide immediate relief and aid to rescue and recovery workers . It has already sent people to help clear debris in Washington , where many of the injuries occurred . Operation Blessing The humanitarian organization vows to help even if it does n't deploy a full disaster response team . Jody Herrington-Gettys , director of domestic disaster relief for Operation Blessing , has pledged support to the region , saying it will partner with local churches and other groups and assist in aid efforts through grants and donations .	More than 60 tornadoes ravaged parts of the Midwest , including Illinois and Indiana Many people have lost their homes right before Thanksgiving Aid organizations have mobilized to help the needy in the storm 's wake
CNN  -- A Turkish hostage was released in Lebanon Tuesday following negotiations between officials and the powerful clan that had been holding him . Aydin Tufan Tekin appeared on local Lebanese TV shortly after he was released to the country 's Interior Ministry . He looked healthy and said he was heading to his hometown . The businessman 's kidnapping was a high-profile example of how the Syrian conflict has been seeping into Lebanon , sparking concern across the nation and in other countries . Syrian crisis spills over into Lebanon A spokesman for Lebanon 's powerful Mikdad clan said the Turk and 45 Syrians were abducted in response to the Free Syrian Army 's abduction of Hassan al-Mikdad in mid-August . A video appeared online showing al-Mikdad sitting in front of three masked men who claimed to be part of the rebel army . He has not been heard from since . "  We wanted to put pressure by kidnapping people , " family spokesman Maher al-Mikdad said Tuesday . "  It 's the only way when you live in a jungle . " The clan released 41 of the Syrian hostages , he said . Four others were freed by Lebanese forces in raids Tuesday . Lebanon 's government-run news agency confirmed Tekin 's release . More on Lebanon : Country profile	The freed Turkish hostage appears on local Lebanese television His kidnapping shows the Syrian conflict seeping into Lebanon He was held hostage in response to an alleged rebel kidnapping "  We wanted to put pressure by kidnapping people , " a clan spokesman says
CNN  -- In just a few short weeks , Rabbi Shmuley Boteach could wake up at his home in Englewood , New Jersey , with Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi camped a few feet from his front lawn . Gadhafi may be staying in a tent on the front lawn of a New Jersey house owned by the Libyan Mission . The authoritarian ruler of Libya is rumored to be planning to stay in an air-conditioned tent on the front lawn of a house owned by the Libyan Mission when he attends the U.N. General Assembly meeting in September . Members of the predominately Orthodox Jewish Englewood community are less than enthused about a visit from a leader who has made anti-Zionist statements in the past . The recent release of the convicted Lockerbie bomber to Libya has heightened the animosity . On Monday , Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , called for the U.S. Department of State to restrict Gadhafi 's travel to the area around U.N. headquarters in New York City , saying in a letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton he "  was particularly concerned by news reports indicating that -LSB- Gadhafi -RSB- plans to stay in New Jersey , where the families of many Pan Am 103 victims reside . " A representative from the Libyan Mission in New York would not confirm Gadhafi will stay in Englewood , only that he is scheduled to come to New York . Gadhafi has a history of setting up his extensive tent when visiting other countries , including Russia and France . Media reports have said that his request to pitch his tent in Central Park had been denied , and the New Jersey property was a likely second choice . Boteach said he had previously been willing to approach Gadhafi 's rumored visit with an open mind , but he backtracked after the Lockerbie bomber 's release . "  Judging by his actions , he has n't changed one iota , " Boteach said . "  He loves terrorists and welcomes them as heroes and speaks with a forked tongue . As soon as he had the opportunity he lionized people who committed murderous acts . Gadhafi is a fraud . I do n't want him or his security team near my home . " Englewood Mayor Michael Wildes said he was not informed of plans to erect a tent on the property , and no special permissions were requested from the zoning department . Only through neighborhood residents and media coverage was he alerted to construction on the house that , according to Boteach , began around three months ago . The mayor said he was "  mortified as a Jew and embarrassed as an American that a financier of terrorism is on U.S. soil . -LSB- Gadhafi -RSB- is someone who has embraced terrorism and has not changed his spots . " Wildes said the Libyan Mission has "  not paid a nickel " on taxes for the property , and said he would only be "  willing to sit down with him if he brings a check to cover years of back taxes and overtime pay for the additional police forces needed for his stay , and apologizes to the Jewish residents and the Lockerbie victims ' families of New Jersey . " Boteach , in a piece posted Thursday on The Huffington Post , where he is a regular contributor , said the residence had been left "  derelict and neglected " for many years until the recent construction . In opposition to Gadhafi 's possible visit to Englewood , Boteach said he plans several steps , including legal action , which he said would be in response to construction workers knocking down his fence and cutting down his trees . "  My plan is to sue them , extract as much money as possible and use Libyan money for planting trees instead of buying bombs , " he wrote in another Huffington Post piece Monday . Boteach and Wildes also are planning a protest at the construction site on Sunday .	Gadhafi travels with air-conditioned tent which he stays in Rumored to be planning to pitch tent on front lawn of Libyan Mission house Members of mostly Orthodox Jewish Englewood are less than enthused Mayor "  embarrassed as an American that a financier of terrorism is on U.S. soil "
San Francisco  CNN  -- Google is working hard to make you love Google + , its growing but still often-overlooked social network . How hard ? The tech titan introduced 41 new Google + features Wednesday , including a spiffy design , a Hangouts mobile chat feature and more tools for editing your photo library . With some 360 million active users , Google + has surpassed Twitter to become the world 's second-most popular social network , after Facebook . Here 's a closer look at the updates , which were announced by Vic Gundotra , senior vice president and Google + manager , at the company 's I/O conference . Google as photo assistant Google + has added automated photo-editing features that , depending on how well they work , could save amateur photographers huge amounts of time . Given an unedited batch of photos from a recent family vacation , Google + can narrow the images down to what it determines are the best shots . "  I do n't have time to pick them out  myself  because my vacation is over , " said Gundotra . The process begins with elimination , culling images that are blurry , duplicates or poorly exposed . It recognizes and includes landmarks and people in its final selections . Google 's algorithms have been learning what people find beautiful in a photograph and uses that information to identify shots that are aesthetically pleasing . It also uses facial detection to identify who appears in your photos to find people to whom you are close , such as family members . Once the best shots are isolated , the next step is making them even better . Many people now rely on the auto-enhance button found in photo editing apps , from iPhoto to Instagram . Google + has added its take on the auto button , which dabbles in white balance , skin softening , vignettes , sharpening and taking out red eye . Finally , Google + is adding something called Auto Awesome that does kicky things with photos such as turning them into small collages and turning multiple images into everyone 's new favorite image format , the animated GIF . Hangouts turns into a chat client Hangouts , the free group video-calling service that 's become one of the more popular Google + features , is getting into the mobile chat business . Google is rolling out a standalone app version of Hangouts that combines text , photos and live video . The feature will work across Android and iOS devices and can include multiple people . Users of the app will now be able to save logs of chats if they want to swipe back in time to recall conversations . The idea , according to Gundotra , is to offer a communication tool that can be used on any device , regardless of the platform . "  Why should OSes matter ? People matter , " said Gundotra . "  Frankly even Google 's own services have been fragmented and confused at times , " A new G + look The new Google + layout emphasizes multiple streams , or columns , of posts , athough the number you see will change to fit the device you 're using , whether it 's a giant desktop screen or a small smartphone . Images are front and center in the new design , and photos and videos can fill the entire width of the stream . In other words , Google + will look more like Pinterest . Google search gets smarter , goes hands-free Google announces music subscription service CNNMoney.com : Will Google hit $ 1,000 a share ?	Google introduced 41 new features Wednesday to Google + , its social network Photo-editing feature can narrow image galleries to what it determines are the best shots Google is rolling out an app version of Hangouts combining text , photos , live video
Baghdad  CNN  -- Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir , who is wanted by the International Criminal Court on charges of war crimes and genocide , will attend this week 's Arab Summit in Baghdad , Iraqi state television reported Sunday . The report by Iraqiya TV said the office of President Jalal Talabani announced Bashir 's intention to attend the summit on March 29 . It will be the first summit of Arab leaders in Iraq since 1990 . A planned Arab summit last year in Baghdad was postponed due to unrest in the region . This year 's summit begins with preparatory meetings starting Tuesday involving government ministers . Arab League Secretary-General Nabil Elaraby arrived Sunday in Baghdad for the summit with a small delegation , Iraqiya TV reported . Sudan 's Bashir has traveled to other Arab countries despite the ICC warrants against him for alleged war crimes and genocide in the Darfur region , where rebels have fought government forces and allied militiamen such as the Janjaweed since 2003 . The United Nations estimates as many as 300,000 people have been killed and almost 3 million people have been displaced from their homes in Darfur . In Iraq , a militant group with links to al Qaeda claimed responsibility for a deadly wave of bombings across the country last week on the ninth anniversary of the U.S. invastion . The attacks were designed to undermine government security plans for the Arab Summit .	Omar el-Bashir of Sudan will attend this week 's summit , Iraq 's state television says The Arab League secretary general arrives in Baghdad for the summit Attacks in Iraq last week were considered threats to summit security
Washington  CNN  -- When thousands of children fled violence and poverty in Iraq , Syria and Darfur and surged toward the borders of other nations , it was seen as a humanitarian crisis and they were considered refugees . But a huge influx of young migrants from Central America , many telling U.N. workers they are trying to escape drug cartels , gang violence , murder and rape as they stream across the southern border , have so far not been conveyed the same status . The contrast in what politicians on both sides of the aisle and others have characterized as a humanitarian crisis has introduced new complexity to America 's toxic debate on immigration . The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees is pushing for the United States , Mexico , and Central American countries to treat many of the children as "  refugees , " which could prompt more from Honduras , Guatemala and El Salvador to seek asylum . However , the White House has said most wo n't qualify as refugees to stay in the country . "  We do n't want to send people back into harm 's way ... but the more they expand access to asylum , the more people will feel they have a case , " said Adam Isacson , a senior associate for regional security for Washington Office on Latin America , a nonprofit humanitarian organization . Different approaches President Barack Obama wants $ 3.7 billion from Congress to help address the problem . The emergency money would go to detention facilities for housing children while they await hearings and for legal aid to help sift through a backlog of immigration cases . There is no appetite for Obama 's plan among Republicans in Congress . One of them , Arizona Sen. John McCain , said it would perpetuate the crisis . Others said it 's too expensive and it would be cheaper to simply fly the kids home . A bipartisan measure by Republican Sen. John Cornyn and Democratic Rep. Henry Cuellar , both of Texas , aims to quickly send most young migrants home by changing a 2008 law that now requires all unaccompanied minors who are n't from Mexico or Canada to receive a hearing before deportation . The plan , which may have wider support , troubles some lawmakers , especially those in the Congressional Hispanic Caucus , who worry that children who could possibly qualify for asylum wo n't have time to properly plead their cases . "  You ca n't in 72 hours go ahead and make the case that your father got murdered in front of you . You ca n't make the case that the gang said ` Join us or die , ' if you do n't have the time to produce documents , affidavits , certificates and what not . And so it is unacceptable to me to basically have a deal that undermines all those rights , " said Sen. Robert Menendez , a New Jersey Republican . A word loaded with political implications There is important nuance and distinction in calling the surge a "  humanitarian crisis " while steering clear of deeming the migrants "  refugees , " international policy and humanitarian aid experts say . The difference determines who gets asylum and who goes back . What 's the difference between immigrant and refugee ? It 's a difference the United Nations is pressing Washington to reconsider . "  We recognize the enormous challenges facing the U.S. and other countries as a result of this large movement of people , " Shelly Pitterman , the U.N. refugees commission regional representative in the United States , said in a statement advocating broader refugee status . "  We 're witnessing a complex situation in which children are leaving home for a variety of reasons , including poverty , the desire to join family , and the growing influence of trafficking networks . Within this movement , there are also children who are fleeing situations of violence at the hands of transnational organized criminal groups and powerful local gangs , " Pitterman said . Susan Martin , an international migration professor at Georgetown University and the author of several books on humanitarian crises , said U.S. law is ambiguous as to whether the children in this case "  meet the definition of a refugee . " Humanitarian crisis ... in America ? They would have to prove they fear persecution on the basis of their race , religion , nationality , political perspectives or membership in a particular social group , Martin said . Violent threats , the type many have apparently told U.N. workers they face from drug cartels and gangs at home , are n't always enough to qualify for asylum , immigration legal scholars and humanitarian aid workers said . Humanitarian aid groups argue the level of violence by organized crime syndicates in Honduras , El Salvador and Guatemala is so high that the children are basically fleeing warfare . However , some anti-immigration groups have argued that by helping the minors , the U.S. government is actually aiding cartels profiting from smuggling . The Obama administration has said it is approaching the situation as a humanitarian crisis and there is no need , beyond a monitoring role , for the United Nations to get involved . The Department of Homeland Security will conduct interviews with the kids and their legal representatives to determine who might be deemed "  refugees . " Unintended consequences : 2008 anti-trafficking law contributes to border crisis "  Obviously , we 're -- we have a far different circumstance than , say , Syria , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki told reporters earlier this month the situation was "  far different " than similar migrant outflows in Syria and other conflict zones . Typically , she said , the United Nations refugee agency "  conducts these interviews in countries where the host government is not capable or willing to conduct these interviews . And obviously , the United States -- that 's a process that we undergo ourselves . " The witch 's brew : Desperation , hope and children on the border But the problem is a hydra and will be difficult for federal officials to stem the tide , Ruben Navarrette , a CNN contributor , wrote recently . Most wo n't be allowed to stay White House spokesman Josh Earnest has said the children who have been detained "  will go through the immigration court process " and it 's unlikely that most who do so "  will qualify " for asylum to stay in the country . "  In the view of this White House , an immigration judge should make the determination about whether someone qualified for refugee status , " Earnest told reporters on Wednesday . There 's the matter of perception , Martin said , adding that terms such as "  refugee " engender sympathy in a way "  immigrant " might not . For some people , the image of "  kids being queue-jumpers " raises hackles , she added . "  As to why Americans are more favorably inclined to aid those who are in need of protection elsewhere than those in their back yard , I think that ambivalence about immigration begins to override the humanitarian instinct when people are seeking to enter the country , " Martin said . Those feelings are reflected in the emotionally-charged protests that have sprung up in such places as Murrieta , California , and Oracle , Arizona , and polls . One released this week by the Pew Research Center found that 53 % of American surveyed supports expediting the legal process for the Central American immigrant children even if it results in kids who could have received asylum being deported . A Washington Post-ABC News poll also released this week showed 58 % of Americans surveyed disapprove of Obama 's handling of the situation . Texas governor lashes out at Obama over immigration crisis Still , some political analysts and humanitarian groups have been stunned by the level of political vitriol and lack of broader public outcry . "  There 's no big outcry , " demanding these kids stay in the United States , Isacson said , adding that this is surprising since this is "  the worst humanitarian crisis in the Western Hemisphere . " CNN senior political analyst David Gergen likened the calls for mass deportation to a boat of Jewish refugees who sought safety in America as World War II loomed . They too , Gergen said , faced political backlash in an anti-immigration climate and were sent back to Europe where one-third of them were killed by Nazis . "  Seventy-five years later , we are faced with a new group of desperate people hovering in our midst -- this time children from Central America escaping escalating levels of violence few of us can fathom , " Gergen wrote in an op-ed for CNN.com . "  While certainly no Nazi Germany , the growing humanitarian crisis in their home countries is glaring as rising murder rates for youths are a driving force behind the mass exodus . How will we respond this time ? " Gergen asked . 7 questions : Immigration next steps ?	There is an important political distinction in calling the surge of migrant children "  refugees " Partisan bickering over immigration is part of why U.S. is reluctant to coalesce on the issue UN , humanitarian groups want Central American immigrant kids treated as refugees White House calls it humanitarian crisis and approaches it with immigration-related solutions
CNN  -- Sitting in front of the TV on Friday , I watched in horror as the death toll climbed with each news report coming in on the mass shooting in an elementary school in Newtown , Connecticut . The magnitude of the shooting shocked me . It also took me back to five years ago , when I received a phone call on a blustery April morning that changed my life forever . I was out shopping , and my cell phone had rung several times , but I had chosen to ignore the calls . Luckily , I answered the third call , which came in at 10:38 a.m. My daughter Emily , then a sophomore at Virginia Tech , was on the phone . She said , "  Mommy , I 've been shot . " Clutching the phone , my knees buckling , I tried to make sense of what I was hearing . Emily quickly handed the phone to the EMT who had triaged her and was waiting with her for an ambulance . The EMT assured me that Emily was going to be fine , that there were very seriously wounded students that needed to be transported immediately and she was waiting with Emily for the next ambulance . She also shared that the situation on campus was "  very bad . " The world soon knew how bad it was . The incident at Virginia Tech on April 16 , 2007 , remains the worst mass shooting in U.S. history in terms of casualties . Thirty-two students and school staff were killed that morning by a dangerously mentally ill student with guns , including high-capacity magazines . The killer should have been prevented from purchasing firearms , but when he purchased his weapons , his mental health records were not in the FBI database against which background checks are run . He used 30-round magazines , which had been outlawed up until 2004 , when Congress let the Assault Weapons Ban expire . Shooting triggers ` mind battle ' for Columbine survivors We were one of the lucky families -- our daughter survived , when so many others did not . Eleven of the 17 students in her classroom were killed , along with her professor . A classmate dialed 911 when they first heard the shooter , but dropped his cell phone when almost immediately , the killer burst into the classroom and began spraying bullets at everyone . Emily reached over and picked up the phone and kept the dispatcher on the phone during the entire ordeal by hiding the phone . Law enforcement repeatedly told me how brave Emily was to keep them on the line . Law enforcement has also told me that the single most effective thing we can do to prevent gun violence would be to require all purchasers for all gun sales to undergo a background check . Then-Gov . Tim Kaine appointed a panel of experts to investigate all aspects of the massacre and report back their recommendations . Recommendation VI-2 stated , "  Virginia should require background checks for all firearms sales . " Sadly , that has n't happened , and gun deaths now outpace motor vehicle deaths in my state . America has witnessed mass shooting tragedies grow in frequency in the last five years to the point that , according to one report , there have been 16 mass shootings between February 22 , 2012 , and December 14 , 2012 , leaving over 80 dead and many injured . I ca n't help but ache with sorrow , anguish and concern for all those families suffering the sheer agony that I saw the families of the 32 killed at Virginia Tech suffer . And I ca n't help but be angered at the cowardly behavior from our elected leaders . They have abandoned all sense of right and wrong , despite epidemic deaths from guns , and ignored their duty not only to keep our communities safe from gun violence , but to keep our children safe as well . When I think of those killed -- over 60,000 Americans have been murdered with guns since the shooting at Virginia Tech -- I have to wonder how many might be alive today if our elected leaders had taken to heart their responsibilities . Why is it that our elected leaders have not only ignored the pleas of survivors and family members of victims of gun violence , but those of our public safety officials -- police and law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line day in and day out -- only to listen to the gun lobby when determining public safety policy ? What sense can that make when the gun lobby 's sole purpose is to sell as many firearms as possible to make as much money as possible ? Do you own a gun that fell under the now-expired federal weapons ban ? We have come to a time when many say the unimaginable has happened again -- the mass shooting in the Newtown school where 26 people were killed , including 20 children . It is sheer senselessness . My heart goes out with the utmost compassion to the families suffering so terribly from Friday 's massacre . For those whose loved ones have been killed , there is no real closure ; there are permanent holes in their hearts . Time may lend a helping hand to healing , but their lives have been changed irrevocably . As my friend Lynnette , whose son was murdered in the Virginia Tech shooting , laments , "  There is no ending to the heartache . " I am brought to tears thinking of all we have seen , all we have not done and all we have let die . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lori Haas .	Lori Haas : The magnitude of the Newtown shooting shocked me Haas : It reminds me of when my daughter was injured in the Virginia Tech shooting She says our elected leaders have abandoned all sense of right and wrong Haas : How many victims would be alive today if leaders took their responsibilities to heart ?
New York  CNN  -- Jewish and Christian groups have unveiled three separate ad campaigns to counter what they claim is hateful speech toward Muslims contained within an advertisement posted at some New York City subway stations . The new ads tout religious tolerance and offer support to the Muslim community . "  Help stop bigotry against our Muslim neighbors , " reads one . "  Support peace in word and deed , " reads another . The campaigns are in response to a controversial "  Defeat Jihad " ad that is displayed in 10 of the city 's more than 400 subway stations . It reads : "  In any war between the civilized man and the savage , support the civilized man . Support Israel . Defeat Jihad . " New York 's Metropolitan Transportation Authority initially rejected the ad , which was produced by the American Freedom Defense Initiative . But the authority 's decision was overturned when a federal judge ruled that the ad is protected speech under the First Amendment . Interfaith group protests ad that says "  Support Israel . Defeat Jihad " Jihad -- Arabic for "  struggle " -- is considered a religious duty for Muslims , although there are both benign and militant interpretations of what it means . "  We , as an organization of rabbis want to make it clear to New York and to the U.S. that neither rabbis nor the mainstream Jewish community support this dehumanization , but in fact we value partnership with our Muslim neighbors and Muslim organizations , " said Rabbi Jill Jacobs , of Rabbis for Human Rights , one of the three groups behind the new ads . The other groups are Sojourners , a Christian faith-based social justice group , and United Methodist Women . Jacobs described an outpouring of support from individual donors in response to the "  Defeat Jihad " ad , which allowed for the purchase of 20 new ads . They are expected to be posted in city subway stations Monday , said Jacobs . Timothy King , of Sojourners , said his group will debut 10 ads , also Monday , in close proximity to the "  Defeat Jihad " ads . "  We are going to go out of our way to make sure Muslims are treated well here , and we hope our fellow Christians will be treated well abroad , " King said . United Methodist Women have already posted its ads around Manhattan , according to Harriet Olson , the group 's general secretary . Meanwhile , Pamela Geller , executive director of the American Freedom Defense Initiative , defended the controversial "  Defeat Jihad " ad , saying there is nothing hateful about it . "  My own ad is not hate speech . It 's love speech . It 's love of life speech , " she told CNN in an e-mail Friday . Regarding her critics , Geller said : "  Their moral myopia is immense . They are confusing resistance to hatred with actual hatred . " Opinion : Subway ads -- A right to hate speech , a duty to condemn CNN 's Erinn Cawthon contributed to this report .	The "  Defeat Jihad " ad is displayed in several New York subway stations Jewish and Christian groups buy new ads , touting religious tolerance Some are already up ; others go up on Monday
Washington  CNN  -- The four U.S. military personnel being held in Libyan government custody have been released , a U.S. Defense Department official said late Friday . The four were believed to be held by the ministry of the interior , the official , with knowledge of the situation , said on condition of anonymity . It was not immediately known why the American personnel were in Libyan custody . "  We are seeking to further ascertain the facts and ensure their release , " the official said . The four were in Libya "  augmenting security at the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli , " the official said . A second person -- a senior U.S. official -- also told CNN that the four military personnel had been detained . That official also spoke on condition of anonymity . The news of the detentions followed an announcement by the United States last month that it was stepping up military support for Libya 's fledgling security forces , who have been overwhelmed by militia violence and unrest since the overthrow of dictator Moammar Gadhafi . Popular sentiment against the various militias has been mounting for months in Tripoli and other parts of the country , including the eastern city of Benghazi , which has been gripped by increasing violence , including political assassinations . The chaos in Libya hit home for Americans after U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans were killed on September 11 , 2012 , in an attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi . The United States has offered a reward of up to $ 10 million for information leading to the arrest of anyone involved in that attack . While U.S. authorities have filed charges in the case , no one has been arrested . A NATO air campaign helped overthrow Gadhafi two years ago , but ever since there has been widespread unrest and poor security . The detention of the four personnel also followed reports of a U.S. military operation in October that saw members of the elite Army Delta Force launch a raid in Tripoli to capture Abu Anas al Libi , an al Qaeda operative wanted for his alleged role in the deadly 1998 bombings of two U.S. embassies in Africa . Libya 's interim government called the capture a kidnapping and demanded an explanation from Washington about the raid . Barbara Starr reported from Washington , and Chelsea J. Carter wrote from Atlanta ; CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Four U.S. military personnel were believed detained by the interior ministry , an official said The four were augmenting security at the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli , the official said
CNN  -- With just months to go before the presidential campaign ends all meaningful activity on Capitol Hill , members of Congress are struggling to move a few must-pass pieces of legislation . One of the most pressing is the highway bill , which Congress is considering this week . Not only does all federal funding for transportation depend on passing a bill by March 31 ; the highway trust fund itself is scheduled to go broke in 2013 and the deal in the making pays for only two years . This is essential national maintenance . Yet Congress is - you guessed it - gridlocked . We all know Washington is broken . What 's less clear : Did it ever work better ? If it did , what was different ? What ingredients have been lost , and can we recapture them ? One place to look , especially apt in this instance : The 1956 congressional debate that created the interstate highway system . The 1956 Federal Aid Highway Act was the health-care legislation of its day , an epic Washington battle . The pressure had been building for decades as the number of cars exploded . Traffic was a national nightmare . Many intercity roads were hardly passable , and most Americans recognized that new highways were essential to continue the unprecedented growth the country had been enjoying since the end of World War II . What no one could agree on was how to pay for the new system . The 1950s were a more consensual era , of course . Both Democrats and Republicans had wanted to nominate Gen. Dwight D. Eisenhower for president in 1952 , and during the debate over the highway bill , his approval ratings rarely dipped below 70 % . But that does n't mean there were no disagreements . Opinion : What 's wrong with Congress ? It 's not big enough Ideological divisions were if anything sharper than they are today -- Republicans were the party of big business , Democrats the champions of the people and the New Deal . Elections were just as competitive , partisan jockeying just as intense . And the debate about how to pay for the highway system -- tolls , taxes , bonds or some other way -- was n't just about money . It was about values - what kind of country we wanted to be . The debate built in intensity through the early '50s . There were blue-ribbon commissions , competing proposals , an array of shifting alliances and armies of lobbyists . The president 's proposal and a rival Democratic plan were both shot down in early summer 1955 . The main obstacles : truckers , motorists and the oil industry , all resisting new gasoline , tire and vehicle sales taxes . While the American Trucking Association worked behind the scenes in Washington , a national grassroots campaign whipped truck drivers into a frenzy , producing thousands of phone calls and telegrams to Congress . But something strange happened over the next nine months -- a last , pivotal round of deal-making -- and a compromise package passed easily in April 1956 . The biggest public works program since the pyramids , all told -- highways plus local connecting roads -- came in at $ 50 billion , more than two-thirds of the federal budget in 1956 . But the years of negotiating paid off , and the deal held . In the end , only one Senator voted no , and the bill passed on a voice vote in the House ; approval was so overwhelming , there was no need to count . What changed in those nine months ? Part of it was leadership , with sheer determination by lawmakers . The bill had dozens of moving parts and many fathers on both sides of the aisle . But the last , critical puzzle piece was the highway trust fund , which set aside the taxes paid by truckers and motorists for the highway system and nothing else . And the two men who worked together to advance the trust fund could hardly have made an odder couple : Treasury Secretary George M. Humphrey , a Midwest Republican and former corporate executive who came to Washington to cut government spending , and U.S. Rep. Hale Boggs of Louisiana , a glad-handing , big-spending , bring-home-the-bacon liberal Democrat . Both were more interested in problem-solving than ideological purity , in part because in 1956 , only problem-solving would win votes . Both parties knew they needed to deliver a highway system . But America was different , too . The truckers and motorists who blocked the highway bill in 1955 changed their minds in 1956 . Flouting one of the nation 's most ingrained traditions , they accepted a voluntary tax . They recognized that though they would pay , they would also benefit , and in the end the roads would be more than worth the cost . This was partly because of the trust fund . But that was n't all . Truckers , motorists , auto manufacturers , oil companies and others understood that better highways would mean more commerce . More commerce meant industry would produce more goods . More production would put more people to work . And their increased consumption would lead to yet more growth . This was the win-win-win perpetual-motion machine that had been driving the economy since 1945 . And based on the prosperity of the previous decade , most voters believed a rising tide would still lift all boats . Can we apply these lessons today ? I 'm not sure . So much is so different , and we ca n't turn back the clock . Still , it 's something to ponder as Democrats and Republicans shout past each other on Capitol Hill in coming weeks . It does n't have to be this way . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tamar Jacoby .	Tamar Jacoby : Congress weighing highway bill that provides transportation funds She says 1956 debate that created interestate system should give Congress a clue She says battle was fierce , like health care bill today ; Congress made deal for public good Jacoby : Truckers , drivers accepted a tax ; Congress should learn from this
Sun , sand and sea is a delicious recipe by its very nature . Add a plate of ackee and saltfish , a traditional Jamaican dish of the creamy , savory ackee fruit and rehydrated dried fish , and you 're well on the way to concocting paradise . A splash of rum wo n't hurt to add to the mix either . Or , for the braver souls , a generous shot of the liquor in a Red Stripe beer for a local fisherman 's drink called a "  steel bottom . " For the rum drinker 's benefit , Jamaican side dishes can often be starch-heavy : There 's roasted or fried breadfruit , plantains , sweet potatoes and yams to accompany hearty oxtail stews , jerk-spiced meats and curry goat , with staples like the leafy green callaloo , coconut rice and field peas rounding out the mix . Island eating means seafood , and lots of it -- like the fiery pepper shrimp that Jamaican sisters Suzanne and Michelle Rousseau cook up in their new cookbook , "  Caribbean Potluck . " "  Pepper ` swims , ' or shrimp seasoned with chili peppers , are sold by shrimp vendors on the roadside and at stoplights in various parts of the island , " the Rousseaus write . "  Served at room temperature out of little plastic bags , they make for a tasty , quick , ` smoke out of the ears ' snack when journeying around Jamaica . " Or , in this case , journeying to the dinner table . 8 things you might not know about Jamaica Spicy Garlic ` Pepper ' Shrimp Serves 4 to 6 Reprinted with permission by Kyle Books from "  Caribbean Potluck " by Suzanne and Michelle Rousseau 1 pound  16 or 20 count  fresh shrimp , in shells with heads on 2 tablespoons sea salt 2 cups vegetable oil 1 Scotch bonnet pepper , chopped with seeds 6 cloves garlic , diced Â 1/4 cup sliced scallions 1 teaspoon sugar 1 . Butterfly the shrimp and remove the veins but leave the shells and heads on . Place in a bowl and rub the shrimp with 1 tablespoon of the salt ; let sit for at least 30 minutes . 2 . Heat the oil in a wok or skillet over medium-high heat . In batches , add the shrimp and deep-fry for 40 to 60 seconds , then quickly remove from the oil with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels . When all the shrimp have been deep-fried , pour the oil out of the pan , leaving just 1 tablespoon . 3 . In small batches , quickly saute the Scotch bonnet , garlic , scallions , sugar and remaining 1 tablespoon sea salt over high heat for a few seconds . Add the shrimp in batches , give it a quick toss to coat with the seasoning and remove quickly from the pan ; repeat until all the shrimp are finished . Serve immediately .	Ackee and saltfish is perhaps Jamaica 's most popular dish There 's more to Jamaican cooking than jerk chicken Do n't forget the rum -- or the Red Stripe beer
Altinozu , Turkey  CNN  -- Mazen Hajisa has a secret . Amid the olive groves of Turkey just a stone 's throw away from the Syrian border , he has hidden away several Styrofoam boxes . Their contents are deadly : a dozen unexploded antipersonnel mines . He took one out and brushed dirt off its green molded plastic case . It was about the size of a soup bowl and stamped with Cyrillic letters . Hajisa pointed at a raised black cross on the top of the device . "  If you put pressure on this trigger , " he said , "  It will explode . " Hajisa 's deadly stash of booby-traps are just a fraction of more than 300 similar devices he claimed he and several other Syrian volunteers dug up from the border between Syria and Turkey over the last two months . Turkish authorities said the Syrian army began planting mine fields along stretches of the border earlier this winter . The landmines appear to be part of an effort to close the widely-traveled smugglers ' trails that criss-cross this long Middle Eastern frontier . The new measure has added another potentially lethal obstacle to the already perilous journey that has been made by thousands of Syrian refugees fleeing to Turkey . More than 17,000 Syrians are currently living in Turkish refugee camps , with hundreds of new arrivals coming every day . Rami Bakour knows the new landmine threat all too well . The 25-year old Syrian refugee lay mutilated in a hospital bed in the Turkish city of Antakya . All that was left of his right foot was a stump covered by a bandage . "  I did n't know there were land mines , " he said , while recalling the fateful afternoon earlier this month , when he tried to flee with his family across the border to Turkey . "  I did n't feel anything under my foot . I did n't feel that I stepped on something . Then I heard a very big explosion , " Bakour said . "  I did n't know I had been hit until I saw my shoe with my foot inside it laying close to me . " Turkish doctors were scheduled to operate on Bakour 's stump once again on Thursday , to clean fragments from his maimed limb . Turkish officials say at least 10 Syrian landmine victims have been treated in Turkish hospitals in recent weeks . "  Any use of antipersonnel landmines is unconscionable , " wrote the New York-based Human Rights Watch , in a report published earlier this month on new Syrian minefields buried along the borders of both Turkey and Lebanon . An international convention banning the use of antipersonnel mines has been signed by 159 countries . Syria , the United States and Russia are not signatories . Human Rights Watch researchers who examined the landmines retrieved by Hajisa identified them as Russian - or Soviet-made PMN-2 antipersonnel mines . Though the Syrian minefields were new , at least some of the landmines appeared to have been manufactured decades ago during the Cold War . "  The PMN-2 antipersonnel landmine was produced in state factories of the Soviet Union , " wrote Mark Hiznay , a senior researcher in Human Rights Watch 's Arms Division . "  The examples we photographed had stamps on them that indicated the explosives were loaded into the mines in 1982 . " According to Human Rights Watch , it was impossible to ascertain when the mines were sold to Syria . But possibly as long as three decades after production , the Soviet landmines were claiming new victims . "  That is the insidious nature of the weapons , " Hiznay wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  They wait for their victim . It 's why 159 countries have banned them . " Typically , de-mining operations in conflict zones are carried out by experts wearing armor and using specialized equipment . But the Syrian activist Hajisa and his colleagues had none of these resources and virtually no training when they began the dangerous work of clearing smugglers ' trails . "  Activists informed me that the regime planted mines that exploded under pressure , " said Hajisa , who had some prior experience working with other models of landmines while doing his mandatory military service in the Syrian army five years ago . "  So I conducted an experiment . I dug in a big stick next to a mine , tied a rope to it , and went 20 meters away from the mine to pull it out . When I saw the mine did n't explode , I discovered that you have to step on it to detonate it . " From that moment , Hajisa said he and several other volunteers started opening up paths through the minefields . His de-mining tool of choice ? A foot-long metal kebab skewer . "  The mines are typically buried 5 to 6 centimeters underground , " he explained , while demonstrating how he probed the dirt with the skewer . "  You can find them because the earth around them is a different color , after the Syrian soldiers buried the mines there . " Asked why he was risking his life digging up hidden explosives , Hajisa had a simple answer . "  It 's my duty , " he said . "  If I do n't do this , how will the refugees escape from the regime ? They face two choices , either be killed by snipers and tanks , or be killed by landmines . The refugees must have a safe place to escape to . " A crackdown on protesters by the Syrian regime has been going on for more than a year . The United Nations estimates as many as 9,000 people have been killed , while activists put the toll at more than 10,000 . The violence has forced thousands from their homes , many of them seeking refuge in Turkey . After showing CNN his boxes full of landmines , Hajisa gingerly carried them back into the underbrush where he had stored them . The volunteer de-miner did not know how to defuse the deadly little devices . He said he did n't know of any official to whom he could turn over the mines , seeming not to trust the Turks . "  I hide them here because I do n't know where else to put them , " he said . Journalist Omar al Muqdad contributed to this report .	Syria began mining its border with Turkey a few months ago , Hajisa says Mazen Hajisa says it 's his duty to help refugees flee the Syrian regime Rami Bakour 's foot was blown off by a mine explosion
LAHORE , Pakistan  CNN  -- Angry protests are a common sight in Pakistan . Crowds often gather to denounce the United States or the Pakistani government , which critics accuse of being an American puppet . AntiTaliban protesters in Lahore . But in the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore this week , several hundred protesters gathered on a scorching day to take on a very different target : the Taliban . "  I will fight them to my last breath and the last drop of my blood in my body . I 'm not scared , " vowed newspaper publisher Jugnu Mohsin . She was leading a crowd of several hundred students , artists , writers and others , chanting "  the Taliban is the enemy of Islam " in Urdu . Public protests against the Taliban started cropping up in various Pakistani cities after a video emerged showing militants publicly flogging a teenage girl . The Taliban 's recent declaration that the Pakistani government and judicial system are "  unIslamic " has also outraged many educated Pakistanis . Neha Mehdi moved to Lahore to study . Now , she fears her way of life is being threatened by the Taliban . "  I can not give up my education , and I can not give up the way I 'm living , " the 23-year-old student said . "  These Talibans have ruined the reputation of Islam . " "  There were threats here also from the Taliban that if we gather they might just bomb us , " Mehdi said . Watch how the anti-Taliban movement is growing " More than 250 miles away , Pakistan 's military continued its assault against Taliban militants who want to impose a radical interpretation of Islamic law in the country 's northwestern tribal regions . Pakistan 's government recently signed a deal that would allow Islamic law , or sharia , in the tribal belt as long as the law was imposed in accordance with the country 's constitution . Mehdi and others in Lahore fear that the Taliban 's version of sharia -- which forbids girls from attending school , as well as music , poetry and dance -- is slowly creeping into Lahore , the center of Pakistani culture . "  Our way of life is being threatened , " said Kamiar Rokni , a fashion designer who took part in the protest . "  And if we do n't do anything about it , then you 're just going to be sitting around and one day the way you live and what this country 's all about is going to stand for nothing . " Rokni said he fears the Taliban "  want to change the way we exist . " Lahore may be hundreds of miles away from the Taliban-held areas outside Islamabad , but it is no stranger to militant attacks . "  Last year we lost 39 people in acts of terrorism and this year we have lost 17 people in Lahore alone , " Lahore police Chief Parvez Rathore said . As he speaks , a heavily armed escort is one step behind the police chief even as he walks outside the walls of the city 's police headquarters . In March , gunmen attacked a bus carrying the Sri Lankan national cricket team in Lahore , killing six Pakistani police officers and the team 's driver . Weeks later , militants dressed in police uniforms stormed a police training center in the city , prompting an eight-hour stand-off with police . Eight cadets were killed during the March 30 siege , which the government blamed on Pakistan 's Taliban . Police in Lahore said the attacks would not have been possible without local support . Residents say there is no doubt that the Taliban have support in Pakistan 's second largest city . "  They 're here in Lahore , this is the thing , " said Jamal Rahman , who plays guitar for the Lahore-based band , "  Lal " which means "  Red . " "  Little groups of the Taliban are going around and intimidating people , causing fear , telling women to cover up and if they do n't they 'll shoot them . " Rahman and his cousin , Aider -- who plays flute for "  Lal " -- are using their music to rally society against what he says is a growing threat by the Taliban . "  We want to try to get people aware , and try to get people activated and motivated to fight against this militancy , " he said . It is unclear if the protests and rallying cries from Rahman and the others in Lahore are the start of a mass movement or simply the swan song of Pakistan 's wealthy , urban elite who could be the first to leave if the suicide bombers and insurgents succeed in further destabilizing the country . Either way , their message is a sign that more Pakistanis believe the Taliban 's threat is directed at them , and not just a reaction to the so-called U.S.-led "  war on terror . " Mehdi said she fears her life as a student could come to a violent end if the people of Lahore do not stand up to Islamic extremists . "  If the Taliban take over then I 'll be on the road being flogged by one of them like they did in Swat and I do n't want that , " she said . Some Pakistanis are resorting to violence to defend their turf . More than 30 people were killed in the southern port city of Karachi this week as members of the city 's Mahajir ethnic majority group engaged in deadly clashes with ethnic Pashtuns . The Taliban is a mostly Pashtun movement . The government in Karachi has issued a "  shoot on sight " order to security forces , to try to maintain calm in the city . A week before the clashes erupted , a leader of the MQM political party , which represents the Mahajir community in Karachi , said his supporters would fight back against what he called the "  Talibanization " of his city . "  You have to take the nasty decisions now , " Haider Abbas Rizvi told CNN last week . "  You have to take effective measures to control these Taliban ... otherwise the Taliban will take over . "	Protests in Lahore , Pakistan , against Taliban Lahore residents say the Taliban has support in the Pakistan 's second city Students , artists , musicians fear their way of life at threat Taliban is exerting influence in parts of Pakistan
CNN  -- A late Sergio Ramos goal earned Real Madrid a 2-1 win against Barcelona at the Bernabeu on Saturday as the La Liga leaders slumped to a second consecutive El Clasico defeat . Five days after being dumped out of the Copa del Rey by Jose Mourinho 's side , the Catalan club were once again forced to play second fiddle to their archrivals . Read : Ronaldo double sinks Barca Karim Benzema put the hosts ahead in the sixth minute , slotting home after Alvaro Morata had crossed from the left before Barca equalized 12 minutes later -- Lionel Messi collecting his 18th goal against Real Madrid and his 50th of the season . Cristiano Ronaldo came on as a sub in the second half and livened up proceedings , but it was Sergio Ramos who scored the winner eight minutes from the end , rising highest to head home Luka Modric 's corner . Barcelona thought they should have been awarded a penalty in the final minute when , at the other end , Ramos appeared to trip Adriano but the referee did n't agree . An angry protest by Victor Valdes after the final whistle earned the goalkeeper a red card . The result takes Real to 55 points and within one point of second-place city rivals Atletico -- who travel to Malaga on Sunday . Despite the loss -- just their second in the league this season -- Barca are still way out ahead of on 68 points , but not in an unassailable position just yet , as the match winner Ramos pointed out . "  In the league 13 points is better than 16 . We have reduced the distance and whilst it is still possible mathematically we are obliged to fight , " Ramos said . But thoughts are already turning to Tuesday 's last 16 Champions League match up against Manchester United at Old Trafford . Defender Pepe believes back-to-back wins over Barcelona can inspire Real to victory in the second leg with the tie evenly poised at 1-1 . Blog : Pedro 's Point of View "  We are very happy with the victory and it was important to win . It gives us a lot of hope for the game on Tuesday , we have to go out and try to win the game in Manchester , " Pepe said . In La Liga 's other Saturday matches , Valencia played out a 2-2 draw with Levante while the game between bottom-of-the-table Deportivo La Coruna and ninth-place Rayo Vallecano ended goalless . Athletic Bilbao move up to 14th after a 1-0 win against Osasuna . Meanwhile in Serie A , Giampaolo Pazzini scored twice as AC Milan overran 10-man Lazio 3-0 at the San Siro on Saturday . Lazio 's chances of getting anything from the game were dealt a fatal blow when Antonio Candreva was shown a straight red after 17 minutes for a foul on Stephan El Shaarawy . Milan proceeded to dominate and two quick-fire goals at the end of the first half -- Pazzini in the 40th minute and Kevin Prince Boateng four minutes later -- effectively killed the contest . Read : Juventus stay six points clear Pazzini , who is deputizing for the injured Mario Balotelli , scored his second of the night on the hour mark to put the game beyond the reach of the visitors . The win extends Milan 's unbeaten league run to nine games and lifts them to fourth -- two points above city rivals Inter who travel to Catania on Sunday . Third place Lazio , meanwhile , have taken just five points from their last seven games .	Sergio Ramos headed goal earns Real Madrid second El Clasico win in five days Benzema gives Madrid early lead before Messi leveled with 50th goal of the season Madrid play Manchester United in last 16 second leg Champions League tie on Tuesday In Serie A , AC Milan beat 10-man Lazio 3-0 to move up to fourth in the table
Yeosu , South Korea  CNN  -- An unassuming town on the southern tip of South Korea is an unlikely place for one of the world 's most advanced buildings . Until August 12 the city of Yeosu is hosting Expo 2012 and among the new buildings containing educational displays on ocean conservation is the Korea pavilion . It stands out as one of the most technologically advanced , if aesthetically underwhelming , of them all . Korean architecture firm Samoo Architects & Engineers designed it to resemble the Korean ` Taegeuk ' -- the yin and yang symbol of balance -- but inside the structure that concept of harmony is taken even further . At a cost of around $ 19.5 million it combines the latest in hydrogen fuel cell technology , photovoltaic solar panels and geo-thermal energy to provide power , cooling and heating , making it carbon negative -- taking out more CO2 from the atmosphere than it produces . Korean firm Hyundai provided the fuel cells that are key to the company 's development of next generation hydrogen-fuelled cars , while architects from Samoo say that other engineering elements , like the seawater thermal pipes , are there to demonstrate their potential future use . While Expos have long been associated with experimental and iconic architecture -- the World 's Fair of 1889 gave Paris the Eiffel Tower -- not much of it has stood the test of time . The Korea pavilion however will be one of the few structures that remains on the site once the Expo has ended . Another is the Theme Pavilion that tests architectural and engineering limits in a different way from its national namesake , by being as low-tech as possible . The Austrian architects were not even sure that the structure could even be built . "  The biomimetic principles  of the building  had not been built before on that scale , " said Kristina Schinegger of Soma Architects . One vast side of the building is covered with reinforced fiberglass "  gills " that can be opened and closed to either provide shade or ventilation . "  Really it 's based on material performance ; it 's not a mechanism moving but the material itself , transforming , " said Schinegger . "  It 's an idea deduced from plants , how you can configure the geometry and how you can use certain characteristics  of the building  so you use less energy . " German renewable energy engineers Transsolar installed the solar panels on the roof and have designed a seawater heat exchange system that will provide additional cooling and lead to 80 % of the building 's energy originating from renewable sources . As well as the importance of eco-friendly elements , Schinegger says that the spirit of adventure and experimentalism , in keeping with the history of Expos , was a key part of the design process . "  The architectural scene  at Expos  at least is something where you can really see things that are being tried out . The task is not to make an envelope for a function but to do something that is an experience in itself , " she says . "  On the one hand the architect has to do less , but on the other side much more . It has to be extraordinary , which is why architects love Expos . "	Expo 2012 in South Korea is site of cutting-edge experimental buildings Korea pavilion is hi-tech and carbon-negative Theme pavilion draws on concepts of biomimicry with ventilation ` gills ' Architects of theme pavilion were not sure it could be built
Washington  CNN  -- A former U.S. Customs and Border Protection officer in Texas was sentenced Thursday to nine years in prison in conspiracy to smuggle illegal immigrants into the United States . Juan Carlos Guerrero , 39 , pleaded guilty to bribery and smuggling last year . His girlfriend , a nephew and two associates received lesser sentences for their roles in the scheme . Guerrero worked the midnight shift at several ports of entry , and his responsibilities included checking vehicles coming into the U.S. from Mexico . He admitted letting between 80 to 165 people illegally cross into the U.S. from January 2009 until May 2011 . Guerrero and his cohorts received bribes ranging from $ 500 to $ 3,000 per person . Guerrero was placed on administrative leave after his October 2012 arrest . He resigned his job in December as part of a plea agreement . In addition to his prison sentence , Guerrero received a $ 30,000 fine . Customs and Border Protection issued a statement in response to the sentencing : "  We do not tolerate corruption or abuse within our ranks , and we fully cooperate with any criminal or administrative investigation of alleged misconduct by any of our personnel , on or off duty . " In fiscal year 2012 , U.S. Customs and Border Protection employed 21,790 officers who processed people and cargo arriving at land , sea and airport based ports of entry . That 's in addition to 21,394 Border Patrol agents who patrol the areas between the ports of entry and also operate interior highway checkpoints . Mexican police nab drug-launching cannon near border 81 kidnapped migrants rescued in Mexico	Juan Carlos Guerrero pleaded guilty to bribery and smuggling last year He admitted letting between 80 to 165 people illegally cross into the U.S. Guerrero worked the midnight shift at several ports of entry in Texas Guerrero and cohorts received bribes ranging from $ 500 to $ 3,000 per person
CNN  -- A freelance NBC cameraman with Ebola is "  reasonably stable " a day after arriving at a Nebraska hospital , though a doctor there cautioned Tuesday it is much too early to say he 'll make a swift and smooth recovery Officials at The Nebraska Medical Center offered few details about Ebola patient Ashoka Mukpo 's condition and treatment , beyond saying that he was receiving an experimental drug known as brincidofovir , or CMX001 . The fact they did n't sound any alarms is n't altogether surprising , given Mukpo was able to walk onto the plane that took him to the United States with assistance and his father , Dr. Mitchell Levy , told NBC News on Sunday that his son was feeling "  not that ill . " But Dr. Phil Smith , the medical director of the hospital 's biocontainment unit , said Tuesday that the 33-year-old Mukpo still has a ways to go in his Ebola fight . "  With Ebola patients in general , sometimes they come in early and they do n't look that sick , but later they develop complications with gastrointestinal issues , fluid loss , diarrhea , high fever and other complications , so it is early in the course , " Smith said . "  So we will have to see how it goes . " That includes waiting to see what , if any effect brincidofovir has on Mukpo . Smith described this drug as " an antiviral medication that has been used in a number of other infections . " Dr. Angela Hewlett , the Nebraska hospital 's associate medical director , said this experimental medicine was chosen "  based on the Centers for Disease Control  and Prevention  and our assessment for other products that had been utilized for the treatment of Ebola . " "  We ca n't actually tell how he 's responded yet , " Hewlett added . "  It 's too early to say . " The 33-year-old -- who had also worked for Al Jazeera and Vice News -- started presenting symptoms on October 1 , about two weeks after arriving in the Ebola-wracked Liberian capital of Monrovia . A reporter asked Tuesday if Mukpo might have gotten the deadly virus while cleaning a car that he used to transport someone suffering with Ebola . Smith said that was possible , depending on a few factors including "  how sick the patient was in the car . " "  If they just had a fever than that 's very different from a patient that was actively vomiting or having diarrhea or bleeding , " Smith said . "  Contact with bodily fluids like that actually can transmit this disease . " Who are the American Ebola patients ? Official : No one knew woman who infected Duncan had Ebola Meanwhile , the lone person to be diagnosed with Ebola in the United States -- Thomas Eric Duncan , a Liberian citizen who arrived in Dallas on September 20 -- remains in critical condition at Dallas Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital . His nephew , Josephus Weeks , pointed to a few positive developments including that Duncan 's liver is "  doing very well , " his blood pressure is like that of "  a normal person , his diarrhea "  has slowed " and "  his fever is pretty much gone . " At the same time , the Rev. Jesse Jackson -- who is serving as a family spokesman -- noted that "  the infection around the liver and the lungs appear to be quite questionable at this stage . " "  We 're not quite ready to say that  Thomas Eric Duncan has turned the corner  , because the doctors would not say that , " said Jackson . "  But the upbeat was that they gave us the three or four good news signs ... I left hopeful . " The family continued to fight accusations that Duncan lied on a travel questionnaire about his exposure to Ebola prior to coming to the United States , thus putting many people at risk . Some in Liberia have claimed that he helped a woman who suffered from , and ultimately died , from Ebola but did n't admit to it . "  He helped a pregnant woman to get health care and she died , which was a noble thing to do , " Jackson said , insisting that Duncan did not know the woman had Ebola . This story was backed up Tuesday by Pewu Wolobah , a member of the Ebola task force in the community where Duncan and the woman , Marthalene Williams , lived . According to Wolobah , at the time Duncan filled out that questionnaire and left Liberia on September 19 "  we had no evidence to suggest that  Williams  had died from Ebola . " "  It was only after , over the following days , those who 'd come into contact with her started falling ill that we deduced she 'd had Ebola , " said Wolobah . "  We instated a quarantine on the community on  October 1  and are in the process of identifying all those who came in contact with Marthalene . " Wolobah added that "  so far we 've identified over a 100 people " who might have been infected by Williams . "  And that 's just the beginning , " he said . American with ` high-risk exposure ' released , no symptoms An American doctor who 'd been hospitalized and isolated after a high-risk exposure to Ebola was released Tuesday with no symptoms of the deadly virus , officials said . He was admitted to the NIH Clinical Center in Bethesda , Maryland , last month for observation . The patient was volunteering at an Ebola treatment unit in Sierra Leone when "  a needle stick injury " caused the scare , the National Institutes of Health said in a statement . "  The initial hospitalization was characterized by a brief period of fever that was subsequently determined to not be related to infection with Ebola virus , " the statement said . The patient , who "  feels well and has no fever , " will remain at home and check his temperature twice a day until the end of a 21-day observation period , the statement said . Doctors Without Borders staffer from Norway infected A staff member for Doctors Without Borders , which is also known as Medecins Sans Frontieres , has come down with Ebola , the non-profit agency announced Tuesday . The Norwegian national -- who was not named -- contracted the virus while working in the Sierra Leone city of Bo , according to Doctors Without Border . The staffer was put in isolation on Sunday and will be moved to Europe for treatment . Doctors Without Borders is one of several nonprofit agencies that have sent staffers and volunteers to West Africa , sometimes at great personal risk . Dr. Kent Brantly , for instance , was working for the nondenominational evangelical Christian international relief organization Samaritan 's Purse when he contracted the virus in Monrovia in Liberia . Nancy Writebol , another American , was with the international missionary group Serving in Mission when she got the disease in the same place and at about the same time . Senator : Suspend most travel visas from Ebola-hit region Sen. Bill Nelson , a Florida Democrat , on Tuesday called for the U.S. government to temporarily suspend most travel visas issued to those coming from the West African nations that have been ravaged most by Ebola . Writing to Secretary of State John Kerry , Nelson suggested that one way to prevent the virus from spreading into the United States would be to clamp down both on "  unnecessary travel to the United States under existing visas and the issuance of new visas for citizens of countries that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention identifies as areas with high rates of infections . " Currently , Duncan is the only person to be diagnosed with the virus in the United States , though authorities have warned that number may grow . The administration of President Barack Obama , also a Democrat , has thus far refused to prevent people from coming into the United States from the Ebola-hit region . So have most other countries . Yet Nelson argued that policy should change , saying , "  Considering the changing events and overall magnitude of the situation , it may be time to reexamine the travel issue from the standpoint of visas . " Not everyone is embracing this plan , however . Jesse Jackson , for one , said Tuesday that taking such steps could hurt the economies of longtime American allies like Liberia . "  We should quarantine the disease , not quarantine nations and not quarantine airline flights , " the civil rights leader said . "  We should not panic . " Nurses union poll : U.S. hospitals are n't prepared For all the pronouncements that the United States is prepared to notice , control and combat Ebola , one major player in this fight appears to disagree : the nation 's nurses . The United States ' largest nurses union , National Nurses United , released a survey Tuesday in which 85 % of respondents said that nurses have n't been able to interact or ask questions at their hospitals about Ebola . According to the same poll -- which includes responses from 1,600 registered nurses in 35 states -- more than three-quarters of the responding nurses said their hospitals have n't communicated to them any policy about what to do if an Ebola patient is admitted . Its not just about education and communication , but having the physical tools to deal with such highly contagious cases . Nearly 40 % of the respondents , from more than 300 hospitals , believe their facilities do n't have plans to properly equip so-called isolation rooms with things like plastic covered mattresses and pillows . One-third weighed in that their hospitals do n't have enough protective gowns or eye-protection goggles or shields . "  Handing out a piece of paper with a link to the  CDC  or telling nurses just to look at the CDC website -- as we have heard some hospitals are doing -- is not preparedness , " said nurse Bonnie Castillo , who heads the union 's disaster relief program . "  Hospitals can and must do better , and we should have uniform national standards and readiness . " CNN 's Nima Elbagir and Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	NEW : Poll of U.S. nurses : Ebola education , supplies lacking in U.S. hospitals Ashoka Mukpo is getting an experimental drug known as brincidofovir , or CMX001 Liberian official : Duncan left before it was known woman who infected him had Ebola NIH : American doctor with high-risk Ebola exposure released with no symptoms
CNN  -- Talk show queen Oprah Winfrey took her final bow in a taped episode that aired Wednesday , marking the end of her 25-year daytime talk show with a tearful goodbye . "  You all have been a safe harbor for me , " Winfrey told her audience . "  My hope is that you will be that safe harbor for someone else . " The media mogul signed off by walking through her audience and offering an e-mail address -- oprah@oprah.com -- by which her many fans may contact her . "  I want you to know that what you have to say matters to me , " she said , pledging to read as many e-mails as possible . Minute-by-minute blog of Wednesday 's show The final "  Oprah Winfrey Show " audience included her boyfriend , Stedman Graham , filmmaker Tyler Perry and her fourth-grade teacher , a woman she called Mrs. Duncan . Winfrey said she has no regrets , though wished she could have done more to combat sexual predators of children . She then turned to Perry , who sat beside 200 other men in the audience who were once victims of sexual abuse as children . "  They are standing together to lift the veil of shame , " she said . Each man carried a photo of himself as a child . Photos : Oprah through the years In the end , Winfrey said her departure is n't bittersweet , but rather "  all sweet and no bitter . " "  Every single day I came down from my makeup room , I 'd offer a prayer of gratitude for the opportunity to have done this work . To be embraced by all of you , it 's one of the greatest honors a human being can have , " she said . "  Many of us have been together for 25 years . ... So I thank you all for your support and trust in me . I thank you for tuning in every day . ... I wo n't say good-bye , I 'll just say , until we meet again . " Beyond her studio audience , people like Funda Ray also reminisced about how Winfrey turned her daytime talk show into a televised forum for self-help . When Ray arrived on these shores two decades ago from her native Turkey , she hardly spoke English . But she learned , went to school and even college . Today , she works as a financial adviser 's assistant . And she said it 's all because of Oprah . "  She inspired me so much , " said Ray , 44 , of Hibbing , Minnesota . "  If it was n't for her , I would have sat at home . " Gayle King : "  Oprah was so ready for this moment " Ray was recording the last episode of Oprah Winfrey 's show Wednesday -- she could n't be home in time to watch . "  I 'm going to miss her so much , " she said . The talk show queen capped three days of farewell broadcasts that included appearances by Hollywood 's top celebrities . Winfrey announced in 2009 that she was leaving the show that catapulted her into a household name and made her a part of American culture and a worldwide celebrity . Even Ray 's mother , who arrived from Istanbul for a U.S. visit last week , got off the plane and asked her daughter : "  Do you know Oprah is retiring ? " Winfrey 's popularity and credibility go hand in hand : If she gushed about a book , it became an instant best-seller . An appearance on her show was almost always followed by a rise in profile for the guest . Paula Pervall , 44 , administrative assistant at the Elmhurst House of Friendship , an assisted living home in Wheeling , West Virginia , is among millions of Oprah fans . Oprah fans hold viewing parties "  I think that it 's sad that the up-and-coming generation is not going to be able to experience what she offered my generation -- the self-help , the inspiration to do better , " Pervall said . "  She was very inspiring to people . She taught a lot of lessons . " The most important lesson ? "  To be the best me that I can be , " she said . Oprah has had many great people on the show , Pervall said . She remembers the woman who had the face transplant ; she was from West Virginia -- "  that one jumps out at me . " Another show featured someone kicked out of a West Virginia town because of HIV . Winfrey taped the teary finale last week that included surprise tributes from superstars including Tom Hanks , Tom Cruise , Aretha Franklin , Michael Jordan , Will Smith and Madonna . The finale aired in three parts starting Monday and featured -- one by one -- dozens of Winfrey 's famous friends taking to the stage to pay tribute to the talk show host at Chicago 's United Center . Show producers kept her out of the loop about the guests . iReporters weigh in on Oprah 's impact and legacy Winfrey , who has in the past made it clear that she does not like surprises , gasped as her celebrity friends made appearances to thunderous applause , sometimes after a clue phrase . "  Pulling off this surprise has been mission impossible , " Hanks said Monday , a nod to the famous movie starring Cruise , who walked on stage right after . Winfrey took in the scene in an arena filled with giant photographs of memorable show moments and thousands of adoring admirers . Winfrey had kept mum about plans for the final show , leaving her fans with one last surprise . Kathy Pittman , 55 , of Columbus , Ohio , wo n't find out until Saturday . She 'll be watching it with her daughter then , after the work week is over . For Pittman , who is African-American , Winfrey transcended racial barriers with her talk show . She first connected with Winfrey just months after the debut of "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " when the host visited Forsyth County , Georgia , a hotbed of racial tensions at the time . Pittman was intrigued by Winfrey 's courage and her confidence to put herself in the middle of a volatile situation . Opinion : There will never be another Oprah "  No one sees her as a black woman , " Pittman said . "  She appeals to everyone . She showed us ... that you can do whatever you want to , that the sky 's the limit . " It was refreshing to see an African-American woman rise to such enormous power and then use it to help heal the world , said Sondra Miller , 33 , vice president of community engagement for Cleveland 's rape crisis center . "  I think Oprah has built credibility over the years , " said Miller , a subscriber to Winfrey 's magazine and viewer of her show from childhood . "  She takes topics with an extreme amount of stigma , like sexual abuse , and makes people OK to talk about it . " Male survivors of sexual abuse was one such topic , Miller said . Winfrey interviewed actor , director and producer Tyler Perry about his own experience and had an audience filled with such survivors . Miller thought that was remarkable . "  I do n't think we ever could have imagined that happening 10 years ago , " she said . Miller was drawn to Winfrey 's knack for approaching intimidating topics in a sensitive and empowering manner . For many of her fans , Winfrey 's last show was history in the making . Her show will end , they said , but her legacy is lasting . Part of it will live on through runner Raymond Britt , 50 , who first saw Winfrey at the Chicago Marathon in 1994 . He had never run a race before , let alone a marathon . There was so much behind him but so far to go still -- five miles to the finish line . At mile 21 , he caught a glimpse of Winfrey , who had just run the Marine Corps Marathon , cheering on the runners . She stood alone , without an entourage , simply encouraging everyone to keep going . "  If she could do it , then I could do it , " thought Britt , of Winnetka , Illinois . He finished that day and went on to run 125 more races , including 85 marathons . "  It 's possible I would n't have finished that first one without Oprah at the 21 , " he said . "  She inspires the human race . " And part of it will live on through Britney Deatherage , 26 , of Lexington , Kentucky , who watched the shows with her mother and became a fan . The topics were more than current events , said Deatherage , a hairdresser . They focused on "  people 's real lives and what they experienced . " "  She 's just kind of like an idol to every woman , " she said , illustrating that "  women can be what they want to be . " Winfrey is one of the most recognizable talk show hosts and has built a media empire , including launching her own cable television network , OWN . "  My vision for OWN is to create a network that inspires our viewers and makes them want to be who they are on their best day , " Winfrey said . As Winfrey devotees mourn the end of her 25-year run , some speculate who -- if anyone -- can fill her void . Some already have a leg up on the competition . "  I 've spent seven to eight years training at Oprah University , " joked Mehmet "  Dr. Oz " Oz , a Winfrey protege whose show will upgrade to 83 time slots and stations where "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " had aired . Oz added that he is grateful for the opportunity to take over the time slot , which is among the most sought-after in TV land . Winfrey 's show made people like Dominique Taylor , 23 , of Brooklyn reorient their lives . Taylor rescheduled her cheerleading practice , her voice lessons , everything around 4 p.m. so that she could be home in front of the television . Winfrey made the young woman laugh , made her cry . Today , Taylor sees herself as an embodiment of Winfrey 's show , another part of her legacy . She 's a young filmmaker who hopes to involve Winfrey 's production company in her project . "  Her show was a platform for so many people to tell their story , for them to know they were n't alone , " Taylor said . At 4 p.m. every day , Taylor , like millions of others , felt that she mattered . CNN 's Moni Basu and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : "  You all have been a safe harbor for me , " Winfrey says She offers e-mail address by which her fans might contact her Fans say Winfrey inspired them to do better in life
CNN  -- Manchester City captain Carlos Tevez has revealed that he wanted to leave the English Premier League club in the previous transfer window . The Argentina forward handed in a transfer request at the weekend , which was rejected by the club -- who claimed his representatives had been seeking to renegotiate the 26-year-old 's lucrative contract , which expires in 2014 . British media have widely speculated that Tevez , whose family live in South America , will leave Eastlands when the transfer window reopens in January . "  I wanted to leave in the summer , but was convinced to return to the club , " Tevez said in a statement . "  Sadly , my feelings have not changed . "  I hugely resent the management 's suggestions that I have been unduly influenced by others . I am disappointed that the management should now see fit to try to portray the situation in another light . " Manchester City reject Tevez transfer request Manchester City released a statement on Sunday to confirm that Tevez 's transfer request had been rejected . "  The written transfer request is in stark contrast to Carlos ' stated position in both public and club contexts , " it said . "  Significantly , over recent months , the club has also received numerous requests from Carlos ' representative to renegotiate and improve his playing contract , as well as more recently a request to extend that contract by another year . " The former Manchester United player , who has scored 10 league goals this season , made his announcement on Saturday , hours after his team 's 3-1 win over West Ham lifted City to second place in the table . Toure on target for Man City He missed that match due to suspension , and had appeared to clash with manager Roberto Mancini after being substituted against Bolton earlier this month . Tevez said he had no problems with Mancini , but wanted to leave because his relationship with "  certain executives and individuals at the club " had broken down "  beyond repair . " Since September 2008 , the club has been owned by Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan , an Abu Dhabi billionaire who has financed many high-profile player acquisitions including Spain midfielder David Silva and Ivory Coast 's Yaya Toure . Tevez has been in sensational form since his arrival from United , scoring 39 goals in 59 appearances for the Citizens . His move across Manchester in mid-2009 angered his former manager Alex Ferguson , as Tevez turned down the offer of a new contract to join the club 's fierce rivals .	Carlos Tevez says he wanted to leave English club Manchester City in pre-season City captain denies claims his transfer request was initiated by his representatives The Argentina striker handed in a transfer request after City 's win over West Ham on Saturday He has been a key figure at City since joining from rivals Manchester United
CNN  -- Fernando Verdasco beat Swede Robin Soderling 6-3 4-6 6-3 to claim the Barcelona Open crown on Sunday and ensure a Spanish winner of the clay court tournament for the eighth successive year . The fifth seed Verdasco might have been demoralized after his straight sets rout at the hands of Rafael Nadal in the Monte Carlo Masters final last weekend , but showed his fighting qualities against Soderling . With defending champion Nadal opting not to defend his title at his own club , Verdasco took advantage to add to his San Jose title success earlier this year . He follows compatriots Carlos Moya  2003  , Tommy Robredo  2004  and Nadal for the last five years in keeping the trophy on home soil . "  I 'm very excited and happy to win this tournament . I was n't originally going to play this week , but I got a wild card and here I am , " he told the ATP Tour 's official Web site . "  I 've been training here since the age of 15 . Watching the Barcelona Open for me has always been a very special tournament . " Verdasco broke the big-hitting Soderling in consecutive service games as he took the opening set . Soderling , who beat Nadal en route to last year 's French Open final , showed his ability on clay by winning the second to set up a decider . But the home hope broke Soderling again in the fourth game of the third set and served out to clinch the title . Nevertheless , it was a promising first appearance of the season on clay for Soderling as he builds up to the French Open at Roland Garros from May 23 where Roger Federer defends the crown .	Spain 's Fernando Verdasco claims Barcelona Open title Fifth seed Verdasco beats Robin Soderling in three-set final Spanish players have won in Barcelona for the last eight years Verdasco was thrashed in Monte Carlo final last weekend by Rafael Nadal
CNN  The U.S. military will deploy 400 trainers and hundreds more troops in a train-and-equip mission for Syrian rebel forces , the Pentagon said Friday . The American troops will be deployed starting in early spring on six - to eight-week missions in three countries -- Turkey , Qatar and Saudi Arabia -- as part of the Obama administration 's plan to expand training for moderate Syrian rebels . Those groups are battling forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and extremist groups such as ISIS , as well as others linked to al Qaeda . The mission would be led by the military and complement a modest CIA training program , based on what was authorized by the White House more than a year ago . "  Saudi Arabia , Turkey and Qatar have agreed to host training sites , and we anticipate the program to train and equip the moderate Syrian opposition will take approximately 400 U.S. trainers , with the caveat that this number could fluctuate based on course load , course requirements and other variables , " said Cmdr. Elissa Smith , a Pentagon spokeswoman . "  We also anticipate that the trainers will have enablers . We expect to begin training in early spring . " The trainers focused on Syria will join up to 3,000 American troops that were authorized by President Barack Obama last year to act as anti-ISIS fighters in Iraq , which shares a border with Syria . American involvement in the battle against ISIS has been more robust in Iraq , where the government has requested assistance . American planes have conducted numerous bombing missions in both countries . This new training program is meant to help "  moderate Syrian fighters " target ISIS . The moderate fighters are also at war against al-Assad , whom the Obama administration also wants to see defeated . But in her statement , Smith did n't mention al-Assad as a target of the U.S. training mission . "  The goal for the train and equip program is to build the capabilities of the moderate Syrian fighters to defend the Syrian people ; stabilize areas under opposition control ; promote the conditions for a negotiated settlement of the conflict in Syria ; and empower trainees to go on the offensive against ISIL , " she said , using the U.S. government term for ISIS . U.S. officials have said that vetting the rebels who take part in the program will play an important role to assure they do not share any dual allegiances to Jabbat al-Nusra , al Qaeda 's affiliate in Syria , or any other militant groups . Rear Adm. John Kirby , the Pentagon press secretary , has said training the vetted rebels could take eight to 12 months before they are ready to return to Syria for the fight against ISIS . CNN 's Chloe Sommers , Z. Byron Wolf and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	Obama administration wants to train moderate Syrian rebels Training was authorized by the White House more than a year ago
CNN  -- Thomas Eric Duncan , the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States , received an experimental medicine nearly a week after being admitted into the hospital -- a far longer wait than experienced by four other Ebola patients treated in the United States . Those patients -- two each at Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital and the University of Nebraska Medical Center -- received their experimental medicines immediately . Those four are U.S. citizens ; Duncan is a Liberian national . "  We feel he did n't get the medicine and treatment for the disease because he 's African and they do n't consider him as important as the other three , " Josephus Weeks , Duncan 's nephew , said at a press conference Tuesday afternoon . The Rev. Jesse Jackson , who attended the press conference with Weeks and Duncan 's mother as a newly appointed spokesman for the family , added , "  We do n't feel good about that . It 's been a concern he had to wait so long . " Jackson said he thinks money also played a role in Duncan 's treatment . "  I would tend to think that those who do not have insurance , those who do not have Medicaid do not have the same priorities as those who do , " the civil rights leader said . In a statement , a spokeswoman for Dallas ' Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital said Duncan is being "  treated the way any other patient would have been treated , regardless of nationality or ability to pay for care . We have a long history of treating a multicultural community in this area . " The hospitals that took care of the four other patients had substantial advance notice that patients were on their way . Duncan went the emergency room at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital on September 25 , but staff there did n't realize he had Ebola and sent him home hours later . He was admitted on September 28 when the hospital realized he had the disease . He started receiving the experimental drug , brincidofovir , on October 4 . He was in critical condition Tuesday . Weeks , though , said his uncle is "  doing better " -- he 's still on dialysis , but his heart rate has improved , his blood pressure is "  normal , " "  his fever is pretty much gone " and his diarrhea has "  slowed . " It 's not clear if the experimental drug has anything to do with these changes . Thomas Eric Duncan : First Ebola death in U.S. . Since the drugs being used to treat Ebola are still experimental , it is up to each individual hospital to file the paperwork with the Food and Drug Administration for permission to get the drug from the manufacturer and use it . The hospital has declined to tell CNN when they filed for permission to the FDA to use brincidofovir . "  The care team has been consulting with the CDC and Emory , on a daily basis since Mr. Duncan was admitted to the hospital , discussing the possible course of treatment , including the use of investigational drugs , " hospital spokesman Wendell Watson said in a statement . The FDA and Chimerix , the company that makes the drug , said if there was any delay it was n't on their part . Stephanie Yao , a spokeswoman for the FDA said she could n't comment on any particular case , but when doctors make requests for experimental Ebola treatments , "  we turn them around in a matter of a few hours -- often less than one hour . " Ebola drugs are in the works Joseph Schepers , a spokesman for Chimerix , said requests to use brincidofovir "  are expedited immediately in the most expedited way you could possibly do it . " "  It 's a general rule in medicine that the earlier you start therapy in a sick person who needs the therapy , the better the response , " said Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute for Allergies and Infectious Diseases , when asked about the impact of the wait for the drug . Weeks said he and his family had to "  pressure " the hospital to apply for permission to give the drug , brincidofovir , to Duncan . "  They were treating him with oxygen , water and a bed to lay on , " he said . Weeks and Jackson said they believe the hospital applied for permission to use brincidofovir only after Jackson gave out the hospital 's phone number on his radio show last week and urged listeners to call in and complain . Ashoka Mukpo , a freelance NBC cameraman , was admitted to the University of Nebraska Medical Center Tuesday and began receiving brincidofovir the same day . Dr. Rick Sacra received another experimental drug called TKM-Ebola , which is easier to access but still requires permission from the FDA . Dr. Kent Brantley and Nancy Writebol -- both treated at Emory -- took Zmapp , which is no longer available because the company ran out of supplies of the drug . FDA warns companies about fake Ebola drugs CNN 's John Bonifield and Matthew Stucker contributed to this report .	Thomas Eric Duncan was admitted to a Dallas hospital for Ebola on September 28 He got an experimental drug October 4 ; others with Ebola got such drugs much faster Nephew : "  He did n't get the medicine and treatment for the disease because he 's African " Hospital : Duncan was "  treated the way any other patient would have been treated "
CNNGo.com  -- Globe-trotters know what it 's like trying to sleep coiled up on a hard plastic airport seat for hours while they await their next flight . But it does n't have to be that way . Transit hotels are making long , multi-flight trips tolerable . These short-stay hotels are located within security checks in airports and close to terminals . Passengers can walk off the plane and check into a room to refresh between long flights . No visa is required to stay over in a given country . Read more on CNNGo : World 's biggest airport planned Rates at transit hotels vary but are often cheaper than at regular hotels . Minimum required stays average about six hours . Standard amenities include a bed , desk , toilet , shower and Internet access , but many premium transit hotels include gyms and spas , as well . Transit hotel hot spots Because business depends on a heavy flow of onward-bound passengers , transit hotels are nearly exclusive to busy transfer hubs , especially in Asia . One of the most popular transit hotels is at Singapore 's Changi , one of the world 's busiest airports and a frequent layover spot for flights to and from Asia . Amsterdam Schiphol Airport is one of the busiest airports in Europe -- its compact and clean "  Yotel " hotel pods do good business . Read more on CNNGo : Singapore 's Changi Airport the world 's favorite You wo n't find in-airport transit hotels in Melbourne Tullamarine Airport or Sydney Airport 's international terminal -- Australia is not a common midway point for journeys . Good for business , but good business ? Nigel Summers , director of the world 's largest hospitality consulting firm , Horwath HTL , says that transit hotels can be a tricky investment for hoteliers . "  You do n't have to give people much -LSB- because it 's a very short stay -RSB- , but it can be difficult to predict the flow of people , " Summers says . Read more on CNNGo : 15 spectacular swimming pools "  For example , if there is a major closure at an airport , it can be hard to plan how much food to prepare and how much staff to keep on . " The success of transit hotels also depends on the efficiency of the airport , with more efficient airports being less suitable for hotel business . "  If it is easy to clear customs , say at Hong Kong , people are probably less likely to stay inside the airport for their layover , " explains Summers . Read more on CNNGo : World 's 15 most expensive hotel suites "  But if it 's harder , somewhere like New Delhi , people are more likely to find accommodation inside the airport . " Here are a selection of transit hotels around the world that could make your next journey a little more comfortable : Transit hotels around the world Ambassador Transit Hotel , Singapore Changi Airport , Singapore Single rooms from S$ 58  US$ 48  before tax , for six hours . TV , en suite bathroom , complimentary tea and coffee , wake-up call . Located at Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 , Changi Airport , Singapore ; 75 Airport Blvd. , Singapore ; +65 6542 5538 ; www.harilelahospitality.com . Kuala Lumpur Airside Transit Hotel , Kuala Lumpur International Airport , Malaysia Standard rooms from MYR140  US$ 45  . Includes : fitness center , shower , sauna . Located next to the Satellite building , next to Gate C5 , KLIA Sepang , Selangor ; +60 3 8787 4848 ; www.klairporthotel.com See Boeing 's luxury offices in the sky Incheon Airport Transit Hotel , Seoul Incheon International Airport , South Korea Standard rooms from US$ 45 for six hours . Includes : Internet , air con , TV , phone . Located opposite boarding gate 10 . Incheon International Airport , 43 272 Gonghangno , Jung-gu , Incheon ; +82 32 743 3000 ; www.airgardenhotel.com Louis Tavern , Day Rooms and CIP lounges , Suvarnabhumi Airport , Bangkok , Thailand Standard single room 2,200 baht  US$ 65  for four hours . Internet access , television , telephone , flight-information monitor , mini-bar . Located on Level 4 Concourse G of Suvarnabhumi Airport ; +66 2 134 6565 6 ; www.dayrooms-ciplounges.com Airport Hotel , Abu Dhabi International Airport , United Arab Emirates Standard rooms start at US$ 185 for day use between 6 a.m. and 7 p.m. High-speed Internet , king-sized bed , separate living room , massage chair , gym , shower . Located in Sheikh Rashid Terminal of Terminal 1 and Concourse 2 of Terminal 3 ; +971 2 5757 377 ; www.dih-dca.com Yotel , Schiphol Airport , Amsterdam , The Netherlands Standard cabin $ 45  US$ 61  for four hours . Large single bed , monsoon-power shower with body wash and towels , TV , work station , free Wi-Fi . Located in the main terminal in Lounge 2 near Pier D. Vetrekpassage 118 , Schiphol Airport . Amsterdam , The Netherlands ; +31 20 7085 372 ; www.yotel.com Hotel Tranzit 2 , Prague Airport , Czech Republic Standard cabin one night  24 hours  from $ 119  US$ 162  for double room . Also available for day use . Packages for three , six or 10 hours -- single use three hours , $ 35  US$ 48  . Shower package -- $ 24  US$ 38  . Includes : Free high-speed Internet , satellite TV . Located between Terminal 1 and Terminal 2 . Prague Airport , Letiste s.p. , Praha , Czech Republic ; +420 236 161 222 ; www.pragueairport.co.uk Dayrooms Flughafen Zürich AG , Zurich Airport , Switzerland Standard room CHF$ 49  US$ 55  for three hours or less . Includes : Wake-up service , TV , shoe-cleaning machine , Internet access , air conditioning . Located in Transfer zone D. Postfach , Zürich-Flughafen , Switzerland ; +41 43 816 21 08 ; www.zurich-airport.com Evergreen Transit Hotel , C. K. S. International Airport , Taoyuan , Taiwan Standard room rates NT$ 2,800  US$ 92  for one night . Includes : Parking , baby-sitting , pool , gym , sauna , hair dryer . Located in Terminal II. ; Taoyuan County , Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport Terminal II 4th Floor ; +886  0  3 383 4510 ; www.evergreen-hotels.com Eaton Smart , Indira Gandhi International Airport , New Delhi , India Standard room rates five hours at Rs 3,000  US$ 65  . Includes high-speed Internet access , LCD TV with cable satellite channels and in-room dining options . Located in Terminal 3 , Level 5 , Indira Gandhi International Airport , New Delhi ; + 91 11 452 52000 ; newdelhiairport.eatonhotels.com © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	Transit hotels are short-stay locales in security checks in airports and close to terminals Rates at transit hotels vary but are often cheaper than regular hotels One of the most popular transit hotels is at Singapore 's Changi , one of the world 's busiest airports
CNN  -- A magnitude-5 .9 earthquake hit central Mexico near the Pacific Coast on Sunday night , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The earthquake was centered more than 200 miles from Mexico City , the USGS said , in the Mexican state of Michoacan . There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries in Michoacan , according to state civil protection officials . Some people in the capital said they could feel the tremors . Some neighborhoods there were without power , according to a preliminary report from the federal electrical commission . The quake was 46 miles deep , the USGS said . An earthquake of this magnitude is considered moderate but capable of causing considerable damage to poorly built or badly designed structures and slight to moderate damage to well-built , ordinary structures , the USGS says . Interactive : Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes CNN 's Catherine Shoichet contributed to this report .	There are no immediate reports of damage or injuries It struck Mexico 's Pacific Coast , in the state of Michoacan The earthquake was felt in Mexico City
CNN  -- An Irish atheist group has published a series of quotations on religion in an attempt to challenge a blasphemy law that went into effect on New Year 's Day . The 25 "  blasphemous " quotations include the words of Jesus , Mohammed , Mark Twain , Salman Rushdie and Bjork . Atheist Ireland published the list on its Web site Friday . It says it aims to challenge the law , which makes blasphemy a crime punishable by a $ 25,000 -  $ 35,800  fine . "  Despite these quotes being abusive and insulting in relation to matters held sacred by various religions , we unreservedly support the right of these people to have published or uttered them , " the group said on the site . "  We unreservedly support the right of any Irish citizen to make comparable statements about matters held sacred by any religion without fear of being criminalized , and without having to prove to a court that a reasonable person would find any particular value in the statement . " Lawmakers in staunchly Catholic Ireland passed the law in July , but it came into force January 1 . A person breaks the law by saying or publishing anything "  grossly abusive or insulting in relation to matters held sacred by any religion , thereby causing outrage among a substantial number of the adherents of that religion . " Those found guilty of breaking the blasphemy law may try to defend themselves by proving that a reasonable person would find literary , artistic , political , scientific or academic value in what they said or published , the law says . Atheist Ireland called the law "  silly and dangerous , " because it provides an incentive for religious outrage . "  We believe in the golden rule : that we have a right to be treated justly , and that we have a responsibility to treat other people justly , " the group said . "  Blasphemy laws are unjust : They silence people in order to protect ideas . In a civilized society , people have a right to to express and to hear ideas about religion even if other people find those ideas to be outrageous . " The group urged the Irish government to repeal the law . It also asked lawmakers for a referendum on removing all references to God from the Irish constitution .	Law , making blasphemy a crime punishable by a $ 35,800 fine , came into effect January 1 Atheist group : Law is "  silly and dangerous , " provides an incentive for religious outrage Group produces "  blasphemous " quotations including words of Jesus , Muhammad , Mark Twain
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina -- Juan Roman Riquelme scored twice as Argentina beat Bolivia 3-0 to notch a third successive victory in the South American qualifiers for the 2010 World Cup on Saturday . Juan Roman Riquelme celebrates after scoring his first goal in Argentina 's win against Bolivia . The midfielder followed up his brace of spectacular free-kicks in the opening 2-0 victory against Chile to help put his country five points clear of second-placed Brazil , who play Peru in Lima on Sunday . Riquelme again shrugged off his lack of club action with Villarreal , where he has fallen out with the Spanish side 's management , to net twice in the second spell after Sergio Aguero gave the home side a first-half lead . The 19-year-old scored his first goal at international level five minutes before the interval after starting in a three-man attack with Carlos Tevez and Lionel Messi . He headed home after Martin Demichelis nodded a cross from Manchester United striker Tevez back across goal . Riquelme added the second 11 minutes after the break with a dipping free-kick which beat Carlos Arias from 25 yards , having been superbly denied by the keeper 's one-handed effort shortly beforehand . And he finished off the scoring in the 73rd minute with a cool sidefoot finish after being set up by Messi to cap off a match in which captain Javier Zanetti made a record-breaking 116th appearance for Argentina . Argentina next travel to Colombia on Tuesday , when winless Bolivia have an away clash with Venezuela . In other South American qualifiers , Colombia beat Venezuela 1-0 , and Paraguay routed Ecuador 5-1 . Ecuador coach Luis Fernando Suarez , a Colombian , quit after his team 's loss saying : "  I have taken the irrevocable decision to resign . " E-mail to a friend	Argentina beat Bolivia 3-0 in South American qualifier for 2010 World Cup Juan Roman Riquelme nets twice as Argentina win third successive match Ecuador coach Luis Fernando Suarez quits after 5-1 loss against Paraguay
CNN  -- The Detroit bankruptcy case is acting as a Rorschach test for so many challenges that bedevil older industrial cities in the United States and beyond . A common one : How do older cities rocked by deindustrialization and the loss of population and jobs redefine their economic function and find a new reason to live in a shifting global economy ? The experiences of Pittsburgh and Northeast Ohio offer cause for hope and a roadmap for reinvention and renewal . With the collapse of the steel industry in the early 1980s , the Pittsburgh metro area endured the loss of nearly 100,000 jobs in just three years ; the city 's population declined by almost 12.7 % during the full decade . Fast forward 30 years , and it is clear that the city and broader metropolis have regained their footing through a series of strategic and sustained interventions . Smart public , private and civic leadership has helped diversify the economy toward health care and technology , building off a solid base of advanced research institutions and medical campuses  "  eds and meds "  , such as Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center . Smart urban regeneration tactics have successfully repurposed waterfront locations , historic buildings and even brown-field sites into new walkable places valued by innovative firms and talented workers . An impressive 25 % of the jobs in the Pittsburgh metro area are within three miles of the central business district , compared with just 7 % in Detroit . With such employment density , reasonable housing costs and ample cultural amenities , the city now routinely places at or near the top of worldwide livability rankings . Northeast Ohio -- which spans the four metropolitan areas of Cleveland , Akron , Canton and Youngstown -- provides a more recent example of renewal . In the early 2000s , the Cleveland Plain Dealer chronicled the "  quiet crisis " that was gradually bleeding the region of people , jobs and vitality . In response , philanthropic institutions pooled their resources and supported a series of institutions and intermediaries , including the Fund for Our Economic Future , BioEnterprise and Nortech , to identify precisely the region 's untapped potential in emerging technology , health care , energy and manufacturing clusters and then help small - and medium-sized firms meet the demand for new products and services . As in Pittsburgh , these efforts leveraged Northeast Ohio 's stellar network of advanced research institutions and medical campuses , many of which  e.g. , the Cleveland Clinic  sit at the cores of the region 's central cities . The result in less than a decade has been impressive : an additional 10,500 jobs , $ 333 million in payroll , $ 1.9 billion in investments , including the first nationally designated additive manufacturing institute in Youngstown . The examples of Pittsburgh and Northeast Ohio provide a road map for the renewal not only of Detroit but of older industrial cities more generally . RoboCop creator : Detroit shows the film 's fictional future is upon us First , form and sustain a network . Cities and metropolitan areas are powerful because they are networks -- of corporate , philanthropic , university , community and government institutions and leaders . Each element of the network is not big enough or rich enough to power economic restructuring . But , taken together , they have the potential to design and deliver transformative initiatives and interventions . Second , set a distinctive vision for economic growth grounded in your region 's special assets and advantages . Shakespeare was right ; what 's past is prologue . Northeast Ohio , for example , shows how specialties designed for car manufacturing can be repurposed . As Akron 's tire making industry declined , companies working with local universities shifted their focus and research efforts into the related business of polymers . The former Rubber Capital of the World now makes polymers and plastics that can be used in clean energy and biotech . Third , find the series of game changers that have the potential to create jobs in the near term and alter the trajectory of your economy over the long haul . In Pittsburgh and Northeast Ohio , the signature game changer has been collaboration -- among companies , universities , entrepreneurs and supportive institutions -- to help reshape the economy and create a sense of place and to grow quality jobs in quality places . The revival of Detroit is not a fanciful dream ; in fact it has already begun . According to research in progress by the Brookings Institution and The Reinvestment Fund , Detroit 's historic downtown and midtown core is 3 percent of the city 's land mass but home to 37 percent of its jobs , and residential and business growth is underway . This growth includes new corporate residents like Quicken Loans bringing over 7,000 new jobs downtown since 2007 , and older anchor institutions like Wayne State University , Henry Ford Health System and the College for Creative Studies driving over $ 1.8 billion in investments to midtown over the past decade . This resurgence of Detroit 's core builds off the physical "  bones "  such as historic buildings , revised riverfront  of the city and the enviable assets in the broader metropolis , including a relatively high concentration of workers in STEM  science , technology , engineering and math  fields , given the region 's concentration in advanced manufacturing . And the resurgence is stewarded by the leadership of re-energized networks of philanthropies like the New Economy Initiative , as well as the work of capable institutions like the Detroit Economic Growth Corporation , Midtown Detroit and Invest Detroit . With such advantages , now is the time to revive the city from the core and set ambitious goals for housing , job and fiscal growth that benefits all residents . Detroit 's future , in short , is still to be written . Private , civic , and , yes , public investors like the federal government must double down on this momentum , and invest in that future to make it a bright one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Katz and Jennifer Bradley	Bruce Katz , Jennifer Bradley : Revival in Ohio , Pittsburgh should give hope to Detroit They say after steel 's collapse , Pittsburgh diversified economy based on ` eds and meds ' They say in Ohio , philanthropies pooled resources to tap into cities ' potential strengths Writers : Some of these strategies already underway in Detroit ; story 's not over yet
CNN  -- Unrest intensified over the weekend in Ukraine , further raising fears of a civil war or invasion by Russia . On Friday , 46 people died in clashes in the port city of Odessa . On Sunday , pro-Russian forces stormed the city 's police station and secured the freedom of protesters who had been arrested as part of Friday 's unrest . Here 's a look at the situation on the ground in Ukraine and what might happen should the violence continue to escalate : Is Ukraine sliding toward civil war ? It 's a very real possibility , analysts say . Russia appears to be guiding the country in that direction by inciting unrest between pro-Russian interests and Ukrainian forces , said former U.S. diplomat Christopher Hill . By sowing the seeds of unrest , Russia can make it appear that the government in Kiev is incapable of governing . "  So I think the Russians have a real interest in keeping this type of crisis going , hoping it can even go to a kind of civil war and basically justify whatever it is that they want to do , " Hill said Sunday on CNN . Will Russia send in troops to support its interests in eastern Ukraine ? Russian officials have said all along that they reserve the right to send troops into Ukraine to protect Russian citizens and Russian speakers against violence and discrimination by what they 've termed the fascist , neo-Nazi government in Kiev . The risk of such an intervention will increase if Ukraine 's military operation against pro-Russian forces results in significant casualties , IHS Jane 's concluded last week . The latest U.S. intelligence shows no signs of an imminent invasion , a senior U.S. official told CNN . Would it take advantage of the opportunity to annex a pro-Russian part of Moldova ? Although there 's no sign of any such move , NATO 's commander , Gen. Philip Breedlove , said in late March that he feared Russia had amassed enough troops to roll across Ukraine and take Transnistria , a separatist , pro-Russian region of Moldova . "  We know that capability absolutely exists to do that and cause that problem , " he said March 23 . "  We do n't know about the intent . What we do see is some of the same rhetoric that was used when they went into Crimea . So if that is the first intention of -- indication of intent , then that 's very worrisome . " What do we know about the capabilities of the Ukrainian military ? Ukraine has about 139,000 troops , 735 tanks and 25 ships . It spent about $ 1.6 billion on its military in 2012 . Compare that to Russia , which spent $ 78 billion on its military in 2012 and has 774,500 troops . Analysts say Ukraine 's military is built more to guard against internal unrest and is not geared toward preventing an invasion . Was n't Ukraine once part of Russia ? It has spent more time as part of Russia or the Soviet Union than it has as an independent country since the late 1700s , when the Russian empire conquered it . It was briefly independent shortly after World War I but then became part of the Soviet Union , where it remained until that regime ended in 1991 .	Analysts say civil war in Ukraine is a real possibility Violence also heightens concerns over Russia 's intentions Ukraine 's military is dwarfed by Russia 's
CNN  -- A prosthetic leg thought to be that of missing 10-year-old Zahra Baker has been found in a brushy area off a North Carolina road , Chief Tom Adkins of the Hickory , North Carolina , police said Wednesday . Police launched a search for Zahra on October 9 , but no one other than a family member has reported seeing her since September 25 , when a woman saw her at a furniture store . The girl 's disappearance is now being probed as a homicide . Adkins said that the prosthetic leg is "  consistent with " that of Zahra , a freckle-faced youngster who lost her leg to bone cancer at age 5 and developed lung cancer a few years later , according to CNN affiliate WCNC . The prosthetic was found late Tuesday afternoon off Christie Road in Caldwell County , he said , and authorities are using its serial number to confirm it belonged to the young girl . Zahra got the leg in Australia , where both her birth parents are from . Meanwhile , authorities focused anew Wednesday on the Hickory home that Zahra Baker lived in with her father , Adam Troy Baker , and her stepmother , Elisa Baker . Police officers and FBI agents were inside the residence late into the evening , finishing up their search focusing in the back of the home . A backhoe and other construction machinery began digging into grounds around the family 's home early in the morning , with investigators using rakes to comb through the dug-up dirt and with police dogs canvassing the area . Additionally , police removed at least one bag of evidence from the house Wednesday morning . "  New information " led to the renewed search inside and outside the home , said Adkins . "  We 're looking for any piece of evidence that can help in that investigation , " he added . A day earlier , employees at Foothills Environmental Landfill in Lenoir , North Carolina , found a mattress that investigators believe belonged to Zahra and was thrown out by her parents in early October -- just days before she was reported missing . The disappearance of Zahra , who had persevered through numerous health battles and wore hearing aids , has made international news . Police said the missing girl 's stepmother , Elisa Baker , admitted last week that she planted a fake ransom note the day after the girl 's disappearance was reported . Initially arrested on October 10 on several charges unrelated to Zahra 's disappearance , including writing worthless checks , Elisa Baker was additionally charged with obstruction of justice for leaving the note . That charge is a felony . She is now cooperating with investigators , Hickory police said in a statement issued Tuesday . The previous day , she had joined police as they searched for evidence at a site near a home she lived in three years ago . Zahra 's father was arrested just after 3 a.m. Monday in nearby Catawba County on eight charges , including five counts of submitting worthless checks and three counts of failing to appear in court . Police earlier acknowledged that Adam Baker faced bad-check charges , which are unrelated to the disappearance of his daughter . But they did not initially arrest him , as he had been helping authorities in their search . Adam Baker was at Charlotte/Douglas International Airport picking up a family member Sunday before he voluntarily went to the Police Department in Hickory , about 60 miles northwest of Charlotte , to talk to authorities . Family members and neighbors have told reporters that Zahra 's stepmother abused her . Her attorney has denied the allegation . Police have said they had been in contact with Zahra 's biological mother in Australia and asked for the girl 's medical records . HLN 's Rupa Mikkileni contributed to this report .	NEW : FBI and police searched late into the night inside Zahra Baker 's home Investigators earlier used a backhoe and rakes to outside the missing girl 's home Police say a prosthetic leg they believe belonged to the 10-year-old girl has been found Both the father and stepmother have been arrested , mostly on unrelated charges
CNN  -- Gil Scott-Heron , dubbed the "  godfather of rap " for his mix of poetry and music , died Friday in New York , his publicist at XL Recordings said . He was 62 . It was not immediately known what killed Scott-Heron , who was best known for the 1970 song "  The Revolution Will Not Be Televised , " a politically and socially charged song that examined the African American condition in America at the time . The song was banned by some radio stations . Scott-Heron died at 4 p.m. at a New York hospital , said Lisa Gottheil , his publicist at XL Recordings . Scott-Heron defined the genre , long-time friend and former bandmate Charlie Saunders told CNN . Saunders worked on Scott-Heron 's 1970 debut album "  Small Talk At 125th & Lenox . " Saunders , a percussionist , said the last time he saw Scott-Heron was about two years ago when he needed a place to stay . "  He came by our house to get himself together . He spent 4 to 5 days and then moved on , " Saunders said . Much of Scott-Heron 's poetry and music reflected his struggles with drugs and alcohol . Born in 1949 , Scott-Heron first gained fame for his poetry and spoken word performances in the late 1960s . By the mid-1970s , he had published two books of poetry and recorded four albums , including "  Small Talk At 125th & Lenox . " His early albums , "  Pieces of a Man " and "  Winter in America , " have been credited with influencing other musical genres , such as hip hop . But it was the song "  The Revolution Will Not Be Televised " that put Scott-Heron on the musical map . His music has been sampled by everyone from Kanye West , who sampled "  Comment # 1 " for his 2010 song "  Who Will Save America , " to Common 's sample of "  No Knock " on his 2008 hit "  Universal Mind Control . " After a 13-year hiatus from making music , Scott-Heron put out a new album last year called "  I 'm New Here . " In a 2008 interview with New York magazine , Scott-Heron revealed he had contracted HIV , the virus that causes AIDS , after years of battling drug and alcohol addictions . In 2001 and 2007 , he was jailed on drug charges . CNN 's Denise Quan and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : Gil Scott-Heron is best known for the 1970 song "  The Revolution Will Not Be Televised " NEW : Scott-Heron 's music has been sampled by hip hop stars , including Kanye West and Common NEW : In 2008 , Scott-Heron told a reporter he had contracted HIV After a 13-year hiatus from making music , Scott-Heron put out a new album last year
CNN  -- Panama has released 32 of 35 detained crew members of a North Korean ship that last year tried to cross the Panama Canal with weapons smuggled aboard , an official said Thursday . Panamanian Attorney General Ana Belfon said that the 32 would be deported Cuba or to other countries . The captain and two other officers of the cargo ship , the Chong Chon Gang , will continue to be held and face charges of arms smuggling , said Nathaniel Murgas , head prosecutor in organized crime . Panama stopped the ship in July and authorities found undeclared weaponry from Cuba -- including MiG fighter jets , anti-aircraft systems and explosives -- buried under thousands of bags of sugar . The Cuban government said the shipment consisted of "  obsolete " weapons being sent to North Korea for repairs before being returned to Cuba . But Panama said they violated United Nations arms sanctions on North Korea . Because it is pursuing nuclear weapons , North Korea is banned by the United Nations from importing and exporting most weapons . Earlier this month , Panamanian authorities said that North Korea would pay a fine of more than half a million dollars for the ship 's release . Authorities had originally imposed a $ 1 million fine on North Korea over the shipment , which they said violated the security of the canal , a key waterway linking the Atlantic and Pacific oceans . That fine was reduced by a third to $ 666,666 , Panama 's Foreign Ministry said in a statement . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	32 of 35 detained crew members are free to go , says Panama 's attorney general Prosecutor : The captain and two other officers face arms smuggling charges Panama says it found fighter jets , explosives aboard North Korean ship last year
Entertainment Weekly  -- In the movies , "  the suburbs " are never just a place . They 're a state of mind , a mythology we all know in our bones . Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio share a happy moment in "  Revolutionary Road . " The myth goes something like this : The suburbs are comfortable , maybe even beautiful , but their serenity is rooted in a friendly American conformity , so that the people who live there have to repress their true selves , which will emerge when they drink too much and have affairs , or rage at each other for their dishonesty , which was all caused in the first place by ... the suburbs . The best thing about "  Revolutionary Road , " a cool-blooded and disquieting adaptation of Richard Yates ' 1961 novel about a powerfully unhappy Connecticut couple , is that it does n't end with that rote vision of bourgeois anomie . It only begins there . Frank and April Wheeler  Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet  are about 30 , with two kids , and both believe they can evade the traps of the existence they 've chosen . The year is 1955 , and Frank has a New York job that bores him , marketing business machines . He takes solace in feeling superior to his work , and also in his midday martinis and occasional dip into the secretarial pool . April , meanwhile , wanted to be an actress , and still feels she 's meant for higher things . Watch DiCaprio and Winslet talk about their reunion " Moved to reach for something more , April comes up with a plan : She and Frank will sell their home and move to Paris , where she 'll work as a government secretary and he will ... find himself .  It 's like a '60s fantasy a decade ahead of time .  "  Revolutionary Road " was directed by Sam Mendes , who made the glibly scathing "  American Beauty , " only here he wants us to share not just Frank and April 's misery but the frail reveries that hold them together . The escape-to-Paris idea is naive , impractical -- a pipe dream . Yet it 's fueled by something Mendes captures about the '50s , an era when people often had deep imaginative sparks that exceeded their ability to voice them . Winslet has the tricky job of making us see the glimmer of wisdom in April 's cockeyed plan , and she pulls it off , even as DiCaprio 's Frank -- chipper , forthright , wholesome even in betrayal -- tugs the couple back to reality . "  Revolutionary Road " has deception , adultery , operatic shouting , the then-forbidden specter of abortion , and a few scenes that spotlight the remarkable performance of Michael Shannon as John Givings , a mathematician who 's been hospitalized for insanity , and who proves how unfit for society he is by making every acid comment cut to the truths that no one else will speak . The film is lavishly dark -- some might say too dark -- yet I 'd suggest it has a different limitation : For all its shattering domestic discord , there 's something remote and aestheticized about it . April brings a private well of conflict to her middle-class prison , but Winslet is so meticulous in her telegraphed despair that she intrigues us , moves us , yet never quite touches our unguarded nerves . EW Grade : B + CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Revolutionary Road " story of two suburbanites wanting to break free Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet give good performances Movie suffers from some glibness , but many parts cut through
CNN  -- Serena and Venus Williams may still be the players to beat on the women 's circuit while Andy Roddick has enjoyed a recent renaissance on the men 's tour but strip away this illustrious trio and there are real fears for the future of American tennis . Roddick remains the only U.S. male in the top 10 of the ATP Tour rankings , with John Isner and Sam Querrey solid performers in the 20s . On the WTA Tour , Serena and Venus are at No. 1 and No. 4 but then there is a gap to promising teenager Melanie Oudin at 36 , with three other women occupying spots in the lower reaches of the top 100 . For a nation with the tennis pedigree of the United States , and with its three standard bearers in their late 20s , it is a worrying trend which Roddick says is a product of the talent pool in the United States being diluted . Are Federer 's rivals pretenders to the throne ? "  I think our best athletes probably get spread out across 10 or 12 different sports , " he told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  Where in Serbia -- with the success of Novak  Djokovic  and the other girls on tour and guy players too . It 's kind of become the sport there . "  Their best athletes -- have been funneled into tennis . In the States -- I feel like it 's funneled into football , baseball , and basketball . There are so many different options that it might water down the talent pool for a given sport , " he added . Nick Bollettieri , whose famous tennis academy has produced the likes of Andre Agassi and Maria Sharapova , agrees with Roddick . "  Look you have cheerleading , you have basketball , you have lacrosse , you have basketball , football , you have everything , " he told CNN . "  You have marathons , running , we have a variety of things . I believe you have to go for one sport and dedicate your life to it and also have some talent . " Bollettieri also believes the worldwide growth of tennis with many more countries now producing top-ranked players is responsible for the relative decline in U.S. standards . "  Let 's go back to the 80 's and 90 's . Basically there were six countries playing and we certainly we were right up on top and if you look at the world today you have China -- unbelievable ladies and India , you have Japan , the Czech Republic , you have Serbia , you have everybody playing , " he said . Bollettieri also questions the failure of U.S. tennis to discover talent at grassroots level from working class backgrounds . "  How many of the kids playing today come from poor families ? How many have come from the inner city where there is a possibility they can be somebody ? It is very difficult today in America to get players to commit , " he added . In response to the problem , the U.S. Tennis Association  USTA  has charged Patrick McEnroe with developing its elite young players , combining this role with captaining their Davis Cup team . McEnroe , whose brother John topped the world rankings in the 1980s , agrees with Roddick about the attractions of other sports , but is not going to make it an excuse for failure . "  We 've got to do a better job , " he told CNN . "  We need to find those players and train them more systematically . " He says he has been given sufficient funding and resources by the USTA , but says no amount of money can develop a grand slam winner if the talent is not there . "  I 'm not sure you could create a champion . I 'm not sure that 's possible , but I think you can create an environment where you will get a lot of really good players , hopefully if you do that , you will get the Serena Williams , the Andy Roddicks . " he added . Pete Sampras , the last American man to top the world rankings , has no doubt the USTA made the right choice in selecting McEnroe to his role two years ago . "  Patrick is a good friend , a great Davis Cup captain and a solid ambassador for the sport of tennis . I wish him nothing but the best and will help in any way I can , " he told the USTA official Web site . Despite the support for McEnroe , the flow of young U.S. talent onto the professional circuit remains a trickle rather than the hoped for flood . Current hopes are the Harrisons , 17-year-old Ryan and his younger brother Christian , who are both at the Bollettieri Academy . Ryan became the third-youngest player to win an ATP Tour match at 15 and Bollettieri believes he has the talent to make it to the top from his current ranking in the mid 200s . "  He certainly has the ingredients and that is what this academy does . It provides the basis and then it is up to you and how you want to compete and if you can deal with competition , " he added . Despite the talent of the likes of the Harrisons and more established young players such as Oudin and Isner , Bollettieri does not believe that future success is guaranteed . "  Pat has got a tough job , not impossible but he is the one who is going to have to go out , get all the good coaches , support them and get the good players with the good players and work with the colleges . "  But you are still going to have to seek out the hungry athletes , " he added . In the meantime , Roddick , who scored a superb victory in the Miami Masters 100 tournament recently , is hoping that Isner and Querrey can step up to the plate to give him some support in the upper echelons of the world game . "  I 've been real excited that Sam and John have been playing well . I 'm certainly always welcome to have some home company in the top ten or so , " he said .	U.S. suffering from a lack of depth below stars such Williams sisters and Andy Roddick Roddick believes talent is being diluted because youngsters can choose so many sports Famous talent scout Nick Bollettieri says players have to have the hunger to succeed Patrick McEnroe has been charged by U.S. tennis to find more world class stars
Dangjin , South Korea  CNN  -- Steelmakers are known to be one of the worst polluters in manufacturing , but South Korea 's newest plant claims it is designed to go green . Hyundai Steel 's Dangjin plant , which sits an hour and a half south of Seoul on the west coast , is the youngest steel plant in the world and has adopted new technologies to ensure it stand out from others . By simply enclosing storage and transport routes for raw material , they are able to prevent dust particles from entering the surrounding areas . The facility , which includes 35 kilometers  21 miles  of conveyor belts fully enclosed and state-of-the-art storage domes , cost Hyundai Steel roughly $ 5.5 billion to build . The two blast furnaces produce eight million tons of steel a year . It is no small investment , but the steelmaker believes it will earn its way back in no time . "  With the encapsulated storage system , we minimize loss of raw material so that may be $ 20 million a year  that we are saving  , " said Hyundai Steel 's senior executive vice president Cho Won-suk . Other steelmakers lose roughly 0.5 % in raw materials annually by keeping them in the open , subjecting the material to rain and wind , according to Hyundai . The idea is simple but conventional players elsewhere see it as a large investment that would require a new layout for the steel plant . Hyundai 's Dangjin plant , which blew in its blast furnace at the beginning of last year , was designed to accommodate the green system from the beginning . Dangjin also boasts its recycling byproducts emitted during the process of burning and melting raw materials . The company says it recycles 100 % of its byproducts which supplies 80 % of the operation energy at the plant . "  The byproduct gas contains energy and has some value . For example , it contains carbon monoxide , hydrogen and methane , so the byproduct gas can be utilized for heating up furnaces in the plant , " vice president Cho said . To make sure Hyundai is meeting its standards as a green steelmaker , it monitors its emission output around the clock which is not only reported to the government but is also open to the public . The steelmaker keeps its pollution levels below half of the government 's regulations , according to Hyundai 's technical research center manager , Park Eung-yeul . Its tight relationship with its sister companies , Hyundai Motor and Hyundai Construction , is also enhancing its efforts to become more green . Not only does Hyundai Steel supply car parts to Hyundai Motor , the old cars at the end of their cycle come back to the steelmaker as scrap metal to be melted down and used once again . The rougher steel produced from scrap metal can then be used at construction sites . Despite these efforts , tackling CO2 emissions remains an ongoing challenge . But the company 's dedicated task force team continue the drive towards producing environmentally-friendly energy and removing the obstacles in the way of even cleaner steel production .	Hyundai is reducing emissions at its steel plant in Dangjin , South Korea Facility which includes 35 kilometers of conveyor belts cost around $ 5.5 billion to build Plant has enclosed its storage and transport routes to limit dust entering surrounding area Company says it recycles all of its byproducts and monitors its emissions 24 hours a day
Editor 's note : Randall Balmer , an Episcopal priest , is professor of American religious history at Barnard College , Columbia University , and a visiting professor at Emory University . His most recent book is "  God in the White House : How Faith Shaped the Presidency from John F. Kennedy to George W. Bush . " Randall Balmer supports Obama 's unusual broadening of a president 's words to include nonbelievers . NEW YORK  CNN  -- President Obama 's mention of "  nonbelievers " in his inaugural address represents an important broadening of the circle of acceptability in American life , an acknowledgement of our growing diversity and a fuller embrace of the principles articulated in our nation 's charter documents . One of the hallmarks of American life , dating to the 17th century , is its religious pluralism . The Atlantic seaboard during the colonial period was home to everyone from Puritans , Roman Catholics and Dutch Reformed to Quakers , Baptists , Presbyterians , Swedish Lutherans , Anglicans , Huguenots , Mennonites and Schwenckfelders . Jews arrived in New Amsterdam in 1654 , refugees from South America after the Portuguese takeover of Recifé . Somehow it all worked , especially in the crucible of religious pluralism in the Middle Colonies : New York , New Jersey and Pennsylvania , where William Penn launched his "  Holy Experiment " of religious toleration . In the context of the New World , these religious groups learned to coexist with remarkably little conflict , and when it came time to configure the new nation , the founders in their wisdom elected not to designate any group as the state religion . "  Congress shall make no law respecting the establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof , " the First Amendment to the United States Constitution reads . This provision set up a kind of free market for religion in America , allowing religious groups to compete in a marketplace unfettered by government interference . Indeed , American history is littered with religious entrepreneurs  to extend the economic metaphor  who have peddled their wares in this marketplace and thereby contributed to the vigor and vitality of American religious life . The story of religion in America life has been one of expansion and ever-increasing diversity . Although Roman Catholics were present in the colonial period -- Maryland , named for the wife of Charles I , was founded by Catholics from England -- Catholics arrived in great numbers from Ireland , Germany and Italy over the course of the 19th century . Many Protestants , their hegemony threatened , resisted , sometimes with violence . Jews from Germany and Eastern Europe came as well . Most of the resistance was episodic . With notable -- albeit unfortunate -- exceptions , we Americans eventually rise to our better selves and embrace the principles of equality and toleration enshrined in our charter documents . And we can trace these changes in our rhetoric . The term "  Judeo-Christian , " although coined late in the 19th century , became popular in the 1930s as the clouds of war were gathering in Europe . In 1955 , after World War II , when so many sons of Jewish and Catholic immigrants fought the Axis powers , sociologist Will Herberg published a book entitled "  Protestant-Catholic-Jew , " arguing that any of these religious expressions was legitimately "  American . " The following decade saw still more changes . The civil rights struggle brought the vibrancy of African-American religious life to national attention , and Lyndon Johnson 's signature on the Hart-Cellar Immigration Act in 1965 removed immigration quotas . In the decades since , the arrival of people from around the world , especially from South Asia and Southeast Asia , has literally recast the religious landscape of the United States . Muslim mosques , Hindu temples , Sikh Gurdwäräs and Buddhist stupas have sprouted across the nation , from cities to the countryside . And our rhetoric has evolved as well . Whereas America might once have been described as a "  Protestant " nation and then a "  Christian " nation  to reflect the inclusion of Roman Catholics  , we moved to "  Judeo-Christian " and then "  Protestant-Catholic-Jew . " More recently , we have talked about the "  Abrahamic Traditions , " Jews , Christians and Muslims , thereby broadening the circle to include Islam , one of the three major monotheistic religions . Even with this broadening landscape , however , presidents have generally acknowledged only believers and failed to mention atheists or agnostics . Our rhetoric , in fact , has always lagged behind our reality . When President Obama declared , "  We are a nation of Christians and Muslims , Jews and Hindus and nonbelievers , " he sent a signal that it 's time , once again , to enlarge the circle of inclusiveness , consistent with the great American tradition of equality and toleration . Although I 'm sure that Buddhists and Jains and Sikhs and countless other religious adherents would like to have been included in the president 's roll call , the message was clear : We are a diverse nation , and the "  free exercise " of religion guaranteed in the First Amendment also protects the exercise of no religion at all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Randall Balmer .	Randall Balmer : It 's unusual for a president to include nonbelievers in his words He says America has widened its circle of religion for hundreds of years Balmer says rhetoric has grown to include Jews , Muslims , Hindus The First Amendment makes it appropriate to recognize nonbelievers , he says
CNN  -- The furor over Jerry Sandusky has died down some now that the former Penn State football coach has been convicted of serial child sexual abuse . But for Gerry Sandusky , a sportscaster for the Baltimore Ravens , the backlash continues . Not that Gerry Sandusky has done anything wrong . His only offense is that he shares the same name with the man who preyed on young boys and who was convicted on 45 counts related to child sex abuse . Take a look at recent postings on Gerry Sandusky 's Twitter page . A woman named Jessica wrote " @GerrySandusky you 're a disgusting vile human . " Sandusky responded : "  Wrong guy . I 'm Gerry with a G. Baltimore sportscaster . No relation to the former Penn St coach who spells his name with a J. " Another person tweeted : "  hope you get knifed in prison . " Another asked : " @GerrySandusky I 'm just confused ... why would you do such things to children ? #mean " Sandusky said he received thousands of these messages . And he is trying to stay patient . "  The general consensus is people inviting me to an extended stay in hell , or a miserable death or prison rape , " Sandusky said . "  I received a lot of F-bombs . I can understand the confusion . It is an emotional , heinous crime . I can understand the reactions . You just have to keep a sense of humor with this . " Sandusky said he knew he would be in for a tough time back in November when the Jerry Sandusky scandal first broke . The sports announcer said he was riding in the team bus as the Ravens were on their way to play the Pittsburgh Steelers . Everybody on the team bus was chatting and many were shooting stares at him . Sandusky went to see what all the commotion was about and then quickly realized he would be forever tied to one the most salacious sports scandals of all time . "  I thought to myself this was not going to go away for awhile , " Sandusky said . The attacks and negative messages started right after the news broke , they intensified during the trial and got even worse after the verdict . Sandusky changed his biography on his Twitter page to say "  I am Gerry with a G. Baltimore sportscaster . No relation to the former Penn State coach . " But that did not stop the attacks . Christian H. from Connecticut was one of the many who sent Sandusky a nasty tweet . "  At first glance I thought it was him . In my mind Sandusky is a sick animal and should n't be here , " said the 21-year-old who did not want his last name used because he feels bad about what he wrote on Twitter . "  I definitely feel for the guy . I respect his work in sports , but he needs to change his name because people are going to keep messing with him . " Sandusky said he is not going to change his name , and he refuses to let the other infamous Sandusky hijack the brand he has built working in sports for more than 30 years . In fact , Sandusky said he interviewed the other Jerry Sandusky early in his career in 1987 when he worked at a Miami television station . He went to the Fiesta Bowl when the Miami Hurricanes played Penn State and interviewed Jerry Sandusky for about 10 minutes . "  He seemed normal like any other football coach , " said Sandusky . "  I did a little novelty story about our names being the same . Little did I know that 30 years later that name thing would cause so much trouble for me . "	Gerry Sandusky , a sports broadcaster , has been mistaken as Jerry Sandusky Sandusky has received thousands of hateful messages "  You 're a disgusting vile human being , " one message said
New Brunswick , New Jersey  CNN  -- The man with whom Tyler Clementi had a sexual encounter is soon expected to take the stand in the trial of a former Rutgers University student accused of spying on Clementi . Wednesday marked the fourth day of Dharun Ravi 's trial . Prosecutors say he and another student placed a camera in Clementi 's dorm room without his knowledge to allegedly spy on his encounter with the man . Prosecutors have withheld the man 's name , listing him only as "  M.B. , " to protect his identity . He is expected to testify Thursday . Just days after the webcam incident in 2010 , Clementi committed suicide by jumping off the George Washington Bridge , which connects New Jersey and Manhattan . Ravi , 20 , now faces a 15-count indictment in Clementi 's death that includes hate crime charges , charges of invasion of privacy , bias intimidation , tampering with physical evidence , witness tampering and hindering apprehension or prosecution . If convicted , he faces up to 10 years in prison . Last year , he turned down a plea deal that would have allowed him to avoid jail time . The deal offered by Middlesex County prosecutors would have required the former student to undergo 600 hours of community service , counseling and to dispose of any information that could identify the man who appeared in the web video with Clementi . Prosecutors also offered to help Ravi avoid deportation , though they said they could not guarantee it . Ravi is a citizen of India who had been studying on a visa at the New Jersey university . On Tuesday , the second student charged in the case took the stand again , saying she felt "  sad " and "  overwhelmed " in the wake of the incident . Molly Wei , 19 , reached a plea deal that requires her to testify against Ravi . "  Police officers told me that they believe Tyler is missing and that he possibly committed suicide and I was feeling very -- I was sad , overwhelmed . I felt very bad if anything had happened , " Wei told jurors during her second day of testimony . Prosecutor : "  These acts were purposeful " Should Wei complete a three-year program on cyberbullying , as well as 300 hours of community service without any additional legal troubles , charges against her for allegedly watching the video will be dropped , according to prosecutors . She also testified about when she learned of messages Ravi allegedly sent about the stream . "  I was very surprised because my friends brought it up , and I had no idea how they knew , but they said that Dharun had told them . ... They told me about these Twitter , tweets , that they received on Tuesday about him trying to have a viewing party , " said Wei . Less than a month after Clementi 's suicide , President Barack Obama released a videotaped message condemning bullying . In November , Clementi 's family consented to the use of his name on federal anti-harassment legislation called the "  Tyler Clementi Higher Education Anti-Harassment Act . " The proposed law would require schools that receive federal student aid "  to create policies prohibiting the harassment of any student , " said Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey .	NEW : A key witness is expected to testify Thursday Ravi faces a 15-count indictment that includes hate crime charges He is accused of streaming footage of his roommate having sex with another man Roommate Tyler Clementi killed himself , jumping from the George Washington Bridge
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- What seemed like hundreds of anti-government protesters gathered near Sanaa University in Yemen 's capital early Thursday morning , a clear indication that many in the country were not satisfied with President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's recent announcement that he would not seek re-election . Demonstrators had said they would continue Thursday with a planned "  Day of Rage " march in Yemen despite Saleh 's concession Saleh on Wednesday . Trying to quell a growing discontent in the country , Saleh said he will not seek re-election once his current term ends in 2013 , after more than three decades in office . He wo n't install his son to replace him also , he said . He also has asked his political opponents "  to re-engage in dialogue in hopes of reaching a sustainable and reconcilable political agreement , " the Yemeni government said . Thursday 's protest come amidst a similiar ongoing unrest in Egypt and a revolt in Tunisia that forced that nation 's longtime strongman to flee to Saudi Arabia in mid-January . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Saleh has been in office for 32 years He has said he will not seek re-election The protests in Yemen come amid a string of uprisings in the region
CNN  -- Real Madrid saw off city rivals Atletico Madrid 2-0 on Sunday night to maintain their leadership of Spain 's La Liga . First half goals from Ricardo Carvalho and Mesut Ozil within the space of six minutes settled an incident-packed derby in which both sides carved out a string of chances . It left Real a point clear of champions Barcelona , who beat Getafe 3-1 in an earlier kickoff in which both teams ended with 10 men . Former Chelsea defender Carvalho took advantage of a deflected pass to run through to score the Real opener while German international midfielder Ozil scored direct from a free kick . Barcelona kept the pressure on with a display of superb attacking football with Lionel Messi putting them ahead midway through the first half after a fine pass from David Villa . Villa added the second before halftime and it was 3-0 after the break as Messi set up Pedro Rodriguez . Manu del Moral pulled a goal back from the penalty spot after Barca 's Gerard Pique handled in the penalty area and was sent off for his second bookable offence . Getafe later had Derek Boateng sent off for a second yellow card . Third-placed Villarreal kept up their title challenge with a 4-1 home win over Athletic Bilbao to maintain their 100 per cent home record . Villarreal fell behind when Fernando Llorente headed home but Nilmar quickly equalized . Santi Cazorla put Villarreal ahead before halftime and with Athletic down to 10 men after Jon Aurtenetxe was shown red , Guiseppe Rossi added a third and Jefferson Montero completed the scoring .	Real Madrid beat Atletico Madrid 2-0 to stay top of Spanish standings Goals from Ricardo Carvalho and Mesut Ozil give Real victory Barcelona thrash Getafe 3-1 with Lionel Messi scoring opener Vilarreal keep pace with 4-1 home win over Athletic Bilbao
London  CNN  -- It 's the place where countless teenagers have spent a Saturday afternoon meeting friends and browsing racks , but now one of the world 's oldest music retailers is in difficulties after its management announced this week it was going into administration . When HMV opened its first store on London 's Oxford Street in 1921 , it sold gramophones , sheet music and recordings . In the 1960s , The Beatles cut their first demo in the store 's studio and in the 1980s , Live Aid founder Bob Geldof opened HMV 's Oxford Circus shop -- believed to be the world 's biggest entertainment store . But the chain of more than 200 stores has failed to keep up in the digital age -- putting 4,000 jobs at risk . Industry analysts look at the reasons for the store 's demise . How did HMV end up in this position ? The music industry has undergone many changes over HMV 's long history but perhaps one of the most significant developments has been the growth of digital recordings . In a 2012 report , the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry  IFPI  said CD and other physical recorded music sales had dropped from 145.8 million units in 2007 to 92.1 million in 2011 -- a slump of more than 20 % . This contrasted with a rise in sales of single digital tracks and digital albums combined from 84.2 million units in 2007 to 202.8 million units in 2011 -- that 's more than double in four years . Kantar Worldpanel estimated that in 2011 HMV was still the largest retailer in the UK 's recorded music market -- with its digital and physical sales accounting for 22.9 % of overall expenditure . But its figures showed that Amazon was catching up , with 22.4 % . Of that 22.4 % market share , 14.3 % came from home delivery and 4.4 % from digital downloads . Singer David Bowie put the importance of the download into focus by releasing his latest single on iTunes last week rather than on CD . According to Kantar Worldpanel , iTunes had 12.8 % of the UK 's music market share in 2011 . Why did n't HMV do well in the digital market place ? In fairness , HMV hung on longer than its rivals over the last 20 years like Tower Records , Our Price , Virgin Megastore and , latterly , Zavvi . HMV has invested in the online market , selling music from HMV.com and in 2009 buying a 50 % stake in smaller digital company 7Digital -- but analysts believe the company left its run too late . Matt Piner -- retail research director for research agency Conlumino -- says HMV "  failed to keep up " and that by the time the company focused on online sales the key players had already been established . "  Because HMV was n't able to break into that strong core group of players it was always going end up in this situation . " What does the future look like for other in store music and video retailers ? There are only a few hundred independent record stores left in Britain and Conlumino estimates that by 2015 about 90 % of music and video sales will be made online . Supermarkets and non-specialist stores are expected to make up some of the 10 % of sales Conlumino predicts will still be made in store by 2014 . With more innovative ways of accessing music -- through online streaming , Spotify and Sky Box Office for example -- the physical product is likely to play a much more depleted role . "  By the end of the decade , the physical product will be seen as a thing of the past , " Piner says . What advantages do the online competition have ? HMV 's real estate costs -- to maintain a presence in city centers -- as well as staff wages , gave it overheads that can be avoided by some online competitors . But campaign group UK Uncut argues that rivals such as Amazon also have an advantage in the way they pay tax . Spokesman Mark Williams says the British government has failed to tackle tax avoidance . "  Now that failure appears to be one of the main reasons companies like HMV can no longer compete with tax avoiding giants like Amazon , " he says . Amazon has yet to respond to multiple requests for comment from CNN . Is any action being taken to change the tax situation ? In a speech in December 2012 , British Prime Minister David Cameron said he was putting the issue of low taxes paid by multinationals "  at the top of the agenda " for the G8 summit . "  It 's simply not fair and not right what some of them are doing by saying , I 've got lots of sales here in the UK but I 'm going to pay a sort of royalty fee to another company that I own in another country that has some special tax dispensation , " he said . Similarly , France is looking at why multinationals are able to avoid paying sales tax when selling to French consumers . The country 's technology minister is also considering ways of ensuring internet giants help subsidize the networks they run on . Earlier this year , the BBC reported that Jersey-based Play.com was shutting down its online retail business after the government closed the Low Value Consignment Relief  LVCR  loophole . The LVCR allowed items valued at less than Â # 15 to avoid sales tax in the UK . What allure do record shops have in a digital age ? Online shopping and digital downloads may be convenient , but some argue they lack the "  romance " of a traditional record store , especially one with informed staff . Q Magazine 's associate editor Paul Stokes says consumers can actually talk to people in shops and benefit from the curation that sales staff can provide . "  The great thing about record shops as opposed to online is that you can go in and see racks , " he says . "  That 's the big thing -- that sort of spotting things and thinking ` great I want to listen to that ' . " Online shoppers tend to type in the specific name of a band whose music they are interested in , reducing the likelihood of a chance purchase , Stokes says . "  It would be a real detriment to the culture to lose a high street presence across the country because I think it 's one way that people discover things that they were n't looking for . " What about the impact of online shopping on other products ? HMV Group owned book retailer Waterstones between 1998 and 2011 . In December 2011 , the chain 's new managing director -- James Daunt -- told The Independent newspaper that he regarded online retailer Amazon as "  a ruthless , money-making devil . " Daunt said computers were a "  terrible environment " in which to select books . "  All that ` If you read this , you 'll like that ' -- it 's a dismal way to recommend books . A physical bookshop in which you browse , see , hold , touch and feel books is the environment you want . " He nonetheless acknowledged that Waterstones was developing its own e-book . And six months later Waterstones announced it would sell an e-book reader in its stores -- the Amazon Kindle .	HMV to go into administration after more than 90 years in business Music retail chain has more than 200 stores and 4,000 staff in Britain Analysts say HMV failed to keep up with digital revolution , as in-store sales fall Critics say foreign-based companies are able to avoid UK tax
CNN  -- Apple 's fingerprint sensor , Touch ID , is the flagship feature on the iPhone 5S . But it does n't always work the way it should . Since the sensor 's introduction in September , a growing number of issues have surfaced -- including everything from phones that do n't recognize when a finger is present to those that do n't approve fingerprints they 're supposed to approve . What 's going on here ? While faulty software or hardware could be to blame in a few cases , the problem might also be you . Determining the real culprit requires a closer look at how Apple 's sensor technology really works . Touch ID is composed of an 8 x 8 millimeter , 170-micron-thick capacitive sensor located just beneath the home button on the 5s . This is used to capture a 500-pixel-per-inch  ppi  resolution image of your fingerprint . The sensor can read pores , ridges , and valleys . It can identify arches , loops , and whorls . It can even recognize fingerprints oriented in any direction . When you place your finger or thumb on the sensor , it looks at the fingerprint pattern on the conductive sub-dermis layer of skin located underneath the dermis layer . It also measures the differences in conductivity between the tops of the ridges and the bottoms of the valleys in your prints in this layer . This is more accurate than looking at the dead surface of the skin alone , which is constantly changing and is n't conductive . 13 of the Year 's Best Infographics This capacitive sensor is made of raw silicon . As such , it tends to be very fragile and susceptible to performance problems caused by dust , moisture , and electrostatic discharge , or ESD . To protect and insulate the sensor , Apple layered laser-cut sapphire crystal on top of the silicon . It chose sapphire for a few reasons . The material is very clear , and it acts as a lens for your fingerprint . It 's also hard  it scores a 9 on the Mohs scale of hardness  , which means it 's difficult to scratch . If the home button does get scraped or scuffed , the images sent to the Touch ID sensor will be flawed and it will cease to work properly . What 's more , a stainless steel ring encircles the button and acts as a capacitive touch switch , turning the actual touch sensor on and off when a finger is present so it does n't eat up your iPhone 's battery life . Which Should You Buy : Xbox One or PlayStation 4 ? After you register your fingerprint -- a process known as enrolling -- an encrypted mathematical representation of that information is stored on the device 's A7 processor in what 's called the "  secure enclave . " When the sensor captures an image , software algorithms determine whether the print is a match with the stored information or not . A match allows access to the homescreen . A non-match wo n't . There are obviously a few possible points of failure in this process , but it all hinges on first getting that robust fingerprint data . "  Any good biometric has to start with a high-quality image , " Integrated Biometrics ' CEO Steve Thies told Wired . His company makes a variety of compact fingerprint sensors that use a different method from Apple 's Touch ID  electroluminescence and a thin film transistor  to read fingerprints . Basically , the larger the sensor , the easier it is to pick up a more accurate representation of your full fingerprint because it 's working with more data . This makes it easier for recognition algorithms to confirm that your fingerprint actually belongs to you . But a larger sensor also introduces two problems : cost , in the case of a capacitive scanner like Apple 's , and thickness , in the case of another popular fingerprint technology , optical sensing .  You 've probably used the latter at the DMV or gym . The 13 Best Movies You Did n't See in 2013 Based on what we 've seen from Apple 's patent applications , it 's highly likely the company considered other implementations of a touch sensor . But ultimately , it opted for a smaller version that could more easily fit inside the home button . Apple partially gets around the small sensor issue using the enrollment process , which includes rolling your finger around to try to capture every microscopic nook and cranny on your finger . Then , at least , it has a large source to pull from , even if it 's only scanning a section of that each time you tap your finger . Still , the less data you have from a fingerprint to process , the harder it is to get a match . Precise Biometrics COO Patrik Lindeberg offers a good analogy : If you have a picture of a face and you see only a small part of that picture -- the eyes , or part of one eye -- it will be hard to recognize if it is a friend , or someone you do n't know . If you have the full face , it 's easy to process . Seeing only a portion of a fingerprint sets higher and higher requirements on software algorithms , Lindeberg says . Indeed , the more sensitive the algorithm  to get a more exact match  , the more false-negatives  failed when it should have passed  are produced , which may frustrate a valid user , according to Kevin Luowitz , CTO of biometric identity service startup CLEAR . 16 Gifts Every Music Freak Will Love "  The challenge is then to find that happy balance of acceptable false-negatives and false-positives and user experience , " Luowitz says . For security 's sake , you would want the algorithm to veer towards false-negatives rather than false-positives . Apple 's Touch ID algorithm is designed to learn and improve over time -- with each scan , it checks if it is a better reading than what is stored , and can update the master data for your print this way . This algorithm could certainly be changed or improved through iOS updates , as well . User error , and a lack of knowledge about biometrics and how they work , could also be causing some people 's issues with Touch ID . "  A lot of us in the industry , we are very impressed by the job Apple has done with Touch ID , " Lindeberg said . "  But on the consumer side , a lot of people have never used biometrics at all . " Twitter Founder Reveals Secret Formula for Getting Rich Online There are a variety of small things that could be going on to interrupt a successful Touch ID experience . First , for it to work properly , your finger needs to make contact not just with the sapphire of the home button , but also the stainless steel ring surrounding it . Next , the sensor itself works by measuring electrical differences between the ridges and valleys of your fingerprints . If your hands are too dry , it 's going to be difficult for your print to be recognized  this could be a growing problem in the dry winter months ahead  . Conversely , if your fingers are too moist or oily , recognition can also fail , as those valleys get filled . If the button gets dirty , as it likely will over time , you 'll also want to clean it to keep Touch ID working properly . Apple suggests using a clean , lint-free cloth . But what about that touch sensor itself ? Some have worried that , like traditional capacitive-based fingerprint sensors , it will degrade over time . Thies of Integrated Biometrics thinks that as long as the sapphire crystal and metal ring are not damaged and are properly sealed , the sensor should last the life of the phone . Capacitive sensors in the past were unprotected , or covered in a very thin layer of carbon , and thus were very fragile . The Best Map Ever Made of America 's Racial Segregation For those experiencing Touch ID issues that cause their phone to freeze , or to not work as well over time , restarting the phone or recalibrating the sensor are your best bets . And if you 're new to Touch ID or having trouble , Apple also has a guide you can reference for help . Fingerprint sensors may not be a new technology . But Touch ID is certainly a new implementation of it . It 's bound to experience some bumps as Apple tweaks its algorithms , and as users get accustomed to using biometrics on a daily basis . At the very least , by understanding how it works and the inherent pitfalls of fingerprint sensors , we can help minimize those issues ourselves . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Apple 's fingerprint sensor on the iPhone 5S does n't always work the way it should Some iPhones do n't approve fingerprints they 're supposed to approve Sensor is susceptible to problems caused by dust , moisture , and electrostatic discharge , User error could also be causing some people 's issues with the Touch ID system
CNN  -- The Arkansas Department of Health says it has begun contacting about 100 patients -- ranging in age from 14 to 22 -- who were treated by Dr. William Jarrod Stewart at six dental clinics around the state between November 20 , 2011 , and February 20 , 2012 . The department is recommending that patients who fall into that time frame be screened for infection . Based on information received from the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration , the health department has concluded that some of the drugs used by Stewart may have been contaminated with infectious material , the department said . Stewart had a substance abuse problem and completed a lengthy rehabilitation program in 2010 , said Bill Trice , an attorney for the Arkansas Board of Dental Examiners . Stewart died on February 29 , 2012 , according to health department spokesman Ed Barham . After his death , the DEA conducted an audit and found two vials of the sedative Demerol that appeared to have been tampered with , Trice said . He said he could not confirm what infectious diseases may be involved , and it is not clear whether Stewart had any diseases . "  Some level of testing was performed on the vials , and so far no diseases have been found , " Trice said . The warning , therefore , is mostly precautionary , he said . If Stewart were alive , the board of examiners would bring him in for testing , Trice said . In March , Oklahoma dentist Dr. W. Scott Harrington surrendered his license after that state 's health investigators said patients may have been exposed to HIV and hepatitis at his suburban Tulsa clinic . The first lawsuit in that case -- which affects 7,000 patients -- was filed Monday . Christina Quin , whose wisdom teeth were removed by Harrington in 2009 , filed a lawsuit seeking damages of more than $ 75,000 in Tulsa County . The lawsuit alleges that she became ill with an infection after the procedure . It took six weeks for Quin to recover from the unspecified infection , her attorney Patrick Carr said . She linked the infection to Harrington 's office after hearing reports about it in March , the lawsuit said . "  We see this as a public safety matter ... there needs to be some investigation to see what happened , " Carr said . "  This is the primary reason for filing this lawsuit . " Carr said his client does not have HIV or hepatitis . CNN 's calls to Harrington 's attorney James Secrest were not returned . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Two vials of Demerol appeared to have been tampered with , regulatory group says NEW : Dentist had been through drug rehab , group 's attorney says Arkansas health officials say a dentist may have given patients contaminated drugs The first lawsuit against an Oklahoma dentist whose patients may have been exposed to HIV is filed
It 's normally the domain of loose change and missing remotes , but after what one couple discovered in the sofa , you might think twice about sticking your hands down below the cushions . A Long Island couple found a 3-foot python underneath a couch cushion Monday , according to the Suffolk County Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals . The apartment , located in Holbrook , had recently been vacated and the couple was moving in , SPCA spokesman Roy Gross said . He was not certain when the previous tenant left it , but the snake appeared healthy and was not dehydrated . "  You can imagine how shocking it was , " he said of the unexpected housewarming gift . "  You 're not expecting to find a snake there . " SPCA officials took the snake , which they determined to be a ball python . A ball python is a nonvenomous python species found in Africa that can grow up to 3-5 feet long . "  They are generally a very docile snake , " Gross said . There 's good news for the slithery couch potato : It 's since been adopted by another family .	Long Island couple discovers snake in new apartment 3-foot ball python beneath the couch cushions SPCA says it belonged to previous tenant
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic 's fiancee Jelena Ristic is pregnant with their first child , the tennis superstar announced on social media Thursday . World number two Djokovic tweeted : "  Jelena is pregnant !!! We will be parents soon ! #blessed Postacemo roditelji uskoro !!! #najsrecniji @JelenaRisticNDF " The couple are in the Greek capital Athens as Djokovic recuperates from the wrist injury which flared up in a semifinal defeat to Roger Federer at last week 's Masters 1000 tournament in Monte Carlo . In further good news for the 26-year-old Serbian , Djokovic is now optimistic that he can play in the Madrid Masters tournament in a fortnight . "  Fortunately , the situation with the injury is better than it first seemed , " he told his official website . "  However , I need to continue with the recovery process and full medical treatments . It means I will have to take a short break in order to recover as soon as possible . " Djokovic and Ristic have been an item for eight years and last September announced they had become engaged with the intention of marrying in 2014 . Ristic , who is from the Serbian capital Belgrade , heads up Djokovic 's charitable foundation having studied business at Bocconi University in Milan as well as achieving a a Master 's degree in Luxury Management and Services from International University of Monaco . The 27-year-old Ristic is renowned for her fervent support for six-time grand slam champion Djokovic , accompanying him to many of his tournaments on the ATP Tour . There was no immediate indication of when their first child is due . Federer 's wife Mirka is expecting their third child around the time of the French Open . His twins Charlene and Myla were born in July 2009 .	Novak Djokovic girlfriend Jelena Ristic is pregnant , he tweets Djokovic and Ristic became engaged in September last year Djokovic hit by wrist injury at Monte Carlo Masters last week World number two now says he will be fit for Madrid Masters in a fortnight
CNN  -- I would like to think that the horrific killings of Israeli and Palestinian children in recent days -- and the ongoing escalation between Israel and Hamas over Gaza -- will force a moment of truth , more rational thinking and real options to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . But I know better . There is still not enough pain and prospects of gain to warrant that . Meanwhile , back on planet Earth , Israelis and Palestinians have entered another yet violent cycle of reaction and counterreaction . Here are five essential elements to keep in mind as we watch another sequel in this tragic and long-running movie : First , we 're not on the verge of a third intifada . True , the situation is raw , tense and full of passion , with a kind of "  there will be blood " atmosphere . But a sustained uprising or military confrontation on the part of West Bankers and Gazans along the lines of the first or second intifadas is likely not in the cards . The Palestinian public 's priorities are economic and social development . Unlike Yasser Arafat , PLO head Mahmoud Abbas really has given up the gun . And Israeli-Palestinian security cooperation seems to be holding . Hamas ' motives are more suspect , and it may well have a stake in escalation in the West Bank . But Hamas can not provoke a sustained uprising on its own without broad public support . Israel 's success in breaking the second intifada is still a fresh memory . Moreover , Hamas suicide attacks badly undermined the Palestinian image , and Palestinians do n't have much stomach for a return to such tactics . Second , the conflict has become personalized . It 's always been characterized by a perverse intimacy driven by the reality of proximity . One way to view it is the old chestnut that the lack of peace is because the Israelis and Palestinians do n't really know one another . The other more cynical and real view also applies : They know one another only too well . And they do n't like what they see . Unlike Israelis and Egyptians or Israelis and Jordanians , Israelis and Palestinians are living on top of one another as occupier and occupied . And although the murder of innocents , particularly children , makes today 's situation worse , we 've been through grimmer periods : two intifadas ; two Israeli-Hamas confrontations over Gaza in which civilians died , including children ; and many acts of terror and violence . Indeed , horrific acts have long characterized Israeli-Palestinian interaction . In 1994 , an Israeli settler massacred some 30 Palestinians at the Ibrahimi Mosque in Hebron . In May 2001 , the bodies of two Israeli teens were discovered in a cave in the West Bank -- their skulls crushed with rocks , their killers never found . Third , Gaza is exploding  again  . The conflict in Gaza is real and dangerous . We 've also seen this movie before . In 2008 and 2012 , we watched sustained confrontations with airstrikes , rockets and artillery between Israel and Hamas . And the results were predictably the same . No clear winner and no clear loser . Israel has never been willing to invade Gaza , reoccupy it or supplant the Hamas government there . And Hamas ' high-trajectory weapons have increased in range , lethality and precision , guaranteeing the organization a certain amount of leverage . It 's likely Israel does not want to mount a serious ground incursion and is hoping that airstrikes in Gaza and 40,000 troops mobilizing the border will be enough to get Hamas to back down and restore calm . Hamas ' end game is n't altogether clear . They have posited demands for calm that include the release of prisoners arrested during the Israelis ' recent sweep of the West Bank and have called upon Egypt to open up the Rafah crossing from Gaza into Egypt . No matter how this latest escalation ends , one thing seems pretty certain . It will not end in a definitive solution . Hamas is likely to remain ensconced in Gaza unless the Israelis are prepared to uproot it . And that will require not only a ground invasion but reoccupation . The notion that Israel could invade Gaza , kick out Hamas and then put Abbas ' Fatah in charge strains credulity to the breaking point . It 's highly unlikely , particularly if an Israeli invasion led to significant Palestinian civilian casualties , that Abbas could ride to victory on the back of Israeli tanks . Fourth , the U.S. role . There 's not a great deal that the United States should or could do at this point . With Israel in the middle of its Operation Protective Edge , a mediation effort has no point . The problem is n't between Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Abbas ; it 's between Israel and Hamas . And the Egyptians and Israelis have a demonstrated track record in finding ways to calm the situation , assuming Hamas is interested . Should the situation get to the point where Israel and Egypt need U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry to intervene , the importance of a U.S. role might grow . But the last thing Washington needs right now is Kerry in Israel unable to stop Israeli airstrikes and Hamas rockets . As for the situation in the wake of the killings of Israeli and Palestinian teens , it 's hard to imagine what the U.S. could do . What is essential is that both Israel and the Palestinians work to calm matters -- and they do n't need U.S. talking points to grasp how dangerous the situation is for them . Fifth , what happens when this phase of violence passes ? It 's hopeful to think Israelis and Palestinians would see that it 's urgent to find a way not only to de-escalate , but to resolve their conflict . But this is highly unlikely . It would be one thing if this were a two-way conflict between Israel and the Palestinian Authority . But it 's three-way , including Hamas . And the faux unity deal reached between Hamas and Abbas will not survive . Hamas will remain a spoiler , lacking the power to disrupt a real peace process but always a potential troublemaker . But even without Hamas , the upshot of Kerry 's 10-month peace process effort reveals just how far apart Abbas and Netanyahu are on the core issues , such as Jerusalem , refugees and security . And so far , little in the current situation indicates that is likely to force a recalculation . Not enough pain or prospects of gain outweighs the reality -- however inconvenient -- that Abbas and Netanyahu believe that the risk of changing the status quo is more dangerous than maintaining it . The peace process is like rock and roll . It will never die . And I 'm certain that sometime before the end of the administration , Kerry will make another serious run . But unless there 's a fundamental change in Israeli or Palestinian views , it 's highly likely that Washington -- and the parties too -- will remain trapped between a two-state solution that 's just too hard to implement and yet too important to abandon .	Aaron Miller : Five elements to keep in mind in this Israeli-Palestinian conflict Miller : This is not a third intifada ; the conflict has become personalized Miller : Gaza is exploding again ; there is not much the U.S. can do What will happen next ? Miller says it 's unlikely the situation will change
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- The bodies of the nine suspected Pakistani terrorists -- all believed to have been involved in the attacks on Mumbai -- are still lying in a hospital morgue almost five months after the attacks occurred . Security is tight for the trial of the only surviving alleged Mumbai terrorist . The public prosecutor trying the lone surviving suspected gunman in the Mumbai attacks told CNN the dead suspects have not been buried because no one has come to claim them and local Muslim officials are refusing to bury the men in Mumbai 's Muslim graveyards . Public prosecutor Ujwal Nikam said he will soon be in discussions with officials to decide what should happen with the bodies . The burial issue has stoked controversy . Groups such as the Indian Muslim Council do n't want the people buried in Muslim cemeteries because they have defamed the religion . Other Muslims have disagreed , saying burial should be available for any Muslim . John O. Voll -- professor of Islamic history and associate director of the Prince Alwaleed bin Talal Center for Muslim-Christian Understanding at Georgetown University in Washington -- said the Abrahamic religious traditions , including Judaism , Christianity and Islam , have very often set restrictions on grounds they have sanctified for burials . One stricture , for example , has been prohibiting burial of a person from another faith . "  The non-burial " of the suspected terrorists "  is making the statement that they are acting so contrary to Islam they are not acting as Muslims and therefore they are judged as being unbelievers and not worthy of being buried in a Muslim cemetery , " Voll said . India , which has a population of over 1.1 billion people , is 81 percent Hindu , 13 percent Muslim , and 2 percent Christian , according to data from the World Almanac . One surprising aspect about the burial issue , Voll said , is that the Indian Muslim community is usually not very proactive publicly and tries to avoid publicity . "  In this particular case , it 's very important for the Indian Muslim community to make it clear that they have nothing to do with the people who claim to be Muslims who engaged in terrorism in Mumbai , " Voll said . Nikam is prosecuting a case against Mohammed Ajmal Kasab the 10th suspected Pakistani terrorist . Police say the 10 men gunned down more than 160 people in the November attack on Mumbai , India 's financial capital . The attack went on for four nights and three days including the siege of three luxury hotels and a Jewish center . Police say Kasab is the only suspected gunman caught alive . The alleged actions of the nine suspects who were killed in the attacks will likely play a role as the prosecution builds its case against Kasab . After months of delays due to security concerns and difficulty finding an attorney to defend Kasab , his trial finally got under way Friday . Kasab is being charged with 12 criminal counts including murder , attempted murder and waging war against India . Police say he was caught on a surveillance camera holding a gun as he stalked and killed people inside Mumbai 's main train station , formerly known as Victoria Terminus . Kasab is also accused of shooting people at Mumbai 's Cama hospital . Kasab 's newly court-appointed defense attorney , Abbas Kazmi , argued that Kasab was under age and should be tried in Juvenile Court , but Judge M.L. Tahilyani disagreed saying Kasab was more than 20 years old and could not be considered a juvenile . In his opening statements Nikam read from Kasab 's alleged confession on how he trained for the attacks . The terror attack was in order to capture Kashmir , Nikam said . The Kashmir territory has long been a source of tension between India and Pakistan . Kazmi said Kasab is now retracting his statements because Kasab says he confessed under police pressure . The court hearing is continuing . From CNN 's New Delhi bureau and Joe Sterling in Atlanta	Indian Muslim organization do not want to bury alleged Mumbai terrorists Group says terror gang defamed Islam Bodies are lying in a morgue waiting for burial decision Only surviving suspect is on trial for murder , attempted murder and waging war
A massacre . A kid . A videotaped "  manifesto . " As the news broke , inevitably , the discussion turned to the Second Amendment . But as I watched the killer 's video , questions about the First Amendment began to rise . What are Elliot Rodger 's post-mortem First Amendment rights ? Does his screed belong in the marketplace of ideas ? What about those who capitalized on it ? Where does the First Amendment leave off and ethics begin ? The video was initially on YouTube , which immediately -- and presumably automatically -- used it as an opportunity to sell adwords . That struck some people as distasteful . After all , Google -- which owns YouTube -- has the unofficial credo "  Do n't be evil . " Profiting from the hateful ravings of a mass murderer might easily be described as evil . Let 's cut the Internet giant some slack -- it places such ads automatically on all videos . But one would hope that Google , realizing it was profiting from the words of a mass murderer , might decide the ad sales were n't worth it . On the other hand , Google is n't a public service , it is a business , and if we want that video to be on the Internet , someone has to pay for the bandwidth . That raises the question whether the video should be on the Internet at all . Some credible scholars say that making mass murderers famous motivates other mass murderers .  One might even argue that this article is part of the problem  . Elliot Rodger sent his lengthy diatribe to the media before he went on his killing spree -- correctly predicting that his actions would propel his ideas  such as they were  into the marketplace of ideas on a digital billboard larger than he could ever have enjoyed had he not amplified them with his psychotic rampage . Accordingly , should we not silence him ? Wipe his words from the Internet forever ? Let him be forgotten ? There is a counter-argument -- let 's let everyone see him for what he was -- a pathetic figure , worthy of no respect or pity . Let him stand as a negative example . We allow "  Mein Kampf " to be published and even study it . But what of those who believe Rodger is a positive example ? Sickeningly enough , some expressed admiration for what he did , as there will always be people who glorify the worst among us . While the overwhelming view is one of horror and disgust , some people put up a Facebook page praising him . As much as I disagree with that view , my beliefs are strong enough that I can tolerate theirs . Some might say that such a perspective must be purged . The First Amendment would find such a purge to be intolerable -- if enforced by the government or force of law . The First Amendment is there to protect unpopular beliefs , and the marketplace of ideas should be open to this -- and I would hope that none would visit the stall in the marketplace to buy them . That , however , ignores the issue of ethics . I have a blog . If someone wanted to glorify Rodger on my blog , I would say "  my blog , my rules , " and I would not tolerate it . That would not be a First Amendment violation . In fact , the right not to speak is as precious as the right to speak . Let 's say that Rodger 's supporters went from website to website and were met with rejection at every corner . Their ideas would , theoretically , die out -- but they would die a natural death , condemned by a lack of nourishment in the marketplace of ideas . Facebook initially was confronted with this dilemma ; when people began to protest about the pro-Rodger page , the company allegedly took the all-too-common position we hear from arrogant tech companies : They did n't have to take it down , so they would n't . Facebook was completely within its legal rights to take that position -- but what an ethically bankrupt decision ! Only when pressure became too great did Facebook seem to cave in to public opinion . The apparently belated reversal of position was hypocritical at best . If Facebook wants to be an anything-goes-and-we-don ` t-care company , then it should have let the page be . Otherwise , the company could have taken the position that it would not allow such filth on its digital real estate . Either position would have been completely within its rights . But braying "  free speech " only until it could n't stand the heat from that decision ? Shame on Facebook . What this story shows us is not so much that our notions of free speech should be strong , but there is room for free speech and ethics . The First Amendment allows us to publish Elliot Rodger 's rant and his video . The First Amendment protects our right to criticize him , to pity him , to hate him , or even to declare him a hero . But , just as with any rights , what we can do and what we should do may not be the same thing . I would hope that we will not forget that , and that the online giants might begin to learn it .	Marc Randazza : Shooter 's video rant is legal to post , but is it ethical ? Randazza : Was YouTube right to show video when it would make money from it ? He asks : Does the video motivate others to murder ? Or does it show how repulsive he is Randazza : Facebook took down page praising him after initial refusal : a hypocritical decision
CNN  -- New details emerged Monday about a former American soldier that Colombian rebels have said they are holding hostage and plan to release . Kevin Scott Sutay served in the U.S. Army from November 2009 to March 2013 and deployed to Afghanistan from November 2010 to November 2011 , according to the U.S. Defense Department . He is from Willow Spring , North Carolina , and won a number of awards , including an Army Commendation Medal and a National Defense Service Medal . The Pentagon lists his rank as private . The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia said in a statement on Friday that it had been holding Sutay for about a month and would free him as a gesture of good will . The rebels described him as an American soldier , saying they would release him as a "  gesture " to advance peace talks . They pointed to his capture to back up accusations that the U.S. military is operating in their country . A State Department official said over the weekend the United States was aware of reports that an American citizen had been kidnapped and was working with Colombian authorities to get more information . Colombian Defense Minister Juan Carlos Pinzon criticized the apparent kidnapping and called for his immediate release . But he also noted that the American had been warned to be cautious and avoid certain areas . "  The information that we have collected indicates that this American citizen came to this area of the country and even at the time the police warned him not to enter certain areas , " Pinzon said . The rebels , who have been at war with the Colombian government for decades , said they captured Sutay on June 20 after he entered Colombia after going through Mexico , Honduras , Costa Rica and Nicaragua . They did not provide specifics on the circumstances of his capture . FARC said it hopes his release will boost peace talks between the government and rebels , and is asking for Colombian and Red Cross delegates to pick him up . The government initiated preliminary peace talks last year . Pinzon said the apparent kidnapping showed the rebel group 's promises have been disingenuous in the past . "  This organization had promised not to kidnap and they kidnapped an ordinary citizen , " he said . "  It is absurd that they continue abusing with promises that , it seems , continue to be false . " CNN 's Jamie Crawford and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	An American who Colombia rebels say they 're holding is a former soldier The rebels claim to have captured Kevin Scott Sutay last month They say they will free him as a gesture of good will Sutay is an Afghanistan War veteran , the Defense Department says
It 's a chilling figure : 191,369 men , women and children reported killed in Syria between March 2011 and the end of April 2014 . The figure , the result of a new analysis for the United Nations , is a significant increase on the last update provided by the United Nations , but even so it is probably less than the true number of those killed . It prompted U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay to slam the inaction by the U.N. Security Council that has allowed the slaughter to continue unabated . "  The killers , destroyers and torturers in Syria have been empowered and emboldened by the international paralysis , " she said in a statement Friday . "  There are serious allegations that war crimes and crimes against humanity have been committed time and time again with total impunity , yet the Security Council has failed to refer the case of Syria to the International Criminal Court , where it clearly belongs . " Pillay pointed out that the total number of killings is more than double the number documented a year ago . But , she said , "  tragically it is probably an underestimate of the real total number of people killed during the first three years of this murderous conflict . " She added , "  I deeply regret that , given the onset of so many other armed conflicts in this period of global destabilization , the fighting in Syria and its dreadful impact on millions of civilians has dropped off the international radar . " The new U.N. figure is based on analysis of 318,910 reported killings , in which the name of the victim , as well as the date and location of the death , had to be documented . Five different sources of data were used to confirm details and exclude repetitions . The largest number of documented killings was in the Damascus countryside , with nearly 40,000 , with the next highest numbers recorded in Aleppo , with nearly 32,000 , and Homs with just over 28,000 . About 85 % of those killed were male and 9.3 % were female . The analysis was not able to distinguish between combatants and noncombatants , the United Nations said . At least 8,803 children are documented as having been killed , including more than a quarter who were under 10 years old . However , the real total is likely to be higher , the statement said , because the victims ' ages have not been recorded in more than 80 % of cases . Pillay called for governments to take "  serious measures to halt the fighting and deter the crimes , and above all stop fueling this monumental , and wholly avoidable , human catastrophe through the provision of arms and other military supplies . " Russia , a longstanding ally of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , has repeatedly blocked U.N. sanction resolutions on Syria . Both the Syrian government and the rebels they are fighting have been accused of serious human rights abuses .	New U.N. study concludes at least 191,369 people have died in Syrian conflict U.N. human rights chief Navi Pillay condemns "  international paralysis " over Syria The figure is probably an underestimate of the real total number of people killed , she says Analysts could not determine if dead were fighters or not ; 85 % of deaths were of males
CNN  -- The Syrian conflict has become "  increasingly militarized " as killings and torture by regime security forces and anti-government fighters raged this spring , a United Nations panel reported Thursday . Meanwhile , the U.N. secretary-general said there is no fallback plan to deploying monitors to some of the Middle Eastern nation 's most embattled cities . U.N. monitors on the ground in five Syrian cities are making "  all possible efforts to stop violence " and have had "  some dampening effect , " Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . But he conceded , "  We were not able to completely cease the violence . " In an interview on "  Amanpour , " Ban said the full cadre of observers -- 300 -- authorized by the Security Council last month would be on site in the coming days . "  They are patrolling every day , whenever possible , " he said . "  They try their best to cease this violence . It requires strong political will at the level of President Assad , and also it requires full cooperation by the opposition forces . " The report by the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on Syria noted the growing power of forces opposed to President Bashar al-Assad . "  Whereas government forces had previously been responding primarily to demonstrations , they now face armed and well-organized fighters -- bolstered by defectors who joined them . " "  Gross violations continue unabated , " the commission 's report said , adding regime forces commit most of the "  serious human rights violations . " The documented abuses "  reflect this shifting context " amid widespread fears that the popular uprising against the regime of al-Assad , spurred by a tough crackdown against peaceful protests , is spiraling toward all-out civil war . Violence has raged daily . At least 40 civilians were killed across the country Thursday , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said , among them "  a complete family ... martyred in the shelling " of a neighborhood in Hama . Another opposition group , the Syrian Observatory of Human Rights , reported 43 people killed . Its toll includes 35 civilians mostly in the provinces of Homs , Hama and Idlib , as well as eight government forces dead in clashes with defectors in Damascus , Deir Ezzor , Homs and Idlib . U.N. officials say more than 9,000 people , mostly civilians , have died and tens of thousands have been uprooted since the uprising began in March 2011 . Opposition groups report a higher death toll in excess of 11,000 people . The commission said abuses have mounted since March , even though al-Assad 's government and opposition forces say they have embraced U.N. and Arab League envoy Kofi Annan 's six-point peace plan that includes a cease-fire . The military has conducted "  large-scale " strikes on sites known for "  hosting defectors and/or armed persons " escorting protests or supporting the Free Syrian Army , the anti-government resistance force , the report said . People have died when security forces shelled "  small opposition strongholds , " conducted house-to-house searches and placed snipers on rooftops . Lethal force has been used against protesters in Idlib , Homs , Aleppo , Hama , Damascus , Daraa and villages nationwide . "  Many such protests were accompanied by armed groups , which have described their role as providing protection for the demonstrators , " the report said . "  The resulting clashes were deadly for demonstrators , members of these armed groups and security forces alike , yet too often citizens bore the brunt of the violence . " Torture and arbitrary arrest remain a problem , the report 's authors said , citing the case of a man accused of trafficking for anti-government groups as an example . "  They allegedly beat him severely and applied electric shocks to his legs , " the report said . Children have been killed or injured in attacks on protests and by snipers ' gunfire , while government forces have targeted schools and used one as a command post . Boys as young as age 10 detained by regime forces "  repeatedly indicate that they are tortured to admit that older male members of their family are ` Free Syrian Army ' soldiers or supporters , " the report said . "  Wounded children have been unable to seek treatment due to fears of being perceived as anti-government armed groups supporters or for fear of being beaten in health facilities . Children have died due to a lack of health care during government blockades . Some , including those injured as a result of torture , have been willfully denied medical care . " Anti-government armed groups have executed security forces and suspected collaborators , the report said . One military defector cited the execution of three Iranian snipers , and there have been reports of "  makeshift prisons . " "  One anti-government armed group fighter also admitted that he and his associates had killed government soldiers when the captives refused to join them , " the report said . The groups also have increased their use of homemade bombs known as improvised explosive devices . Some people interviewed described bombs made of "  nails inside pipes with explosive powder and a fuse , " and others made of gas and fertilizer . One fighter described planting mines that targeted army tanks . There have been reports of security forces or their supporters confessing under torture after their capture by resistance fighters . "  Two Iranians , held in late January 2012 and released in late April 2012 , later made public statements about physical abuse suffered , including the breaking of bones , during their captivity , " the report said . There have been instances of fighters kidnapping security forces and civilians , purportedly for prisoner exchanges but also for use as ransoms to buy weapons . Some anti-government groups have used children "  as medical porters , messengers and cooks , for units in the field and delivery of medical supplies to field hospitals . " The report pointed to bombing attacks in Damascus , Aleppo and Daraa between March and May , including the suicide car bombings in Damascus on May 10 that left 55 people dead . The commission said it ca n't "  ascertain " who is responsible for the "  criminal " acts . Some experts and officials say neither security forces nor anti-government forces may be responsible , suggesting "  third " forces -- such as jihadi groups -- may be to blame . Ban distanced himself from his earlier assertion that al Qaeda "  must be " behind the Damascus bombings , saying Thursday , "  We do not have any clear evidence what al Qaeda was behind . " Nonetheless , "  considering the scale and sophistication of the terrorist attacks , " the U.N. leader said , "  it seems to be clear that there are certain organizations and groups with ... clear political intent . " One senior Jordanian official told CNN that there are nearly 1,500 al Qaeda members and sympathizers in Syria . Many have entered the country from Iraq and Lebanon and have been part of a bombing and ambush campaign against Syrian intelligence and military targets . American officials are concerned about jihadists in Syria and work with border countries to thwart them . But some U.S. officials say the 1,500 number is too high . Ban said Thursday the growing tension in Lebanon , where clashes erupted earlier this week after the killing of two anti-Assad clerics , is very troubling . "  We are entering into a pivotal moment , " Ban told Amanpour . "  We are very much worried about this kind of spillover effect . ... We have to prevent this . " The report was issued as Syria 's newly elected parliament convened to elect a speaker and swear in new members . The government said the elections were all-inclusive , but opposition forces call the process a sham . The opposition Syrian National Council is looking for a new leader after the resignation of its Paris-based president , Burhan Ghalioun . Syria 's opposition has long been fractious , proving a disappointment to Western and Arab nations who dislike the regime and want al-Assad out of power . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	NEW : One opposition group reports 35 civilians dead ; another says 40 were killed U.N. monitors are making "  all possible efforts to stop violence , " says the U.N. chief The government now faces "  armed and well-organized fighters , " a new report finds The report is the latest by the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on Syria
Northwestern University football coach Pat Fitzgerald said Saturday he does not believe his players should unionize , even though the players won that right in court last month . Players will vote on April 25 whether to form a union . Fitzgerald spoke to his team Saturday , outlining the reasons why he thinks they should vote against the measure . "  I believe it 's in their best interests to vote no , " Fitzgerald said Saturday , speaking to reporters after a team practice . "  With the research that I 've done , I 'm going to stick to the facts and I 'm going to do everything in my power to educate our guys . Our university is going to do that , to give them all the resources that they need to get the facts . " Two of the team 's most visible players , quarterback Trevor Siemian and running back Venric Mark , backed their coach . "  I think at this university I 'm really fortunate to be in the position I 'm in . I do n't think union is the answer for my team , or my university , " Siemian said . "  I 've been treated unbelievably , far exceeding my expectations . " Siemian thinks a push to unionize may hurt their No. 1 goal , which is to win a Big Ten championship . "  I just hope the NCAA does understand some things do need to change , " Mark said . "  But we do not need a third party to come in between us and the coaches , " he said . Last month , the National Labor Relations Board office in Chicago ruled that players are employees of the school and have the right to unionize after former quarterback Kain Colter testified about the rigorous demands of being a Division I football player . Read the board 's ruling  PDF The board 's decision indicates that there was enough evidence presented that the athletes are employees of the university -- getting paid in the form of scholarships , working between 20 and 50 hours per week and generating millions of dollars for their institutions . The athletes have said they 're seeking better medical coverage , concussion testing , four-year scholarships and the possibility of being paid . Northwestern is appealing the ruling to the national NLRB office . The university is sticking to the century-old collegiate athletics stance : that student-athletes are not university employees but "  students , first and foremost . " "  Northwestern considers its students who participate in NCAA Division I sports , including those who receive athletic scholarships , to be students , first and foremost , " Alan Cubbage , vice president for university relations , said in a statement last month . "  We believe that participation in athletic events is part of the overall educational experience for those students , not a separate activity . " Richard Epstein , a labor law professor at New York University , said the ruling has "  vast implications for the structure of the sport , if upheld . " But he noted an appeal would likely take years to resolve . The NCAA said that while it was n't party to the proceeding , it was "  disappointed " with the board 's ruling and disagreed "  with the notion that student-athletes are employees . " NCAA President Mark Emmert criticized the idea of unionization in a news conference Sunday . "  To be perfectly frank , the notion of using a union employee model to address the challenges that do exist in intercollegiate athletics is something that strikes most people as a grossly inappropriate solution to the problems , " Emmert said . "  It would blow up everything about the collegiate model of athletics . " On Saturday , Fitzgerald spoke about his experience at Northwestern , covering 18 years , to make his case . "  Right now , we have great protocols in place , and we have n't been forced to do that by any third party , " Fitzgerald said . "  I know our guys trust me . " He said he had always been an advocate of change for student-athletes , if it had a positive impact . "  We have to educate them to help them understand the whole aspect of what this decision is ... that 's what their parents entrusted us to do ... and we 'll continue to work with them to do that , " Fitzgerald said . Thursday , while speaking at the Aspen Institute about his efforts to unionize , Colter addressed the dissent on the team . "  I think it 's tough when you have some criticism that they 've got . Some people came down , hollered on , and even people within the Northwestern alumni base . That 's obviously tough , but I think they are strong and they still believe in the issue , " Colter said . Ramogi Huma , who as head of the College Athletes Players Association is a driving force behind the move to unionize , could n't be reached for comment . He has said the Chicago NLRB ruling would have national implications , but he would n't talk about whether teams at other schools were planning to hold union votes as well .	Quarterback and a running back are also opposed to unionization Coach Pat Fitzgerald : "  I believe it 's in their best interests to vote no " Northwestern University to appeal decision allowing players to unionize National Labor Relations Board office rules for unionization
CNN  -- Lionel Messi continued his record goalscoring streak by taking his tally to 88 for the year . The Barcelona striker scored both goals in his side 's 2-0 win at Cordoba in the Copa del Rey as Tito Vilanova 's team continued its stunning start to the season . The Catalan side , which lifted the trophy in Pep Guardiola 's final game in charge last season , has won the competition on 26 occasions and looks in good shape to defend its title . Messi makes case as world 's greatest ever player Barca has won 14 and drawn one of its league games so far this season and has only suffered one defeat , which came in the European Champions League at Celtic . But with Messi firing on all cylinders , it is difficult to imagine which team can prevent Barca from regaining the league title from Real Madrid . Messi beats Muller 's 40-year goal record Only last week , Messi surpassed Gerd Muller 's record of 85 goals in a calendar year , which was set back in 1972 by the former Germany and Bayern Munich striker . Messi , 25 , has two games remaining this year to set the bar even higher with La Liga fixtures against Atletico Madrid and Valladolid to come before the end of 2012 . Already his club 's leading goalscorer after moving past the 232 mark set by Cesar Rodriguez in the 1950s , the Argentine continues to defy belief . His two goals against Cordoba means he has now scored 32 times in all competitions for club and country this season . Messi has also scored 15 goals in his past eight starts for Barca to ensure his team remains unbeaten in domestic competition . Playing against a Cordoba team , which is ranked below Barcelona 's B team in the second division , Messi could have had three or four goals . Messi map : How Argentine maestro conquered the world After tapping home from close-range on 11 minutes , the striker was denied on three occasions by Cordoba goalkeeper Mikel Saizar . Messi eventually added his second of the evening with 16 minutes remaining . He will now go up against Atletico Madrid hot-shot Radamel Falcao on Sunday with both men in fine form . Falcao scored five in his side 's 6-0 win over Deportivo La Coruna last weekend and has netted 16 times in La Liga so far this season . But the Colombian hot-shot was reduced to a watching role as his side eased to a 3-0 win over Getafe in the first leg of their fifth round tie . Diego Costa struck twice and Filipe Luis was also on target as Atletico claimed a hefty advantage . Cristiano Ronaldo and Daniel Craig - A right to privacy ? While Messi had an enjoyable evening , his chief rival for the Ballon d'Or , Cristiano Ronaldo , endured a frustrating night as Real Madrid was beaten 2-1 at Celta Vigo . The defending champion rested a number of players for the first leg tie and was made to pay the price as Celta claimed a deserved victory . Mario Bermejo opened the scoring on 56 minutes before substitute Cristian Bustos unleashed a spectacular winner to net his first goal in 110 appearances . Real had several chances to make the breakthrough against a Celta team ranked 15th in La Liga and finally grabbed a consolation when Ronaldo fired home with three minutes remaining . That away goal leaves Jose Mourinho 's side needing just a 1-0 win to progress to the next round , where it could meet either Osasuna or Valencia . Messi and Ronaldo battle for Ballon d'Or Elsewhere , there was embarrassment for last season 's finalist Athletic Bilbao after it was knocked out of the competition by minnow Eibar . Eibar , which plays in the third division , had held the might of Athletic to a goalless draw in the first leg of the fourth round clash . And it completed an historic triumph after claiming a 1-1 draw at the San Mames to triumph on away goals and set up a last-16 clash with Malaga . Meanwhile , Sevilla claimed an impressive 5-0 win at Real Mallorca in the first leg of its Copa del Rey tie . Spain international Alvaro Negredo scored twice with Gary Medel , Alberto Botia and Antonio Manuel Luna also on target . In Italy , Juventus claimed a 1-0 win over Cagliari in the Coppa Italia thanks to Sebastian Giovinco 's 56th minute strike . The game marked the return of Antonio Conte to the touchline after he recently completed a four-month ban for his alleged role in a match-fixing affair at former club Siena . Elsewhere , Catania won 4-3 on penalties following a 1-1 draw at Parma . Arsenal stunned by Bradford City in League Cup In the English League Cup , Swansea booked its place in the semifinals for the very first time in its history following a 1-0 win over Middlesbrough . The Welsh club , which is managed by former Barcelona and Real Madrid player Michael Laudrup , joins Aston Villa and fourth-tier Bradford City in the next round with either Leeds or Chelsea set to make up the numbers . In France , league leaders Lyon moved three points clear at the top , despite being held to a surprise tie by relegation-threatened Nancy . It was Nancy which took the lead through Jordan Loties and the visitor looked set to win for the first time since the opening day . But Michel Bastos struck an 83rd minute equalizer to ensure Lyon took a point . Meanwhile , Marseille moved to within three points of the summit following a 2-1 win at Bastia in a game played behind closed doors . Following trouble in Bastia 's home game with Corsican rivals Ajaccio in October , the game was played without any supporters in the stadium . Mathieu Valbuena 's 15th-minute volley and an Andre Ayew penalty sealed the win with Anthony Modeste grabbing a consolation for Bastia . Elsewhere , Lorient made it four wins from its past five games with a 2-0 triumph over Sochaux courtesy of strikes from Alain Traore and Lamine Kone . Evian moved out of the relegation zone thanks to Cedric Barbosa 's double in a 2-0 win over Troyes . Montpellier came from behind to see off Brest 2-1 , while Ajaccio claimed a 2-0 victory over Reims .	Lionel Messi scores twice to take his goal tally to 87 for 2012 The Barcelona and Argentina star has scored 32 times this season for club and country Barca given tough time in 2-0 win away at second division side Cordoba
