CNN  -- India 's women claimed an historic gold medal in the 4x400m relay at the Commonwealth Games in New Delhi on Tuesday , as women 's 100m champion Osayemi Oludamola was officially stripped of her title . A packed Jawarhalal Nehru Stadium witnessed India 's women collect their first-ever track gold , shocking race favorites Nigeria and England in the process . But India 's joy was tempered by the confirmation that Nigerian Oludamola was formally disqualified after testing positive for the banned stimulant methylhexanamine . That decision resulted in Natasha Mayers of St Vincent and The Grenadines , who herself served a two-year drug ban from 2005 , being promoted to the gold medal position with England 's Kathryn Endacott taking silver and Bertille Atangana of Cameroon awarded the bronze . And Nigeria were hit with more doping controversy on Tuesday when 24-year-old Oludamola 's teammate , Samuel Okon , also tested positive for the same substance following his sixth position in the men 's 110m hurdles . Elsewhere on the track , Kenya completed their domination of the distance races with world champion Vivian Cheruiyot winning the women 's 5,000 m and Silas Kiplagat taking the men 's 1,500 m. Those results meant Kenya won eight out of the 10 races over 800m with Ugandan Moses Kipsiro taking the other two -- the men 's 5,000 m and 10,000 m. England won the men 's 4x100m relay gold medal ahead of Jamaica , with India claiming bronze , while England 's women also secured sprint relay gold , with Ghana and India completing the podium . And Australia won the final track event , the men 's 4x400m relay , ahead of Kenya and England . In the other field events , Nigeria 's Tosin Oke leapt 17.16 m to win the men 's triple jump while Australia won the men 's javelin  Jarrod Bannister  and women 's pole vault  Alana Boyd  . On a great day for India , the hosts also defeated England 5-4 on penalties to reach the men 's hockey final for the first time in their history , after they had fought back from 3-1 down to draw 3-3 . India are now through to meet three-time winners Australia in the final on Thursday . New Zealand won a record fourth consecutive gold in rugby sevens , defeating rivals Australia 24-17 in a tight final . South Africa beat England 17-14 in the bronze medal match . Meanwhile , Canadian diver Alexandre Despatie won his third gold of the Games , and ninth of his career , after he and compatriot Reuben Ross won the men 's 3m springboard synchro title . The current medals table sees Australia well clear on 68 golds , with India on 32 and England back in third place on 30 .	India 's women made Commonwealth history in the 4x400m relay in New Delhi The victory gave the host nation their first-ever women 's track gold medal Women 's 100m champion Osayemi Oludamola is officially stripped of her title Fellow-Nigerian , 110m hurdler Samuel Okon , also tests positive for banned stimulant
Copiapo , Chile  CNN  -- Drilling has begun as part of an effort to reach the 33 miners who have been trapped underground in Chile for more than three weeks , authorities said Tuesday . The effort to drill through more than 2,300 feet  700 meters  of rock and safely extract the workers could take three to four months , officials said . The hole under way is the excavation hole , where the drill bit will be placed . The miners have been stuck in the desert copper-and-gold mine since an August 5 cave-in and are surviving on supplies funneled to them from above ground through three bore holes , each about 4 inches in diameter . A second 25-minute video sent Tuesday by the miners held another round of greetings to their relatives , family members who had seen it told CNN . Copies were to be distributed to the news media Wednesday . Some relatives emerged from a private screening held in the tents that comprise Camp Hope at the entrance to the mine solemn-faced ; others were teary ; yet most appeared happy . All the family members said the miners appeared to be in much better condition , much cleaner and much better organized than they appeared during the first video , which was sent up last Thursday . Most appeared stripped to the waist and bearded in the first video ; some had shaved and were modeling high-tech sportswear -- T-shirts and shorts -- that were sent down to them this week . The video showed the miners with photographs their relatives have sent down to them in recent days . Some of the miners could be heard playing music in the background . A song from Dominican merengue artist Juan Luis Guerra was one . Over the last few days , rescuers have sent the miners MP3 players and small speakers with a selection of music including Mexican rancheras , Puerto Rican reggaeton and Dominican merengue . Eighteen-year-old Scarlet Sepulveda came out of the meeting crying . "  My dad is fine , he 's fine , but I miss him a lot , " said the daughter of Mario Sepulveda , who held the camera and narrated Thursday 's video . "  Of course I miss him . " Cristina Nunez , wife of Claudio Yanez , came out beaming . "  They 're much better ; they 're cracking jokes ; they have their own things ; and they 're good , " she said . "  I was very happy to see them . " Jose Vega , the 70-year-old father of Richard Alex Vega , himself a veteran miner , said of his son , "  I was a little worried because I did n't see him much in the video . I think , if they have a problem , they steer clear of the video . But then again , he 's a bit like me . He does n't like cameras too much . " The camera , just two inches wide , fits easily through the 4-inch bore hole , has front and side views and can rotate 360 degrees , said Jim Lozano , a product manager with a Fresno , California-based subsidiary of Aries Industries , Inc. "  It 's able to get into very small openings , " he said . He said it was designed for use in the water-well industry . On Tuesday , the miners ' menu included tea , herbal infusions , a yogurt-and-cereal shake for breakfast , chicken sandwiches for lunch , kiwi at midafternoon and jam sandwiches for the evening meal . In all , the day 's meals contain 2,000 calories . In addition , each man is being urged to drink about five liters of water per day . Wednesday 's menu will include rice and shredded beef or pork , the first hot meal the men will have had since they became trapped nearly a month ago , said Jorge Diaz , a medic involved in the miners ' care . Though the dishes are normally served with beans in Chile , Diaz said they would not be included , so that the men -- who are living in close quarters -- can avoid getting intestinal gas . Two of the 16 smokers were to get nicotine patches . One of the men reported feeling withdrawal symptoms from not being able to smoke , the other one said he could n't sleep without having a smoke . Reading material will include press clips about the rescue effort , copies of the "  Condorito " cartoon books that are popular in Latin America , and a self-help book entitled "  Tactics for Public Speaking . " The book was selected after the miners said they wanted to be able to speak eloquently to the news media when they are rescued . Meanwhile , a four-person team from NASA is set to arrive in Chile this week to help provide physical and behavioral health support to the miners . A medical official , a nutritional medic , a psychologist and an engineering expert in logistics from NASA will stay at the mine from Wednesday through Friday to help , Chilean Health Minister Jaime Manalich said . A group of engineers has said it has a "  Plan B " that could halve the time it would take to reach the miners . Walter Herrera , quality control and risk manager for the Chilean mining company GeoTech , has said his company was bringing a specialized device typically used for boring water holes to the mine . The drill would use one of the three bore holes already made as a pilot and widen the diameter to about 28 inches , which officials have said is wide enough for the miners to be hoisted through . Chile 's mining minister has not ruled out the alternative plan , but has cautioned it might not work . He has also said it might not be put into operation . CNN 's Karl Penhaul and Esprit Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Camera , just two inches wide , produces second video Solid food , music and a book are being sent down to miners The effort to rescue the miners may take up to four months NASA specialists are set to arrive this week to offer support
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani authorities have started legal proceedings against the widows of former al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden for allegedly entering Pakistan illegally and alleged forgery , Pakistan 's interior minister told reporters Thursday . The widows are in the custody of Pakistani authorities , Minister Rehman Malik said . Last year , Pakistan told U.S. officials that three wives of bin Laden , who was killed in Pakistan by U.S. forces last year , were living in the country . Malik said two of bin Laden 's widows have been detained . The status of the third widow , who authorities reported last year was also residing in Pakistan , was not immediately clear Thursday . 2011 : U.S. interviews "  hostile " bin Laden widows "  Their entry into Pakistan was illegal , " Malik said . "  They also did not inform the authorities that they were living here . "  And there were many other incidents where deception and forgery was committed , " Malik told reporters . The widows have already been presented in court and are now in custody , the minister added . "  The most important thing is that the women are kept in a proper manner , and keeping this in mind they have been kept in a proper house which has been declared a sub-jail , " Malik said . Pakistan 's Federal Investigation Agency initiated the proceedings against the widows three days ago . "  They can have their own lawyers , and they will have the whole liberty to defend themselves in the court , " Malik said . The children of the widows are n't included in the proceedings and are free to live in the country , he explained . "  There is no case on the children . Only the adult family members , who knew the law and who abetted Osama , have had a case registered against them , " Malik said . "  A five-bedroom house has been given to them , so the children feel they are in their own home and have been given every type of facility , food and shelter , as though it were their own home , " he added . Nasir Habib in Islamabad and CNN 's Michael Martinez in Los Angeles contributed to this report .	NEW : Widows ' children are n't included in proceedings , interior minister says NEW : Two widows and their children are being detained in a five-bedroom house "  They will have the whole liberty to defend themselves in the court , " minister says Former al Qaeda leader 's widows being investigated for alleged forgery , illegal entry
Washington  CNN  -- For most divers , a shark in the water can inspire fear , or even dread . Greg Marshall wanted to hitch a ride . More specifically , Marshall was inspired by the shark 's constant companion , a remora -- a torpedo-shaped fish that commonly catches a ride by sucking onto the shark 's rough skin and thriving on the shark 's leftovers . Marshall thought to himself : What if you had a camera as small as a remora ? What if you could stick a camera on a shark so that the shark goes about its life , unaware that its actions were being recorded away from the distractions of photographers in scuba suits ? Where would it go , and what would you see ? For a naturalist , being able to observe animal behavior without interfering with the world the animal inhabits by the simple act of being there is the gold standard . In scientific terms , it 's similar to a control in an experiment . But that goal is usually unobtainable -- observing how an animal acts in captivity , for example , is no indication of how an animal actually behaves . Observing that behavior in the wild , Marshall says , is equally problematic . "  When we 're in an animal 's habitat , they know we 're there , " he says . "  And they 're reacting to us . " And knowledge of an animal 's actual behavior , Marshall says , is absolutely critical to reaching the correct conclusions about a creature 's habitat and behavior , and how humans may be disrupting both . Of course , the best way to observe real behavior in the wild is to have omniscient powers of observation , or perhaps a camera lens as long as your arm and as expensive as a new car . Or you can see what the animal sees , courtesy of "  Crittercam . " Twenty-five years after that underwater epiphany in the waters off Belize , Marshall and his far-flung team of naturalists and engineers are getting closer to that gold standard . Technology may finally be catching up with inspiration . Marshall took his initial ideas for ride-along observation technology to the National Geographic Society in 1987 . Now he 's vice president of the society 's Remote Imaging division -- an effort by a team of scientists and engineers working with researchers around the globe capturing footage of how animals behave in the wild , away from the interference of the observers . "  Crittercam enables us to get out of the picture entirely -- to ride along , almost completely unobtrusively , to see their world and their behavior , " he says . Latest Crittercam news , virtual tours and more at NationalGeographic.com Marshall is a real-deal explorer , a tall , lanky , gregarious type who seems more suited to a dive boat in the Sea of Cortez or a snowmobile in Antarctica than an impressively equipped machine shop in the basement of the fabled headquarters of the National Geographic Society . Marshall still gets more than his fair share of exploration -- a day after this interview , he was off to Antarctica , again . But more often he 's back in Washington , at his desk or in an edit bay . Still , adventure is where you find it -- and sometimes , it 's in the most unlikely of places . Cracking open a newly recovered Crittercam remora  or box , or sphere , or whatever device his crew of happily mad scientists invent to capture hitherto-unwitnessed moments in nature  is , for Marshall , full of the rush of exploration . When Crittercam got its start , the results of all the hard work came down to a small , fragile tape . Nowadays , the data is stored on a tough , solid-state memory card . But seeing the data of the first time , Marshall says , is always a rush . "  You start looking at the screen because you never know what you 're going to see . It 's completely engaging and captivating , " he says . The results , Marshall says , run the gamut from inspiring and revelatory to downright boring -- at least , boring to a typical National Geographic Channel viewer . But to a marine biologist like Marshall , even the "  boring " stuff can have stop-in-your-tracks potential . Case in point : Sperm whales . They are one of the deepest-diving species on the planet . Years ago , his crew successfully attached an advanced Crittercam to a diving sperm whale . "  The first 10 seconds are fascinating , because you see the whale diving down , " Marshall says . "  And then it dives down into utter darkness . And then we 're looking at a black screen for the next two hours . " But that Crittercam was also equipped to record sound , as well as video . And in that utter blackness  sperm whales can dive almost two miles down  , the Crittercam whale began a conversation with another whale -- a cascade of powerful , rapid-fire clicks . That whale conversation kept Marshall and his editors transfixed . It was n't a made-for-TV moment , but it was yet more evidence that just about every deployment of the Crittercam system can reap unexpected rewards . In the frigid waters off Alaska , a Crittercam captured an intimate view of a humpback whale calf nursing . There 's dizzying footage of a tree kangaroo  yes , there 's a kangaroo that climbs trees  high in the jungle canopy of New Guinea . A sea lion in Australia plays with its food -- in this case , a hapless octopus . There 's even a brief glimpse of a great white shark swimming at eye-popping speed , chasing an equally quick seal . "  You just never know what you 're going to get -- it 's just completely engaging , " he says with a broad grin . Crittercam footage finds its way into many of National Geographic 's nature programs . And the best Crittercam moments are a rare combination of good television and good science . That 's partly the goal of the whole program , Marshall says . "  I want to find a way to connect with people , I want to find a way to make them care about the conservation problem , " Marshall says . "  Imagine a planet where there are no humpback whales , where there are no blue whales , no leopard seals , no leatherback turtles . Can we survive ? Absolutely we can survive ... Well , probably . "  Is it going to be the kind of place we 're going to revel in , that 's going to inspire us ? I doubt it . As we know more , we 're going to care more -- and as we care more , we 're going to protect these animals and the habitats they depend on . "	For a naturalist , observing animals in the wild is key to learning about species Greg Marshall pioneered the use of "  Crittercams " mounted on animals Crittercams record hours of footage that can be retrieved later The cameras have captured whale calves nursing and a shark chasing a seal
CNN  -- When Jay Kwon Yang died from stomach cancer in Virginia in 2012 , he left a dream unfulfilled : world travel . The environmental engineer and owner of a dry cleaner wanted to see Europe . And Africa . Even California or not so far away Florida . But he never got the chance . He was just 52 when he died . For more than a year , his 25-year-old daughter , Jinna Yang , could n't grow past the grief of losing her father , who had raised her , along with a brother and half-sister , almost single-handedly . So she decided to take her father on the trip of his dreams . You can read Yang 's moving tribute to her father on her blog . Buddy pictures Traveling for a month in April with a portable , life-sized cutout of her father , New York-based Yang trekked across Europe and posed for pictures in front of famous landmarks , from Skogafoss Waterfall in Iceland to the Leaning Tower of Pisa . "  I have a good friend whose father is an industrial designer -- he helped me score the cutout so that it folded in and out , " Yang tells CNN . "  It became portable enough to carry around after I folded it up . " "  I took the time to appreciate the little things , " says Yang . "  In every city I went , I took time to sit and soak in sights . "  Whether it was a huge waterfall in Iceland or a local cafe in Florence , I just sat . I loved watching the couples pass by in the romantic city of Florence , water crashing against rocks on the Italian Riviera , even the peacocks I saw on the island of Lokrum off the coast of Croatia . " Iceland was the most "  life-changing " destination for Yang . "  I had never done anything so adventurous , and the entire country seems like another planet sometimes , " she says . Her cardboard travel buddy stirred curiosity throughout the trip . "  Many people stopped me in the street , asking me if it was a famous person , " says Yang . "  Most of the time when you see a life-sized cutout , it 's of Justin Bieber or One Direction , and it 's usually in a nine-year-old 's room . "  Lots of people stopped to take photos as well . " Worldwide attention When she returned to New York , Yang posted her collection of photos on her blog  see gallery above  . The photos touched people around the world , though not all of the feedback has been positive . Some commentors on Yang 's site have suggested the photos are faked , an accusation Yang denies . "  It 's really unfortunate to hear these false accusations but I guess it goes with the territory , " Yang tells CNN . "  The cutout I took with me was a flat board that stood six feet tall . I scored  it  into three sections so I could fold it up and take it around with me . So , no , I did n't have to pay for an extra seat for dad ! " A "  behind the scenes " photo of Yang carrying the cutout in front of the Louvre appears on her Instagram page . "  I consider myself an artist , and when I set out on this mission , I wanted to honor my father 's memory and take beautiful photos to showcase the project , " Yang says . "  As any photographer knows , in order to create that ` perfect image ' there are times that editing is required . "  I do edit my work , and so does my photographer friend who took the photos . The white border around the cutout was cleaned up to make for a more beautiful photograph in many of these shots . "  It is sad that people are questioning the authenticity of the entire project , but ... I am grateful for the positive support I 've received from the community . "  The purpose of this project was not to make the perfect picture , but to bring peace to my family and inspire people to find hope and the courage to continue . " Travel as therapy Now back in New York , Yang is planning another European tour she hopes to take in July . "  Sometimes you have to hit rock bottom to know which direction to go , " says Yang . "  I was broken , and because I allowed myself to accept that , I found the strength to make a change . "  I had talked about going backpacking through Europe , but when I  actually  booked the ticket and started planning the trip , it gave me something to look forward to again . "  I became confident in my ability to do something , and discovered hope in my future again . "	Grieving daughter honors dead father by posing for pictures across Europe with his life-sized cutout Only 52 when he died , father Jay Kwon Yang dreamed of world travel , but never got the opportunity Daughter Jinna Yang is an artist in New York City Photos have gained worldwide attention
Washington  CNN  -- A new incident inflaming tensions between the United States and Afghanistan -- this time the alleged massacre of 16 Afghan civilians by a U.S. soldier -- calls into question the chances for stability as the U.S.-led military mission shifts security responsibility to Afghan forces in coming months . Sunday 's shootings in Kandahar province followed a series of events that already had sparked anger and distrust between the Afghan and U.S. governments , including the burning of Qurans by U.S. soldiers that led to a violent backlash , including attacks that killed U.S. service members . Now the concern is that an atrocity apparently carried out by a lone American soldier will heighten anti-U.S. sentiments among a civilian population that is key to a successful counterinsurgency strategy against the Taliban . Suspect suffered brain injury in 2010 , Pentagon official says Analysts and U.S. officials said Monday they believe the transition under way -- which seeks to end the American-led military mission in 2014 -- will remain on track , though the process may be more difficult . "  There is still no better option and the Afghans still are n't ready to handle their problems without us , and I think they know that , " said Michael O'Hanlon , a senior fellow at the non-partisan Brookings Institution , in an e-mail to CNN . Seth Jones , a senior political scientist at the non-partisan Rand Corporation research organization , said the Sunday incident "  certainly adds to tension between the U.S. and the Afghans , but I do n't believe this is a tipping point . " In the end , Jones told CNN , a key issue is whether local Afghan clans and sub-tribes will continue to work with U.S. and Afghan forces as part of the transition process . "  If it becomes clear in multiple regions that they would prefer a smaller U.S. role , especially one not in the lead , I do think that means transitioning to an Afghan lead faster , " Jones said . Calls to hasten the transition in Afghanistan had increased at home before Sunday 's shootings . Last week , two dozen U.S. senators -- Democrats and Republicans -- sent a letter to President Barack Obama that argued for a faster handover of security responsibility to Afghan forces so that U.S. combat forces could come home . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada reacted to Sunday 's shooting by adding to the calls for bringing U.S. troops home from Afghanistan as soon as possible , while Republican presidential hopeful Newt Gingrich said the entire Afghanistan mission needs to be reassessed . The Obama administration insisted Monday that the civilian killings , while tragic and horrific , would not change the goals or timing of the U.S. strategy to defeat al Qaeda in Afghanistan and turn over security responsibility to Afghan forces . "  This is a challenging time , there 's no question , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters Monday . "  I do not believe that this incident will change the timetable of a strategy that was designed and is being implemented to allow for the withdrawal of U.S. forces . " Carney noted that in the aftermath of the recent violent backlash in Afghanistan after the Quran burnings by U.S. troops , the two nations were able to complete a long-negotiated memorandum of understanding on the transfer of detainees . Also Monday , the Pentagon called the mass shooting in Afghanistan "  an isolated incident , " and spokesman George Little said the overall mission there remains the same . "  Despite what some are saying , we are not changing our fundamental strategy , " Little said . In addition , he said , recent polls that show a lack of American support for the war will not affect the strategy . O'Hanlon , of the Brookings Institution , said fallout from the Sunday shooting could harm efforts to negotiate a long-term strategic partnership with Afghanistan intended to maintain U.S. support after the end of the formal military mission . So far , those talks have been "  impeded by impasses over issues such as NATO night raids and civilian casualties , " O'Hanlon added . Jones , the Rand Corporation analyst , said news of Sunday 's attack was sure to travel quickly throughout Afghanistan , spread by mullahs in mosques , word-of-mouth and radio . The government will likely depict the incident as the latest of many atrocities by both sides , noting Taliban killings of civilians , while the Taliban will try to portray it as another example of U . S. aggression , Jones added . In Afghanistan on Monday , the Taliban called U.S. forces "  sick-minded American savages , " warning in an online statement that the group would mete out punishment for their "  barbaric actions . " President Hamid Karzai labeled the attack an "  unforgivable " crime , and people in the area of the killings were angry at both Americans and Afghan security forces , whom they accuse of failing to protect them , villager Muhammad Wali said . "  The people in these villages are scared , and we do n't know what is going to happen next . ... They saw nothing except the Americans going and killing them in their homes , " Wali said . To Jones , the greatest anger will come from "  the specific sub tribes and clans themselves where they lost villagers . " "  I think this will require some time to shake out , " he said , adding that the full impact of the attack wo n't be known until the view of the Afghan population becomes more clear . Only if the Afghan government and the Afghan people want to quicken the pace of the U.S. withdrawal will that happen , Jones said , adding : "  It should n't be based on one incident . " CNN 's Chris Lawrence and Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	Another atrocity heightens anti-U.S. sentiments in Afghanistan U.S. officials say the latest shooting wo n't change the Afghanistan mission or timetable Security responsibilities are to be turned over to Afghan forces by the end of 2014 Last week , two dozen U.S. senators called for speeding up the transition
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- New U.S. commander Gen. David Petraeus arrived in Afghanistan Friday , a day marred by violence in a part of the troubled nation that was relatively peaceful a year ago . Petraeus arrived at NATO headquarters in Kabul in the evening , the International Security Assistance Force said . Earlier in the day , Taliban militants in the northern city of Kunduz attacked the compound of a U.S. aid agency subcontractor , killing at least five people and wounding 20 others , government officials said . On the day of Petraeus ' arrival , the brazen attack served as a grim reminder for international forces that they face a difficult challenge in overcoming the Taliban insurgency , which many say has been gaining momentum . A year ago , places like Kunduz were regarded as safe -- but not anymore . The pre-dawn raid started when a suicide bomber on foot and another in a car detonated at the gate of the compound , said Mohammad Omar , the provincial governor . Following the initial assault , four gunmen stormed the facility , firing machine guns and throwing hand grenades , according to Omar . Three of the dead were foreigners -- a Filipino , a Briton and a German , Omar said . State Department spokesman Mark Toner told CNN that two American contractors were among the wounded and had been taken to the Provincial Reconstruction Team hospital in Kunduz province . The six-and-a-half-hour attack was on an office of Development Alternatives Inc. , a humanitarian assistance subcontractor working with the U.S. Agency of International Development . The Taliban said the building was a base for U.S. Special Operations troops , which the U.S. military denied . DAI said four of the dead worked for its security subcontractor , Edinburgh International , and that several more EI staff were wounded as were two DAI staff members . In a conflicting report , Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said six gunmen had killed nearly all of the 52 foreigners at the compound . "  The attack by insurgents in Kunduz was an attempt to intimidate Afghans and members of the international community trying to improve the lives of all Afghans , " said NATO 's International Security Assistance Force in a statement . "  This attack shows the insurgents ' desire to prevent progress and draws attention to their true goal of serving themselves rather than the people of Afghanistan , " said Navy Capt. Jane Campbell , an ISAF spokeswoman . "  We remain committed to serving alongside our Afghan partners to improve security and development for all Afghans . " CNN 's Atia Abawi , Journalist Matiullah Mati and State Department Producer Charley Keyes contributed to this report .	NEW : Two of the wounded are Americans The top U.S. commander arrives in Afghanistan on a day of more violence Attack serves as reminder of a brazen insurgency , ISAF says Pre-dawn attack targets subcontractor of U.S. aid agency
A California lawmaker has scheduled a hearing to examine disclosures of significant fraud in taxpayer-funded drug rehabilitation by The Center for Investigative Reporting and CNN . Dr. Richard Pan , chairman of the Assembly Health Committee , wants to know how the problem persisted for so long , even as state health authorities expanded their efforts this week to shut down questionable clinics . "  A lot of people seemed to know what was going on , but for some reason , they did n't seem to be acting on what was going on , " said Pan , a Democrat who represents the Sacramento area . "  It seemed like it was hiding in plain sight . " A yearlong investigation by CIR and CNN found widespread fraud and poor oversight in the state 's alcohol and drug counseling program for the poor , called Drug Medi-Cal . It is part of the nation 's largest Medicaid program . In the wake of that investigation , another California lawmaker has called for an independent audit into the troubled program . Los Angeles County officials also are proposing reforms aimed at tightening clinic oversight . Some clinics say they 've done nothing wrong Some of the clinics , however , are fighting back . Several of those temporarily suspended by the state are filing appeals . "  These people have done nothing wrong , " said Arthur Barens , a Los Angeles attorney who is appealing the suspensions of several clinics . "  They have not shown us any evidence of wrongdoing . I think that offends any concept of due process . " Pan said he will examine the issue during a hearing on Medi-Cal oversight already scheduled for September . "  I 'm hoping first to identify where the gaps are that allow the Drug Medi-Cal fraud to happen , " he said . "  Basically , what broke down ? " State Sen. Ted Lieu , a Democrat who represents parts of Los Angeles County , called for an independent review of the rehab program by the state auditor . "  I want to know ... what can we do to change laws or regulations so the fraud does n't occur in the future , " Lieu told CNN on Tuesday . He said he was motivated by his belief in rehabilitation programs as a crucial tool for reducing crime and the prison population . "  I became very concerned , " Lieu said , "  that if we do n't fix this fraud immediately , it would undercut the public support for this entire program . " Watch Anderson Cooper 's interview with Lieu Related : California lawmakers order audit of taxpayer-funded rehab program Infographic : Rehab investigation gets results State agency widens crackdown this week The state agency responsible for policing the rehab clinics , the Department of Health Care Services , widened its crackdown this week , announcing Friday it had temporarily suspended 46 clinics with 62 satellite counseling sites -- raising its previous total of suspended clinics by 13 . The department wo n't disclose which clinics have been targeted . Department spokesman Norman Williams pledged that the dragnet would be expanded even further . "  We 're going to make sure people who have defrauded the program are punished , " he said on Bay Area public radio station KQED on Tuesday . "  You can expect penalties , you can expect jail time and the top thing you can expect is a refocus , a stronger focus on making sure that these things are not happening in the future . " On Wednesday , the state Department of Justice said 36 clinics so far have been referred for investigation . One client of Barens confirmed that her two South Los Angeles rehab clinics , Changing Steps and Pom-Pom 's Castle , were suspended . The state 's suspension letter stated that Belinda Baker 's clients do not meet requirements for receiving services -- implying that they might not be addicts . "  Every single person we have  has  an addiction problem , " Baker said . "  They 're condemning us without really investigating us . " Baker said another suspended clinic might be the source of her problems . She said a county auditor recently informed her that Able Family Support -- a clinic run by a man with a 2000 organized crime conviction in Texas -- was billing for clients she was serving . "  That place is billing the same people we 're billing , and they 're sitting right here in group , " Baker said . "  We 're getting caught up in something , and I do n't even know what 's going on . " Able Family 's executive director , Alexander Ferdman , did not respond to a phone call . County authorities have been trying to determine why reporters observed no more than 30 people enter Ferdman 's clinic during a stakeout in April . The clinic later billed for seeing 179 clients that day . Related : Ferdman responds to CNN 's questions Group therapy patient : ` All you can do is pray ' Jerome Sanders , 53 , said he 's gone to group therapy sessions for a year at Baker 's Changing Steps clinic . He credits the facility with helping him stay off crack cocaine and said he 's disappointed that it 's stopped offering counseling . "  You never get strong enough ; all you can do is pray , " Sanders said . Sanders said he has n't been to another Drug Medi-Cal clinic since Changing Steps closed its doors in mid-July because "  there 's nowhere to go . " "  Every now and then , I 'll go to an AA meeting just to keep my sobriety going , " he said . Baker 's clinics have been cited in county audits for problems including billing for therapy sessions when counselors were off work and other practices investigators labeled as "  directly indicative of a lack of integrity . " Her lawyer , Barens , said audits tend to "  result in some kind of adjustment being made , but it 's always been very minor . " Barens said his other clients are R.I.G.H.T. Program , the New Choice Recovery Treatment Center , all also in Los Angeles County . Another of Barens ' clients was eventually taken off the suspension list , according to county officials . Barens has requested in-person hearings , he said , and is filing appeals with state officials to speed up the process and restore funding . All five of his clients and at least three other suspended clinics , including Able Family Support , employ the same medical director , Dr. Howard Oliver . Oliver said the clinics do important work but might be sloppy with their paperwork and employ "  uneducated " counselors who make mistakes . "  I do n't think it 's fair , " Oliver said . "  They 're not dishonest . " The attorney for Immaculate Care Center in Riverside County also said that clinic has been suspended and is appealing . "  It 's a really sad state of affairs , especially because we do n't know what went wrong , " said Joseph Benincasa . "  If we did something wrong , we want to correct it . " The suspension letter cites a 2009 fraud prosecution against Immaculate Care 's leaders , Godday Imakavar and Japhet Ifejoku . Imakavar was convicted and banned from billing Medi-Cal . The attorney said Imakavar remains on the clinic 's board of directors but has little to do with the clinic . Ifejoku has been a fugitive avoiding the 2009 charges , yet remained the clinic 's executive director . Benincasa said he was removed from his post in June , an action that occurred after CIR made inquiries . Regulators suggest reforms to Drug Medi-Cal Noting the CIR and CNN investigation and the state crackdown , Los Angeles County regulators suggested reforms to the Drug Medi-Cal program . In a memo to the county Board of Supervisors , Public Health Director Dr. Jonathan Fielding recommended that the state toughen requirements for clinics to become certified and make certification provisional for the first two years . "  Quite frankly , " he wrote in an e-mail , "  we 've been frustrated in the past over the lax standards of state certification and the time it has taken the state to investigate and take action suspending and removing certification from bad actors . " Fielding called the fraud uncovered by reporters "  a tragedy . " He said the county wo n't be satisfied until "  every unscrupulous operator is out of business and brought to justice . " At the same time that state authorities began suspending clinics suspected of illegality , county officials announced a more than $ 191,000 funding increase for New Choice Recovery Treatment Center . The county immediately suspended those payments , Fielding said , adding that the mistake was "  unacceptable " and underscores the need for better communication between the state and county . Rehab racket : A CNN/CIR investigation of fraud , fakes and felons Part 1 , Part 2 , Part 3 August 2014 news update : State audit confirms weak oversight , potential fraud at rehab clinics	California Department of Health Care Services announces temporary suspension of 13 more clinics Lawmaker sets hearing to examine disclosures of fraud in Drug Medi-Cal program Yearlong investigation by CIR and CNN found fraud and poor oversight in California program Attorney for several clinics : "  These people have done nothing wrong "
CNN  This time there was no escape for Rafael Nadal at the Australian Open . The 14-time grand slam winner rallied to beat unheralded qualifier Tim Smyczek in five sets in the second round but he could n't come back against a better opponent , Tomas Berdych , in the quarterfinals Tuesday . Berdych crushed Nadal 6-2 6-0 7-6  5  thanks to a fine display of power tennis to end a 17-match losing streak against the Spaniard . One of those losses came in the 2010 Wimbledon final . Earlier Tuesday , Maria Sharapova set up a semifinal duel with fellow Russian Ekaterina Makarova when she eased past Eugenie Bouchard 6-3 6-2 and 10th-seed Makarova upset third-seed Simona Halep 6-4 6-0 . While Berdych barely missed on Rod Laver Arena , Nadal called his own display "  very bad " and said he helped Berdych by lacking in his trademark intensity . "  The third was the right set , the right game that I have to play , " Nadal told reporters . "  But is obvious that before I did n't play with the right confidence , with the right intensity , losing court , playing very short . I make him play very easy . "  So you can not expect to win matches in quarterfinals of a grand slam helping the opponent to play well . " Contributing to his fluctuating performances in Melbourne were a lack of match practice , added Nadal . Entering the Australian Open , he 'd only played eight tour-level matches since the middle of July because of a wrist injury , then appendicitis , in another long layoff . Besides stuttering against Smyczek -- when Nadal was ill -- the third seed struggled at times in the third round against Dudi Sela . He turned it around against Kevin Anderson in the fourth round . "  When you are coming back from injuries you lose more easier the feeling than you do when you are on rhythm , when you are with no injuries , when you are confident in yourself that you played a lot of matches , " Nadal said . "  And that 's the thing that happened , no ? "  When I was playing well , I played well . But at the same time , against Sela I played well two sets , played bad the third . Against Anderson , was probably the only match I played regular . Played the right level during almost all the time . "  The rest of the matches have been lot of up and down . " Berdych , however , did what he had to , hitting 46 winners and making only 21 unforced errors . The tennis tour has seen a handful of retired grand slam winners return as coaches and Berdych attempted to lure eight-time grand slam champion Ivan Lendl -- Murray 's former coach -- last year . But Lendl turned down the chance to work with his countryman because he was , according to Berdych , too busy . Berdych instead opted for the 28-year-old Dani Vallverdu , Murray 's former co-coach . Lendl and Vallverdu were by Murray 's side when he opened his grand slam account at the 2012 U.S. Open before the Scot became the first British man in almost 80 years to win Wimbledon in 2013 . Berdych indeed admitted that Vallverdu helped him with his tactics against Nadal , and the effects were immediate . "  He changed a lot of things , " said Berdych , who next faces Murray . "  He changed a lot of positive things . And the best is I 'm really able to execute them really , really quickly . That 's how it should be . "  But ... it 's not only about sitting on the table and talking about the tactics , it 's also about you have to know what to do with that . If you have a plan it 's a nice thing , but if you never tried it before or never practiced before , I mean , that 's useless . " The 29-year-old blasted past Nadal in an hour in the first two sets . When Nadal elevated his game in the third set , Berdych did n't buckle even after he missed two match points on the Nadal serve at 6-5 . He stormed to a 5-1 lead in the tiebreak , a deficit that Nadal was n't able to overcome . Berdych saved all four break points he faced and pummeled Nadal 's second serve , winning 71 % of those points . "  Today I have the only time I can to enjoy the victory , " said Berdych . "  When I wake up tomorrow morning just all the focus goes for the next opponent and my next match . " Murray ended the run of 19-year-old Aussie Nick Kyrgios , dampening the spirits of most of those on Rod Laver Arena who showed up for the night match . Murray won 6-3 7-6  5  6-3 , the turning point coming in the second-set tiebreak . Kyrgios -- the first teenager on the men 's tour to make multiple grand slam quarterfinals since Roger Federer -- led 4-3 with a mini-break but paid the price for two short approach shots , both punished by perfect Murray lobs . "  He was way too good for me , " Kyrgios said . The other semifinal pairing will be determined Wednesday . Novak Djokovic , trying for a fifth Australian Open crown , meets big-serving Canadian Milos Raonic , and defending champion Stan Wawrinka confronts U.S. Open finalist Kei Nishikori . No problem for Maria Sharapova needed three sets to battle past Bouchard at last year 's French Open , but Tuesday was easier for the five-time grand slam winner . She was steady . Bouchard , meanwhile , drowned in unforced errors , making 30 and chipping in only 13 winners . "  If I do n't have enough time I probably go for riskier shots and that 's why I would miss a few more , " Bouchard told reporters . "  That 's why I think I made a few too many unforced errors . Just feeling under pressure , feeling I had to go for something . " Sharapova has turned around her tournament since saving two match points in the second round against qualifier Alexandra Panova . Her dad Yuri -- who no longer travels with Sharapova -- has n't been shy to give her advice . "  When you 're down and out like I was in the second match , it 's like , I do n't want to face that phone call with my father too many times during a tournament , " said Sharapova , who last won a major outside Roland Garros seven years ago . "  It 's like , ' I better get my stuff together . ' "  He told me that I was working much harder than I had to . If I was maybe a little bit smarter , did a few things maybe a little bit differently , maybe it could have been easier . " Makarova may not be a household name but the left-hander has now reached consecutive grand slam semifinals . She handled the occasion better than Halep , who lost last year 's French Open final to Sharapova in three dramatic sets . "  I practiced very well in the morning , but maybe I was a little bit too stressed before I started the match , " Halep told reporters . "  Was n't my good day . I had a bad day . " In Wednesday 's two other quarterfinals , top-seed Serena Williams faces 2014 finalist Dominika Cibulkova and Venus Williams battles Madison Keys in an all-American contest .	Rafael Nadal loses to Tomas Berdych at the Australian Open Berdych powers past the 14-time grand slam winner in straight sets The Czech had lost 17 straight times to Nadal Maria Sharapova , Ekaterina Makarova advance to semifinals
CNN Student News  -- Record the CNN Special Investigations Unit Classroom Edition : Busted ! Mortgage Meltdown when it airs commercial-free on Monday , October 6 , 2008 , from approximately 4:10 -- 5:00 a.m. ET on CNN .  A short feature begins at 4:00 a.m. and precedes the program . Program Overview Home loans gone bad are wrecking the U.S. economy . CNN teams up with Fortune Magazine 's Andy Serwer to investigate how the housing boom went bust . The fallout begins on Wall Street , where billions of dollars in American mortgages were bought , bundled and sold around the world . CNN takes the high-stakes mortgage game to Delmonico 's , a Wall Street institution since 1837 , where the likes of J.P. Morgan and Andrew Carnegie once wheeled and dealed . Host Andy Serwer plays dealer and invites a few experts to face off on the mortgage crisis . Guest players include New York Times columnist and Princeton economist Paul Krugman , CNN 's Personal Finance Editor Gerri Willis , securities guru Janet Tavakoli , investment strategist Peter Dunay and mortgage broker Jon Shibley . Grade Levels : 11-12 , College Subject Areas : Business , Economics , Finance , Social Studies , Life Skills Objectives : The CNN Special Investigations Unit Classroom Edition : Busted ! Mortgage Meltdown and its corresponding discussion questions and activity challenge students to : Curriculum Connections Economics America National Standards Standard 10 : Role of Economic Institutions Students will understand that : Institutions evolve in market economies to help individuals and groups accomplish their goals . Banks , labor unions , corporations , legal systems , and not-for-profit organizations are examples of important institutions . A different kind of institution , clearly defined and enforced property rights , is essential to a market economy . Standard 16 : Role of Government Students will understand that : There is an economic role for government in a market economy whenever the benefits of a government policy outweigh its costs . Governments often provide for national defense , address environmental concerns , define and protect property rights , and attempt to make markets more competitive . Most government policies also redistribute income . The Economics America National Standards  http://www.ncee.net/ea/standards/  are published by the National Council on Economic Education  http://www.ncee.net/  . Social Studies Standard V. Individuals , Groups and Institutions : Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of interactions among individuals , groups , and institutions . Standard VI . Power , Authority , and Governance : Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of how people create and change structures of power , authority , and governance . The Curriculum Standards for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/standards/strands/  are published by the National Council for Social Studies  http://ncss.org/  . Discussion Questions Suggested Activity Point out to students that one of the best ways for them to prepare for homeownership is to arm themselves with knowledge , and that the purpose of this activity is to help them obtain this information . Group students and instruct each group to prepare a PowerPoint presentation on the top ten things that first-time homebuyers should know before they shop for a mortgage . Groups may want to include information that addresses these points : Have groups deliver their presentations to the class . If possible , invite a realtor or mortgage broker to attend the presentations and discuss the guidelines that are used to determine whether or not a homebuyer can afford a home . Extension Following the presentations , direct students to print and online resources to identify homes that are for sale in their community , as well as the current interest rates for a 30-year fixed mortgage , a 15-year fixed mortgage and a 5/1 ARM . Next , have each student select a house and use an online amortization schedule calculator to determine what the monthly payment  principle + interest  would be for each type of loan , assuming that the loan was for 80 % of the purchase price of the home . Instruct students to identify the potential benefits and drawbacks of each type of loan , and to select the loan type that they feel would be the best choice for the homebuyer . Then , have each student determine the salary that he or she thinks a person would need to earn to afford the monthly mortgage payments . After students share their research , ask : Keywords mortgage , subprime , foreclosure , economy , interest rates , credit risk , housing prices , homeowner , real estate , mortgage broker , reverse redlining , Wall Street , Federal Reserve , securities , regulation , predatory lending , housing bubble , capitalism , recession , depression	Learn about the different types of home loans that are available to consumers Examine the current mortgage crisis in the U.S. Identify the economic and social ripple effects of this crisis Determine ten things homebuyers should know before they shop for a mortgage
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Five of six men accused of plotting terrorist acts with al Qaeda were convicted Tuesday by a Miami jury after six days of deliberation , authorities said . Narseal Batiste , 35 , was the only defendant found guilty of all four conspiracy charges . The six suspects were arrested in June 2006 for allegedly conspiring to blow up buildings , including the 110-story Sears Tower , the nation 's tallest building , in Chicago , Illinois ; the FBI 's Miami office and others . The suspected ringleader , Narseal Batiste , 35 , was the only defendant found guilty of all four conspiracy charges , including conspiring to incite a rebellion against the United States , supplying materials to a terror organization and terrorists , and conspiring to destroy buildings with explosives . Another defendant , Patrick Abraham , 29 , was convicted of two counts involving supplying materials to terrorists and terror groups , and of conspiring to destroy buildings with explosives . Stanley Grant , 33 , Burson Augustin , 24 , and Rotschild Augustine , 25 , were convicted of supplying materials to terrorists , but acquitted of the other charges . The sixth defendant , Naudimer Herrera , 25 , was acquitted on all four counts . "  The jury has spoken , " Abraham 's attorney , Albert Z. Levin , told CNN after the verdicts . "  And we anxiously await our day in the court of appeals . " Nathan Clark , attorney for Rotschild Augustine , indicated his client would also appeal , saying , "  The fight has only just begun . " The terror trial in Miami was the third held for the defendants . Juries have twice deadlocked on verdicts for the group of homeless men initially known as the "  Liberty City 7 , " for the Miami neighborhood where authorities say they operated . In the first trial , a mistrial was declared after nine days of deliberations in December 2007 , although a seventh defendant was acquitted . The jury in the second trial deadlocked in April 2008 after deliberating for 13 days . A sticking point for the first two juries was whether the defendants were actually seriously plotting with al Qaeda as the prosecutors alleged or if they were simply struggling young men who were looking to con an FBI informant out of money , as the defense alleged . Authorities have said the men did not have explosives or weapons and that their plans appeared "  more aspirational than operational . " The investigation began after an Arabic speaker contacted authorities , saying that Batiste approached him about waging "  jihad " in the United States . Investigators then planted among the group an undercover informant , who claimed to be an al Qaeda member who helped plan the attack on the USS Cole in 2000 . A federal raid on the group 's Liberty City warehouse in 2006 revealed a receipt for purchase of a gun , as well as ammunition , marijuana , two credit cards , 10 euros , three machetes , two swords , an ax , uniforms and a flight suit . On a surveillance videotape played during trial , Batiste could be heard saying he was "  very grateful " to Osama bin Laden and "  loved " the al Qaeda leader 's work . He also said he respected bin Laden and wanted to meet him someday . In other excerpts , Batiste told the informant his people needed training , and they discussed going to Chicago because the city has underground trains and tunnels . CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	Men accused of plotting terrorist acts with al Qaeda This is the third trial in "  Liberty City 7 " terrorism case Two juries in Florida deadlocked in high-profile terrorism case Sticking point for previous juries : Whether defendants were seriously plotting
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and leaders of a massive Indian protest plan to meet Sunday in the city of Cali . Protesters march this week along the Pan-American Highway in Villarrica , Colombia . The president spoke by phone Thursday evening with one protest leader , Daniel Pinacue , and said he looked forward to "  comprehensive and constructive " dialogue , the Colombian government said . Tens of thousands of Indians are marching from the mountains of southwest Colombia to Cali , a city of 2 million , to demand more land , better education and health care and protection from corporations encroaching on their ancestral land . Colombia 's 1.3 million Indians rank among the most impoverished of the country 's 40 million people . Protesters and police have clashed since demonstrations began October 10 . At least four demonstrators have been killed and 130 wounded , Indian leaders said . They have accused government security forces of shooting at them . Watch as violence has marred the two-week-old struggle " Authorities have denied the allegations and said some Indians have hurled rocks , thrown Molotov cocktails and homemade explosives at security forces . As many as 70 security force members , mainly riot police , have been hurt , the government has said . Authorities also said some Indians have shot fellow demonstrators to stir up the crowd 's anger . After initially denying such accusations , Uribe admitted Wednesday that police had fired on Indian demonstrators last week despite a government pledge that security forces would not do so . "  The police did fire , " Uribe said at a news conference after CNN obtained and aired a videotape that shows police at La Maria Indian reservation October 16 in southwestern Colombia . Watch as Uribe apologizes " The patrolman who fired , Uribe said , was being attacked with explosives . His supervisors did not know he fired , the president said . The Indians who have been killed died as a result of their explosives and not police bullets , Uribe said . "  This is a resistance movement , " said protester Rodrigo Quira . "  We do n't agree with President Uribe 's policies , and other groups are affected , too . That 's why they 're joining us . " The demonstrators have snaked along the Pan-American Highway , a major trade route in South America . They occasionally play traditional Indian songs that date to the time of the Spanish conquest , when many Indians across South and Central America died as a result of imported disease , slavery and warfare . "  I believe we have to forge strong alliances in our struggle to demand our rights , " said Aida Quilcue , an Indian leader . A member of Colombia 's riot police force said , "  The Indians are the worst because they 're fighting with Molotov cocktails , gunpowder -LSB- in homemade explosives -RSB- and machetes . " In the five-minute phone call between Uribe and Pinacue , the president said both sides should talk this weekend "  with a spirit of brotherhood , " according to the Colombian government .	President Alvaro Uribe ready for "  constructive " dialogue , government says Indians demonstrating for greater land rights , protesting free-market capitalism At least four protesters have been killed and 130 wounded , Indian leaders say Authorities say protesters hurling rocks , Molotov cocktails at security forces
Alyssa Cashman is a writer for The Daily Iowan , the leading news source for University of Iowa . This article was brought to CNN.com by UWIRE , the leading provider of student-generated content . UWIRE aims to identify and promote the brightest young content creators and deliver their work to a larger audience via professional media partners such as CNN.com . Visit UWIRE.com to learn more . University of Iowa President Sally Mason talks to the Board of Regents . UWIRE  -- The state Board of Regents has reopened its investigation into the University of Iowa 's handling of an alleged rape by two of its football players . The regents unanimously voted to re-examine how the university handled the accusation during a special meeting on the University of Iowa campus Tuesday . The mother of a woman who reported she had been raped in a Hillcrest dorm room in October 2007 sent letters in November and May to school officials complaining about the school 's handling of the case . Those letters -- which President Sally Mason received copies of -- were n't turned over to the regents during the initial investigation , which concluded in June . In that investigation , the regents concluded that university officials had handled the situation correctly . Now that the regents are aware of the letters , however , they want to know more . "  This is a serious breach of trust , " Regent President David Miles said . "  It undermines the credibility of the university and this board . " School officials say they welcome the second investigation , insisting that the findings will be the same as the earlier probe . The new report will be presented at the next regents ' meeting , scheduled for September 18 . On July 18 , one of the letters from the mother was released . In the four-page letter , which Miles described as heart-wrenching , the mother contended that the university had mishandled her daughter 's case . University of Iowa officials have not disputed the letter 's contents but insist there was no cover-up . In October 2007 , the woman reported she had been assaulted in a Hillcrest dorm by two then-Hawkeye football players , Abe Satterfield and Cedric Everson . The men left the team late last year . After a trip to the hospital , she and her father went to the athletics department with the allegations . According to the letter , she was interviewed by Gary Barta , the Iowa athletics director , head football coach Kirk Ferentz , and Fred Mims , an associate athletics director . The woman claims that she was pressured to keep the case "  informal " or within the athletics department . The mother wrote that the woman was told a "  formal process " would be "  long and arduous " compared with the "  swift " informal process led by the athletics department . Satterfield and Everson were both charged with second-degree sexual abuse six months after the incident . Satterfield was also charged with third-degree sexual abuse . The first letter was dated November 19 , 2007 , and was sent to various university officials . Mason said she saw the letter around Thanksgiving . Another letter was sent in May directly to Mason . Neither letter was given to the regents , a move that put into question the manner in which the investigation was handled . The letter sent in May has not been released yet , University of Iowa Spokesman Steve Parrott said . The original reasoning for not handing over the letters , Mason said , was an interpretation of the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act . This act gives parents and students the right to protect their educational records . "  This original thinking ... is just not tenable , " Mason said , apologizing to the regents . "  There is no excuse for the failure to turn over those letters as part of the -LSB- first -RSB- investigation . " Mason was informed of the misinterpretation by Marcus Mills , the University of Iowa vice president for Legal Affairs and the school 's general counsel , but who initially made the mistake was not disclosed . Mason apologized profusely for the incident to the regents and the family . She declined to comment on whether safety policies were changed after the first letter in November . In the letter , the woman also contends that the woman 's father attempted to call Mason on November 5 . That phone call was never returned . Tom Evans , investigator and general counsel to the regents , attempted to contact the family after the case surfaced . The family declined to talk with him . Barta , who attended the meeting , said he welcomed the second investigation , and he was confident that the regents would find that his staff had followed the correct steps . "  Again , it has been very challenging to not be able to tell the full story , " Barta said in a statement issued after the meeting . "  It has been especially trying the past few days as the integrity and character of Kirk Ferentz , President Mason , -LSB- and myself -RSB- has been publicly challenged . "	Board of Regents reopens investigation of university officials ' handling of rape case President received letters from mother of alleged rape victim , did n't give to board In October 2007 , woman reported assault by two Hawkeye football players Athletics director : Investigation will find staff followed correct steps
CNN  -- Shocks were at a premium as 2014 World Cup qualifying kicked off in Europe Friday but Portugal were given a fright before beating minnows Luxembourg 2-1 in their opener in Group F . It needed a Cristiano Ronaldo equalizer in the first half to cancel out Daniel Da Mota 's 14th minute opener for the hosts . Helder Postiga hit the winner just before the hour mark as they kept pace with Russia , who earlier beat Northern Ireland 2-0 in Moscow . Of the big guns , England were the most comprehensive winners , beating Moldova 5-0 in Chisinau with Frank Lampard scoring a first half double and Jermain Defoe adding the other . James Milner and Leighton Baines were on target after the break as Roy Hodgson 's team took an early advantage in Group H with Montenegro and Poland sharing four goals in the other match in the qualifying section . Germany were made to work hard by the Faroe Islands whose goalkeeper Gunnar Nielsen made a series of fine saves . The home side only led 1-0 at halftime in Hannover , but a second half double from Real Madrid star Mesut Ozil gave them a more comfortable 3-0 advantage by the final whistle . Republic of Ireland were the other winners on the night in Group C as two late goals from Robbie Keane , with a penalty , and Kevin Doyle gave them a fortunate 2-1 win in Kazakhstan . Euro 2012 runners-up Italy were grateful for a 2-2 draw in Bulgaria in Group , falling behind to a long range strike from Stanislav Manolev . Italy hit back in the Vasil Levski Stadium in Sofia with a pair of goals from their Argentine-born striker Pablo Osvaldo . But Gerogi Milanov finished off a fine move to give the home side a deserved point . France made a winning start in the tough looking Group I which also features reigning World and European champions Spain , who sat out the opening round of fixtures . Didier Deschamps ' new charges emerged 1-0 winners in Finland with Abou Diaby first half strike proving the difference . New Tottenham goalkeeper Hugo Lloris made a fine late save to keep out the hosts . The Netherlands had Manchester United 's Robin van Persie on target as they beat Turkey 2-0 in a heavyweight clash to start Group D. Group A favorites Belgium , packed with big money English Premier League signings , made a solid start to their campaign with a 2-0 win over Wales , who had James Collins sent off in the first half . Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany headed them in front before the break with Tottenham 's Jan Vertonghen sealing the three points in Cardiff . Bosnia-Herzegovina secured the biggest win of the night in Liechtenstein as Vedad Ibisevic and Edin Dzeko scored hat-tricks in an 8-1 romp .	Cristiano Ronaldo 's Portugal have to come from behind to beat Luxembourg 2-1 Italy held to 2-2 draw in Bulgaria with Pablo Osvaldo scoring twice for visitors England win 5-0 in Moldova in first qualifying match for manager Roy Hodgson Germany , France and the Netherlands also secure opening wins
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The much-maligned symbol of motoring in Communist East Germany , the Trabant , is set to make an unlikely comeback as a concept car at this year 's International Motor Show in Frankfurt . The old-style Trabi is a common sight in Germany where tourist operators use the car for local tours . Designers have replaced the car 's smoke-belching two-stroke engine with electric fuel cells and solar-powered air-conditioning . This , they promise , is not the four-wheeled object of ridicule that rolled off production lines in East Germany from 1957 until 1991 . This is the new Trabant , or Trabi as they 're known , an energy-efficient city car for modern drivers . "  I think the market will be people who say the old Trabant was a cool car , and people who want to have a stylish car , and want to have a green car , " Daniel Stiegler , of Herpa Miniaturemodelle , told CNN . Herpa is not a carmaker , at least not in the traditional sense . It makes model cars and airplanes , of the type that sit in display cabinets , not garages . Two years ago , a member of its management team , Klaus Schindler , decided it was time to make a miniature model of the Trabant . Herpa took it to the International Motor Show in Frankfurt in 2007 and were stunned by the response . "  We had a special folder where people at the fair could fill out and give it back to use . We had about 14,000 reactions on that , and most of them , 90 percent , said ` Yes , the Trabant is a really cool car , let 's bring it back , ' " Stiegler said . Herpa teamed up with German auto parts maker IndiKar , which has designed a prototype to be unveiled at the International Motor Show in Frankfurt in September . They hope to attract enough interest to put the car back into production . The early response of Trabi enthusiasts to an electric version of their much-loved cars has been encouraging . "  This will be an ideal vehicle to try it on , " Geoff Armitage , who had been the president or chairman of the Wartburg Trabant IFA Club UK on and off for some 18 years . "  If they go for the same type of cladding of duroplast , or western-style glass fibre , you have a light body which obviously will be an advantage for an electric car . " The original exterior of the cars was made from duroplast , a blend of cast-off cotton fibers from Russia mixed with glue . Armitage bought his first Trabant in the Netherlands in 1987 , two years before the fall of the Berlin Wall . Over the years , he 's owned around 20 of the German cars , adding "  we have several restoration projects in the yard at the moment . " Like many admirers , he appreciates the Trabi 's simplicity . "  They are basic technology . There is absolutely nothing that we ca n't repair ourselves . If we ca n't get the parts we can usually make them , " he laughed . "  If they can do the electrical conversion , for want of a better term , in a relatively low-tech way so they keep it simple I think it could be a success , " he said . German filmmaker Maximilian Spohr spent four years making a documentary about the Trabant . He became fascinated about the car 's origins as a child growing up in the East where residents faced up to a fourteen-year wait for delivery of their vehicles . "  There was only a certain contingent , a certain amount , allowed every year , because they did n't have enough screws , they did n't have enough parts , " he said . For his documentary , "  A Car For A Dollar , " he interviewed former Trabant engineers and owners and found an abundance of nostalgia for the old-style vehicles , despite their association with Communist repression . "  People remember it as their only partner in crime , " Spohr said . "  It was the one and only thing that brought them around the country . They were n't allowed to go far . This was the only vehicle they could use and it was always reliable , most times . " Many of the cars were dumped by their owners as soon as they 'd driven them to freedom over the border from East to West . Spohr said it did n't take long for nostalgia to kick in and the first Trabi appreciation meeting was held in 1990 , just one year after the fall of the Berlin Wall . Of plans for a new , eco-friendly Trabi , Spohr says , " "  I think it 's great . People would probably love it , I think it will sell . Big time . " If the modern Trabant fails to materialize , there 's always the option to step back in time in the original version . Trabis can still be seen slowly weaving through traffic , particularly in Berlin and Dresden , where Trabi-Safari leads tourists in a procession of up to six cars to local points of interest .	Relic of Communist East Germany to be revived as eco-friendly city car New electric Trabant to be unveiled at International Motor Show in Frankfurt Car was once the only vehicle available in East before fall of Berlin Wall Trabi enthusiasts admire the car 's simplicity , ability to make running repairs
CNN  -- Facebook is the fast food of the Internet : easy , quick , satisfying and requiring minimal effort . And the new Facebook Home smartphone interface is for people who live and breathe the social network above any other site or service , depending on it as a news source and communication hub . Facebook Home is a free Android app that makes some mild changes to a phone 's lock screen and home screen to deliver more Facebook features . It 's available now in the Google Play store for select Android phones and comes pre-installed on the new HTC First phone , which we have been testing out . Cover Feed The most prominent feature of Facebook Home is the cover feed . The phone 's lock screen displays a constant slideshow of friends ' photos and updates that will glide by anytime the device is awake . You can like or comment on a status update or image directly from this screen , tap and hold to get a better look at photos , and swipe to flip through the updates going back in time . Even short statuses are given the full-screen treatment here , displayed on top of a grayed out timeline photo . Tap on the small profile picture for a friend to go straight to their timeline , or tap on a link to open whatever video or article your friend has posted . For people who habitually check Facebook on their phones , the cover feed combines time wasting with time saving . It 's like having a TV constantly on in the background -- your friend 's wedding photos , weather updates , political rants are turned into soothing white noise you can marginally pay attention to while doing other tasks . It 's difficult not to constantly glance at the updates as they go by , an interesting photo catching your eye in the background anytime you check the time or get a text message or other notification . Unfortunately , that allure is n't limited to the phone 's owner . Friends and family members were easily sucked in by my phone running Facebook Home , automatically picking up the device and flipping through the photos . Anytime your phone is visible and awake , say when you put it on the table at a business meeting or cafe , people can get a peek at your friend feed . This has the potential to get really awkward . Unlike your own carefully crafted timeline , the feed of content coming from all Facebook contacts is n't controlled . There are no settings to pick and choose whose updates show up , so alongside the cute baby and vacation photos from close friends are the uncomfortable drunken photos from a weekend birthday party , political rants from your uncle , weird viral photos you wish you could un-see . Another downside is that it is way too easy to accidentally like a status or photo , which can get embarrassing . There are no ads on the cover feed , but they will be added at some point . For many , any enjoyment that comes from seeing photos and statuses effortlessly play on the phone 's screen could be negated as soon as an unwanted advertisement slips in . Home Screen To escape the slideshow , use the tiny circle with your profile photo located at the bottom of the lock screen . Tap on your face and swipe it left to open Facebook Messenger and communicate with your friends through the social network , bypassing text messages or phone calls . Swipe right to open the most recently used app or up to go to the phone 's main app screen where more Facebooking awaits . There is no place to swipe to take a photo or post a status update . Camera shortcuts are common on most smartphone lock screens , and it seems like a curious omission seeing as how most people are taking those photos just to put them on Facebook or Instagram . But its only one step away . The main app screen has three new buttons along the top for posting a status or photo or checking into a location on Facebook . Swipe left or right to see the usual selection of Android apps , which have suffered a bit of a demotion in the Facebook Home world . Chat Heads The most clever and useful feature is Chat Heads , which will show Facebook messages from your friends  along with a bubble showing their profile photo  no matter what app you are using at the time . What makes the chat feature handy is that it does n't require you to go to another app to respond . You can reply right there without having to leave Google Maps or whatever app you happen to be using , even move the bubble around so it 's not blocking a certain part of the screen . Being able to chat away while doing other things is a huge time saver and hopefully something that will be adopted by other operating systems . You do n't even need Facebook Home to get this feature . The company has rolled out an update for its Messenger Android app that adds Chat Heads , so you can multitask away on any Android phone . A new update to the iOS Facebook app also adds Chat Heads , but unfortunately it only works inside the app . These are n't revolutionary changes to the smartphone experience . For many it will be too simplified , too invasive , too annoying . But for a certain segment of Internet users it could be a no-brainer update . Facebook says is has over a billion active users , and that includes an extremely wide range of ages and levels of tech know-how . Smartphone users check the social network 14 times a day , according to a recent survey by IDC . There are many people who 's Internet interactions revolve almost entirely around Facebook , which serves up their news and entertainment and acts as both an e-mail and chat program . For these Facebook-centric people , a smartphone that caters to how they use the Internet will the the most natural upgrade in the world .	Facebook Home turns Android devices into a tool for checking Facebook first The new cover feed feature is fun , but it can get awkward when others see your phone Chat Heads is the best feature , allowing you to talk without leaving other apps
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  -- At least 15 people were killed Monday in a suicide attack on a Shiite religious ceremony in the northeast Nigerian town of Potiskum and six others in a shooting by soldiers , a Shiite cleric and a paramedic said . A suicide bomber blew himself up amid a large crowd of Shiite Muslims holding the annual Ashura ceremony to commemorate the murder of Imam Husseyn , the grandson of the Prophet Mohammed , in Karbala 1,300 years ago . No one has claimed responsibility for the attack , but militants from the Boko Haram Islamist group , who have waged an insurgency in the region for five years , have been responsible for previous attacks in Nigeria . Soldiers who deployed after the blast , in the Tsohuwar Unguwa area of the town , broke into the nearby Shiite seminary and opened fire on mourners who were sheltering from the blast , killing six , said Mustapha Lawan Nasidi , leader of the Shiites in Potiskum . "  A suicide bomber  $ detonated explosives he was carrying among a large crowd of people commemorating Ashura near our seminary , Madrasatul Fudiyya , killing 15 people and injuring more than 50 others , " Nasidi said . "  To our shock , soldiers who deployed to the scene shortly after the blast broke into the seminary , where some people had taken shelter , and opened fire on them , killing six and injuring four others , " he said . CNN has asked the Nigerian military for comment on the shooting claim but has not received a response . He said the death toll could grow because of the seriousness of the injuries . "  It was a huge crowd , and many of them were affected by the explosion , " said a policeman who helped evacuate casualties . Tanimu Musa , a paramedic who attended to the  $ injured , called for aid . "  We have 21 dead bodies and dozens of wounded . We need more blood and medical supplies to tend to those injured , " Musa said . This is not the first deadly attack in Potiskum , the commercial hub of Yobe state . In July , four Shiites were killed in an explosion at an open-air mosque in the Dogo Tebo area of town . And in May 2013 , three Shiite worshippers were killed and several injured when gunmen fired on people saying their evening prayers outside Nasidi 's home . Both attacks were blamed on Boko Haram . Boko Haram leader denies ceasefire deal	A bomber killed at least 15 people in an attack on a religious ceremony , a Shiite cleric says After the blast , soldiers shot and killed six people who 'd sought refuge , the cleric says No one claimed responsibility , but Boko Haram has made attacks in the area before The Nigerian military has not responded to a CNN request for comment on the shooting claim
February 11 , 2015 Today 's show begins by remembering Kayla Mueller , a woman who dedicated her life to helping others . We 're also looking into the increasing popularity of dashboard cameras : What kinds of impact have they had on everything from police work to disaster investigations ? We explore five hardships caused by snow days , and we examine just how germy public places can be . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
In some ways , it 's just a number , but it 's a big number with enormous implications . For the first time , scientists measured an average concentration of atmospheric carbon dioxide of 400 parts per million in Mauna Loa , Hawaii , where the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration observatory is located , on Thursday . "  Most experts that really study CO2 amounts estimate that we have n't seen that amount of CO2 in our atmosphere in about 3 million years , " said J. Marshall Shepherd , climate change expert and professor at the University of Georgia . In other words , modern humans have never seen carbon dioxide in these proportions before . Scientists say it 's apparent that human activity -- namely burning coal , oil and natural gas -- has been driving a rapid rise of carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere . Carbon dioxide changes climate and drives acidification of the ocean . "  Once emitted , it remains for the ocean atmosphere system for thousands of years , warming the planet . It changes climate and is driving ocean acidification all that time , " said Jim Butler , a senior scientist at NOAA . Among the many risks of rising temperatures , agriculture , forestry , ecosystems and human health are all expected to suffer as a result of trends in climate change . Turbulence ahead as climate changes The amount of carbon dioxide varies daily somewhat and has cycled historically in accordance with changes in the Earth 's orbit , a phenomenon known as Milankovitch cycles . But the exponential rise in carbon dioxide levels since the Industrial Revolution is far out of the ordinary , experts say . The number 400 parts per million is symbolic of what many scientists believe to be the inevitable growth of this gas in our atmosphere , Shepherd said . Getting to this number was to be expected . "  It also is kind of a warning sign or red flag that hey , we really need to tackle this problem , " he said . "  It 's happening right before our eyes . " In about eight to 10 years , levels will not go under 400 parts per million , Butler said . And in terms of reaching new carbon dioxide highs , 450 will come even faster than than the change from 350 to 400 , given observed trends , Shepherd said . For comparison , the last time annual CO2 was 350 parts per million was in the 1980s . Butler likens the phenomenon to an electric blanket . When you turn the dial , it takes a little while to warm up . It 's as if humans have turned the dial on Earth 's blanket , and we 'll feel the heat only in a matter of time . "  Even if we stopped emitting CO2 , temperatures would still rise for at least a decade or two because the system has to catch up with it , " Butler said . Most carbon dioxide is in the Northern Hemisphere , because most people on the planet live in these parts , Butler said . In 2012 , monitoring stations in the Arctic measured 400 parts per million , but this is a new high at Mauna Loa . The global average will catch up in a year or two , he said . Since scientists began measuring at Mauna Loa in 1958 , the concentration of carbon dioxide has been increasing every year , NOAA said . The rate of this rise has been accelerating , from 0.7 ppm per year in the late 1950s to 2.1 ppm per year over the last decade . Before the 19th-century Industrial Revolution , the average carbon dioxide concentration worldwide was about 280 parts per million . Over the course of the past 800,000 years , says NOAA , these levels bounced between 180 and 280 parts per million . NOAA : Watch history of carbon dioxide levels You might be wondering how the planet could be warming if this past winter has been relatively cool . Shepherd explains that weather is akin to mood , but climate is analogous to personality . Weather changes a lot , but climate is something more fundamental , causing overall patterns . Study : Climate change may contribute to civil wars It may appear that , in the grand scheme of things , there 's not a lot of carbon dioxide in our atmosphere to begin with . The most abundant gas is nitrogen , at 78 % , followed by oxygen at 21 % . Having a tiny amount of carbon dioxide is essential for our survival ; without it , the planet would be too cold . Opinion : How to fight climate change But too much carbon dioxide , which leads to too much overall warming , is bad . While it 's impossible to say that any particular event was "  caused by global warming , " says Shepherd , climate change loads the deck , making extreme events such as last year 's Superstorm Sandy more likely . These storms also become more disastrous with rising sea levels . The sea level near New York City was about 10 inches higher in 2012 than in 1900 , Shepherd said . The Mauna Loa station is the oldest in the world to measure carbon dioxide . "  It 's an alarming marker that we 've passed , " Butler said . "  Mauna Loa , the iconic site for CO2 , has reached 400 for the first time over a day . That 's big . " More science and space news from CNN Light Years	Carbon dioxide levels have reached historic high at Hawaii observatory Carbon dioxide changes climate and drives acidification of the ocean , experts say Scientists expected this carbon dioxide level but say it 's a warning sign
April 13 , 1975 -- one of the darkest dates in Lebanese history . An attack on a busload of Palestinians in Beirut that day sparked a civil war that would rage for 15 years , leaving some 150,000 dead , the capital divided along sectarian lines and sections of the country in ruins . But ask students in the city today of the significance of the date , and you get mixed responses . "  I think it was a very important occasion for Lebanon , " says Noor El-Hoss , a student in West Beirut 's Al Iman School . "  But I do n't know what happened . " Explains fellow student Zeina Naous : "  We are studying about ... World War Two . We are not studying about the civil war , or what happened to Lebanon . " More than two decades after the end of the country 's civil war , generations of young Lebanese are growing up with little formal education about the conflict . Home to contesting political groups representing 18 religious communities , Lebanese society contains many deep divisions , and the country 's recent past is widely considered too contentious to examine in depth . To avoid inflaming old hostilities , Lebanese history textbooks stop in 1943 , the year the country gained independence . "  We have a vacant hole in our history books , " said independent scholar Dr. Maha Yahya , adding that this absence from the textbooks reflected society 's broader silence regarding the conflict . "  There 's been no discussion , no writing , " she added . "  It 's almost as if we wanted to apply to history the amnesty laws that we applied immediately after the civil war , and said ` Nobody is to blame , everybody is equally not responsible for what happened . ' " See also : Lebanon 's women prisoners find freedom behind bars The country 's Minister of Education , Hassan Diab , acknowledges it 's all about politics . "  After more than 20 years ... the teaching of history in Lebanon remains , as it has always been , subject to the interests of various political groups , " said Diab . Others caution that failing to teach younger generations a balanced view of their history could reinforce sectarian divisions . Yahya said that the absence of a comprehensive , authoritative history of the war left events of the period "  open for interpretation . " "  The children turn to their families and to their communities to learn very particular perspectives of this contemporary history , " she said . Yahya said that a survey of 3,000 Lebanese 14-year-olds conducted in 2007-8 found that the historical Lebanese figures children most strongly identified with were leaders from their own sectarian background . "  What we discovered throughout ... the questionnaire is that children tend to learn and directly absorb the values of their parents and their communities . Schools were not places where children went to learn about these things , " she said . "  I think this is in part playing a big role in the kind of sectarian division we 're seeing today . " See also : Sights and sounds of Beirut 's "  Little Armenia " Dr. Reina Sarkis , a psychoanalyst and history researcher , agreed . "  They only have the oral history that their parents told them , " she said . "  You grow up with deep divisions that become even deeper with time . There 's no sense of closure , there 's no coming to terms with your past . " The result , she said , was a heightened risk of communities becoming "  stuck in the cycle of violence . " In this regard , she said , Lebanon remained a society "  without closure . " "  This is the repetition ... that you get stuck in when you do n't do your homework , " she said.Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , and producer Schams Elwazer @SchamsCNN .	Lebanese civil war lasted 15 years , leaving 150,000 dead Young Lebanese growing up with little formal education about the conflict To avoid inflaming hostilities , Lebanese history textbooks stop in 1943 Teaching of history in Lebanon is "  subject to the interests of various political groups , " says minister of education
CNN  -- Join Roland Martin for his weekly sound-off segment on CNN.com Live at 11:10 a.m. Wednesday . If you 're passionate about politics , he wants to hear from you . Roland Martin says voting on Tuesday made sense when the day was set in 1845 , but a change is needed . Now that the political parties have informally settled on their nominees , the focus turns to November 4 , when the nation will go to the polls to choose a new president . But why is Election Day on a Tuesday ? Why in the world do we continue to insist on voting on a weekday when we are supposed to be encouraging as many people to vote as possible ? Most of the primaries and caucuses during the past four months took place on Tuesdays , but a number went to the polls on Saturdays . The Puerto Rico vote was on a Sunday . What 's better than going to church in the morning and then making your way to the voting booth ? Officially , Election Day is the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November  depending on the year , it could be November 2 through November 8  . Since 1845 , this has been the standard practice in the United States . Congress wanted a set date to elect a president and members of Congress , and because we were an agricultural society , this was the best day for farmers in rural America to get to the polls . That made a ton of sense . Then . But a lot has changed in the past 163 years , and it 's time Congress changed this unnecessary law . The purists are likely to argue that everyone knows that a Tuesday in early November is set aside for Election Day . So with that in mind , just leave the election in November . Sure , it would make better sense to go with a month during which it 's warm in nearly all of the USA , but the consistency argument also makes sense . But why not the first Saturday in November ? If that date were chosen , the majority of voters would n't have to worry about trying to vote before going to work , hoping and praying the lines are n't too long so they can zip in and zip out . The same thing happens in the evening . Folks have to hurry up and finish their work , interrupt meetings , and shut down whatever else they are doing and head to the polls . They are likely to confront long lines , and that discourages some folks from voting .  Now , I do n't have much sympathy on this one . We 'll stand in line for a concert or movie ; and that surely is n't as important as electing a president ! Saturday is already a day of leisure , and there is no doubt that more Americans would head to the polls on a traditional day off from work . Because of the excitement generated by this year 's campaign , you can bet there will be long lines at the polls , and if there are not enough ballots , we can expect all kinds of delays . Folks will grow frustrated , be afraid to show up to work late , and likely will leave and not come back . That 's just not good for democracy . This is one of those simple decisions that does n't require a ton of debate . I ca n't imagine there being major opposition to moving the election date . In 2004 , 71 percent of all eligible voters were registered , according to a story by the Carnegie Reporter , "  Election Reform : Lessons From 2004 . " But of that number , 60.7 percent voted . Someone is likely to say that with the number of people voting up in 2004 from the number in 2000 , that 's not bad . But when we see 90 percent of voters in Iraq voting -- and we are trying to instill democracy there ! -- it 's clear that impediments to voting in the United States are n't helpful . It would be nice to see the presidential nominees weigh in on this and pledge to change the election date . Let 's see a debate moderator ask this question . Instead of putting up barriers for people who want to vote , we should be the most open society when it comes to giving our citizens as many options as possible to vote , and moving Election Day from a weekday to a weekend makes a lot of sense . We ca n't speak of our cherished democracy around the world if we are n't willing to improve it every chance we get . Roland S. Martin is a nationally award-winning journalist and CNN contributor . Martin is studying to receive his master 's degree in Christian communications at Louisiana Baptist University . You can read more of his columns at http://www.rolandsmartin.com/ . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Roland Martin says Election Day should be changed to the weekend Weekday voting once made sense , but no longer , Martin says Goal should be to make it easy for as many people to vote as possible , he says Next president should work with Congress to make the switch , he says
CNN  -- It 's happening again . Moments after the jury in the "  loud music trial " returned with its verdict against Michael Dunn -- guilty on three counts of attempted murder and a mistrial on charges of murdering teenager Jordan Davis -- a rash of commentaries began popping up . Writers are now expressing the kind of trepidation and angst that would have us believe that black children are not safe because a white man is lurking around every corner , waiting to shoot down a young man minding his own business . One of the first to weigh in was The Atlantic 's Ta-Nehisi Coates , who equated Davis ' murder to the selling away of slave children , a daily occurrence in the antebellum South . "  Jordan Davis had a mother and a father . It did not save him , " Coates wrote . "  Trayvon Martin had a mother and a father . They could not save him . My son has a father and mother . We can not protect him from our country , which is our aegis and our assailant . We can not protect our children because racism in America is not merely a belief system but a heritage , and the inability of black parents to protect their children is an ancient tradition . " O'Mara : It 's not about ` stand your ground ' Does Coates really believe this ? More important , does he want his son to internalize this , like one child in a photo taken outside the Duval County Courthouse , holding over his face a sign reading "  I Could Be Next " with checked boxes next to the words "  loud music , " "  Skittles " and "  hoodies . " I 'm not sure if these public voices reflect or inspire the outrage , sadness and fear resounding among black people on social media and article comments . What I do know is that African-Americans ' fear that black boys are being hunted down at every turn by white men is just as toxic as the fear white people have of the black boogeyman . Such histrionics create an irrational , unproductive fear for those mainly interested in driving up news ratings , tilting elections and increasing donations to special interest groups . Indeed , John Roman , a senior fellow at the Urban Institute 's Justice Policy Center , found  PDF  that of the 53,019 homicides from 2005 through 2010 , white-on-black homicides accounted for only 3.9 % , while black-on-white homicides were 8.77 % . White-on-white and black-on-black homicides accounted for 44.14 % and 43.18 % , respectively . Still , this narrative has been in high drive since the public first learned how Trayvon Martin was killed by neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman . In the two years since , black parents have added "  beware white gunman " to the long list warnings they issue to their black sons . "  The talk " dates to 1863 , according to The Boston Globe 's James H. Burnett III . That year , the Emancipation Proclamation freed slaves who then had to figure out how to navigate a world of Southern whites still seething over the Civil War . Unlike the hyperbole of today , freedman warnings really were a matter of life and death . In "  A Festival of Violence : An Analysis of Southern Lynchings , 1882-1930 , " Stewart E. Tolnay and E.M. Beck documented 2,805 victims of lynch mobs killed in 10 Southern states . "  The scale of this carnage means that , on the average , a black man , woman , or child was murdered nearly once a week , every week , between 1882 and 1930 by a hate-driven white mob , " their report says . After Dunn mistrial , misgivings about Florida law From this most deadly period , the survival conversation evolved to meet the challenges of Jim Crow , the civil rights movement , the war on drugs and police profiling . Much of modern-day talk centers on the reality that store clerks , police and people generally do view black men with suspicion , says analyst Corey Dade . But the headline of his NPR essay "  Florida Teen 's Killing : A Parent 's Greatest Fear " is overwrought . So too was Jeannine Amber 's piece in Time magazine after Zimmerman 's acquittal . "  We may never know exactly what happened the night Zimmerman shot Martin , but black parents know this : A neighborhood-watch man saw a brown-skinned teenager -- a boy who could have been one of ours -- wearing a hoodie pulled up against the rain and assumed he was up to no good , " Amber wrote . "  That suspicion set into motion a chain of events that left the boy dead . How do we protect against that ? " We ca n't . What happened to Davis and Martin were freak incidents , not unlike a plane crash , rare disease or natural disaster . Starting the discussion with a presumption that such an event is a probability carries its own dangers . It presupposes white people -- men in particular -- have a pathology as great as the one put on black men : that they are violent beasts . We ca n't justify feeling imperiled by the idea that white men are gunning us down while rejecting sweeping generalizations regarding black men , some of whom are responsible for many of the murders in urban cities . These fears only work to further polarize our communities when we need to work together to alleviate the mistrust we have of one another . Instead , we must begin to peel away centuries of the conscious and subconscious uneasiness that allows white jurors to believe that a skinny kid can make a grown man fear for his life . Black parents have long balanced cautioning kids without having those concerns become full-blown paranoia . I fear we are losing this balance . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Yolanda Young .	Yolanda Young argues that reaction to the Michael Dunn verdict inaccurately blames race Young : Reaction creates irrational fear for those wanting to drive up news ratings Young calls the shootings of Jordan Davis and Trayvon Martin "  freak incidents "
CNN  -- If 2013 was an "  annus horribilis " for McLaren , then next year provides a double chance of redemption for the motorsport giant -- and Russia will play a key role . By the time Sochi hosts the country 's first Formula One race next October , McLaren bosses will know if the team has been able to bounce back from one of its worst seasons in more than two decades , with major technological changes required due to the sport 's new engine rules for 2014 . But well before then , the British manufacturer 's innovations will have been put to the test at the same seaside resort , as Russia hosts its first Winter Olympics . McLaren is working with the UK team -- specifically skeleton and bobsleigh -- via its applied technologies operation MAT in a bid to help improve GB 's medal chances in February . "  It 's similar work to what we did with the Summer Olympics , concentrating on sports with a greater chance of medals , " says MAT project manager Caroline Hargrove , who used to work for the McLaren F1 team and created the race simulator which drivers such as Jenson Button use away from grand prix weekends . For a team so synonymous with success -- 182 grand prix victories , eight constructors ' titles and 12 drivers ' championships -- this year has been an undoubtedly unwanted blot on McLaren 's copybook . Button and Sergio Perez -- who has since been replaced by rookie Kevin Magnussen -- were ninth and 11th respectively in the drivers ' standings , with the team a lowly fifth in the constructors ' table , more than 450 points behind dominant Red Bull . But McLaren has previous success at the Olympics , with Team GB winning 30 of its 65 medals at London 2012 in sports with which MAT was involved : canoeing , cycling , rowing and sailing . Half of those were gold . It is a model that clearly works -- MAT also worked with skeleton racer Amy Williams to a lesser degree on her path to Olympic skeleton success at the last Winter Games in Vancouver -- and there is a sense of excitement of another medal haul at Sochi . Brought in by the government-funded agency UK Sport , MAT will focus on the downhill sledding disciplines . "  What we 've done for the other sports , it 's more generic in that we 've done a little bit and still do a few programs with UK Sport , and we ran workshops recently with all the coaches for inspiration looking at other sports , " Hargrove told CNN . "  In our case , we showed the side of Formula One , and the equipment and technical side of it . " The work done by MAT varies from use of its dynamic chassis rig -- also known as the shaker rig -- which is used on the development of F1 cars and now skeletons and bobsleds to run the rule over their respective suspensions . Its technology is used to make both the equipment and the kit worn by British athletes , but also in data analysis and how the human body reacts to the skeleton and bobs in question . However , in order to keep an edge on rival teams , the specifics are kept closely guarded . There are also strict rules which restrain MAT 's area of operations . "  We do n't have enormous margins for imagination , " Hargrove says . "  They prescribe the type of steel and where rubber can be used -- and that 's hardly anywhere . But like in F1 , we are able to use attention to detail to make things as near to perfect and that we assemble things as well as we can . " The bobsleighs are being tested in France to measure the gains that have been made . "  We can see a tangible time difference that we have made with the bobsleigh , " Hargroves adds . "  Our measurements are by the millisecond . " The Olympic projects are relatively small scale compared to MAT 's other business strands , which span from pharmaceutical trials to working with the behemoths of oil and gas . A solitary MAT engineer is working fulltime on each of the skeleton and bobsleigh projects , even testing the equipment themselves on the ice at high speed -- true workplace immersion . At Sochi , MAT will be in direct competition with McLaren 's traditional F1 foe Ferrari , which has been working with the Italian Olympic team -- in particular with the bobsleigh . "  There 's definitely a little bit of rivalry with Ferrari in this , " says Hargrove . "  You always want competition , it helps to push you on . " For Hargrove , who was brought up in Montreal , Canada , with a love of winter sports , this project is a perfect fit . And she sees the love of sport as being a key ingredient to her team 's success . "  When I interview people for jobs , one of my questions is are they sports fans , " she says . "  Sports fans tend to be inherently competitive and that is good for this working environment . It also means if and when you employ them you can bear them in mind for future sporting projects . " For all MAT 's collective brainpower and tech nous , however , she acknowledges that there is only so much they can do for the competitors . "  It 's all about the athletes , " she points out . "  If an athlete gets injured , there is nothing the kit will do without the athlete . But we hope to support what we believe is very real potential for medals . "  It 's great working with people that are so driven , especially the coaches who do n't see much of the limelight . " UK Sport covers MAT 's expenses and time costs -- though otherwise the work is done on a non-profit basis -- and has given open access to its data . However , not all the athletes are 100 % compliant . Kristan Bromley , who runs his own skeleton-making business , is understandably loathe to share details of his intellectual property so he and his partner Shelley Rudman will be without MAT 's backing in terms of their equipment . "  That said , Kristan has still worked with us on other aspects , " adds Hargrove . In addition , there have been skeptics of what is , on the surface , an alternative approach to the Winter Olympics , and Hargrove relishes that . "  The thing is that we do n't have all the solutions , " she says . "  But by doing this it generally brings in more lateral thinking to the discussions . " Research from Infostrada has suggested that Great Britain is set for its most successful Winter Olympics , with a predicted five medals . Should that be the case , that will be in now small part down to MAT , and the world of F1 .	McLaren Applied Technologies working with GB team in quest for Sochi medals Major targets for MAT are in skeleton and bobsleigh with a crack unit of engineers MAT enjoyed success at London 2012 with canoeing , cycling , rowing and sailing Project leader helped create F1 simulator used by McLaren 's drivers
Amman , Jordan  CNN  -- The Arab Spring toppled regimes in power for decades within only months of each other . The region 's youth were hoping that the adage "  out with the old and in with the new " would translate into more opportunity . But on the streets of the region 's most populous city Cairo you hear despair . Here 's the view of a young , female college graduate who 's been stymied in her search for work and asked to remain anonymous . "  I was not thinking at all about leaving Egypt before the revolution . It is my country and I have to stay here . But now I can not see anything that is good . " She is not alone . The International Labor Organization  ILO  put youth unemployment at 28.3 % in 2012 and says it will not reverse course for the next 5 years . Despite a global economic recovery the ILO projects a rise to 30 % by 2018 . The Middle East and North Africa region is the unfortunate title holder of having the worst youth unemployment in the world . Deadly protests at the presidential palace in Cairo to finish out 2012 , the seizing of the foreign ministry in Tripoli by those who wanted to ban members of the Gaddafi regime to work in government and a murder of an opposition leader in Tunis illustrate that this post Arab Spring journey is fraught with deep potholes . Mohamed ElBaradei , the Egyptian Opposition Leader and Nobel Laureate said the unsettled nature in this post-Arab Spring environment is scaring off investment . "  We need to restore law and order and we need to jump-start the economy and we need to make sure that people are part of cohesive society and all this not there right now . " Despite prolonged negotiations with the International Monetary Fund on a near $ 5 billion loan , one of the largest mall developers in the region , Dubai based Majid Al Futtaim has stepped back into the country , with its sprawling development , the Mall of Egypt . It also has a deal pending for an Egyptian supermarket chain . But Chief Executive of the group , Iyad Malas , says the youth of the region are paying a heavy price for a lack of action for decades . "  There has been a chronic unemployment issue in our part of the world because of late reforms . But what has happened because of these delayed reforms there is more and more people coming into the labor market , therefore you see higher rates of youth unemployment . It is a time bomb if you like . " At the World Economic Forum in the Dead Sea last week , it was evident that momentum is building , albeit very late , on public private partnerships , micro financing for small businesses and calls for an Arab Stabilization Plan to fund major infrastructure projects . The panel I chaired "  A New Vision for Arab Employment " presented all those concrete ideas and fielded tough questions from the audience and youth outside the forum who were watching online . They were the most skeptical . In Saudi Arabia , holder of the world 's largest proven oil reserves , the youth jobless rate is right near the regional average , despite a half trillion dollar diversification package from King Abdullah . One of his corporate champions picked to drive change is Mohammed Al Mady , Chief Executive of SABIC , the petrochemical and steel manufacturer with $ 27 billion in annual revenues . "  The intention is very good , " admits Al Mady , "  The problem is execution . " Al Mady faced some heat when he admitted that he employs only 50 women in his Saudi operations of more than 20,000 workers . Equal rights remain not only a problem for those unemployed , but it also undermines productivity . Then there is the giant problem at the heart of the region that no one seems capable of solving . Syria . Its civil war has led to a flood of refugees -- over a half million in Jordan . This places additional strains on an economy with the youth unemployment just below 30 % . There remains an economically divided Middle East . On one side , the oil rich Gulf states like Saudi Arabia pump billions of dollars into diversification ; on the other are the oil importers which includes Egypt , Tunisia and Jordan . In his opening remarks this weekend , King Abdullah of Jordan said that "  double action " was needed to deal with the disgruntled youth and a potential doubling of refugees in his country . The IMF released a report calling the situation complex , with downside risks . "  The risks come from further prolonged political transition which could still hold back that investment , hold back that recovery because the private sector is waiting to see how things settle down , " said Masood Ahmed , Director of the Middle East & South Asia for the Fund . The IMF is projecting regional growth of just over 3 % , which looks decent by global standards but experts say it is about half of what is required to generate enough opportunity for those who are part of this unprecedented youth bulge .	Middle East and North Africa has world 's worst youth unemployment rates Unsettled environment post-Arab Spring is scaring off investment , says Mohamed El Baradei Uneven development between oil-rich states and oil importers King Abdullah of Jordan says ` double action ' needed to deal with refugees and jobless in his country
London  CNN  -- No British politician has ever aroused admiration and respect like Margaret Thatcher . But none has inspired the same level of fear and animosity . To her fans she was the Conservative warrior-queen who vanquished both the "  enemy within " -- the striking Yorkshire coal miners led by Arthur Scargill -- and the enemy without -- Gen. Galtieri 's Argentine force that invaded the Falkland Islands in 1982 . She was the country 's only female prime minister , and the first to win three general elections in a row . OBITUARY : Britain 's divisive "  Iron Lady " dead at 87 In Parliament , Thatcher brushed aside all dissenting voices , and for a decade from 1979 she was indomitable . While the left feuded over how best to fight her government 's right-wing policies of austerity , privatization and laws to curb the labor unions , the only opposition with any bite came from comedians , satirists and musicians , all of whom pilloried the "  Iron Lady " and her ministers with wit , flare and fury . The polarized society that Britain became was encapsulated by the song "  Ghost Town , " by ska revivalists The Specials , the haunting soundtrack of 1981 as riots erupted in London , Birmingham , Liverpool and Leeds . With a haunting melody , the song recounted how "  This town 's becoming like a ghost town / Government leaving the youth on the shelf . " The Coventry-based band 's songwriter Jerry Dammers said the No. 1 single was inspired by a loathing of Thatcher . "  That song was our political reflection on the situation in the 1980s , which was n't good , and that Thatcher 's own policies had helped create . "  I 'm proud to have put out songs opposed to her as she changed our country for the worse . Britain is no longer self-sufficient and we do n't pay our way in the world anymore . "  A lot of musicians were happy to put their opinions into song , for example us , Elvis Costello and The Beat , a trend that has n't happened since the time of Thatcher . " ROBIN OAKLEY : Many Britons never identified with Thatcher Many other memorable protest songs followed : Some , like "  Ghost Town " and The Jam 's "  Town Called Malice , " were directly political in voicing opposition to the austerity and mass unemployment of the era ; others articulated a deep visceral hatred of the woman herself , as in Elvis Costello 's "  Stamp the Dirt Down " or "  Margaret on the Guillotine " by Morrissey . One music writer said Thatcher inspired so many angry young songwriters because she appeared to go out of her way to stir up confrontation . "  She was such an oppositional figure , singling out certain enemies , for example the Argentine junta , unions , travelers , people on benefits , the left wing in general , " said Dorian Lynskey , author of "  33 Revolutions Per Minute : A History of Protest Songs . " "  She was unflinching and vicious in her attacks on them . There was a sense she was conducting a war on certain sections of society . She referred to the miners as ` the enemy within . ' This just was not the way politicians talk about their citizens .  Current UK Prime Minister  David Cameron does not do that ; Tories before Thatcher did not do that . That aspect enraged people because they felt she was treating them with rhetorical and political violence . That encouraged them to respond with their own violence . " WORLD REACTION : Kissinger calls Thatcher a "  great lady " The songs that spewed from this disgust at Thatcher 's policies and personality formed a strand of the decade 's best music , according to Lynskey , who says all the best music has been political in some way . "  If you look at a list of the greatest songs ever , many of these will be political . ` Strange Fruit , '  performed most famously by Billie Holiday  ` Ohio , '  Crosby , Stills , Nash and Young  ` For What It 's Worth , '  Buffalo Springfield  ` What 's Going On ,  Marvin Gaye  ` Born In the USA , '  Bruce Springsteen  ` Sign O ' the Times '  Prince  -- all were successful songs , but intensely political at the same time . " Thatcher was eventually deposed in 1990 by her fellow Conservatives in Parliament , not musicians , but that , according to Lynskey , misses the point of artistic expression : Just as Picasso 's "  Guernica , " portraying the 1937 bombing of a Spanish Basque town by German and Italian warplanes , did not end the Spanish Civil War , it was important in expressing outrage and making a political point . "  Art can make people angry , can inform or inspire them . It can make them feel they 're not alone . It can make them feel better when they 're low . " Thatcher made an impression on pop culture In other fields , a new era of fashion , film , TV programs , style magazines and nightclubs was also flowing out of the punk rebellion of the previous decade . "  There were just so many exciting things going on then , " Lynskey recalled . Whether any of this artistic explosion was directly due to the Thatcher effect is debatable -- especially in light of her reported aversion to the arts -- but one commentator for a left-leaning publication believes that her philosophy was certainly echoed in the youth culture of the day , whether the hip young gunslingers agreed with her divisive politics or not . "  The punks and their fellow-travellers had an anti-establishment , DIY , can-do attitude , " wrote Jason Cowley in the New Statesman . "  The feeling was one of fundamental discontinuity with the past . They shared with the Thatcherites an overwhelming desire to break from the established order , and to make it all new , as the modernists had . " The fashion world also joined the protests against the Conservative government 's policies . At one party in Downing Street in 1983 , Katherine Hamnett wore a T-shirt bearing the message : "  58 % do n't want Pershing "  referring to an opinion poll showing public opposition to the deployment of U.S. nuclear-capable missiles to the UK  . Hamnett recalls three decades later how fellow designer Jasper Conran tried to dissuade her from attending the official reception . "  He said , ` Why should we have a glass of wine with that murderess ? ' But I thought on impulse it was quite a good photo opportunity , so we knocked up a T-shirt that afternoon and I wore it to the party . Opinion : Why Britain needs another Thatcher "  Thatcher was n't very happy and was quite rude . She told me : ` We do n't have Pershing here , we have cruise  missiles  . I think you 've got the wrong party . ' I thought this was rather rude because she invited me in the first place . I stayed at the party though ! " Hamnett agrees that the arts did blossom during that era , but believes it had little to do with the "  destructive " politician herself . "  She was appalling , " said Hamnett . "  She did nothing for the arts . Thatcher used to design her own frumpy clothes . I do n't know if she would have made a better fashion designer than a prime minister , but it would n't have been hard . "  We did well in the '80s . We produced some of the best designers in the world , because of our clothing culture and the fact we 're more liberal with our children . They can go to school in ` Red Indian ' outfits if they want . We did produce good designers , regardless of Thatcher . " Humor was another field that boomed in direct response to Thatcher . So-called "  alternative comedians " on TV and in clubs took a sharp left turn away from the routines of their more reactionary predecessors , with many of the newcomers poking fun at the po-faced prime minister . The most biting of all was "  Spitting Image , " a satirical puppet show broadcast on Sunday evenings on ITV from 1984 until 1996 that pilloried public figures , especially Thatcher , whom the program often portrayed as an insane megalomaniac . Roger Law , who with Peter Fluck designed the caricature puppets for the show , said the purpose of the show was to lance a bubble every week , and to educate Britons about what the government was doing in their name . "  Thatcher was one of the main reasons we did ` Spitting Image ' -- I knew why I was doing it and I would have killed my mother to have done it , " he said . "  I knew what she was about and what she intended to do , things such as the mindless thuggery of the Falklands war . " Law , who now divides his time between Australia and China , said he and his colleagues tried various ways to portray the PM . "  The puppets were just heightened versions of reality , so there were three Thatchers : one that talked to you as if your dog had died ; one that shouted at you and a foaming-at-the-mouth one . There never really was a smiley Thatcher . What would be the point ? " In one famous scene set in a restaurant , a waiter asks Thatcher , who is treating her ministers to a meal , what she would like to eat : "  Steak , raw please , " comes the reply . "  And what about the vegetables ? " asks the waiter . "  Oh , they 'll have the same as me . " The scene mocks Thatcher 's Cabinet colleagues as being weak and ineffectual , and while Law admits he was worried about glorifying Thatcher , he said he tried to be fair to both sides . "  We dished out the same stick to everybody , including  opposition leader Neil  Kinnock , but at least we tried to get it right . " Thatcher left Britain in a worse situation than before she came to power , Law believes . "  I believe she had a strong effect on what happened here . She threw a lot of people to the dogs and you 're seeing now what she actually did . I 'm still angry about that now . "  When you think of how our parents worked , when you could go to the doctor without thinking about the money . People like myself got half an education . I went to art school from a working class background without qualifications simply because I had some talent . Try doing that now . All of that has gone , and you know that was her aim . It 's what she wanted . "  I do n't have any answers like lots of other critics . But take a look around you . The people who came after inherited the mantle of Thatcher : her heirs ... the bitch she left behind was Tony Blair ... and now we have a huge underclass . Give up on consensus politics , and the notion of educating everybody properly . F**k 'em , basically . "	Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher is dead at 87 , spokeswoman says Known as the "  Iron Lady , " Thatcher 's policies divided Britain during the 1980s Lynskey : Some of decade 's best music was in response to Thatcher policies Designer Katherine Hamnett on Thatcher : "  She was appalling ... she did nothing for the arts . "
CNN  -- A 54-year-old man accused of fathering seven children with his daughter was arrested this week in Pinheiro , Brazil , police said , according to CNN affiliate Record TV . Jose Agostinho Bispo Pereira was arrested after complaints that he sexually abused his daughter , whom he kept captive , said police chief Adriana Meireles said . According to police , Pereira had sex with his daughter since she was 12 years old . Now 29 , the daughter has seven children from her father . "  It is a crime . I know that it is a crime , " Pereira told Record TV . "  But she was committing the crime as well , was n't she ? Then , I had to do it . " "  A farmer only does things because the other consents , because if the other does n't consent , the person does n't do  it  , " he added . Police are now investigating whether Pereira also sexually abused a 2-year-old granddaughter or his other children . "  The authorities are going to request physical exams for the two daughters that Pereira had with his daughter , ages eight and six years old , " Meireles told Record TV . "  The 8-year-old has already confessed to police that Pereira was touching her , and we are going to corroborate with exams . " The seven children range in age from two months old to 12 years . They were found in poor condition , dirty and with no shoes or clothes , inside the house he shared with his daughter , police said . The children were moved to the custody of child services in Pinheiro , Record TV reported .	Jose Agostinho Bispo Pereira accused of sexually abusing his daughter He was arrested Tuesday in Pinheiro , Brazil Pereira fathered 7 children with his daughter Police investigating whether he abused others
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Animal rights campaigners were holding a meeting Tuesday with Britain 's Ministry of Defence to argue against the use of bearskin in the iconic furry headgear worn by royal guards at Buckingham Palace . A PETA activist in Sofia , Bulgaria earlier this year protests against UK troops wearing bearskin hats . Robbie LeBlanc , European director for People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals  PETA  , was meeting with Ann Taylor , the minister for defense equipment and support , the defense ministry said . "  We are hoping that they will switch to a humane synthetic alternative , " a PETA spokeswoman said . PETA has been campaigning for years against the use of bearskin in the headgear , a familiar symbol of London worn by the guards who keep watch over royal buildings like Buckingham Palace and Windsor Castle . The hats are part of the footguards ' ceremonial dress , along with the bright red jackets . PETA says the bears used to produce the fur hats are killed cruelly and unnecessarily . "  It 's an absolute moral disgrace , " said Mike Hancock , a British lawmaker who has joined PETA 's campaign against the bearskins . "  I do n't think the British public or tourists will mind if it 's synthetic fur , and I 'm absolutely amazed in this day and age that we see beautiful animals skinned and killed " to produce the hats . A spokesman for the National Army Museum in London , Julian Farrance , said the fur comes only from Canadian bears that have died naturally , and that no bears are killed for the hats . Campaigners say they still want the defense ministry to use a different material . "  It still promotes the usage of animal fur in areas where it 's totally unnecessary , in my view , for fur to be used , " said Glenda Jackson , another British lawmaker opposed to the use of the fur . The British Army 's use of the bearskin hats dates back to the Battle of Waterloo on in 1815 , when Wellington 's army defeated the French Imperial Guard in a victory that marked Napoleon 's downfall . The British soldiers captured the headgear from the defeated Imperial Guardsmen and have worn them ever since , although today the hats are only worn for ceremonial duties . Those British soldiers were renamed the Grenadier Guards to honor their defeat of the Grenadiers of the French Imperial Guards . The Grenadiers are now among five bearskin-wearing regiments that guard British royal buildings . But each bearskin hat is heavy and can prove very hot for the wearer . "  There have been occasions where soldiers have suffered from heatstroke , because obviously wearing that much fur on your head ... can get quite warm , " Farrance said .	Animal rights campaigners oppose UK royal guards wearing furry headgear Scheduled to stage meeting with defense ministry in London Tuesday Iconic headgear has been worn since the battle of Waterloo in 1815 Army expert : Fur comes only from Canadian bears that have died naturally
CNN  -- Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova crashed out and Maria Sharapova survived an almighty scare on the opening day of the U.S. Open Monday . Kvitova , who beat Sharapova in the final at Wimbledon , exited to Romanian Alexandra Dulgheru in straight sets , 7-6 6-3 . Sharapova , second favorite behind Serena Williams to win the final grand slam of the season , flirted with defeat before seeing off British teenager Heather Watson , 3-6 7-5 6-3 . 19-year-old Watson led by a set and a break before Sharapova fought back to force a decider . An early break gave the Russian third seed the cushion to wrap up victory , but it was hardly a convincing performance . Kvitova had been set to open on the main Arthur Ashe stadium court , but organizers switched her to the smaller Louis Armstrong court as they made changes to the schedule after Tropical Storm Irene blew through New York over the weekend . 49th-ranked Dulgheru never looked back after taking the first set tiebreaker 7-3 and broke her Czech opponent to lead 5-3 in the second set before serving out for victory to love . Kvitova is the first reigning Wimbledon champion to lose in the first round of the U.S. Open in the Open era . By contrast , second seed Vera Zvonareva of Russia enjoyed an easy passage to the second round as she beat Stephanie Foretz Gacon of France , 6-3 6-0 . Two-time champion Venus Williams , who is not seeded this year , opened her campaign in the night session at Flushing Meadows with a 6-4 6-3 win over Vesna Dolonts of Russia .	Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova goes out in first round of U.S. Open Czech is beaten in straight sets by Romania 's Alexandra Dulgheru Maria Sharapova taken to three sets by Britain 's Heather Watson
In 1974 , Charles Koch started the Charles Koch Foundation . In 1976 , the foundation was renamed Cato Institute , with Koch as one of the co-founders . His vision was to build a nonpartisan organization that would advance ideas that enable all people to prosper by promoting liberty , limited government , free markets and peace . That vision has remained a constant since the beginning . I currently serve on the board of Cato , and have worked with libertarian organizations for more than 20 years , including Mercatus Center and the Institute for Humane Studies . I have worked closely with Charles Koch and his brother David on numerous libertarian endeavors . In each instance , these two men have consistently championed libertarian principles , even in the face of unfair and inaccurate criticism . Robert Levy , Cato 's current chairman , would have you believe otherwise . According to his April 2 op-ed , Charles and David Koch seek to turn Cato into a "  policy shop for the Kochs ' political operations . " This is patently false . David , who has been a director of Cato since 1987 and serves on its executive committee , and Charles have consistently supported a nonpartisan Cato . In 1980 , Charles brought a resolution before the Cato board confirming that Cato should be nonpartisan . Together , they have contributed approximately $ 40 million to the institute . Cato 's independence has never been in question in the 37 years the Kochs have been involved with the organization , and there is nothing real to suggest it will be an issue going forward . In bringing up previous conversations that he had with David Koch , Levy is distorting the record in order to support his position . I attended the November 2011 meeting where Levy spoke with David . Subsequent conversations with Levy confirmed that the Kochs have never proposed that Cato cooperate with only one group , or work exclusively with Koch-affiliated groups or groups affiliated with one political party . David reiterated this point publicly in a statement on March 22 . Levy wrote that the Kochs seek to "  get  their  way " or "  take control " of Cato . This is misleading . Ed Crane , who is the president of Cato , wants to maintain control of the institute by circumventing Cato 's shareholders ' agreement . All that the Kochs seek is for the parties to Cato 's shareholders ' agreement  which has been in place since 1985  to be bound by that agreement . Crane and Levy do not want this because , with the recent death of one of Cato 's shareholders , they are concerned that they will lose control of Cato . We should ask why self-professed libertarians would seek to abrogate voluntary agreements -- a key tenet of libertarian thought . Crane and Levy have talked about seeking a board of independent directors , but every action by them suggests they want the opposite -- a board that is responsive to and dependent upon them , as well as donors they view as acceptable . When I was unanimously elected to the Cato board in 2010 , I was excited about the prospect of working with an organization of Cato 's reputation . I had also previously been offered a job by Crane in 2002 . I expected an organization where people would be free to engage in constructive debates -- where differing points of view would be acknowledged and respected . What I found was something very different . What is most upsetting is that all of this public battle could have been avoided . Charles and David Koch were willing to keep the 2011 Cato board in place without making any changes , but Crane and Levy demanded an immediate vote on directors . The Kochs have also proposed third-party mediation , but Crane and Levy refused that as well , calling mediation a delay tactic . It is Crane and Levy 's concern about their control of Cato , rather than concern for the good of the organization , that is driving the dispute . Cato is losing its voice and focus , at a time when the debate over the role of the government in our society is more needed than ever . If Cato 's board members truly care about the institute 's future , they should demand that Crane and Levy stop this scorched-earth public relations fight , which is weakening the organization and harming its reputation , and force immediate negotiations . Just last week , Charles Koch again proposed that the parties choose a third-party mediator in hopes of reaching an agreement . Cato 's management continues to refuse it . They show no desire to end this state of affairs short of capitulation to Crane and Levy 's demands . If Cato is truly to become independent , then it needs to become independent from all of its shareholders -- first and foremost , Crane .	Kevin Gentry : Charles Koch has consistently championed libertarian ideas Gentry : Cato Chairman Robert Levy would have you believe otherwise He says the Koch brothers support independence for Cato and have given it $ 40 million Gentry : If Levy does n't stop dispute , Cato will weaken and lose its reputation
CNN  -- In the wake of a multi-state outbreak of listeriosis linked to bacteria-tainted cantaloupe , authorities assured the public that cantaloupe grown in places other than Colorado 's Jensen Farms is safe . But if in doubt about a fruit 's origin , they said , it 's best to throw it out . The outbreak -- blamed on the bacteria Listeria monocytogenes -- was first reported September 12 . As of Wednesday , it had grown to 72 cases in 18 states and had killed 13 people , officials with the Centers for Disease Control said . The number of cases is expected to rise , as it can take one to three weeks for a person who ingests the bacteria to show symptoms . All of the tainted cantaloupes were grown at Jensen Farms in Granada , Colorado , although they were shipped to 17 states -- Illinois , Wyoming , Tennessee , Utah , Texas , Colorado , Minnesota , Kansas , New Mexico , North Carolina , Missouri , Nebraska , Oklahoma , Arizona , New Jersey , New York and Pennsylvania . "  It 's important to know that if you know the cantaloupe that you have is not Jensen Farms , then it 's OK to eat , " CDC Director Tom Frieden told reporters during a conference call Wednesday . "  But if you 're in doubt , then throw it out . " The recalled cantaloupes may bear a green-and-white sticker that says , "  Product of USA-Frontera Produce-Colorado Fresh-Rocky Ford-Cantaloupe , " or a gray , yellow and green sticker that says , "  Jensen Farms-Sweet Rocky Fords . " But not all cantaloupes may have a sticker , Frieden said . Consumers are urged to ask the supermarket or supplier if they know where the cantaloupes came from . If the cantaloupe 's origins remain unconfirmed , it should be disposed of , he said . However , the likelihood of tainted cantaloupes in the nation 's food supply is decreasing , thanks to the fruit 's short shelf life -- about two weeks , officials said . The recalled cantaloupes were shipped from July 29 through September 10 , "  so we really are nearing the end of the shelf life of the product in addition to its recalled product , " Sherri McGarry , a senior adviser with the Food and Drug Administration  FDA  , told reporters . The recall itself should be removing the cantaloupes from shelves , she said , but the shelf life means the tainted cantaloupes will not be edible much longer . "  But consumers do have their own practices so we need to be cognizant some folks may hold that a little bit longer than we might expect , " she said . If consumers do have a cantaloupe from Jensen Farms , authorities recommend they do n't try to wash off the bacteria . "  We want you to throw that product away , " McGarry said . The fruits should be disposed of in a closed plastic bag and placed in a sealed trash can , to prevent people or animals from eating them , the CDC said . Refrigeration will not kill the Listeria bacteria , which can grow even at low temperatures , officials said . And the longer a contaminated food is stored in the refrigerator , the more opportunity the bacteria has to grow . "  It is very important that consumers clean their refrigerators and other food preparation surfaces " in order to minimize risk , the FDA says on its website . After washing refrigerators , cutting boards and countertops , the agency recommends sanitizing them with a solution of one tablespoon chlorine bleach per gallon of hot water and drying them with a paper towel or cloth that has not been previously used . Jensen Farms has now ended its cantaloupe harvest for the season , so no new contaminated fruit will be entering the market , FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg said Wednesday . Although Jensen Farms does produce other products , there is no concern for any other product from the company , McGarry said . Listeriosis causes fever , muscle aches , diarrhea and other gastrointestinal symptoms . It rarely is a serious concern for healthy children and adults , the CDC said , but can be dangerous for older adults or those with weakened immune systems . It can be treated with antibiotics . The source of the outbreak -- the deadliest U.S. outbreak of a food-borne illness since 1998 -- remained under investigation . Officials could not give a figure Wednesday for the number of cantaloupes recalled .	Health officials say the only contaminated fruit is from Jensen Farms If consumers do n't know where a melon came from , they can ask the store If there is any doubt about a cantaloupe 's origin , it should be thrown out , officials say Consumers should not try to wash off the bacteria
CNN  -- The first day of China 's autumn holiday came to a snarling halt for motorists . Chinese officials estimate more than 85 million travelers hit the road Sunday , the first day of an eight-day holiday week , according to China 's state-run media . Many drivers were trying to take advantage of a new policy that waives the toll on expressways during holidays , according to Xinhua . This could 've helped boost road traffic by 13 % compared with last year 's holiday , reported the news agency . Sunday was the official start of the Mid-Autumn Festival , an eight-day stretch of lunar festivities celebrated with family gatherings , meals and mooncakes , a traditional dessert . Chinese officials estimate there will be 740 million trips throughout the holiday . Fueled by an increase of cars , motorists encountered long delays , as well as traffic accidents , including a collision of a tour bus on the Beijing-Tianjin highway that killed five Germans and one Chinese person Monday morning , as reported by Xinhua . Photos showed stretches of parked cars dotting roadways and motorists standing outside their cars . Trails of cars extended as much as six miles to a toll gate , according to CCTV , the state-owned broadcaster . Motorists told the Chinese television station that they were only able to drive about 18 to 24 miles per hour in traffic . The topic "  held up on the highway " on Sina Weibo , China 's most popular microblogging site , generated over 77 million posts . While stuck in gridlock Sunday , some people got creative by walking their dogs , doing push-ups and playing impromptu games of roadside tennis , according to photos compiled by Tea Leaf Nation , a blog that focuses on China . Li Daokui , the director of the Center for China in the World Economy at the Tsinghua University School of Economics and Management , questioned the wisdom of no tolls on holidays . "  Highway toll free on holidays ? We are making a world record of stupidity by launching this policy . To price is a social coordination mechanism and going free of charge is like a shout-out to the public : ' 1,2,3 , let 's go jam the road ! ' " he posted on weibo . The traffic is not likely to ease around Beijing Monday , as almost all highway exits around the Chinese capital are expected to be jammed until midnight , according to the Beijing News . Congestion has become a common problem in China . In 2010 , a traffic jam stretched more than 62 miles on the National Expressway 110 , during construction work of another road that ran parallel . Drivers were forced to sit in what turned into a parking lot and fumed over price gouging by nearby food vendors . That traffic jam lasted over a week . But holiday traveling may not be easier on public transportation , reported Xinhua . Authorities are expecting over 75 million rail passengers over the holidays , with most routes already sold out . Photos showed crowded rail stations stuffed with passengers and suitcases lining the platforms .	Chinese roadways were jammed Sunday with 85 million travelers Boost of traffic attributed to toll-free expressways on holidays Chinese authorities anticipate 740 million trips over 8-day holiday
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho 's bust-up with a Barcelona coach has cost the Real Madrid boss a two-match ban which will not affect his pitch-side attendance in La Liga this season . The 48-year-old was punished after being seen jabbing a finger into the eye of Barcelona assistant Tito Vilanova at the end of the second leg Spanish Super Cup in August . Vilanova was suspended for one match for slapping the Portuguese in retaliation , with both men also fined 600 euros  $ 800  . However , the suspensions apply only to the pre-season Super Cup played between the league champions and Copa del Rey winners , and not other domestic matches . Barca 's website noted on Wednesday that the Spanish Football federation 's ruling indicated "  the absence of injury or lack of conclusive evidence on the intention to do harm by Mr. Mourinho . " The August 17 match had erupted in ugly scenes in a repeat of last season 's enmity between the two teams , with Barca winning 3-2 for a 5-4 aggregate success . Marcelo was sent off for a bad tackle on Barca 's new signing Cesc Fabregas , whose teammate David Villa was red-carded along with Real 's Mesut Ozil when both returned to the pitch from the substitutes ' bench . Last season , Mourinho was given a European touchline ban for incidents in the tempestuous Champions League semifinal ties between the two teams . Real lost 3-1 on aggregate and Barca went on to claim the title for the fourth time .	Real Madrid coach handed two-match ban for future Spanish Super Cup matches Jose Mourinho was seen to jab his finger in the eye of Barcelona assistant Tito Vilanova was also suspended for one Super Cup match for his retaliation Pre-season match between Spanish rivals at Camp Nou erupted into ugly scenes
Washington  CNN  -- Using firsthand accounts of coping with the threat of radioactive contamination , several Japanese citizens who lived near the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant hope to convince U.S. officials that nuclear energy poses an unacceptable risk . Three operating reactors at the Fukushima facility suffered meltdowns in March from a combination of earthquake , tsunami and equipment failure that led to radiation leakage and widespread contamination . "  I come from Fukushima , " said Sachiko Sato , a farmer , who traveled with two of her children to Washington . "  Radiation affects this absolutely unchanged scenery , but it 's still very much there . " Her English was n't perfect , but her fears came through clearly at a news conference Tuesday as she suggested that the Japanese government arbitrarily raised contamination standards to limit the payment of relocation money . Sato 's farm is in an area that no longer qualifies for assistance under relaxed measurements . She asked rhetorically , "  Did they think the ability of people to sustain radiation became better after the accident ? " Two of her children , both teenagers , told of being frightened that they were exposed to radiation that could cause health problems in years to come . Yukiko Anzai , an organic farmer whose bees produce honey as an agricultural commodity , said she and her husband may have to abandon farming because they do n't know how radiation will affect their bees . She told reporters , "  We have been farming for the happiness and health of the people , farming the way we did . Now we are really struggling . It is very difficult for us . " The two women are part of a group that includes activists who oppose Japan 's reliance on nuclear energy and want to use the Fukushima disaster to curtail the use of atomic power . They met with U.S. congressional staff members Monday , and on Tuesday afternoon , they met with commissioners and staff members of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission . Japan is already at minimum reliance on atomic energy because of routine maintenance and scheduled shutdowns . Activists want to keep the plants closed . "  There are 11 still operating and 43 shut temporarily , " said Aileen Mioko Smith of Japan 's Green Action . "  They 're gradually being turned off " for maintenance , she explained , "  so unless they start up again , none will be operating by March 2012 . " She acknowledged that Japan 's government has every intention of restarting the nuclear plants . But Smith and the Japanese families potentially exposed to the fallout from Fukushima say they 're encouraged by the German government 's decision after Japan 's accident to discontinue atomic power plants over the next decade . The United States and other Western countries continue to envision a role for nuclear energy with a review of safeguards . Japan 's activists believe there is no safe path that includes nuclear energy . Kaori Izumi , who is fighting the restart of Japan 's atomic power plants once they close for maintenance , told reporters , "  There is immense suffering in Fukushima , including Mrs. Sato and other families . The only way their suffering gets meaning is that we learn from this lesson . " Citing the well-known nuclear disasters of the past 30 years -- Pennsylvania 's Three Mile Island , the Chernobyl plant in Ukraine and now Japan 's Fukushima meltdown -- she said , "  Can we afford not to learn ? I do n't think so . "	Farm families near failed nuclear plant call for full moratoriam Group meets with congressional , nuclear agency staff members Citizens critical of Japan 's suspect standards for radiation contamination
CNN  -- Violence rocked two major Iraqi cities Wednesday , including Baghdad , where a car bombing near a wedding party and two other bombings killed at least 20 people , police said . In Mosul , a Sunni activist known to demonstrate against Iraq 's Shiite-led government was assassinated , one of 10 people killed or found dead from acts of violence Wednesday in the northern Iraqi city , Mosul police officials said . The slayings come amid an uptick of political and sectarian violence across Iraq , where more than 350 people died in acts of violence in May , according to a CNN tally . And Wednesday 's attacks come on what is becoming an especially deadly week in the country -- at least 110 people have been killed since Monday . In Baghdad , two car bombs and a roadside bomb exploded in separate Sunni neighborhoods in Baghdad within 30 minutes of each other Wednesday evening , police in the Iraqi capital said . One of the car bombs detonated near a wedding party in al-Diwan , a neighborhood in southwestern Baghdad , killing at least 16 people and wounding 42 others , according to police . It was n't clear whether the wedding party involved Sunnis or Shiites . The other car bomb exploded in a market in the al-Gazaliya neighborhood in western Baghdad , killing four people and wounding 17 others , police said . And in the al-Khadraa neighborhood in western Baghdad , a roadside bomb wounded six people , police said . Meanwhile , Wednesday 's killings in Mosul -- about 430 kilometers  265 miles  north of Baghdad -- were another sign of a shaky security situation in Nineveh , the province where Mosul is located and one of three Iraqi provinces that postponed April 's provincial council elections until July because of violence . Gunmen fatally shot Sunni activist Sheikh Hassan al-Jabouri with pistols equipped with silencers in central Mosul , a predominantly Sunni city , police said . No suspects have been announced . Al-Jabouri was active in demonstrations demanding that the Shiite-led government stop what protesters call second-class treatment of Iraq 's Sunni community . Since December , tens of thousands of such demonstrators have taken to the streets across Iraq . Sunni Arabs had more political clout in Iraq during Saddam Hussein 's rule , until his government was deposed in 2003 after the U.S.-led invasion . Under the Shiite-led government in the post-Saddam era , Sunnis have felt marginalized . About two-thirds of Iraq 's nearly 32 million people are Shiite and roughly a third are Sunni , according to the CIA World Factbook . Also Wednesday , a suicide attacker detonated a car bomb at a police station in southern Mosul , killing two people and wounding seven others , police said . And the bodies of three people who appeared to have been tortured and hanged were recovered from the Tigris River and sent to the Mosul morgue , police said . The hanging victims appeared to have died Wednesday morning , police said . They have not been identified . Also , Iraqi federal police killed four people in clashes with unspecified gunmen in eastern Mosul , police officials in the city said . The clashes happened after people reported suspicious activity in a building . When police arrived , gunmen emerged and attacked them , the Mosul police officials said . In other violence Wednesday , mortar rounds landed on offices of the Nineveh provincial council in central Mosul , wounding six people , according to police . Wednesday 's bloodshed comes amid an increase of violence across Iraq , much of it stemming from discord between Sunni and Shiite Muslims . On Tuesday , at least 23 people were killed and more than 80 others were wounded in three explosions and three shooting incidents in Baghdad and Mosul , police officials said . On Monday , at least 57 people were killed and 190 wounded in a wave of attacks in Baghdad and other cities , police said . READ MORE : Iraq at crossroads as bombs explode READ MORE : April the deadliest month in Iraq in 5 years	NEW : Four bombings kill at least 20 in Baghdad on Wednesday , 16 of them at wedding party 10 also killed in Mosul , including activist shot to death , two killed by car bomb Three bodies , apparently tortured and hanged , recovered from Tigris River in Mosul More than 350 people killed in Iraq in May as Sunni-Shiite discord rises
St. Paul , Minnesota  CNN  -- Seventeen-year-old Claire Thomas has found the silver lining in Minnesota 's government shutdown : she gets to spend more time with her two mothers on her summer vacation . Toby McAdams and her partner , Wendy Crowell , were both included in the mass layoff that left more than 20,000 state workers jobless . "  It 's actually a little bit nice to have my mothers home for a teency bit , " said the soon-to-be high school senior . "  But if it 's  going to last  months , I ca n't imagine . I mean already my mom is wandering around a little lost , because she wants to work . ... Both of my moms ' jobs are so important to them . " McAdams , 43 , has worked for the state for 17 years , currently in the office of emergency preparedness , and Crowell , 50 , studies invasive species for the Department of Natural Resources . Both their jobs were deemed "  nonessential " by the state , thus they 've been laid off . They 'll receive benefits but no pay , and there 's no guarantee they will keep their jobs when all is said and done . Coming spending cuts could be significant when or if a new state budget is finally agreed upon . Democratic Gov. Mark Dayton offered a budget proposal that included a mix of spending cuts and tax increases to offset the state 's $ 5 billion budget gap , but Republicans in control of the legislature have thus far refused to budge on any plan that includes a tax increase . The Minneapolis Star Tribune reported this week that 138 legislators are still collecting paychecks during the shutdown , while 62 have declined to accept the checks . iReporter : "  I 'm not sure I can wait for my job to come back to me . " That news certainly does n't make McAdams ' and Crowell 's layoffs any easier to swallow . "  It 's hard . I miss my job , and I miss doing the work that I know is so important for Minnesota , " McAdams said . The couple worry that , should this continue very long , they 'll have to tap into a college savings fund they set up for Claire and her younger brother , Adam . "  I 'm counting on our family to have a safety net if something bad happens , " Claire said , just minutes after a brief discussion with her parents over lunch regarding the varying costs of her top college choices . The family has also had discussions on how to cut back with everyday trips to the grocery store . Claire , who also works part time at a nearby farm , has an affinity for "  fancy " food , which is organic and chemical-free . Doing the family 's shopping will be tougher . "  I would have to compromise my values a little bit ... I would buy cheaper things , buy cheaper milk , " she said . "  But I work at a farm  so  I can use the surplus there , and it helps that we have a garden . " Aside from the financial effects , McAdams and Crowell worry what a lack of government services -- and thousands of employees -- will do to the state long-term . "  Things are going to get worse , and we are n't going to be able to do anything about it . So it 's going to be painful to watch , " McAdams said . "  Minnesota wo n't be such a nice place to live after a while . " "  We have legislators . And their job is to work out a budget for us , " she added . "  I 'd like to see them do it . "	Government shutdown results in dual layoffs for St. Paul , Minnesota , family Democrats , Republicans at odds on how to pay for state budget gap Both parents ' jobs were deemed "  nonessential " by the state They fear they 'll have to dip into kids ' college savings to survive
Washington  CNN  -- A beloved giant panda will leave for China early next year to the disappointment of millions of fans in the United States . Washington 's National Zoo will say goodbye to 4-year-old Tai Shan as he makes his way to a breeding base in southwestern China . He 'll leave during the first quarter of 2010 , according to the zoo and Chinese state-run media . Tai Shan -- on loan from China -- was born at the National Zoo to pandas that also are borrowed from China . His father , 11-year-old Tian Tian , and his mother , 10-year-old Mei Xiang , are due in China in December 2010 , according to the Xinhua news agency . "  While we 're proud to send off a healthy panda to be part of China 's breeding program , we will indeed miss him dearly , " the National Zoo 's Web site said of Tai Shan . He has more growing to do , however . "  Although Tai Shan has the build of a grownup male panda , we still have to wait for about two years before it is sexually mature , " said Li Desheng , deputy director of the management office of the Wolong National Natural Reserve in Sichuan province , according to Xinhua . Tai Shan will never be released into the wild , but there is the hope that his offspring could be , the National Zoo said . "  Since we partnered with them 10 years ago , the Chinese have more than doubled their cub production , which means they 're about to reach the significant goal of having 300 pandas in captivity , " the zoo said on its Web site . "  By reaching the target of 300 pandas , collectively we will ensure that the giant panda in captivity is demographically and genetically secure . It will be a huge conservation achievement . " The United States has 13 pandas on loan from China , according to Xinhua . The three in Washington and one each in Atlanta , Georgia , and San Diego , California , are due to return to China next year . Though Tai Shan has lived in Washington , his fans have followed him online for years , via the National Zoo 's Pandacam . They 've oohed and aahed as he 's frolicked , had milestone exams and grown -- from less than 2 pounds at birth to more than 200 pounds at his peak weight .	Washington 's National Zoo will lose panda in 2010 Tai Shan was born to pandas who were also on loan from China Tai Shan is being sent to a breeding base in southwest China China nearing goal of having 300 pandas in captivity
Banda Aceh , Indonesia  CNN  -- Ten years ago , a towering wall of water engulfed cities across the Indian Ocean , ravaging communities as far afield as Thailand , Indonesia , Somalia and Madagascar . The 2004 tsunami was sparked by a massive , 9.1 magnitude earthquake which struck off the western coast of northern Sumatra , Indonesia , on Boxing Day . Aceh , Indonesia , located at the northern tip of Sumatra , bore the brunt of the tsunami , with an estimated 130,700 killed , 565,384 internally displaced while 199,766 houses were destroyed or damaged . Plan International , a children 's rights organization was one of the first organizations to provide humanitarian aid to the city . Lamnga Elementary School , in Aceh , was reduced to a crumbled shell after the four-meter-high wave roared inland . How did school principal , Muhammad Saleh , struggling to cope with the loss of two daughters -- and nearly half his students - find the strength to rebuild a devastated school ? Reliving the tsunami It was early Sunday morning , when the now 54-year-old school principal was making breakfast for his wife and three daughters . The ground started to shake beneath their feet , and they realized that it was n't like any other earthquake . Panicked , they ran -- Muhammad with his four-year-old daughter cradled in his arms , while his two other daughters followed hand in hand . Then the wave came . Ten years later , Muhammad still remembers the moment he watched the wave pull his youngest daughter under , right before his eyes . "  In that instant , it was as though my breath escaped me , " says Muhammad , tears trickling down his face . He eventually stumbled across his wife , and news came that his eldest daughter was safe . For the next four days , he continued to wade through the devastation in search for his two younger daughters . "  All I could see were dead bodies , swollen like balloons . I left it in the hands of god and I released my two daughters to him , " says Muhammad . "  Up until today , I have been unable to find the bodies of my two daughters , " he says . "  My wife is still traumatized and she refuses to go back to our old house , so now we stay in a house that was given to us by an NGO . " Moving on The past ten years have been difficult for Muhammad and his family . There were many days after the tsunami that he spent just feeling numb . While he was grieving for the loss of his two daughters , he had to return to the devastated school , where he had been principal since 1999 . A temporary school was erected in the immediate aftermath , he and his students then began to work with Plan International to design their dream school . Amrullah Amrullah , child protection and participation program adviser for Plan International in Indonesia , was posted as chief of mission for the child rights organization 's emergency response at the time . "  When I arrived in Lamnga , they told me this empty area used to be a school and that the local community wanted Plan to rebuild this school < " he said . "  As a child rights organisation , we wanted to do everything we could to ensure children were able to return to school and to support Muhammad . " "  They wanted their school to be resilient and earthquake-proof , and we tried to incorporate their ideas as much as we could , " he said . In May 2005 , six months after the tsunami , their new school was opened . Returning to school "  We used to have 207 students here at Lamnga -- when we reopened there were just 115 , " says Muhammad . Instead of diving back into lessons and homework , the school was a place where teachers and students could go to for counseling and support . "  I encouraged the teachers to be spirited . I told them it was n't necessary to go straight back to the curriculum and that it was OK to read fun stories to them . It took time , but we all slowly got back to normal , " he says . Megawati , an 18-year-old former student at the school , lived in the hills for five months after the tsunami . She was grateful to return once it was rebuilt . "  I was so happy . To me , school is very important , because without education we do not know anything , " she said . Life today Today , the brightly painted Lamnga Elementary School is rich with laughter and activity . Young school children are also taught about the dangers of disasters and regularly participate in evacuation drills . Cahaydi was just two years old when the tsunami tore his village apart . "  I lost my sister , " he says . "  She was only three . My grandmother was carrying her to safety , but both of them fell and she was unable to keep hold of her . " Now 12 , he lives with his mother and father and is a keen student at Lamnga Elementary School . He also knows what to do if an earthquake or tsunami strikes again . "  At school , we are taught about where to evacuate if a disaster strikes and how we can help one another . We have also been taught to hide under a table if an earthquake strikes . I feel better prepared because of these classes and I can also tell my friends what to do , " he says . The tsunami still haunts him though -- as well as others . "  I am ready , but I can not imagine another tsunami , as I still feel scared when I think about it , " says Cahaydi . As for Muhammad , he is proud of the way his school has been rebuilt . He is also flush with pride when he talks about his eldest daughter . Now 25 , she is a mother to a little boy and has recently graduated with a Masters degree . While the scars are still there to see , Muhammad , his family and his students , have rebuilt their lives as best they can . The children of Aceh have been given the opportunity to return to a school , designed by them , just for them , so they too can achieve their hopes and dreams .	The 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami was one of the most devastating natural disasters Aceh , Indonesia , located at the northern tip of Sumatra , bore the brunt of the tsunami Plan International has provided humanitarian assistance and rebuilt a school in the city
CNN  -- Russia emerged as genuine contenders for football 's European crown with a thumping 4-1 win over Czech Republic after co-hosts Poland and 2004 champions Greece had opened the tournament with a dramatic 1-1 draw in Warsaw . Alan Dzagoev scored twice as Dick Advocaat 's Russia side made a confident start , Roman Shirokov and substitute Roman Pavlyuchenko completing the rout after Jaroslav Plasil had briefly threatened a Czech comeback . Russia , who reached the semi-finals of Euro 2008 under Guus Hiddink , next face co-hosts Poland , who saw Robert Lewandowski 's first-half header cancelled out by Greece substitute Dimitris Salpingidis ' second-half goal in Warsaw . But the goalscorers barely told the tale of a remarkable opening match . Both sides had a player sent off - Sokratis Papastathopoulos for Greece and Poland goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny -- before the Arsenal goalkeeper 's replacement Przemyslaw Tyton emerged as the hero by saving a penalty from Giorgos Karagounis . Poland 1-1 Greece Two goals , two red cards and a missed penalty in the tournament 's opening game meant that the focus of Euro 2012 shifted firmly to football . Fears of racism had dominated the build-up to the tournament and there was an inevitable feeling of relief when the opening game finally got under way in Warsaw . A brief but beautiful opening ceremony - just 12 minutes long - set the scene for the three-week tournament before the home crowd came close to lifting the closed roof off the National Stadium with a rousing rendition of the national anthem . It was a vocal chorused outside the stadium by 100,000 supporters crammed into a specially-built fan zone in the center of Warsaw -- and those almost exclusively Poland fans had plenty to shout about in the opening 20 minutes of the opening game . Co-hosts Poland looked to be cruising to their first-ever European Championship finals victory when Borussia Dortmund striker Lewandowski headed home Jakub Blaszczykowski 's cross , with Greece keeper Kostas Chalkias stuck in no-man 's land . It was a special moment for Lewandowski , who was born in Warsaw and proved a constant menace to the hapless Greek defence in a one-sided first half . Euro 2012 : The best photos from day one And when Greece lost both their starting centre backs - Avraam Papadopoulos limping off injured before Papastathopoulos was sent off for two bookings in nine first-half minutes -- it seemed a matter of how many for Lewandowski and Poland . Somehow , Greece manager Fernando Santos instigated a response to silence the Polish fans in and out of the stadium , with substitute Salpigidis the central character . Just six minutes after coming on as a half-time substitute , Salpigidis poked an equaliser past stranded goalkeeper Szczesny . Suddenly it was the Greek fans - so burdened by national crisis , so weighed down by Eurozone millstones - with something to celebrate . It got worse for Arsenal keeper Szczesny when he saw red for a clumsy trip on substitute Salpigidis , but his replacement Tyton guessed right to push away Greece captain Karagounis ' penalty . The Warsaw party was back on -- and two of the tournament underdogs had set a high standard of entertainment for the rest to follow . Russia 4-1 Czech Republic Over in Wroclaw , Russia and Czech Republic continued to defy Group A 's pre-tournament image as the "  least exciting " section , with Advocaat 's side capitalising on some weak Czech defending . These two sides had been installed as favourites to qualify from the group , but only the Russians lived up to that hype in a game dominated by Advocaat 's side . Former Arsenal forward Arshavin was the architecht of their dominance , playing a crucial part in the opening goal from Dzagoev and then playing a defence-splitting pass to set up Shirokov for the second . Pilar 's superbly taken goal early in the second half gave the Czechs hope and they had chances to level before substitute Pavlyuchenko set up Dzagoev for his second and then himself wrapped up victory with a thumping finish . Pavlyuchenko had been ledft out of Russia 's starting line-up , yet still played a crucial role in helping finish off the Czechs when he replaced the tiring Aleksandr Kerzhakov 17 minutes from time . It was a cameo role not lost on two-goal hero Dzagoev , who told Uefa 's official website : "  It was hard for us at 2-1 but a big performance from Roman helped us and we want to thank him for this . "  It is very important that we performed well in the first game -- it is one of the six steps to the final . " Czech Republic coach Michal Bilek admitted his side had struggled to cope with the Russians ' forward movement and link-up play . He conceded : "  We had problems with the combinations of the Russians . They had a lot of chances and we could not get the ball off them . Bilek added : "  They have great technique and showed us today what a great team they are . "	Two players sent off as co-hosts Poland draw 1-1 with 2004 champions Greece Poland 's substitute keeper Przemyslaw Tyton saves Giorgos Karagounis ' penalty Russia cruise to 4-1 win over Czech Republic in Wroclaw Alan Dzagoev scores twice for Dick Advocaat 's side
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A teenage suicide bomber killed at least 27 army recruits and wounded 42 others Thursday when he blew himself up at a military training center in northwest Pakistan , officials said . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the blast , saying it was a "  message for those who wish to join  the  pro-American military . " "  We will continue targeting Pakistan military until it stops supporting the U.S. , " said Azam Tariq , the central spokesman for the group . The suicide bomber , who was about 14-years-old , was wearing a school uniform , a senior Pakistani military official said . The military official asked not to be named because he was not authorized to talk to the media . The teenager detonated his explosives after walking onto the grounds where army recruits were receiving their morning training , according to police chief Abdullah Khan . The bomber was either carrying the explosives in a bag or wearing a suicide vest , officials said . A school for children of military recruits is located inside the training facility . The attacker was probably pretending to be a student there , the military official said . The attack took place in Mardan , a district 50 kilometers  31 miles  north of Peshawar in Pakistan 's Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province , formerly known as the North West Frontier Province . Peshawar is the gateway to the country 's tribal region where security forces have been battling an insurgency led by the Pakistani Taliban . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	NEW : The Pakistani Taliban claims responsibility for the blast The suicide bomber was a teen wearing a school uniform A school for the children of military recruits is located at the training facility The bomber was either carrying the explosives in a bag or wearing a suicide vest
CNN  -- President Hugo Chavez on Thursday ordered the nationalization of the Banco de Venezuela "  to put it at the service of Venezuela " after denying approval for its sale . President Hugo Chavez of Venezuela says the banks owners are n't interested in selling but he 's buying anyway . The leftist president said in a televised address to the nation that he heard "  a few months ago " that the bank 's Spanish owner -- Grupo de Santander -- was planning to sell the bank , which was privatized a few years ago , to a Venezuelan banker . The banker had asked the Venezuelan government for permission needed to complete the deal , Chavez said . "  I sent a message to the Spaniards : No . And to the Venezuelan banker : No , " Chavez said . "  Now the government wants to buy the bank , wants to recover it , because it 's called the Bank of Venezuela , to put it at the service of Venezuela . " Chavez said he was told Wednesday that the owners now were no longer interested in selling . "  So now I am telling them I am interested in buying . We are going to nationalize the Banco de Venezuela . " In a written statement issued Friday , Banco de Santander said it had planned to sell the bank to a Venezuelan private investors group , but "  found afterward that the Venezuelan government was interested in -LSB- acquiring -RSB- Banco de Venezuela , and conversations are under way to that effect . "	Banco de Venezuela 's Spanish owner asked for permission to sell , Chavez says Chavez refused prospective buyer and seller 's request for sale Bank now will be "  at the service of Venezuela , " Chavez says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- There is only one thing that Chinese and foreign observers of China are looking for at the 18th Chinese Communist Party  CCP  Congress : signs of reform , especially political liberalization . The chances of meaningful political changes , or those that dovetail with global norms , however , are getting increasingly slim . The reason may be simple . Until around about the time of the Tiananmen Square protests in 1989 , to reform or not to reform belonged in the realm of ideology . Even before the birth of the People 's Republic in 1949 , factions within the party had fought over the future direction of the country . When Mao Zedong was running the show , there was the celebrated "  struggle between two lines . " This referred to the fierce competition between the Maoists -- who claimed to uphold unadulterated Marxism -- and the "  capitalist roaders , " led by then-president Liu Shaoqi and Deng Xiaoping . After the Cultural Revolution  1966-76  , Deng , the Great Architect of Reform , battled furiously with conservative patriarch Chen Yun , who only wanted " -LSB- market-oriented -RSB- reform within a bird-cage . " In the run-up to the June 4 , 1989 massacre , Deng , who was paranoid about China succumbing to the winds of change that were sweeping Eastern Europe , mobilized the troops to torpedo the Westernized political reforms championed by the liberal General Secretary Zhao Ziyang . Since the early 1990s , three major factions have emerged within the party : the Shanghai faction led by ex-president Jiang Zemin , the Communist Youth League  CYL  faction led by President Hu Jintao , and the "  Gang of Princelings " -- a reference to the offspring of party elders -- led by president-in-waiting Xi Jinping . Despite their apparent differences , these factions have come to a solid consensus on the major goals of the country . Politically , the CCP must preserve its near-total monopoly on power . And while aspects of the economy are being integrated with the global marketplace , about 120 yangqi or centrally-held enterprises will continue to enjoy monopolies over key sectors , ranging from oil and gas to banking and telecommunications . Moreover , an unprecedented number of the spouses and children of party elders have gone into business . Some have become the yangqi 's senior managers . Even more have used their sterling political connections to start highly successful private businesses in lucrative areas such as finance and real estate . These so-called "  red capitalists " are evenly represented by members of the party major factions . Critics of the government do not seem to be exaggerating when they say that 100 or so of the biggest clans that represent the country 's "  red aristocracy " control the largest chunk of the economy . The official China Daily has reported that the top 1 % of Chinese families owns 41.4 % of the nation 's wealth , while a survey by the People 's Daily indicated that 91 % of respondents thought the "  nouveau riche " in China had benefited from their political ties to the CCP leadership . Reform has become nigh impossible because any change of the political or economic status quo will threaten the vested interests -- and finances and earnings -- of these near-omnipotent CCP clans . Politburo member and Guangdong Province Party Secretary Wang Yang admitted this earlier this year . "  At the early stage of reform , the obstacles -LSB- to liberalization -RSB- were mainly due to ideological differences , " he said . "  Now , the major problems faced by reform come from the configuration of interest groups -LSB- at the top -RSB- . " It is most unlikely that the fifth-generation leadership under General Secretary-in-waiting Xi Jinping will change the rules of the game . While Xi , 59 , has the reputation of "  Mr. Clean , " his siblings are multi-millionaires who have substantial investments in China and Hong Kong . Quite a few of the members of the new CCP Politburo Standing Committee  PBSC  -- China 's highest ruling council -- to be confirmed at the November congress are representatives of China 's big clans . They include the Vice-Premier Wang Qishan , Head of the Propaganda Department Liu Yunshan , and Vice-Premier and Chongqing Party Chief , Zhang Dejiang . Owing to the rigidity of China 's one-party authoritarian rule -- as well as the political elite 's determination to uphold the status quo -- expectations of any kind of reform and liberalization have fallen to new lows among the Chinese intelligentsia as well as ordinary folk . Even though China watchers in the West are paying close attention to who will be inducted into the Politburo and the PBSC , Beijing 's largely apathetic political pundits are seized by a feeling of plus ca change -- the more things change , the more they stay the same . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Willy Lam .	Chance of meaningful reform from China 's new leaders is slim Different factions have reached consensus on major national goals An unprecedented number of relatives of party elders have gone into business Reform complicated by vested interests of these "  red capitalists "
CNN  -- A tip from an acquaintance of one of two convicted murderers who were mistakenly released from prison led to their arrests at a Florida motel , the commissioner of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement said Sunday . Charles Walker and Joseph Jenkins were unarmed when they were taken into custody Saturday evening in Panama City , where they were waiting for their ride to arrive from Atlanta , Gerald Bailey said . It was unclear where the men expected to go , he said . He said a "  close associate " informed authorities that the men were in the area . Bailey said they were arrested by themselves without incident at the Coconut Grove Motor Inn . They had been in Bay County for only 48 hours , he said . Walker and Jenkins will be held without bail and make their next court appearances Friday , a Bay County , Florida , judge said Sunday . He said the two will be held with probable cause for one count each of escape . There will be more arrests , Bailey predicted . "  They had to have had help  after their escape  -- and a lot of help -- to get where they were last night , " he said . The state Department of Corrections -- which mistakenly released the men , though it has insisted it was through no fault of its own -- said little about the arrests . Cell phone video obtained by CNN from another guest at the motel shows U.S. marshals storming the men 's room , guns drawn . Authorities had been searching for Walker and Jenkins , both 34 , after investigators discovered that the motions to reduce their respective sentences and court orders granting the requests had been forged . Both killers had been convicted and sentenced to life behind bars without the possibility of parole within two years of their crimes . In September 1998 , Jenkins killed Roscoe Pugh Jr. during a home-invasion robbery attempt . Six months later , Cedric Slater was gunned down on an Orlando street corner -- shot dead , a jury determined , by Walker . Jenkins left the prison in North Carrabelle , in the Florida Panhandle , on September 27 , and Walker left on October 8 , according to authorities . On Saturday , family members of both men denied any knowledge of the escape plans . The legal-looking documents the men used contained bogus reproductions of several key players ' signatures , including those of the Orlando-area State Attorney Jeffrey Ashton or the assistant state attorney and Judge Belvin Perry . They bore the seal of the Orange County clerk of court 's office . "  They are excellent fakes , " Perry said . The judge said his signature is easy to find online on documents related to the high-profile trial of Casey Anthony . Anthony was acquitted in the death of her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee . "  People , particularly people with criminal minds , come up with ingenious ways to beat the system , " Perry said . "  They have nothing but time on their hands to think of things . " He stressed to CNN 's Don Lemon on Sunday that he had nothing to do with the cases in question -- that they were assigned to other judges . "  When your name and documents that you 've signed are plastered on the Internet for anybody and everybody to see , and someone with basic knowledge can paste and cut your signature , it does n't surprise me that it did happen . It was just a matter of time , " Perry said . "  It shows that we need to do a little bit more in authentication of documents . " Prosecutors learned about what happened after a member of Walker 's family contacted them , Ashton , the state attorney , said . An October 8 letter from the Department of Corrections to Slater 's mother , Evangelina Kearse , notified her a "  court order and amended sentence caused  Walker 's  sentence to expire . " "  Please be aware that recent actions causing the release of this offender are beyond our control . Nevertheless , we apologize for the delay in this message , " it said . Mike Crews , secretary of the Department of Corrections , said he was confident in the procedure to release prisoners , but "  obviously there was a gap somewhere . " From now on , prison officials will be required to check with the judge to make sure a release order is legitimate , he said . Bailey said there have been two other instances in which inmates attempted to use false documents to gain release , but officials prevented them from escaping . Both Walker and Jenkins appeared to play by the rules after their release . They went to the Orange County jail to register as felons -- Jenkins on September 30 , Walker on October 11 -- as required by law . Though their releases may have initially seemed legitimate , the two convicts later were classified as escapees . CNN 's Nick Valencia , John Zarrella , Kim Segal , Chelsea J. Carter and David Simpson contributed to this report .	NEW : Video shows U.S. marshals storming men 's motel room Men held on one count each of escape , due back in court Friday The men were freed using forged documents , authorities say Both had been sentenced to life without parole
CNN  -- Asian football chief Mohammed Bin Hammam will be Sepp Blatter 's only opponent in the forthcoming FIFA presidential elections , the sport 's governing body confirmed on Monday . The 75-year-old Blatter , who has held office since 1998 , will go head-to-head with the Qatari on June 1 in Zurich , Switzerland . Elias Figueroa , a former international defender for Chile , had intended to put himself forward for the role but announced last week there was not enough time for a credible campaign to be launched . American journalist Grant Wahl said earlier this year he was hoping to stand , but it was more a ploy to raise awareness about what he called the "  need for change " at an organization which has earned $ 4.189 billion over the last four years than a realistic challenge to Blatter 's supremacy . Marvelous Mourinho record falls -- but will it ever be beaten ? Africa 's Issa Hayatou was the last candidate to run against the Swiss when he was defeated in the 2002 ballot , which came after a campaign of accusations of financial mismanagement at FIFA . Bin Hammam , a FIFA executive committee member and president of the Asian Football Confederation , told CNN last month that the time had arrived for change in the organization after more than a decade under the stewardship of the Swiss . Blatter , who has been involved with FIFA since 1975 , announced at a recent UEFA congress in Paris this will be his last term as president if he is elected for another four years at the helm . Blatter plans final term as Bin Hammam calls for change The 61-year-old Bin Hammam became AFC chief in 2002 and has called for greater transparency among football 's decision makers . If successful in his bid to succeed Blatter , Bin Hammam would become the ninth president in FIFA 's history .	Sepp Blatter and Mohammed Bin Hammam are the only candidates in FIFA 's presidential vote The Qatari has been head of the Asian Football Confederation since 2002 Incumbent Blatter , 75 , has been president of world football 's governing body since 1998 He has not been opposed since the 2002 elections , when he beat Issa Hayatou
CNN  -- Japan 's national sport of sumo wrestling was rocked by a match-fixing scandal on Thursday after it was revealed three wrestlers had admitted to rigging bouts . "  Three sumo wrestlers have admitted to match-fixing , " Yoshiaki Takaki , the country 's minister for education and sport , announced to a parliamentary panel . " Sumo is our national sport . If match-fixing has occurred , it is a very serious betrayal of the people , " Naoto Kan , the country 's Prime Minister , added . Japan 's Kyodo news service claimed that Tokyo Police had found suspicious messages on a number of wrestlers ' phones that suggested the outcome of several fights had been planned . The messages exchanged between wrestlers discuss how fights would be arranged and also the amount of money that would change hands . "  I 'll hit my opponent head on , " was one message reported in British newspaper The Guardian . "  For 20 more I will concede . After the meet , I need to make at least 50 or I 'll be in serious trouble , " read a further text which discussed the financial rewards for one wrestler . "  You fall when I move to tackle , " read another message reported by Japanese news wire Jiji Press . Japan Sumo Association chairman Hanaregoma told a news conference that 13 people who had been mentioned in the messages would be investigated . "  It 's a betrayal of sumo fans . If this is true . It would be something that rocks  sumo  to its foundations . We will investigate thoroughly , " Hanaregoma said . It is the latest controversy to hit sumo after a gambling scandal emerged in July last year when 34-year-old wrestler Ozeki Kotomitsuki is said to have illegally bet on baseball games .	Japan 's national sport of sumo wrestling facing a match-fixing scandal Reports allege wrestlers fixed bouts via text message Japan 's Prime Minister says if true the scandal is a ` betrayal of the people '
CNN  -- Two beloved giant pandas left the United States for their new homes in China on Thursday . Three-year-old Mei Lan left Zoo Atlanta in Georgia early Thursday morning and was flown to Washington aboard a FedEx 777 christened the "  Panda Express . " In Washington , the plane picked up Mei Lan 's 4-year-old cousin , Tai Shan , who left Washington 's National Zoo . The pandas , which were on loan from China , are being repatriated to help replenish the endangered species ' numbers . They will eventually take part in a breeding program in China . The National Zoo estimates that 1,600 giant pandas are left in the wild . See photos of Tai Shan 's departure Kathleen Ryland of Highland , Maryland , brought her children to say goodbye to the Washington giant panda . "  We watched him as he grew up , and it 's kind of sad to see him go , " Ryland said . iReport : National Zoo says goodbye to Tai Shan The flight from Washington to China will be about 15 hours , said Dave Bronczek , president and CEO of FedEx . A panda breeding center that one of the pandas was heading to was preparing , according to the newspaper China Daily . Officials at the center were searching for a boyfriend for Mei Lan , the paper reported . They were also searching for a Chinese language teacher so that Mei Lan could be taught to understand when she is told in Chinese to return to her cage . "  Mei Lan has been living in the United States since she was born , and she must be unfamiliar with Chinese , especially the Sichuan dialect , " Huang Xiangming , a director of the breeding center , told the paper . Tai Shan is headed to a different facility in China 's Sichuan province .	Atlanta 's Mei Lan , 3 , and Washington 's Tai Shan , 4 , leave Thursday Animals will be entered into breeding program for endangered species Pandas will have to learn commands in Chinese language
CNN  -- A missing Ohio State University football player complained about concussion symptoms before he disappeared , his parents told police . Kosta Karageorge , a reserve defensive lineman , was last seen about 2 a.m. Wednesday , according to a tweet sent from his personal account . In a copy of the missing persons report obtained by CNN , Susan Karageorge told police she received a text from her son about 1:30 a.m. that said , "  I am sorry if I am an embarrassment but these concussions have my head all f *** ed up . " She added that her son has had several concussions and confusion "  spells . " Karageorge is a wrestler and football walk-on , according to CNN affiliate WCMH . The 22-year-old , a fifth-year senior , missed football practice at 6 a.m. Wednesday . "  Right now we 're still treating this as a missing persons report , " Sgt. David Pelphrey told CNN affiliate WSYX . "  We have no reason to believe otherwise . " Pelfrey said police are following up multiple leads , including video from a store in east Columbus , Ohio . The family and volunteers have also ramped up their search efforts , posting fliers around town . Karageorge "  was a hard worker on the field and pleasant off the field . He has been an important player in practice for us , right up until the time he was reported missing , " OSU football coach Urban Meyer said in a statement . "  If anyone knows anything about his whereabouts , please help his family and contact the authorities . " Team physician Dr. Jim Borchers said that the team was not able to discuss or comment on Karageorge 's medical care . "  First and foremost , our primary concern is for the health , safety and welfare of Kosta . ... We are confident in our medical procedures and policies to return athletes to participation following injury or illness , " Borchers said . Karageorge 's sister , Sophia , told Cleveland.com that he was upset about something Tuesday night and that his roommates said he went for a walk . His cell phone was last pinged about 2:30 a.m. Wednesday , according to his sister . CNN 's Patrick Cornell contributed to this report	NEW : Kosta Karageorge complained about concussions , according to a police report Karageorge has n't been heard from since Wednesday , according to his family The 23-year-old missed practice on Wednesday Police say they 're still treating this case as a missing persons report
SAN JOSE , Costa Rica  CNN  -- The official count of confirmed deaths grew to 15 Friday afternoon , one day after a 6.1-magnitude earthquake shook north central Costa Rica , a government emergency official said . iReporter Leonardo Diaz photographed the damage in Plaza Mayor Shopping Center in San Jose . Reinaldo Carballo , a spokesman for the federal Commission for National Emergencies , said the updated death toll came from information given to the agency by Costa Rica Vice President Rodrigo Arias . In addition , Carballo said , rescuers were trying to reach 300 tourists stranded in a hotel in Varablanca . Carballo said he did not know the tourists ' nationalities or the name of the hotel . There were conflicting reports on the number of dead from Thursday 's earthquake . The Commission for National Emergencies had issued a news release earlier Friday saying the quake had killed four people . Also earlier Friday , Red Cross official Milton Chaverri told CNN there were 14 dead and 22 missing . Red Cross spokeswoman Fiorella Vilca said Friday afternoon there were nine dead and 42 missing . The discrepancy may result from the fact that the Commission for National Emergencies reports only deaths it has confirmed , Carballo said . About 32 people were injured , he said . On Friday , the U.S. government dispatched a team of 34 U.S. military personnel and four helicopters from Honduras-based Joint Task Force-Bravo to Costa Rica to assist . Survivors described the suddenness and brutality of the quake . Landslides , tumbling rocks and collapsed buildings caused widespread devastation and death . "  I saw how the earth moved and how it took my family -- my aunt , my cousin and her babies , " Miguel Angel Marin told CNN affiliate Teletica TV . "  It was very hard because I wanted to save them , but I could n't . " A sobbing Vilma Cambronero was asked what happened to her family . "  Some are well , " she said . "  Others are buried . " An unidentified woman told Teletica , "  Everything started to move and everything fell on top of us . It was a miracle we got out . " More than 1,200 people were stranded , without a way to get out of towns or homes , Chaverri said . Another 1,000 people were living in shelters , he said . iReport.com : Are you there ? Send photos , video "  Many people were injured , many buildings were damaged and landslides blocked roads in the area , " the U.S. Geological Survey said . The dead included three young girls , officials said Friday . Costa Rican President Oscar Arias Sanchez was scheduled to tour the affected area Friday . On Thursday , he appealed for calm . The remote area near Alajuela , where the quake hit strongest , is difficult to reach , and officials said they were having to rely on helicopters for medical evacuations and to airlift supplies . Randall Picado , a government rescue official , said many residents were without water and other necessities . About 400 volunteers and Red Cross personnel were giving aid in 15 communities , Chaverri said . The temblor was felt throughout Costa Rica and in southern and central Nicaragua , the U.S. Geological Survey reported on its Web site . "  I felt the earthquake , " Costa Rican office worker Erick Solorzano told CNN in an iReport message . "  I work in a sixth floor , and it was very strong . We felt the building was going to collapse . " About 2,000 aftershocks have been felt in San Jose , the capital , and other cities throughout the nation , Red Cross spokeswoman Vilca said . The Geological Survey placed the earthquake 's epicenter at 20 miles  32 kilometers  north-northwest of San Jose at a depth of 2.8 miles  4.5 kilometers  .	NEW : Rescuers trying to reach 300 tourists stranded in hotel NEW : "  I saw how the earth moved and how it took my family , " survivor says Reports on number of people killed in quake conflict ; up to 42 may be missing More than 1,200 stranded , 1,000 more in shelters , Red Cross official says
EW.com  -- Despite star Kiefer Sutherland 's hopes that the "  24 " movie would begin shooting next month , no amount of Jack Bauer beatdowns can get the seemingly cursed production off the ground , according to TheWrap . Production on the long-awaited big-screen version of the addictive TV show has been pushed back to 2013 . Sutherland recently told Jay Leno the script  written by "  24 " scribe Howard Gordon and "  The Hunger Games ' " Billy Ray  was all systems go , though he admitted scheduling had become the most recent stumbling block . Add budget and Sutherland 's salary demands to the mix , and you 've got a non-starter . Or do you ? Gordon told TV Guide that everyone involved was still working to bring Jack Bauer to the big screen . Gordon said that "  as recently as a week or two ago ... everyone was racing to get -LSB- the filming -RSB- to happen . " He said , "  It was kind of a collective decision not to -LSB- move forward -RSB- , " because the script "  needed more work . " Said Gordon , "  There 's no point in doing the movie as an exercise or as a nostalgia piece . We wanted to make it something that can stand on its own . " But when will it stand , if at all ? That remains to be seen . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Production on the long-awaited big-screen version of "  24 " has been pushed back to 2013 Keifer Sutherland recently told Jay Leno the script was all systems go "  24 " writer Howard Gordon said they were still working to bring Jack Bauer to the big screen
Some 6.8 million college students will graduate in China this summer , an exhilarating time for students and their families alike . I know the feeling : Michelle , my 21-year-old daughter , has just graduated from college too . When I got my history diploma at Peking University in 1981 , the only memorable ceremony we had was a group photo with fellow history majors and our teachers . Over the years , graduations from Chinese universities have become elaborate affairs with students dressed in black gowns strutting the red carpet at formal ceremonies , before posing for the obligatory group pictures . This year , some students are breaking with convention -- striving to project their individuality , exercise free speech or simply to be a bit naughty and different . Several photos recently posted on Chinese micro-blogging sites show graduates illustrate this . One particularly eye-catching example shows advertising majors at Jinan University in Guangzhou standing in front of a banner which reads "  Jinan University Advertising Department , you f *** ed my youth ! " Each graduate also holds a printout expressing his or her personal wish , such as finding a wealthy wife . The picture predictably attracted a huge response . "  It is innovation , " gushed one micro-blogger . "  It is freedom . " "  What a great campaign by ad majors , " enthused Bill Bishop , an independent media consultant in Beijing . "  Any ad agency would be lucky to have young folks who can create such a stir online so quickly . " Not everyone is impressed . "  Now the graduation photos of college students excessively pursue unconventional and new things in order to be different , " said blogger Liang Mutian . "  It 's a bit too much ! " Chinese writer and cultural critic Liu Yang agreed . "  If I hire people , I would n't hire any students from this university and would put this university on the blacklist . " But Liu 's comments also came under fire . "  Why not look at the question with a more relaxed perspective ? " asked one netizen known as Luzhou Gudao . "  Maybe this last craziness will become the students ' precious memories . " Another , called Jellyhahaha , wrote : "  Come on , put me on the blacklist too . This picture shows the spirit of fighting for freedom in this so-called ` harmonious country . ' I think the future of China can be even better if it is determined by these graduates instead of those treacherous fakers . " For some observers , the whole debate is about China 's generation gap . The older generation grew up experiencing the poverty and chaos of the Cultural Revolution . Governed by rigid rules and puritan conventions , they typically followed rules , or at least feigned compliance . Three decades of economic reform and the "  open-door " policy have brought higher living standards , a modern lifestyle and more freedom . Traditional Chinese reticence is disappearing as a result . Meanwhile , only children dominate the current generation of young Chinese -- a legacy of China 's one-child policy , instituted in 1978 . They belong to a generation for whom prosperity and personal freedom are more the norm , rather the exception . China 's opening to the outside world has made them better informed , extremely curious and adventurous . Most of this year 's graduating class belongs to the "  jiu ling hou , " or post-90s generation . Critics stereotype them as self-centered , na  ve , spoiled and rebellious . They are also labeled as lazy , promiscuous and confused . But others describe them as intelligent , innovative , curious and tech-savvy . "  These are misconceptions and sweeping over-generalizations , " Zhao Ding , a 26-year-old white collar worker in Beijing . "  We are different but we are maturing . " A survey conducted by the Horizon Research Group , a Beijing-based independent research firm , found that among 2,099 university and middle school students sampled from China 's five largest cities , urban Chinese born in the 1990s have more disposable money and greater say in family spending . The survey also showed this generation still retains a realistic attitude about consumption , despite being portrayed as the "  spoiled generation . " "  It 's just a label , " said Zhang Dayu , 20 , who is graduating this month . "  Older generations harbor stereotypes of our generation , saying we are extravagant , we are not socially responsible . Not true . " But Zhang concedes many of his contemporaries are self-centered . "  We are more individualistic , " he said . "  We have a strong desire to express ourselves in unique and sometimes crazy ways . " This is why some students have posted various crazy -- even brazen -- photos on microblogs . One shows a man running naked , supposedly celebrating his graduation on the campus of Fudan University , a top-rated school in Shanghai , while another shows a group of youths in their graduation gowns posing for a picture while the building behind them appears to be on fire . "  In most cases , it 's just people wanting fame -- using the pretext of protest in some cases , " said Eric Fish , a graduate student in journalism at Tsinghua University . "  With the graduation photos , it just seems like what graduates would normally do in a lot of other countries . " Why is this significant ? "  It perhaps says something about the freedom these young people feel now , especially when they 're graduating and free from school authorities . I doubt some of the behavior in these pictures would have been tolerated 10 or 20 years ago , " Fish said . "  This is just the result of young Chinese people starting to enjoy many of the same personal freedoms as their peers abroad : silly , naughty photos are a part of student life everywhere , and China is no different , " explained Jeremy Goldkorn , founder of Danwei.org , a website and research firm that tracks the Chinese media and Internet . Compared to their American counterparts , Zhao Ding thinks her contemporaries are still rather conservative . "  The spirit is the same , " said the 26-year-old literature graduate . "  Before you enter the adult world , where there are rules and conventions , you savor the last chance and last moment to indulge in teen spirit . " For some , the reminders of rules have come quickly . Many graduates have been pressured to delete their "  crazy " pictures from their microblogs .	Some young students in China are using their graduation photos to project their individuality Posted on social media , photos show students with provocative signs or running naked through their campus Critics say they excessively pursue unconventional and new things in order to be different But others say this is a result of students starting to enjoy the same personal freedoms as their peers abroad
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Cast members of the hit television show "  Happy Days , " who are suing CBS , accused the company of "  despicable conduct " for not paying them for merchandising revenues . The comment was made in court papers filed by the actors ' attorney in response to a claim by CBS that the case had no merit . "  In this lawsuit , plaintiffs seek their share of the money collected by defendants as a result of the use of the actors ' names and likenesses in connection with merchandising , " the document , filed by attorney Jon Pfeiffer in Los Angeles Superior Court , said . "  Plaintiffs also want the jury to punish defendants for their despicable conduct . " Four members of the cast -- Marion Ross , Don Most , Anson Williams and Erin Moran -- along with the widow of Tom Bosley , sued CBS in April , claiming they have not been paid what they 're owed for the worldwide sale of "  Happy Days " merchandise . "  Happy Days " was originally on the air from 1974 to 1984 . Bosley died in October . Williams : "  Unfortunately , now ` Happy Days ' also represents the worst of America . " Under their contracts , the actors were supposed to receive 5 % of net proceeds , or 2 1/2 % if their images were used in a group . In interviews with CNN earlier this year , the four cast members said they decided to move forward after discovering "  Happy Days " slot machines were popping up in casinos around the country in 2008 . "  This is one of the most heavily merchandised shows ever , " Most said . "  People loved ` Happy Days , ' and it 's been on everything from bedsheets to lunch boxes . " The suit asks for $ 10 million in damages . CNN Money : ` Happy Days ' actors claim fraud , money owed for merchandising The latest court filing follows a response by CBS to the suit last month . The company , which owns the show , said the actors are "  attempting to generate a lucrative litigation windfall by riddling their complaint with unsupported and overreaching causes of action " for fraud and breach of good faith . CBS said this was "  all done in a transparent attempt to introduce the specter of punitive damages " in the case . CBS called the case "  a garden-variety breach of contract action , nothing more . " But the actors fired back , saying "  although defendants routinely rebrand their corporate images , they should not be permitted to rebrand the truth . " They pointed out that they have not "  sought damages for speculative profits they had hoped to make on a risky business deal " or for a "  windfall of money from conduct that did not harm them . " The company disputed that it "  concealed " its obligation to pay merchandising revenues . Instead , it said the actors "  were simply ignorant of , or slept upon their own rights . That can not serve as a basis for a fraud claim . " But , in the latest court filing , the actors said CBS "  should not be rewarded for concealing the money they made and not paying the actors . " "  It would place a tremendous burden on studios and production companies if every actor in the entertainment industry were required to call each company they ever worked for to inquire whether merchandising had occurred , and if so , whether any money is due , " the court filing said . "  In order to remove that burden and standardize the process , the customary practice in the entertainment industry is to provide periodic statements to actors when money has been generated in connection with merchandise . " In 2002 and 2003 , Moran contacted CBS about merchandising revenues but was told nothing was owed , the filing states . Since the lawsuit was filed , CBS has sent checks totaling $ 43,403 in merchandising proceeds to the four actors and Bosley 's widow , Patricia . Pfeiffer told CNN he was holding onto the checks because CBS could argue the case had been settled if they were cashed . In a statement issued before the lawsuit was filed , CBS said it agreed that the actors "  are owed royalties from the merchandising of ` Happy Days ' and have , in fact , been working with their representatives for some time to see that they are paid what they are due . " The company did not immediately respond to a CNN request for further comment about the court filing . The actors said CBS claimed it did not pay them for the "  Happy Days " slot machine proceeds due "  to oversight . " However , the actors point out that Henry Winkler , who played The Fonz on the show , was paid for the use of his image on the slots . Neither Winkler nor Ron Howard , who played Richie Cunningham on the show , are part of the lawsuit . In addition , from 2008 to January 2011 , CBS issued news releases announcing licensing agreements with 14 companies that include gift items , clothing , glassware and bar accessories , the court filing said . But in revenue statements sent to Pfeiffer after the lawsuit was filed , CBS did not include any revenue from four of those companies . Williams told CNN this week that the case is "  like ` Happy Days ' versus Goliath . Here 's one show and we 're putting one of the biggest corporations in the world on the line to do the right thing . I 'm hoping this case gives visibility to not only help us , but to help thousands of other individuals in the entertainment business . "	"  Happy Days " actors suing CBS over merchandising revenues Four members of cast from hit show say they have n't been paid their share CBS has no immediate comment on the latest court filing Since the lawsuit was filed , network has sent checks totaling $ 43,403
CNN  -- Sad news all around : The weekend brought one tragic story after another about people dying in travel accidents . Homicide charges after train derails in Spain The driver of the train that careened around a curve and derailed in northwestern Spain last week now faces homicide charges . Authorities charged him Sunday with 79 counts of homicide -- one for each life lost . Over the weekend , relatives of victims embarked on the grim but necessary task of picking up the luggage left behind . A solemn parade of mourners wheeled bags away from the police station in Santiago de Compostela . The suitcases had been recovered from the wreckage scene , their owners either dead or badly injured . Somber organ music filled the city 's cathedral Monday night at a memorial for the passengers who perished . On church trip , bus flips in Indiana A youth pastor , his pregnant wife and a chaperone were killed on a church trip when their bus flipped over in Indiana on Saturday . The driver told witnesses that the vehicle 's brakes failed as he was trying to make a left turn , an Indianapolis Fire Department spokeswoman said . The bus ended up on its side on a concrete road barrier , with luggage and other debris strewn on the roadway . "  I saw bodies everywhere , kids in shock and disbelief , " said John Murphy , who had stopped along the northern Indianapolis road where the bus crashed . The bus was returning from a camp in Michigan , Indianapolis Mayor Greg Ballard said . Bus packed with pilgrims plunges off bridge in Italy A bus returning pilgrims from a weekend visit to a Catholic shrine in southern Italy plunged off a bridge into a wooded area , leaving at least 38 dead . The bus was traveling east of Naples in Avellino province , the Italian news agency ANSA reported . Avellino police official Pasquale Picone said the bus struck 11 cars on the road before falling off the bridge , leading police to suspect the bus had brake problems . But the exact cause of the accident remains unknown . Photos from the scene showed a broken guardrail and the bus lying on its side . New York boat crash kills bride , best man In New York , wedding plans turned to funeral arrangements after a power boat carrying a wedding party crashed into a barge on the Hudson River late Friday . Two people died . Lindsey Stewart , the bride-to-be , and Mark Lennon , who was to have been the best man in the wedding party , and disappeared late Friday when a 21-foot Stingray power boat they were passengers on slammed into one of three construction barges strapped together near the Tappan Zee Bridge , 25 miles north of Manhattan . New York authorities are trying to piece together what went wrong . "  We 're looking into every single thing , " Rockland County , New York , Sheriff Louis Falco said . "  What we 're going to do is bring in an accident reconstruction team . " Pennsylvania helicopter crash kills 5 A day after a helicopter went missing during bad weather , search crews spotted the wreckage Sunday in Wyoming County , Pennsylvania . Five people , including a child , died in the crash , the county 's coroner said . The Robinson 66 chopper departed from Tri-Cities Airport in Endicott , New York , and was headed to Jake Arner Memorial Airport in Lehighton , Pennsylvania . Federal officials said earlier it had come from Greater Binghamton Airport . Federal authorities are investigating . Switzerland : Commuter trains collide Two commuter trains collided head-on in western Switzerland Monday evening , between the cities of Moudon and Payerne . Dozens were injured , several of them seriously , Swiss Railways spokesman Reto Schaerli said . "  We do n't know why this crash happened , " he said . Floodwater sweeps tour bus downstream in Arizona The driver of a tour bus loaded with passengers attempted to cross through floodwater that was at least 6 feet deep and 100 feet wide in northern Arizona on Sunday , When fire department crews arrived , the bus had rolled onto its side and floated 300 yards downstream . No one was injured or killed , but authorities did n't mince words when they described the situation Sunday . "  The occupants were extremely lucky to have survived , " Northern Arizona Consolidated Fire District Chief Patrick Moore said . "  When you think of how much water it takes to float a bus 300 yards , " he said , "  you do n't have to be a rocket scientist to know you should n't drive there . " CNN 's Holly Yan , Karl Penhaul , Barbie Nadeau , Livia Borghese , Janet DiGiacomo , Ed Payne , Alina Cho , Greg Botelho , Mark Morgenstein , Sho Wills , Dave Alsup and Stefan Simons contributed to this report .	NEW : Dozens are injured when two trains collide in Switzerland NEW : Victims of a Spanish train crash are honored at a memorial A youth pastor and his pregnant wife are killed when a bus flips in Indiana A bus packed with pilgrims plunges off a bridge in Italy , killing 38
CNN  -- Curiouser and curiouser ! A cat 's head floats across the stage . A white snake orbits it , buoyed and silently guided by a troupe of dancers hidden in darkness of black cloth . The Cheshire cat 's head is joined on stage by its paws and body and the snake is revealed as its tail . The animal marches , Chinese-dragon like , up and down the wide stage of the Royal Opera House . Breaking decades of tradition , the Royal Ballet has been running a full-length commission of "  Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland " since 2011 , replacing the Nutcracker as the mainstay of London 's Christmas dance season . Theater designer Bob Crowley goes beyond faithfully rendering Lewis Carroll 's original story into dance scenes , but uses plenty of his own smoke and mirrors -- sometimes literally -- to create breathtaking stage craft . Curtains on strings and projected light conjure the illusion of Alice collapsing and expanding in height ; huge paper boats float over a sea of draped dancers ; enormous towers of cards are erected and collapsed ; and the myriad hidden horrors behind the innocuous looking home sweet home are revealed with brio . Christopher Wheeldon 's choreography left children and adults alike stunned on Saturday 's opening night , the first of a sell out run that rolls through to January , all the more impressive when you consider he had to silently communicate a book so replete with puns , riddles and invented words . The purple-dressed protagonist skittishly twirls through a waltz of dancing flowers as two lines of dancers emerge from the back of the all gold and velvet hall , donning gigantic colorful meringue hats and bounding down the aisles . Ensconced within home sweet home a scene of complete mayhem emerges : a fiery butcher 's shop staffed with malevolence . Alice dances around the mad proprietor 's bloodied cleaver , snipping strings of sausages and escaping into the lush green countryside within an inch of her life . Zenaida Yanowsky as The Queen of Hearts stole the show , most of which she spent being pushed around in a heart-shaped cherry-red carriage by a squad of red cavaliers , reprimanding her minions and sowing chaos wherever she went . Once off her wheels , she was repeatedly disturbed from her graceful dance by the clumsy mistakes of a group of dancing fools . She pushes one over , threatens another with decapitation before dancing flat onto her back , legs akimbo in a huge swirl of red tutu . Alas , you may have to wait till next year but there is real magic within the walls of Royal Opera House at Christmastime in London . Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland runs until January 16 , 2015 at Royal Opera House , London . It will be broadcast to select cinemas worldwide on December 16 , 2014 . Turner Prize 2014 won by Irish film artist Duncan Campbell World 's most impressive metro stations Norway 's cool new passport has a stylish secret	The Royal Ballet has replaced the Nutcracker with Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland this holiday season The ballet combines inventive set design and impressive choreography All performances are currently sold out
New York  CNN  -- The Occupy Wall Street demonstrators will leave the confines of Lower Manhattan Tuesday and head uptown , organizers said . An afternoon march will take them past the homes of well-to-do folks like JP Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon , billionaire David Koch and News Corp CEO Rupert Murdoch . Nearly four weeks into their protests , demonstrators typically have not strayed too far from downtown , where a home base of sorts has been established at Zuccotti Park . Protesters plan to hop on the subway , emerging at 59th street near Central Park , where they will start their tour just after noon , according to organizers . On Monday , hip-hop mogul Russell Simmons , music star Kanye West and the Rev. Al Sharpton added their celebrity to the Occupy Wall Street cause . Their visits came as the burgeoning movement continued to echo from coast to coast , voicing impassioned sentiments on a range of topics while commonly railing against what protesters describe as corporate greed , political ineptitude and the inordinate power wielded by the United States ' wealthiest people . "  We are here today because we agree 1 % should not be controlling the  nation 's  wealth , " Sharpton said on his nationally syndicated radio program . "  These  demonstrators  are regular people trying to feed their families , trying to pay their rent and mortgages , trying to survive . " Police in Boston arrested about 60 people associated with the protests late Monday and early Tuesday , Elaine Driscoll of the Boston Police Department said . Protestors have been occupying Dewey Square Park in downtown Boston , but had expanded to the neighboring Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway on Monday night . Protestors were given a 1:30 a.m. ET deadline to move back to Dewey Square . Those who did not were arrested . The nationwide movement has been largely peaceful , though it has led to some skirmishes with police and arrests , particularly in New York and Washington . It has also stoked fervent public debate , including among politicians . Democrats have generally offered sympathy for protesters ' concerns while several Republicans , among them 2012 presidential candidates Herman Cain and Newt Gingrich , have described the demonstrations as "  class warfare . " New York Mayor Bloomberg , an independent , appeared Monday to soften his stance about the protests . Last Friday , he said on WOR radio that some demonstrators were "  trying to destroy the jobs of working people in the city " and suggested it could only be a matter of time before officials potentially put an end to the Zuccotti Park encampment . Yet , speaking to CNN affiliate WCBS at a Columbus Day parade , the mayor said the city now plans to allow the protesters to stay indefinitely . "  The bottom line is , people want to express themselves , as long as they obey the laws , we 'll allow them to , " he said . The Occupy movement shows few signs of slowing down . Rallies and marches have been held in numerous towns and cities in recent days , with many more planned . That includes a "  Call to Action Against Banks , " which New York 's Occupy Wall Street announced on its Facebook site will happen Saturday . "  No longer will banks take our homes . No longer will banks rob students of our future . No longer will banks destroy the environment . No longer will banks fund the misery of war . No longer will banks cause massive unemployment . And no longer will banks create and profit from economic crisis without a struggle , " according to the online message Monday . It then urges people to "  visit your local Bank of America , Wells Fargo or Chase  branches  and let them know , we will not allow business as usual . " "  We . Will . Occupy . Everywhere , " the posting ends . CNNMoney 's Charles Riley contributed to this report	NEW : New York 's mayor says protesters can stay at the park where they 're camping out Students join unions in Boston touting jobs and blasting university presidents ' pay A "  call to action " urges visits Saturday to banks to protest "  business as usual " Al Sharpton lauds a movement he says speaks for "  99 % of the people "
The Obama administration is sending prosecutors and law enforcement advisers abroad , and urging other countries to overhaul their laws to make it easier to prosecute people who return after being involved in terrorism . Attorney General Eric Holder said Thursday that the Justice Department has dispatched lawyers to 14 countries -- four in the Balkan region and 10 in North Africa and the Middle East -- to work with policymakers there . "  These personnel will provide critical assistance to our allies in order to help prosecute those who return from the Syrian region bent on committing acts of terrorism , " Holder said at press conference . His comments came after Holder met with his European counterparts to discuss the issue . Holder said the State Department 's Bureau of Counterterrorism is also sending staffers to those regions to aid what will be a "  government-wide effort . " One objective is to ramp up international cooperation in areas such as "  information sharing , investigations and prosecutions , and countering violent extremism , " Holder said . "  Our goal is to build the capacity to fight foreign terrorist fighters within the rule of law -- so we can the stop flow of fighters into conflict regions , stem the tide of violence and aggressively combat violent extremism , " Holder said . "  We can succeed only as partners . " The move comes the same day a French court sentenced a 28-year-old man to seven years in prison for participating in jihad in Syria . Flavien Moreau is the first French citizen to be tried for joining an Islamist group in Syria , according to Elisabeth Allanic , spokeswoman for the Paris prosecutor 's office . Moreau 's lawyer , Pierre Darkanian , told CNN that his client had been to Syria in November 2012 "  for less than 10 days . " According to Darkanian , Moreau joined a group fighting against President Bashar al-Assad , but did not participate in combat . "  He wanted to bring first-aid care , " the lawyer said . A heavy smoker , Moreau could n't stand the smoking restrictions in place in the group and came back to France partly to buy Nicorette gum . He was arrested a few weeks later , in January 2013 . Darkanian called the sentence "  unjustified . " "  My client is being sentenced purely on the basis of intentions , " he said . "  Materially , he did not commit any unlawful acts . " Moreau was among more than 900 French nationals the government believes fought in Syria and Iraq . Farid Djebbar , 26 , was sentenced to 30 months in jail as part of the same trial , said his lawyer , Daphne Pugliesi . Djebbar had maintained correspondence with Moreau and received money from him . He had consulted various jihadist websites , including some content on making bombs , authorities said . "  This is a very tough verdict . Since this is the first jihadist trial , they wanted to hit very strong and make an example , " Pugliesi said . Djebbar wo n't appeal . "  He is tired and he knows that justice wo n't listen to him , " his lawyer said . The French Parliament recently passed new anti-terrorism legislation to respond to the increasing concern about French nationals traveling to Syria and Iraq to join ISIS or other jihadist groups . The legislation is aimed at preventing anyone from entering or exiting French territory if there are strong reasons to believe that there is intent to travel to take part in terror-related activities , war crimes or crimes against humanity . The travel ban could include the confiscation of passports and identification cards . Through the new law , French authorities can also require Internet providers to block content or access to websites calling to conduct or praising terror acts . More than 100 of the foreign fighters in Iraq and Syria have come from the United States , according to intelligence estimates ; hundreds more from Europe . Holder interview : What we learned	Justice Department dispatches lawyers to 14 countries to help prosecute foreign fighters The U.S. is also pushing other countries to overhaul their laws to prosecute jihadists Plan urges international "  information sharing , investigations and prosecutions "
CNN  The birthplace of Coca-Cola , "  Gone with the Wind " and Martin Luther King Jr. is still home to the busiest passenger airport in the world . More than 96 million passengers went through Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in 2014 , an increase of 1.9 % over 2013 , according to Airports Council International 's preliminary passenger traffic data , released Thursday . With more than 86 million passengers last year , Beijing Capital International Airport remained in second place and continued to close the gap just a bit more with Atlanta , according to the worldwide association of airports . It saw an increase of 2.9 % over 2013 . ATL24 : 24 hours in the world 's busiest airport London 's Heathrow Airport continued to hold on to third place for another year , with more than 73 million passengers , an increase of 1.4 % . Toyko 's Haneda Airport was fourth with nearly 73 million passengers , a 5.7 % increase over 2013 . The airports in fifth , sixth and seventh places swapped spots . Los Angeles International Airport moved up from sixth to fifth , Dubai moved up from seventh to sixth , and Chicago O'Hare International Airport dropped from fifth to seventh . There were no changes to Paris Charles de Gaulle  eighth place  , Dallas/Fort Worth  ninth  and Hong Kong  10th  . Passenger traffic continued to grow around the globe , with the world 's airports serving more than 6.6 billion passengers in 2014 , an increase of 5.1 % over the previous year , according to the report . Though the news was mostly good for Atlanta , the city did lose some bragging rights . Chicago/Atlanta airport rivalry heats up Chicago O'Hare took the top spot from Atlanta in the number of takeoffs and landings , officially known as aircraft movements . A spokesman for the Atlanta airport says its carriers are adding more aircraft with higher passenger capacity , which means fewer planes . O'Hare took first place with 881,000 movements , followed by Atlanta with 868,359 and Los Angeles with 708,674 . Rounding out that list were Dallas/Fort Worth , Beijing , Denver , Charlotte , Las Vegas , Houston and London . Airport movements in both Chicago and Atlanta actually decreased compared with 2013 . Chicago 's movements dropped by 0.2 % , and Atlanta 's dropped by 4.7 % . Hong Kong 's airport is still the busiest cargo airport in the world , transporting more than 4.4 million metric tons of cargo in 2014 . Memphis , Tennessee , home to FedEx , came in second place with 4.2 million metric tons and Shanghai was third with nearly 3.2 million metric tons .  One metric ton equals 2,205 pounds . Rounding out the top 10 were cargo airports in Incheon , South Korea ; Anchorage , Alaska ; Dubai ; Louisville , Kentucky ; Tokyo  Narita  ; Frankfurt , Germany ; and Taipei , Taiwan . The Airports Council International preliminary traffic report was based on data from 1,095 airports worldwide . A final version will be released later in the year .	Hartsfield-Jackson in Atlanta is again the world 's busiest passenger airport But Chicago won the top spot in another key measurement Hong Kong kept the title of busiest cargo airport
CNN  -- A young woman stands against a crisp black backdrop . The photographer walks forward and gently turns her away from the camera . Today the focus is not on her face but on the delicate architectural feat that sits atop her head . It seems to almost defy gravity , with light radiating from the hair tower as it spirals upwards in a conical shape . Hairstyles have long been popular fashion statements for Nigerian women . But over the years , the intricate braiding and eye-catching sculptures have often reflected the country 's changing sociopolitical times as well . And for the last six decades , one man made it his life 's work to capture the complex refashioning of his homeland . In February , the renowned artist J.D. ` Okhai Ojeikere died at his home in Lagos aged 84 . He left behind a remarkable body of work , much of which is largely unknown outside Nigeria . But now , many of Ojeikere 's countrymen are putting in a renewed effort to celebrate the life of the beloved artist -- through documentary films , exhibitions and an impressive monograph of work , Nigeria is presenting J.D. ` Okhai Ojeikere to the world one last time . "  He started taking images of a nation that was in the throes of development -LSB- and -RSB- independence in 1960 , " explains Bisi Silva , the founder and director of the Centre for Contemporary Art , Lagos . "  We discovered oil , money ... modern buildings were going up . So he documented that process , that transition into a modernizing nation . " A final wish for a departed friend Over the last five years , Silva has been working tirelessly to complete an extensive monograph on Ojeikere . This has not been yet another project for the art curator -- Ojeikere was a close friend , and the duo had been collaborating on the monograph up until his untimely passing in February . "  I had a very close relationship with ` Pa Ojeikere , ' as we call him here , " says Silva , who turned to crowdfunding platform Kickstarter to raise funds for publishing the book . "  I used to speak to him at least once a week . " Silva recalls Ojeikere 's passion and enthusiasm for the project and , holding it close to her heart , she says she 's determined to finish what they had started together . "  He was really dynamic , really passionate about photography and there was so much to learn in his archive . Over the last five years , we became friends . He was like a father to me . "  It was just such a big shock that he passed away . That he would n't see the book he was extremely excited about . " Documenting independence Born in a small rural village in West Nigeria in 1930 , Ojeikere would become one of Nigeria 's most celebrated artists . For over 60 years , the master photographer fastidiously immersed himself in capturing his homeland , documenting every facet of daily life . His many photographs would come together to create a striking anthropological study of Nigeria . The 1950s saw a young Ojeikere searching for a vocation . Rejected by the army , it was an uncle who inadvertently put him on a lifelong journey by suggesting photography . Starting small , the untrained amateur would photograph women in his village as they donned their Sunday best and headed to church . Later on , Ojeikere got a job as a darkroom assistant at the Nigerian Ministry of Information . When he was n't working , he was often found at the local university , snapping moments between students , staff and events on campus -- once again capturing daily life on film . The country was moving toward a time of social change and political upheaval and Ojeikere explored this through his lens . "  You 're getting a sort of history of Nigeria at a very important , transitional period , just on the cusp of independence , " says Silva . "  And just after independence -LSB- in 1960 -RSB- , when there is a feeling of euphoria , feeling of liberation , the sense of ` now we can conquer the world , we can develop the nation ; we are free , we are independent . ' "  And this all comes out in the way in which individuals and people presented themselves . It 's like : ` Look at me . I 'm fashionable , I 'm modern , I 'm confident , I 'm educated . I 'm a professional . ' All these images amount to a visual image of Nigeria in the 50s , 60s and 70s . " Not just hair Ojeikere 's next job was working for the national television station , a career move that enabled him to rub shoulders with other creative minds . This is when he started to take photographs with more artistic intent , explains Silva . "  He started coming into contact other artists , filmmakers , writers and that 's why as he developed , the artistic intent as opposed to the anthropological intent began to develop . When we finally get to ` Hairstyles , ' they are actually done in a very specific manner . It was n't someone on the street . It was in a studio with a specific lighting , with a specific position . " The "  Hairstyles " series , for which he is so critically acclaimed , features over 1,000 photographs of Nigerian styles since 1954 . But for Silva , his work documenting traditional Nigerian headgear and the country 's architecture , as well as his studio portrait work , must be examined alongside "  Hairstyles " to fully comprehend Ojeikere 's legacy . The images communicate a transition from the normal photographs depicting Africa , says Silva . "  The images we are used to seeing of Africa -- they gave a one dimensional perspective of a race , of a nation , of a people . It 's been a herculean work to bring this publication together . " Final tributes Silva 's monograph is just one tribute to Ojeikere . Nigerian filmmaker Tam Fiofori recently released "  J.D. ` Okhai Ojeikere : Master Photographer , " a documentary capturing the final year of the artist 's life . Elsewhere , an exhibition of "  Hairstyles " is currently shown across the UK . Curated by Gillian Fox , it is the first time audiences in the country are having the chance to view Nigeria from this perspective . "  As a Nigerian , he wanted to document that moment in Nigeria when it was a time of colonial rule changing over to democracy , " says Fox . "  He was keen in the wake of modernization to capture something that was quite intrinsic to his culture , his nation and he saw the rate of change that was happening and he thought hairstyles were fascinating and an art form in their own right , " she continues . "  They were something that should be preserved because the thing about a hairstyle is that they are really ephemeral . " She adds : "  I think it was a love letter to his country . He used photography which is a very modern medium to document these moments of social change . " Click through the gallery above to explore some of Ojeikere 's iconic photographs .	Ojeikere was a Nigerian photographer who passed away in February Throughout his life , he took thousands of pictures cataloging the changing times of his nation Monograph from Centre for Contemporary Art , Lagos will showcase the work
Billionaire Petro Poroshenko leads all candidates with 54 % of the vote counted in Ukraine 's presidential election , the Central Elections Commission reported Monday . He declared victory a day earlier , following preliminary exit polls that suggested he had secured a majority of the vote . His closest challenger , Yulia Tymoshenko , a former Ukrainian prime minister and the leader of the Batkivshchyna party , conceded the election after exit polls showed her with 13 % of the vote , which matched Monday 's early official tally . Poroshenko , a candy tycoon known as the "  Chocolate King , " is also a seasoned politician known for his pro-European Union views . At a news conference in Kiev , he reiterated that European integration would be his priority . He added that in Sunday 's vote , the President and the whole of Ukraine had changed . He said Russia needs to participate in bringing peace to eastern Ukraine . Voters were picking a successor to the ousted pro-Moscow President , Viktor Yanukovych , in a country torn apart by Russia 's takeover of Ukraine 's Crimea peninsula and a bloody conflict involving pro-Russia factions . The unrest has centered in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions , where separatists have claimed independence after a disputed referendum this month -- and many there did not get to cast ballots Sunday . Reports from the region indicated that perhaps 75 % of polling stations were closed , according to regional officials . More violence was reported overnight as authorities suspended flights at Donetsk airport after separatist gunmen stormed the terminal building , airport spokesman Dmitriy Kosinov said Monday . Ukraine military forces moved in by air and on the ground and gunbattles broke out . From the city , smoke could be seen rising from the airport . Intimidation in Eastern Ukraine Increasing violence in the east has led the authorities in Kiev to accuse Russia , which they say is backing the armed separatists , of seeking to disrupt the vote . Russia denies having direct influence over the militants , and Russian President Vladimir Putin has said he will respect Ukrainians ' choice in the election . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov reiterated that stance Monday during a news conference in Moscow . But Lavrov also said Russia hopes that the new president will put an end to all "  extremist activities " in eastern Ukraine and end the anti-terrorist operation in the eastern regions . Amid heightened tensions , instances of intimidation in eastern Ukraine appeared widespread . A large separatist rally was held in a central Donetsk city square around lunchtime Sunday . The protesters , who chanted pro-Russia slogans as they were addressed by separatist leaders , were joined by a substantial number of militants on trucks , some firing guns into the air . On the back of some of the trucks were armed men who appeared to be Chechen . Two told a CNN team they were from the Chechen capital , Grozny , and one indicated that he was formerly a policemen in Chechnya and was in Donetsk to serve the Russian Federation . The men , who as Chechens are Russian citizens , said they were there as "  volunteers . " But if their accounts were true , their presence in Donetsk would appear to indicate some kind of acquiescence by the Russian government at the least . Residents of Ukraine 's southeastern city of Mariupol saw new billboards on the streets Sunday urging them not to cast their ballots . The billboards were not at those locations the night before , residents said . Also in Mariupol , people talked on social media about being asked by local Russia supporters to boycott the election . The city is one of several where deadly clashes have erupted in recent weeks . The self-declared mayor of rebel stronghold Slovyansk , Vyacheslav Ponomaryov , has said that anyone who tried to vote there would be arrested . Also , an Italian journalist was killed Saturday near the flashpoint town , the Italian Foreign Ministry announced Sunday . The man , named as Andrea Rocchelli , was killed along with a Russian citizen , the ministry said . Reports suggested there had been mortar fire in the Slovyansk area . International monitors Besides the presidential race , candidates were also running in municipal elections in some cities . The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe deployed 900 observers for the election , the largest such mission in its history . At a news conference Monday , OSCE Parliamentary President Joao Soares said the election was fair and represented the will of the Ukrainian people , despite major problems in two eastern provinces . He said the election sent a message to the pro-Russia militants : "  You can not win by breaking the rules . " Oleksandr Turchynov , Ukraine 's acting President , called the polls open and transparent . "  The voting was free , without artificial restrictions and administrative pressure , " Turchynov said in a statement . U.S. President Barack Obama congratulated Ukrainians for casting their ballots Sunday and criticized Russia-backed separatists , whom he accused of trying to block voting . "  Despite provocations and violence , millions of Ukrainians went to the polls throughout the country , and even in parts of eastern Ukraine , where Russian-backed separatist groups sought to disenfranchise entire regions , some courageous Ukrainians still were able to cast their ballots , " he said in a written statement . "  We commend the resolve of all those who participated , as well as the efforts of the Ukrainian government to conduct these elections in the face of those threats . " But Russia 's Lavrov offered a different view Monday , saying that not all candidates were given an equal opportunity to present themselves to the nation and campaign properly . He said many even faced threats to their lives , and others were assaulted . Ukraine 's ` Chocolate King ' aims for top job Opinion : Free elections good for Ukraine , but could be bad for Putin Putin 's 48 hours in St. Petersburg	Poroshenko says Russia needs to help bring peace to eastern Ukraine Russian FM Lavrov says Russia respects choice but has some concerns about vote Gunbattles break out at Donetsk airport as troops try to clear out separatist gunmen
Just how bad is the drought in California ? It 's so bad , that in some extreme cases , thieves are stealing water . A father and daughter living off a water tank in the Central Valley report being ripped off eight times -- 2,500 gallons disappeared . That meant no showers -- and no toilet flushing . The lack of rain has pushed most of California into extreme or exceptional drought , the two worst levels , according to the U.S. Drought Monitor . In most of California 's major reservoirs , the water supplies that sustain many communities are less than half full . With water sources drying up , farmers are looking for underground springs to support their livelihoods . Steve Arthur works in California 's San Joaquin Valley , drilling for water wells on drought-ravaged farms and ranches . "  It 's just going crazy ; people are starting to panic , " said Arthur , the owner of Arthur & Orum Well Drilling Inc. . Arthur said he is now drilling three times as many water wells . "  You go to the city , and some people do n't know there 's a drought , " he told CNN . "  Then they pay more for their milk , and they realize this drought is making it more expensive for these poor farmers to put food on your table . " It 's a problem that extends well beyond agriculturally rich California . The U.S. Department of Agriculture predicts some meat and produce prices will rise as much as 6 % as farmers pay more money to water crops and feed livestock . Earlier this year , beef prices hit a record high , and milk , butter , eggs , fruit and vegetables were also on the rise as the drought continued to ravage farms . Avocados could increase as much as 35 cents each , lettuce could increase up to 62 cents per head , and tomatoes could jump by 45 cents , up to $ 2.84 per pound , according to an analysis by professor Timothy Richards of Arizona State University 's W.P. Carey School of Business . The fast-food chains Chipotle and In-N-Out Burger have already raised prices , partly blaming the drought . Graphic : Breakfast takes a big bite out of your wallet Mandatory and voluntary water conservation programs have been implemented throughout the West . Some cities have restricted residential water use , shut off public fountains and even let the grass in parks die . In mid-July , California officials approved statewide emergency water restrictions . The restrictions go into effect Friday , and infractions could bring fines of $ 500 per day . In California and beyond , shrinking lakes show just how bad things are . It 's an inverse ripple effect -- the fresh water keeps draining , sucking down with it tourism business . Kern River Outfitters shut down its entire rafting operation this year because attempting to paddle downstream would have been a dangerous , futile effort over exposed Kern River rocks . "  The California drought has reduced projected Kern River flows to a level that is inadequate to run the top-quality rafting trips our guests expect , " the company 's website says . At many lakes , now landlocked boat docks are upward hikes from the water . Campers Ed and Barbie Perkins sat in lawn chairs just 3 feet from the shore of California 's Lake Nacimiento , which has receded to 81 % of its capacity . "  Normally we 'd be way under water , " Barbie Perkins said from their campsite . "  You would be able to drive your boat here . You would not be camping down here . " In Nevada , Lake Mead is at its lowest level since the dam was built in the 1930s . The lake supplies water to parts of Nevada , Arizona , Southern California and northern Mexico , and the supply is disappearing . "  I think it 's important for people to realize water is a finite resource , " said Rose Davis , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation , Lower Colorado Region . "  When you turn on the tap , it does not just magically appear . It has to come from the Colorado River . " In Santa Barbara , California , a program to reduce or stop watering in public parks has turned once pool-table green swatches of lawn along the waterfront into patches that look more like burlap . At Hearst Castle in San Simeon , the iconic Neptune Pool sits empty . Sparkling blue water has given way to a skateboarders ' dreamland and a reminder of horrific drought .	California drought having ramifications beyond the state Meat and produce prices are on the rise as a result Mandatory and voluntary conservation water programs being implemented in West Tourism businesses also are taking a hit
Washington  CNN  -- As the country goes into the weekend with the government shut down and neither side talking , there seems to be little hope for breaking the impasse any time soon . And with the days ticking down toward the moment the country runs out of options to meet its debt obligations , the head-butting over funding the government might force Congress to try to work out a deal to get it running again and raise the debt ceiling at the same time . CNN Chief National Correspondent John King and Chief Political Correspondent Candy Crowley were asked about the state of play as we end a tumultuous week as well what next week might look like . Q : CNN and others reported that House Speaker John Boehner said to Republicans in private meetings that he will get something passed to avoid defaulting on the U.S. financial obligations , even if it takes putting something together that would attract Democrats . Did he blink ? John King : His top aides are saying there 's no dramatic shift here . But the speaker 's meeting in small groups with rank-and-file lawmakers . John Boehner knows when he goes into a meeting like that it 's going to leak out . What is he doing ? He 's sending an early signal that , ladies and gentlemen of the Republican caucus , ` we are not going to be part of defaulting . ' His obituary is already going to read he was the leader of a bizarre three-ring circus on Capitol Hill . He does n't want to say he was the speaker when the government for the first time defaulted . There 's still a huge question of how you get there , though , because the speaker will continue to insist no raising the debt ceiling without getting something from the administration -- on spending cuts , on spending levels , on reforms in the most expensive government programs . And the president , of course , is on the record saying ' I wo n't negotiate . ' You can reconcile those two positions by doing it in a couple of sequenced steps . It 's an optimistic statement from the speaker that we wo n't default , but getting from "  A " to the finish line is still complicated . READ MORE : House Republicans say shutdown likely to drag on Q : Are we talking about a grand bargain again ? It 's hard to believe that could happen this time around -- things have gone from bad to worse in terms of relations between these two parties ? King : Sometimes at the bleakest moment is when something can be pulled -- a rabbit you pull out of a hat , if you will . However , when you talk to people in both parties and top aides close to all of the people involved , from the White House to the Republicans and the Democrats on Capitol Hill , most just do n't see an environment because of the distrust , because of the looming political calendar of 2014 for a big grand bargain that does Medicare , Social Security , tax reform , other entitlements , other spending cuts in the government . Is there a possibility of a smaller bargain that gets some of the things Republicans want in terms of savings in Medicare and Social Security , some other spending cuts ? That is possible in these separate budget agreements . The question is can you get the government re-opened , raise the debt ceiling and then do those things ? Will the Republicans trust the Democrats to do that ? Or because of the suspicions , will you have the revolt ? A lot of the fight has been about strategy and many people will say that 's their frustration with Washington , they 're more concerned about the political win rather than the ramifications and the ripple effect on the economy and the country . But the reality is it is about strategy . Q : Mitch McConnell 's and Rand Paul 's hot mic moment was instructive in showing the disconnect between what they are supposed to be doing and what they want to be doing . What does it mean to you to overhear this ? Crowley : It certainly is a signal to the House . We had heard Rand Paul say publicly ` we 're not going to be able to get rid of Obamacare . ' But it 's a great starting position . We have had , in particular in the Senate , a lot of Republican senators saying shutting down the government is a bad idea , it wo n't work for Republicans politically . This tells me that they are in a position that the Senate does n't want to be in . It tells me that they are hearing privately and publicly from the president ` no negotiations , ' which probably is more troublesome in terms of there really is n't anything going on . We kept thinking there was -- that maybe somewhere people were talking about a compromise and clearly that 's not happening . So , what Republicans believe is that that particular stance -- we 're not going to negotiate on anything -- is not going to survive the test of public will . So far , what we see is Republicans are taking the bulk of the blame . We 'll see if that shifts . Q : Why is Boehner not bringing up this vote for a resolution ? What do you believe is behind it ? Is he not doing this because he 's worried about losing face or his job ? Why is there no vote ? Crowley : I want to put something -- not particularly in this conversation -- but something we do n't discuss all the time but that is there may not be the votes there . I talked to Nancy Pelosi a couple weeks ago , and I said , ` Do you like the CR ? I mean , if the House put -- if Boehner -- put just a straight old temporary spending resolution , do you like it ? ' She said , ` No . There 's too many cuts in it . ' There are Democrats who do n't like the CR , even plain without anything attached to it . There are Republicans that are always going to vote against it because it does n't do anything about Obamacare , should a clean CR come up . There may not be the votes at the moment . Having said that , certainly the main impetus is that his caucus is not with him at this point . I would also suggest it 's not just the 35 or 40 in the tea party caucus . They have been pretty good at holding together . This is more than 40 congressmen at this point . Now we 're beginning to see some fractures and maybe a dozen House Republicans looking for a way out , but they 've held force with not just the tea party , although it does seem tea party driven , obviously . Q : On the debt ceiling , what are you hearing -- on the one hand , Rep. Steve King says it 's not that big a deal , that it 's false demagoguery . On the other , Boehner says he wo n't let the country default on its obligations . Do they get that this is a big deal ? Crowley : I 'm hearing nobody wants to find out . The debt ceiling really has been , from economists to a number of folks on Capitol Hill , they just look at it and say , this really would be disaster on the U.S. economy , on the world economy . Even those who say , ' I do n't know because I 'm not an economist , ' say , ' I do n't want to find out . ' What we 're hearing from Boehner I think certainly substantiates all of that . This is not something that he 's going to allow to happen , even if it means he has to rely on Democratic votes . That 's something for the Republican speaker of the House to say : "  Even if I have to get Democrats to do it , we 're not going to allow the debt ceiling not to go up . "	Boehner "  leak " was a signal to his caucus that he 's not going to be the one to put country into default Atmosphere in Washington is too toxic to hope for a "  grand bargain " It 's possible that Boehner might not get enough Democratic votes even if he drops GOP demands
CNN  Maj. Mariam Al Mansouri may be ISIS ' worst nightmare . The first female fighter pilot in the United Arab Emirates , she led a strike mission this week against the terror group , that country 's ambassador to the United States said Thursday . "  She is  a  fully qualified , highly trained , combat ready pilot , and she led the mission , " Yousef Al Otaiba told MSNBC 's "  Morning Joe . " The UAE has joined the United States and a handful of other Arab nations in conducting airstrikes against ISIS in Syria . This summer , the group declared the establishment of a "  caliphate , " an Islamic state stretching across the territory it has conquered . It maintains strict rules for women , who are lashed for infractions such as not being fully covered . Al Otaiba said the campaign against ISIS basically boils down to the question of what type of society one wants . "  It 's important for us -- moderate Arabs , moderate Muslims -- to step up and say this is a threat against us . This is more of a threat against us than it is against you . This is not just a threat to our countries . This is a threat to our way of life , " the ambassador told MSNBC . CNN spoke to Al Mansouri earlier this year about her work . She had wanted to be a fighter pilot since she finished high school , but had to wait until women were allowed . "  At that time , the doors were not open for females to be pilots . So I had to wait almost 10 years for the decision to be taken , " Al Mansouri said . She stressed there 's no difference between men and women when it comes to defending their country . "  We are in a hot area so that we have to prepare every citizen , " Al Mansouri said . "  Of course , everybody is responsible of defending their country -- male or female . When the time will come , everybody will jump in . " Complete coverage on ISIS CNN 's Becky Anderson contributed to this report .	Maj. Mariam Al Mansouri led a strike mission this week , ambassador says "  She is  a  fully qualified , highly trained , combat ready pilot " Al Mansouri had wanted to be a fighter pilot since her teens
Sendai , Japan  CNN  -- Wednesday broke in Japan with news of a new blaze at the damaged nuclear plant that crews have struggled to control since last week 's devastating earthquake and tsunami , adding to radiation fears in a country racing to avoid a full-on nuclear crisis . The fire was discovered Wednesday morning in the northwestern corner of the No. 4 reactor building at the Fukushima Daiichi plant , an official with Tokyo Electric Power Company told reporters . It was the latest setback for a country struggling to dig its way out of the wreckage wrought by last week 's earthquake and tsunami . At least 3,676 people have died , the National Police Agency said Wednesday morning . Another 7,558 people are missing and 1,990 were injured , it said . Shell-shocked survivors huddled in cramped shelters , grieved over lost loved ones and worried about relatives who are missing across villages and towns inundated by the tsunami waves spawned by Friday 's 9.0-magnitude quake off the east coast of Honshu . Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan has called the disaster the country 's worst crisis since World War II , and one firm says that the earthquake and tsunami are likely to surpass Hurricane Katrina as the most expensive disaster in history . Stocks in Japan opened higher Wednesday morning , one day after the nation 's main market index suffered one of its biggest drops on record . Tuesday , the Asian economic powerhouse reeled as stocks plummeted , sending shock waves through global markets . "  The scale of this event has taken everyone by surprise , " said Patrick Fuller , a Red Cross spokesman . "  It 's stretched resources to the max . " The latest fire at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in northeastern Japan comes one day after another fire there and an explosion at the plant 's No. 2 reactor . Radiation level readings spiked at the building gate during the first fire but went down after the blaze was extinguished . Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said amounts returned to a level that would not cause "  harm to human health . " Radiation levels in Tokyo were twice the usual level Tuesday , but they were too negligible to pose a health threat , officials said . But Japanese authorities could not rule out the possibility of a meltdown at the troubled reactors . While sea water was being pumped into the reactors in an effort to prevent further damage , "  it can not necessarily be called a stable situation , " Edano had said Tuesday . A meltdown occurs when nuclear fuel rods can not be cooled , thus melting the reactor core and causing a release of radioactivity . In the worst-case scenario , the fuel can spill out of the containment unit and spread toxic radioactivity through the air and water . That , public health officials say , can cause both immediate and long-term health problems , including radiation poisoning and cancer . The plant 's owners have taken precautions to protect the people in Fukushima Prefecture , where the reactors sit . The plant is about 138 miles  225 kilometers  from Tokyo . They evacuated all but about 50 workers from the facility and urged people within 18.6 miles  30 kilometers  of the plant to remain indoors . The government imposed a no-fly zone over the 30-kilometer radius "  because of detected radiation after explosions " there , the country 's transportation ministry said . Edano said analysts also have their eyes on reactors No. 5 and 6 at the plant , where cooling systems were n't functioning well , though the temperature had dropped slightly Tuesday . Concerns about hot radioactive fuel boiling off cooling water and catching on fire continued into Wednesday , with plant operators and government officials considering a plan to use helicopters to drop water into the cooling pond through the damaged roof of the reactor building , according to a Kyodo News report . For many across Japan , calming jittery nerves is becoming increasingly difficult as the situation at the damaged facility looks increasingly dire . "  I think , from a sanity standpoint , I 'm trying to side with the cool-headed point of view because I do n't want to think about the possibly of a full-blown meltdown , " said Osaki resident Tyler Martin . "  So far , the winds are blowing north-northeast , so if a lot of radiation leaks , Tokyo should n't get a lot of the exposure , " said Robert F. Mendel , who lives in suburban Tokyo . "  Of course , if the winds change , that 's a different story . We 've been advised to wear long sleeves , a cap , a surgical mask to reduce the amount of exposure -- that is , cover as much skin as possible . " Across the country , emergency workers from Japan , foreign governments and international aid groups continued to scour tangled and displaced piles of debris , searching for survivors . Ninety-one countries and regions and six international organizations have offered assistance , according to the Japanese foreign affairs ministry . Public broadcaster NHK reported that 450,000 people were living in shelters , and many schools had turned into emergency shelters . In the area of Sendai , the capital of Miyagi Prefecture , several tractor-trailers with cars on top had flipped over . Personal belongings -- a child 's doll , an empty shoe , wedding photos covered in mud -- lay in heaps where houses once stood . Cold weather has increased the hardship for disaster victims and rescuers . Rescuers report that some victims have been exposed to cold weather and water , in some cases for days . Conditions are expected to worsen , with temperatures forecast to drop below freezing by Wednesday across portions of the earthquake zone , accompanied by snow , heavy rain and the threat of mudslides . Already in Sendai , cold rain and sleet fell on the decimated city Tuesday , and snow fell in parts of northeastern Japan . Rescue work is also being complicated by the hundreds of aftershocks that have rocked Japan since Friday 's quake . The U.S. Geological Survey reported Tuesday at least three quakes with magnitudes of 6.0 or greater , and more than a dozen others greater than 5.0 or greater . Experts predict that the earthquake and tsunami will rank among the costliest natural disasters on record . Jayanta Guin , senior vice president of research and modeling for AIR Worldwide , said it is clear that the total losses will "  be far greater than we experienced in Katrina . " That 2005 hurricane , which devastated New Orleans and the U.S. Gulf Coast , had estimated losses of $ 125 billion , according to the Insurance Information Institute . While agencies are working to raise money , donations have been slow to come . The Chronicle of Philanthropy , a newspaper covering nonprofit organizations , says donations to nonprofit organizations have reached about $ 25 million so far . The total is far below the first four-day totals of other recent natural disasters , including Hurricane Katrina and the crisis in Haiti , it said . Wide-scale economic problems also loom . Japanese stocks closed down 10.55 % Tuesday , the third steepest percentage fall in the Nikkei 's history . That was on top of a 6.2 % drop Monday , the first full trading day after the quake . Wednesday , the Nikkei 225 index , the most prominent measure of Tokyo market stocks , rose 520 points , or 6 % , shortly after the market opened . All three of the major U.S. stock indexes closed down about 1.2 % Tuesday , after plunging much deeper earlier in the day on fears of the Japanese economic downturn . Friday 's quake was the strongest in recorded history to hit Japan , according to USGS records that date to 1900 . The USGS revised the magnitude of the quake from 8.9 to 9.0 on Monday . CNN 's Gary Tuchman , Anna Coren , Jill Dougherty , Kyung Lah , Anderson Cooper , Paula Hancocks , Dean Irvine , Stan Grant , Kevin Voigt , Jaime FlorCruz , Sean Morris , Holly Yan and Alanne Orjoux contributed to this report .	NEW : More than 11,000 are dead or missing in the wake of the disaster A new fire is discovered at the Fukushima Daiichi plant A fire and explosion Tuesday at the nuclear plant led to temporary radiation spike One company says the disaster could be the most expensive in history
CNN  -- When Mitt Romney asked his staff why all the applicants for cabinet positions seemed to be men , as he recounted in the presidential debate Tuesday night , he was apparently told that only men had "  the qualifications . " That is obviously not true . But this story , as well as , of course , the infamous "  binders " comment , provide a good opportunity to talk about women 's issues beyond the two perennials , abortion and contraception . As we near the end of 2012 , our society still struggles with women 's full integration into the workforce and men 's full participation on the home front . Indeed , Romney 's comments illustrate the continued superficial treatment these issues receive , not only by many political leaders , but also by society as a whole . Let 's look at , for example , some basic -- yet wrong -- assumptions about women 's qualifications for high-level positions . Women 's college graduation rates now surpass those of men . For the past decade , women have outnumbered men in law school admissions . More than 50 % of those in management and professional specialties are women . And similar trends are evident in secondary education , the professoriate , and college and university administrations . Many Massachusetts women held appropriate credentials . Politics : Obama , Romney equal on gender pay inequality So , why did n't these women appear on Romney 's radar screen until after the organizers of MassGap supplied the now-derided binders ? Perhaps the administration held the common view that women suitable for leadership positions are exceptional or rare . Maybe they thought that women have so many competing obligations that they would not be available for high-level political jobs . Maybe the Romney inner circle recruited only from its own male-dominated ranks . Whatever the reasons , women 's full integration into the workforce was an afterthought . The "  binders " comment also touched on the stickiness of traditional gender roles . Romney said he "  recognized that if you 're going to have women in the workforce that sometimes you need to be more flexible . " His example of flexibility , however , was allowing his chief of staff to "  get home at 5 " to make dinner for her family and be with her children . He stopped short of saying it directly , but Romney appears to hold a common belief that women can best be integrated into the workforce if they are still able to fulfill their duties as wives and mothers . Women 's rights organizations fought for decades to dismantle laws that limited women 's abilities to compete for jobs . And they succeeded . But informal restrictions still limit women 's success , because the progress in the workplace has not been met by any similar shift on the home front . Politics : Romney in a bind over ` binders of women ' comment A 2011 national survey of thousands of lawyers , business leaders , educators and political activists , for example , revealed that women and men tend to assume traditional gender roles . The report showed that in families where both adults worked  generally in high-level careers  , women were roughly six times more likely than men to handle most household tasks , and about 10 times more likely to be the primary childcare provider . As long as workplace flexibility is viewed as a "  female thing , " then it 's likely that cooking dinner will be viewed that way , too . Romney 's casual comment reflects an assumption that women who work outside the home do so as an "  add on " to family responsibilities . The "  second shift " that characterized the distribution of household labor for women in the 1990s is obviously still alive and well . In fact , a substantial , multidisciplinary literature affirms the challenges of work/family balance that professional women face . Hundreds of studies have analyzed the programs and policies that work best to ameliorate these difficult circumstances . The mere existence of this burgeoning literature shows that balancing family roles with professional responsibilities is part of the bargain for contemporary women . It 's simply the new normal . And it does n't involve any shift in behavior by men . Opinion : Romney 's empty ` binders full of women ' Finally , Romney 's comments embody the faulty assumption that adding some female faces to a group or organization is all you need for full integration and representation . But it 's only the first step . Leaders must continue to develop and promote policies that allow women equal access to the workplace . That a presidential candidate in 2012 can utter such superficial answers to a serious question about women 's economic equity and autonomy reveals a lack of serious thought about issues of substantive importance to women . It also demonstrates a lack of commitment to the change necessary to allow women and men to lead fully integrated professional and personal lives . Poll : What are the most important women 's issues ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kathleen Dolan and Jennifer L. Lawless .	Writers : Romney 's story about finding qualified women shows old ideas on working women Women are ahead in college degrees , many fields . Why not on Romney 's radar ? They say his view of ` workplace flexibility ' is for women to get home to "  second shift " Writers : Comments show little understanding , serious thought on workplace equity for women
CNN  -- Almost a year has passed since Tiffany Hartley 's husband was shot and killed while on a personal watercraft on Falcon Lake , which sits on the border and is shared between Texas and Mexico . Now she has sued the State Department , the Justice Department and the FBI in an attempt to get answers about what happened that day and why no one has been brought to justice in the killing of David Hartley . It is believed that he was shot by members of the Zetas drug cartel , but no one has been arrested or even named as a suspect in his death . With the help of Judicial Watch , an organization dedicated to investigating corruption , Tiffany Hartley filed the three freedom of information act lawsuits Friday . "  We are just requesting information , anything regarding our case , " she told CNN affiliate KRGV on Monday . "  It 's a disgrace that as a wife and as a victim who was there , to not release anything . " David Hartley 's mother , Sue Hartley , said the family was desperate for any information from the investigation . "  I think they 've shut the door on finding David . I 'm still begging for help , " she said . Tiffany Hartley spoke Monday after testifying at a congressional field hearing in Brownsville , Texas . She recounted the story of how , ahead of a move back to Colorado from the Rio Grande Valley of Texas , the couple decided to enjoy Falcon Lake one last time . The crossed the lake on their Sea-Doo personal watercraft into Mexican waters , to the submerged ruins at Viejo Guerrero . It was on their way back to the U.S. side of the lake that armed men started shooting at them , she said . David Hartley was shot in the head , and Tiffany Hartley was unable to retrieve his body as the bullets kept coming . "  It 's only by the grace of God that I am here today , " she testified . Her information requests to the government agencies were simply an attempt to get information that she was n't getting from investigators on either side of the border . A Mexican investigation to look for the body and find the killers dried up after the lead investigator was found decapitated . Early on , authorities surmised the couple had stumbled into the middle of a drug transaction , as the area is widely known as a Mexican drug cartel 's stomping ground . Zapata County Sheriff Sigi Gonzalez said there were reports of fishermen on the lake being warned away from the Mexican side as long as a year before Hartley 's shooting . Gonzalez , who patrols the Falcon Lake area , testified that he knew the names of people who were possibly among the shooters and had information on where the orders to shoot came from . Unfortunately , he said , Mexican officials have not moved forward with anything . "  The men who murdered David are right across the river . They are n't in Afghanistan ; they are n't in Iraq . They 're in our own backyard . The cartel members are taking over Mexico , and they are killing anyone who gets in their way , " Tiffany Hartley said .	Tiffany Hartley is suing for information about her husband 's death David Hartley was killed on the Mexican side of Falcon Lake last year The widow testified at a Congressional field hearing
EW.com  -- This fast and airy thriller about a team of four magicians is an engagingly preposterous high-wire act . It never stops moving  the camerawork , dialogue , and plot twists keep rushing at you  , and it 's exceedingly clever  $ " at least when it bothers to make sense , which is about two-thirds of the time . The film stars Jesse Eisenberg as an arrogant card sharp , Woody Harrelson as a mentalist who can divine anyone 's secrets , Isla Fisher as a lady-vixen David Copperfield , and Dave Franco as a wizardly thief . A mysterious leader brings the four of them together to do a high-powered Las Vegas act that climaxes in amazing on-stage bank thefts . Which is why a testy FBI agent  Mark Ruffalo  is soon on their trail . The agent gets teamed with a French Interpol officer  M  lanie Laurent  he ca n't stop flirtatiously fighting with , but his real battle is with the demon-prank illusionists whose every move is destined to outwit him . At times , "  Now You See Me " suggests Christopher Nolan 's "  The Prestige " made with a throwaway wink . The actors , including Morgan Freeman as an anti-showman devoted to revealing the magicians ' secrets , look like they 're having so much fun that you can forgive the periodic arbitrariness of it all . Grade : B See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jesse Eisenberg , Woody Harrelson , Isla Fisher and Dave Franco are magicians in the film The group also pull off some big bank heists EW says it looks like the cast is having fun
CNN  -- Two late goals from Robin van Persie and Andrey Arshavin gave Arsenal a 2-1 win over Spanish champions Barcelona in their last 16 , first leg tie at the Emirates Wednesday night . Barcelona led through a 26th minute goal from David Villa and might have added to their tally as Lionel Messi endured a frustrating night . But Dutch international van Persie , who had threatened to score in the first half , latched on to a pass from Gael Clichy and beat Victor Valdes at his near post for a 78th minute equalizer . Arshavin capped a dream comeback for Arsene Wenger 's men with a curling shot past Valdes five minutes later after the ball had been perfectly laid into his path by Samir Nasri . Messi , who missed a gilt-edged opening early in the first half , was crowded out by desperate Arsenal defense as Barca pushed for an equalizer , but to no avail . "  It was a great game betweeen two special teams , " Wenger told ITV Sport . "  We suffered for some spells in the game but never gave up , " he added . His Barcelona counterpart Pep Guardiola believes his men will emerge on top after the second leg on their home ground . "  I think we more or less controlled the game and we just need to create the chances we did tonight in the Nou Camp and then take them . "  It will be an open game I am sure . Yes we have lost tonight , but we still have the second leg , " he said . Guardiola may well have been referring to his talisman Messi , who burst through with a typical run after a bright opening by the home side . The Argentina ace looked certain to score but sent his chipped effort just wide . Van Persie had seen his volleyed effort saved by Valdes and came within a whisker of heading home a Cesc Fabregas cross , only for Eric Abidal to make a timely interception . But in the next attack , Barcelona were ahead as Messi played in Villa to score neatly . A Messi header was disallowed for a marginal offside decision and he shot into the side netting after another typical burst into the penalty area , but Arsenal were also a threat going forward in an open game . The prolific Van Persie scored his 13th goal of an injury-truncated season and Arshavin 's winner , after a flowing Arsenal move reminiscent of Barcelona at their best , capped a memorable night for the Gunners . In Wednesday 's other Champions League action , Ukraine 's Shakhtar Donetsk scored a 3-2 win over AS Roma in the Italian capital to take a firm grip on the last 16 tie . Simone Perrotta put Roma ahead but then Brazilian trio Jadson , Douglas Costa and Luiz Adriano all scored for Shakhtar in a 12-minute spell . Jeremy Menez 's second half goal gave Roma some late hope for the return tie , but they were jeered off by their fans . "  Roma live under great pressure , I do n't understand the fans ' jeers , it 's tough to play under these conditions , " Shakhtar 's Romanian coach Mircea Lucescu told AFP .	Arsenal beat Barcelona 2-1 at the Emirates in Champions League last 16 tie Goals from Robin van Persie and Andrey Arshavin give Gunners come from behind win David Villa put Catalian giants ahead in the 26th from a pass by Lionel Messi Shakhtar Donetsk win 3-2 at AS Roma in their first leg tie
EDGEWATER , New Jersey  CNN  -- People steadily file into movie theater No. 4 , but they 're not carrying buckets of popcorn or soda -- instead , it 's Bibles and coffee . Worshippers sing at Joy Christian Fellowship , which meets at Edgewater Multiplex Cinemas in New Jersey . The sign above the double door announces "  The Proposal , " the latest Sandra Bullock movie , but there 's no romantic comedy playing on the screen -- instead , the lyrics to a Christian song fade in and out to the beat of the music : "  We are here because of you , because of you . " On this Sunday morning , the approximately 200 people on hand are n't here to watch a movie but to worship God . Some stand stoically as they sing , others sway back and forth with eyes closed , a few have their hands raised toward the ceiling . At the front of the theater below the screen is a six-piece rock band that continues to sing , "  Oh , beautiful sound . The joy of heaven here . " And it 's here -- at Edgewater Multiplex Cinemas -- where Joy Christian Fellowship has been meeting for the past two years . "  It 's not a traditional church setting , " said Danny Han , Joy Christian 's senior pastor , "  but we turn this theater auditorium into a worship place . " Reclining cushioned seats take the place of pews ; the movie screen stands in for stained glass windows . An entertainment venue has turned out to be an unconventional yet conveniently popular religious venue , attracting a new crowd of worshippers deterred by the traditional church setting . About 200 churches are renting theater space under a one-year contract with National CineMedia , a nationwide multiplex cinema chain . That 's an increase from three churches six years ago . "  The economy has had clearly a positive impact , " said Kurt Hall , the CEO of National CineMedia , about the trend of Sunday theater rentals , "  as churches have found it more difficult to raise money to build their own buildings . " It 's an alternative not only for small start-up churches that can not afford space but also for large churches seeking to set up multiple locations . The movie theater offers a perfect setting : comfortable seats , state-of-the-art audio-visual technology , central air , ample parking , and prime locations . Joy Christian Fellowship leases two theaters from National Amusements , another multiplex cinemas chain , at $ 1,000 for 31/2 hours each Sunday . National CineMedia has "  Worship Solutions " packages with negotiable rates . But what may have started as a practical and economical solution has surprisingly become a spiritual solution for boosting church attendance . Only about four in 10 Americans say they attend religious services at least once a week , according to surveys conducted in recent years by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life . In Indianapolis , Indiana , the Rev. Ethan Maple decided that since people were n't filling the church pews , he would go to them . In March he started The Movie Theater Church . "  We 're reaching out to those who have no religious background and also people who have been hurt by the traditional church setting , " Maple said . His vision is not to build a physical church but to build a church community in a comfortable and unintimidating place . "  Everyone 's gone to see a movie , and going to a theater to see worship is not a huge jump . " Courtney Gonzales said he had been in and out of churches all his life before he came to The Movie Theater Church . "  I really had n't had a permanent church home and was always feeling sort of disconnected , " he said , adding he was raised in a Catholic family but did not relate to the rituals . "  I never really felt anything was getting through to me . " As soon as he walked into the movie theater , Gonzales said , he immediately connected . "  I just felt comfortable , unlike when I had been at other churches . " Congregation members eat popcorn and drink soda while worshipping . The offering is collected in popcorn buckets . "  Sunday best " is often sneakers , jeans and an untucked T-shirt . Song lyrics and movie clips that illustrate sermon points flash across the large screen .  And during normal theater hours , church ads are included in the movie previews . "  Lots of pastors give us feedback that they 've seen an increase in church attendance because they 're in the movie theater , " said Hall from National CineMedia , which has created a team of nine people exclusively focused on church-theater relations . At The Movie Theater Church , attendance for this year 's Easter service was 268 people , up from 91 last year , Maple said . "  The numbers show that the congregation accepts this new church style . " It 's a style these churches want to keep . According to National CineMedia , 67 percent of their church clients consider the movie theater to be a permanent facility . "  We would n't go any other way , " said Chris Jarrell , a pastor National Community Church in the District of Columbia area . "  We see this as a long-term strategy . " Four of National Community Church 's five locations are movie theaters near subway stops , including the Phoenix Movie Theater on the lower level of Union Station . Watch congregants talk about having services in a cinema " However , Pastor Steve Kelly of Wave Church in Virginia said staying in a movie theater sends a certain message to the community . "  The moment you define yourself as ` We 're just going to rent this facility , ' you 're saying that you 're not necessarily here to stay , " he said . His congregation has been leasing theater space for five years while they wait for more members and money to build a facility on 31 acres of already-purchased land . Being a tenant comes with other drawbacks , such as the task of transforming the theater into a sanctuary every Sunday . Kuen Doo , a member of Joy Christian Fellowship , is in charge of setting up for the 9:30 a.m. service . His morning begins at 7:30 a.m. at a storage location , which houses 14 large black boxes on wheels that contain everything from music stands to speakers , church signs to drum set . "  It takes about an hour to load everything , come to this movie theater , unload , and help set up , " Doo said . At least 17 congregation members are devoted to setting up and breaking down each Sunday . Joy Christian Fellowship has to clear out before noon , when the matinees begin , and theater No. 4 -- along with other movie theaters nationwide -- no longer belongs to the church .	Idea appeals to small start-ups , big churches seeking to set up multiple locations At one cinema-based church , Easter attendance was up threefold from year before Pastor : Staying in a movie theater risks sending message that you wo n't stick around One big drawback : Setting up and breaking down sanctuary weekly is a lot of work
Washington  CNN  -- Attorney General Eric Holder on Tuesday rejected a GOP call to resign , telling a heated Senate hearing that Republicans were trying to score political points instead of addressing significant issues . Under attack from the outset by Republican members of the Senate Judiciary Committee , Holder rejected accusations he was stonewalling congressional investigators on the botched "  Fast and Furious " gunrunning sting operation and failing to investigate recent leaks of classified information properly . Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , leveled the harshest criticism , accusing Holder of misleading Congress over what he and other top Justice Department officials knew about the Fast and Furious program and refusing to appoint a special counsel to investigate leaked national security details in recent media reports . Holder rested his head on one hand as Cornyn recited a litany of allegations involving the attorney general 's performance . "  I 'm afraid we 've come to an impasse , " Cornyn said , adding that Holder "  violated the public trust " in his view . "  With regret , you 've left me with no choice but to join those who call for you to resign your office . " Holder responded by calling Cornyn 's list of allegations "  almost breathtaking in its inaccuracy " and said : "  I do n't have any intention of resigning . " White House spokesman Jay Carney said Monday that President Barack Obama maintains "  absolute confidence " in the attorney general , which Holder noted Tuesday . Regarding congressional demands for Fast and Furious documents , including a House committee that plans to take up a contempt measure against Holder next week , the attorney general said good-faith efforts to work with the House panel have failed to reach a deal . "  The desire here is not for accommodation but for political point-making , " Holder said , calling such behavior "  the thing that turns people off about Washington . " In what appeared to be a coordinated move , Republicans , led by Sen. John McCain of Arizona , introduced a resolution Tuesday supporting the appointment of a special counsel to investigate the classified leaks . McCain : Obama responsible for leaks At the Judiciary Committee hearing , Republican senators said Holder 's decision to appoint two U.S. attorneys to investigate , rather than a special counsel , failed to address the seriousness of the violations and represented a Democratic double standard . The issue sparked angry exchanges between senators , with Chairman Pat Leahy of Vermont and Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois , both Democrats , taking issue with arguments by Cornyn and Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , that Holder was acting improperly . In response to Democratic support for Holder on the classified leaks investigation , Graham shot back : "  If the shoe was on the other foot , you and everyone else on the other side would be crying to high heaven to appoint a special prosecutor that all of us could buy into . " Graham noted that as senators , Obama and Vice President Joe Biden had called for the appointment of a special counsel in past situations that involved Republican transgressions , such as White House leaks in the Valerie Plame case that revealed the identity of the CIA operative . Senate breaks filibuster of Obama court pick The current leaks were more serious , Graham argued , and Holder should do now what Obama and Biden had called for then . However , Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee and is a member of the judiciary panel , repeated her past contention that a special counsel 's investigation would take too long to deal with the immediate threat from classified leaks . She said she would oppose the McCain resolution , adding that Holder took the right step in naming two U.S. attorneys to investigate in addition to the FBI probe already under way . Holder told the committee that both he and FBI Director Robert Mueller had been interviewed "  because we were people who had knowledge of these matters , and we wanted to make sure that with regard to the investigation , that it began with us . " Describing his experience as "  a serious interview that was done by some serious FBI agents , " Holder said he believed about 100 interviews had been conducted so far . Holder earlier offered to negotiate with congressional leaders on turning over documents involving Fast and Furious to avoid what he said could become a constitutional crisis . He later modified his characterization of the problem to a possible constitutional conflict . "  I am prepared to make compromises with regard to the documents to be made available , " Holder said . At the same time , Holder said congressional Republicans must be open to working out an agreement . "  I 've got to have a willing partner , " Holder said . "  I 've extended my hand , and I 'm waiting to hear back . " The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee will consider the contempt measure against Holder on June 20 , a panel statement said Monday . A vote by the panel could occur that day , and the measure would then require approval from the full chamber . Monday 's announcement escalated a high-stakes , election-year face-off over what Republicans said is Holder 's failure to respond to a subpoena for Justice Department documents on the botched operation . Could Congress go from bad to worse ? The department has acknowledged the program , which allowed illegally purchased guns to "  walk " across the border into Mexico , was badly flawed . Such sting operations have now been prohibited . The department 's Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , which lost track of more than 1,000 firearms after they crossed the border , found itself under fire when two of the lost weapons turned up at the scene of the killing of U.S. Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry in December 2010 . Terry 's family has been among critics of the Justice Department 's handling of the case . On Tuesday , Sen. Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa , raised the matter in his opening statement and again in direct questioning of Holder , noting that questions remain almost a year after three whistle-blowers testified before the House Oversight and Goverment Reform Committee about gunrunning . "  Here we are , one year later , and the Terry family is still waiting for answers . They 're still waiting for justice , " Grassley said , noting assertions by House Republicans that sealed requests for wiretaps under the Fast and Furious program showed top Justice Department officials knew about the questionable operation long before so far acknowledged . Holder repeated what he told a House committee last week -- that he read the affidavits and summaries and found no incriminating information . "  You reach conclusions on the basis of hindsight , " Holder said . "  I try to put myself in the place of people actually looking at the material at the time . " Holder has testified at eight congressional hearings on Operation Fast and Furious , and he has consistently maintained that he knew nothing about the flawed tactics until early last year . The chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , said Monday that the panel wants documents that explain why Holder and the Justice Department decided months later to retract a February 4 , 2011 , letter to Congress that denied any knowledge by senior officials of improper tactics in the gunrunning sting . The Justice Department slammed the House committee 's Monday announcement , calling it "  unfortunate and unwarranted . " "  From the beginning , Chairman Issa has distorted the facts , ignored testimony and flung inaccurate accusations at the attorney general and others , and this latest move fits within that tired political playbook that has so many Americans disillusioned with Washington , " said spokeswoman Tracy Schmaler . Both Issa and the Justice Department statement said a resolution still could be reached to avoid the contempt measure . Last week , Holder assigned Ronald C. Machen Jr. , U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia and a Democratic appointee , and Rod J. Rosenstein , U.S. attorney for the District of Maryland and a holdover GOP appointee , to lead the investigations into the alleged leaks . McCain and other Republicans are insisting on a special counsel , contending that investigators within the system would face a conflict of interest in pursuing top government officials . A recent report in The New York Times provided classified details of what it described as a U.S cyberattack targeting Iran 's nuclear centrifuge program sparked the bipartisan outrage . Other recent possible leaks of classified information included details on the administration 's efforts to expand its drone program and Obama 's involvement in "  kill lists " against militants in Yemen and Pakistan . The public airing of details surrounding a recently disrupted bomb plot in Yemen by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula also angered intelligence and national security officials . Republicans noted that some articles cited sources who took part in White House meetings , which they said showed that leaks were coming from administration officials . Sen. Jon Kyl , R-Arizona , repeatedly asked Holder how two U.S. attorneys could effectively investigate top national security issues involved in White House meetings cited . Holder insisted the attorneys he named were dogged prosecutors who would follow any lead , no matter where it took them . Obama has strongly rejected claims that his White House has deliberately leaked secrets to the media , saying the idea was "  offensive " and would put Americans at risk . Graham , however , said Tuesday that the pattern of the administration was to be uncooperative on issues that might embarrass it -- such as Fast and Furious and now the classified leaks . Holder responded the administration has prosecuted classified leaks more than any previous administration . CNN 's Ted Barrett and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : GOP Sen. John Cornyn calls for Attorney General Eric Holder to resign or be replaced NEW : Holder tells Senate panel he wo n't resign A House committee says it will consider a contempt measure against Holder Republicans criticize Holder over ` Fast and Furious ' program , probe of classified leaks
Washington  CNN  -- House Republicans will require the White House to provide a detailed plan for arming and training Syrian rebels to fight ISIS in exchange for giving it the OK to carry out the mission . The provision -- which is expected to be added to a must-pass spending bill funding the government through mid-December and could face a vote as early as Wednesday in the House -- would require the Secretary of Defense to explain how the Pentagon is vetting Syrian opposition groups . The administration would need to submit its plan to Congress at least 15 days before the Pentagon begins training fighters or supplying them with weapons . Regular updates , every 90 days , would also be required . Yet another beheading . What 's the world going to do about ISIS ? The House GOP plan also makes it clear that the new authority would not include approval for any U.S. combat troops on the ground . Even though House Republicans want to put restrictions on the President 's announced plans to go after ISIS , members of both parties have also made it clear they do n't plan to stay in town to pass a formal military use of force authorization like the one approved after the 9/11 attacks in 2001 . The tug of the midterm elections is strong , despite sentiment among some lawmakers in both the House and Senate who think it 's critically important for Congress to sign off on the broader war effort . "  I think this is really serious and that it deserves our being in town and taking it up and debating it , " said Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine . Who is doing what in the coalition battle against ISIS ? The House bill approving training for the Syrian rebels would expire in mid-December , at the same time the government funding bill would need to be extended . That concerned Sen. Robert Menendez , a New Jersey Democrat who chairs the Foreign Relations Committee . "  That does n't make sense to me , " Menendez said . "  You want to send the message to the Sunni world , you want to send a message to those rebels you want to fight for you , that we 're not going to cut it off in December . " A House GOP Armed Services Committee aide told reporters that Republicans would ensure the training and weapons program would be extended past December . Senior Obama officials will testify before the Senate this week . Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Martin Dempsey will testify before the Armed Services Committee on Tuesday , and Secretary of State John Kerry will be on Capitol Hill Wednesday and Thursday . Is Obama 's plan for confronting ISIS legal ? The Senate will quickly pick up the spending bill , with the accompanying OK to arm the rebels , as soon as the House passes it , according to a Democratic leadership aide . The vote could be this week or early next week when the Senate is scheduled to adjourn until after the election . Lawmakers and senior aides predict broad bipartisan for the measure in the Senate . "  I think , by and large , you 'll see a big vote in the Congress for this , " said Sen. John Thune , R-South Dakota , the third-ranking Senate Republican said on MSNBC Monday . "  Both sides recognize something has to be done . We 've got to be aggressive . We 've got to be decisive . And we 've got to rally the world behind us . " ISIS Fast Facts However , there are numerous outspoken detractors in both parties who are critical of the proposal for a variety of reasons . Some , like Sen. Mark Kirk , R-Illinois , would prefer to debate the broader mission and have Congress vote up-or-down on whether to go to war with ISIS . In a CNN interview he blamed "  wimpishness " as a critical factor affecting his colleagues who would prefer to leave town without that tough vote . "  Congress is very risk adverse . When you put a difficult issue before senators and congressmen they do n't want to be forced to decide . In this case they should be forced to decide . We should have a vote on this mission . The American people should see their representatives in Congress make a decision on a critical national security question , " he said Others , like Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , oppose arming the rebels out of fear the weapons will fall into the wrong hands . Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , and other Senate hawks want a much more aggressive strategy to destroy ISIS than the one the President is pursuing . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid set the tone for many members of his party when he argued last week the President has the authority he needs to carry out the airstrikes underway against ISIS , and that it would be a mistake for Congress to be "  rash " in its decision making . "  We have to be deliberate in what we do , " he said . "  Let 's just not rush into things . "	The House could vote this week on the arming and training of Syrian rebels Vetted elements of Syrian opposition forces could receive equipment to fight ISIS Approval would be tied to a must-pass spending bill that expires in December Congress is about to break for the midterm election campaigning
CNN  -- Writer Kelly Marcel has been tapped to pen the screenplay to the film adaptation of "  Fifty Shades of Grey , " a wildly popular erotic novel that has sold millions of copies worldwide . The book , by British author Erika Leonard -- who writes under the pseudonym "  E L James " -- is the first in a trilogy . Universal Pictures and Focus Features acquired the rights to the books in March , and on Monday released a statement announcing Marcel 's inclusion in the project . Michael De Luca and Dana Brunetti are producing the film , along with James . On the scene : E. L. James talks ` Fifty Shaes ' with Katie Couric "  Kelly 's work demonstrates her flawless structural technique and passionate commitment to emotion , humor and depth of character which is particularly visible in the celebrated screenplay for the upcoming ` Saving Mr. Banks , ' " De Luca said in the statement . "  Saving Mr. Banks , " which is currently in production , follows Walt Disney 's 20-year effort to acquire the film rights to "  Mary Poppins . " It will star Tom Hanks , Emma Thompson and Colin Farrell . Marcel is also known for her work on the Amblin/FOX-TV series "  Terra Nova . " "  We were all taken with the depth and passion of Kelley 's engagement with the characters and world E L James has created and we knew she was the right person to augment our Fifty Shades family , " Brunetti said . "  Fifty Shades of Grey " tells the sexually colorful story of a naive young girl 's energetic trysts with a 27-year-old billionaire , who possesses , according to the author , "  singular erotic tastes . " The trilogy has been translated in 45 languages and sold more than 32 million copies in the United States alone , the statement said . ` Fifty Shades ' movie finds producers	Kelly Marcel is known for work on "  Saving Mr. Banks " and "  Terra Nova " She is praised for her "  flawless structural technique " and "  passion " The "  Fifty Shades " trilogy has been translated in 45 languages
Swat Valley , Pakistan  CNN  -- The sister of a man suspected in the shooting of Pakistani teenager Malala Yousufzai has apologized to the victim . "  Please convey a message to Malala , that I apologize for what my brother did to her , " Rehana Haleem told CNN on Sunday in an exclusive interview here about her brother , Attah Ullah Khan , 23 . "  He has brought shame on our family . We have lost everything after what he did . " Police have said they were searching for Khan and two boys , whom authorities have not identified . Since age 11 , Malala had been encouraging her fellow Pakistanis to stand up to the Taliban , who were trying to push girls from classrooms . Pakistan 's Malala : Global symbol , but still just a kid On October 9 , Malala -- who is now 15 -- was on her school van in the Taliban-held Swat Valley when thugs stopped the vehicle and jumped on board . They demanded that other girls riding identify Malala . They shot two girls , who suffered non-life-threatening injuries , and fired at Malala , striking her in the head and neck , according to officials . "  What he did was intolerable , " Haleem said . "  Malala is just like my sister . I 'd like to express my concern for Malala on behalf of my whole family ; I hope she recovers soon and returns to a happy and normal life as soon as possible . I hope Malala does n't consider me or my family as enemies . I do n't consider Atta Ullah my brother anymore . " A day after the attack , security forces searched the family 's house , seizing documents and pictures , and taking Haleem and her family to a nearby house equipped with bars on the doors and windows , she said . The officers asked where Atta Ullah was and whether his sister knew how to reach him by cell phone , but she said she told them she did not . Read more : Malala is face of global attacks on schools "  I was pregnant and sick , " she said . "  Then , finally , after a day or two , they released me and my husband and told me they were letting me go only because I was sick . " Haleem spoke to CNN from her home in Warhi Mast Malik Abad , a village on the outskirts of the city of Mingora , where the attack tookplace . After the couple were released , they returned to the house , where she gave birth to a daughter , she said . Five days later , the army again raided the house , this time taking away only her husband . Haleem said her husband , her aged mother , her uncle and another brother remain in custody . Haleem said she had little doubt that her brother was involved in the shooting . "  If he was innocent , he would have come back and claimed he was innocent and come to the aid of his mother and our family , " she said . "  His behavior is that of a guilty man . How could he abandon us ? " Read more : Malala is face of global attacks on schools Her culture considers raising a hand against a woman to be dishonorable , she said , adding , "  Let alone a man who tries to kill a woman . " Police said last month that they had arrested six men in connection with the shooting but were still searching for Khan , whom they said was pursuing his master 's degree in chemistry . Malala is recovering in a hospital in Birmingham , England . "  She is lucky to be alive , " Dr. Dave Rosser , the medical director of University Hospitals Birmingham , told reporters late last month . Read more : Pakistan to honor girls injured in Malala attack But she does not appear to have suffered significant brain damage and "  she should n't need to be in hospital for more than a few weeks , maybe a couple of months at the most , " he said . When Malala was 11 , she worked with the BBC and published a blog in 2009 detailing her struggles to attend school in Swat . In January of that year , the Taliban issued an edict ordering that no school should educate girls . After the shooting , the Taliban issued a statement online saying that , if Malala were to survive , they would attack her again . If Malala returns to Pakistan , guards will protect her and her family , Pakistan 's interior minister , Rehman Malik , has said .	"  He has brought shame on our family , " says suspect 's sister "  I do n't consider Atta Ullah my brother any more , " she adds The 23-year-old student is being sought in connection with the attack on Malala
CNN  -- The evening was supposed to be about remembering former England and West Ham captain Bobby Moore , who died 20 years ago , but in the end it was Gareth Bale who provided the memories at Upton Park with another unforgettable display . The Welshman scored twice , with his second coming in the 90th minute , as Tottenham Hotspur came from behind to win 3-2 at West Ham and move up to third in the Premier League . Bale , who has now scored eight of his team 's last ten goals in all competitions , was the main talking point at the final whistle but the game kicked off with the thoughts of England 's only World Cup-winning captain uppermost in spectators ' minds . The former defender , who died on 24 February 1993 at the age of 51 , was honored as fans and players from both clubs provided a minute 's applause , with home supporters creating a mosaic reading "  Moore 6 " in the stand named after him . His three grandchildren -- Poppy , 21 , Freddie , 16 and Ava , 13 -- had led the teams out as they carried the match ball onto the pitch . "  Twenty years gone , never forgotten " were the words that not only beamed out of the stadium 's giant television screens but were also stitched into the jerseys of the West Ham players . Having joined his local club as a teenager , Moore became a legend for a side he represented between 1958 and 1974 , winning the FA Cup in 1964 and then the Cup Winners ' Cup  a competition eligible for those European sides that had won their domestic cup  a year later . Yet it was his displays with England in 1966 that cemented his place in football folklore for a defender rated as one of the best to have ever played the game . "  It was Bobby 's ultimate goal to play for England , " Moore 's wife Stephane told the English FA 's website . "  I remember him saying to me one day when we went to the old Wembley , ` You have no idea what it feels like to walk onto that pitch , it 's like levitating ' . "  It meant everything to him to represent his country at Wembley . " On 30 July 1966 , Moore 's dreams came true as England won the World Cup on home soil , defeating great rivals Germany in the final at Wembley -- outside of which a statue of their former captain proudly stands today . West Ham played a lead role in England 's success , with Moore captaining the side , forward Geoff Hurst scoring a hat-trick  still the only player to do so in a World Cup final  and midfielder Martin Peters grabbing the home side 's only other goal . Four years later , as England tried to defend their trophy in Mexico , Moore led his team 's resistance against Brazil in the group stages -- playing so well that the legendary Pele , whose team went on to win the trophy that year , singled him out for praise . "  Of the hundreds of defenders who played against me during my career I pick Bobby Moore as the greatest of them all , " the FA website quoted Pele , the only player to have won three World Cup trophies , as saying . Moore , who died from cancer , was also praised for his fine sportsmanship -- with a photo of himself and Pele greeting one another with mutual respect after their Mexican clash , which Brazil won 1-0 , coming to symbolize what football 's soul should be about for many . The defender wore the number 6 shirt for both club and country and the reason there was no West Ham player sporting that digit on the back of their jersey against Tottenham is that the club retired the shirt five years ago in memory of Moore . After six minutes , there was another commemoration for a player who had a brief spell with another London club , Fulham , late in his career as applause broke out around the ground but soon after , it was Bale who stole the show . The 23-year-old pounced upon a defensive error from West Ham to fire home from the edge of the box but the visitors ' advantage was nullified as Andy Carroll won -- and then scored -- a penalty . Just before the hour , West Ham fans began to think that the tribute to Moore would be crowned in fitting style as Joe Cole gave the home side the lead -- while at the other end , goalkeeper Jussi Jaaskelainen was pulling off a string of fine saves . He could not prevent Gylffi Sigurdsson equalizing 14 minutes from time however , so creating the platform for Bale to score a stunning winner as he lashed a strike into the top corner from 30 yards . The win represented a crucial three points in Tottenham 's bid to qualify for next year 's Champions League , with Spurs leaping above Chelsea and , more importantly for some , going four points clear of rivals Arsenal -- who they host in Sunday 's North London derby . Elsewhere in Europe , second-placed Napoli were held to a 0-0 draw at Udinese , leaving them six points behind Serie A leaders Juventus .	Gareth Bale scores twice as Spurs come from behind to win 3-2 at West Ham Welshman lights up a night where former West Ham legend Bobby Moore is remember Victory takes Spurs above Chelsea into third in the Premier League table
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The doctor convicted in Michael Jackson 's death sees the jury 's verdict in a wrongful death civil trial as "  justice . " "  I cried because , for once , the world was allowed to hear some of the facts at they pertain to this matter -- a lot of facts that have been suppressed , much of which I was denied and my attorneys could not present during my criminal trial , " Dr. Conrad Murray said on NBC 's "  Today " on Thursday . He described himself as "  relieved . " A jury found Wednesday that concert promoter AEG Live was not liable in Jackson 's death . The jury found that AEG Live had hired Conrad Murray , but that Murray was competent . "  The jury 's decision completely vindicates AEG Live , confirming what we have known from the start -- that although Michael Jackson 's death was a terrible tragedy , it was not a tragedy of AEG Live 's making , " AEG Live attorney Marvin Putnam said . The jury rejected Putnam 's contention that AEG Live did not hire Murray , but the conclusion that the doctor was not "  unfit or incompetent " got the company off the hook for a potential billion dollar judgment . The decision ended a five-month trial , but likely began a years-long appeal process . It will not help Murray 's appeal on his criminal conviction , however . And the jury foreman disputed suggestions by Murray 's legal team that the verdict supports his case . The foreman added that he would not want Murray treating him . Jackson lawyer : ` We found the truth ' "  AEG has denied for years , and continues to deny , that they hired Dr. Conrad Murray , " Katherine Jackson 's lawyers said in a statement released late Wednesday . "  The jury found unanimously that AEG hired Dr. Murray . AEG has repeated the mantra that this lawsuit was a shakedown . Such a statement is a slap in the face of the entire judicial system that allowed this case to get to a jury . " While the verdict means no money in damages for the Jacksons , the statement suggested they believe they gained something from the trial . "  We have said from the beginning that this case was a search for the truth , " it said . "  We found the truth . AEG hired Dr. Conrad Murray , the man who is in jail for killing Michael Jackson . " Jackson lawyers , who were discussing the grounds for an appeal even before the verdict was read , indicated the legal fight is not over . "  All options regarding the balance of the jury verdict are being considered , " their statement said . Katherine Jackson , 83 , sat with nephew Trent Jackson and a lawyer for the reading of the verdict in a large Los Angeles courtroom Wednesday . She played a word game on her iPad while sitting on a hallway bench to pass the time before the reading . None of her sons , daughters or grandchildren attended court Wednesday . Jurors became Jackson fans Testimony by 58 witnesses over 83 days included intimate revelations by those closest to the singer -- pulling back the curtain on Jackson 's dreams , passions , pain and fears . It shed light into his intractable insomnia that led to Jackson 's death from an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol just days before the planned premiere of his comeback concert . Contrary to some expectations that the trial would damage Jackson 's reputation with its focus on his drug abuse , jury foreman Gregg Barden said Thursday that what he saw and heard made him a bigger fan of the King of Pop . He bought some of Jackson 's albums growing up , but it was n't until serving as a juror in the wrongful death trial that he realized his talent , generosity and personality , Barden said . Barden -- a high school football coach -- said he came close to crying in court when Jackson lawyers played a video of Jackson 's children as he sang "  Speechless , " a song he wrote to describe his love for his children . "  This Is It " show director Kenny Ortega also won new fans from the jury . Barden said jurors believed Ortega was "  absolutely truthful " in his testimony about Jackson 's deteriorated condition a week before he died , but his "  miraculous " recovery at his last two rehearsals . "  He got emotional a couple of times and had to walk off the stand , we really felt bad for him , but he was also a man who put in so much work and so much effort and did everything he could , we felt , to try to help Michael , " Barden said . Several jurors , including Barden , applauded at the end of Ortega 's dramatic testimony . "  It was just the absolute honesty of what he was doing , " Barden said . "  All of the sudden the jurors sitting there for all those months , we watched all these other guys get up there and we were asking ` Is that the truth or is that a lie ? ' Now all of a sudden we did n't have to do that . We could just relax and listen because everything he said was the truth . That 's why he got applauded . " Fit and competent , but unethical ? Barden suggested jurors were boxed in by the wording of the second question on their verdict form : "  Was Dr. Conrad Murray unfit or incompetent to perform the work for which he was hired ? " Jurors interpreted "  the work " to be as a "  general practitioner " who was expected to treat Jackson and his children for routine illnesses -- not to infuse him with profopol to put him to sleep every night , Barden said . "  Conrad Murray had a license , he graduated from an accredited college and we felt he was competent to do the job of being a general practitioner , " Barden said . "  Now , that does n't mean that we felt he was ethical , and maybe had the word ethical been in the question , it could have been a different outcome . But because it was for the job he was hired to do , that was what we had to focus on . " Jackson lawyers argued that one reason Murray was unfit was because he had a conflict of interest . His deep financial debt made him conflicted to the point that he took dangerous risks with his patient because he feared losing the $ 150,000 monthly salary that AEG Live agreed to pay him to treat Jackson , they argued . Jurors apparently did not see medical ethics as an essential element for a fit and competent physician . HLN 's Nancy Grace asked Barden if he believed Murray was unethical . "  You betcha ! " he answered . "  Because he went way beyond what he was supposed to do . " Juror : AEG was ` in the dark ' Interviews with Barden and another juror indicate that even if they had decided Murray was unfit and incompetent , the jury still might not have held AEG Live responsible for the doctor giving Jackson the dangerous nightly infusions of propofol that eventually killed him . "  There was not one shred of evidence presented over five months to back up the fact that AEG could have known that Dr. Murray was doing that , " Barden said . Juror Kevin White agreed . "  If AEG had known what was going on behind closed doors , it probably would have made a world of difference , but they did n't , " White said . AEG Live lawyers were apparently effective with their strategy of calling several of Jackson 's former doctors to testify about how the singer developed close friendships with them . Jackson was talented at "  doctor shopping " and keeping his various physicians in the dark about each other , they argued . "  Michael Jackson was pretty used to getting his own way , " White said . "  He was a big star . He had all these doctors who wanted to be his doctor and he could pretty much get what he wanted . If anybody said ` No , ' well , they were out of the mix and he 'd find somebody else . " Murray treated Jackson in an upstairs bedroom at his mansion , where no one else could see , White said . "  How could AEG have done anything about it when they were kept in the dark ? " Murray 's lawyer : ` This is huge ' No one seemed more surprised in courtroom when the verdict was read than Murray 's lawyers . Valerie Wass , who had sat in on much of the trial so she could give personal reports to her jailed client , let out an audible gasp when the court clerk read the jury 's "  No " to the question "  Was Dr. Conrad Murray unfit or incompetent to perform the work for which he was hired ? " Murray was "  very , very emotional " when Wass visited him in jail to discuss the verdict Wednesday evening , Wass said . The civil trial verdict has no impact on Murray 's criminal appeal , "  but in the court of public opinion , this is huge , " Wass told CNN . Murray , who is appealing his involuntary manslaughter conviction , is scheduled to be released from jail this month after serving two years of a four-year sentence . His medical licenses were suspended after his conviction two years ago , but he could regain them , Wass said "  He has a lot of patients who really want him to come back and practice , " she said . "  And we 'll see . " On NBC , Murray said , "  I will restart my life and , God willing , I will be a model to show the world that despite adversity , and when bad things happen to good people , they can restart their life and succeed . The jury foreman bristled at the suggestion that Murray was vindicated by his verdict . "  Absolutely not , " Barden said . "  I do n't see it as a vindication of Dr. Murray , and no , I would not hire him as my doctor . It 's not a vindication . Again , it 's the way the question was worded . " Asked by NBC whether he felt vindicated , Murray said the verdict showed him that "  you have to wait on the Lord . You just have to know that he is there for you , and he is going to deliver his justice on his time . " CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : MIchael Jackson won a new fan during trial -- the jury foreman Jury foreman : "  I do n't see it as a vindication of Dr. Murray " "  For once , the world was allowed to hear some of the facts , " Dr. Conrad Murray says Jackson lawyer : "  We have said from the beginning that this case was a search for the truth "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Arriving at the London premiere of his self-titled mockumentary dressed in an enormous bearskin hat , cropped red army tunic and barely there hot pants , flamboyant Austrian fashionista , "  Bruno , " paid sartorial tribute to the British as only he knows how . Bear-ing all : British comedian Sacha Baron Cohen 's latest comic creation Austrian fashionista , Bruno , hits the red carpet . Waxed to perfection and flanked by a group of muscular black men dressed like a camp Queen 's Guards , the gay fashion reporter flounced down the carpet to greet his public . "  Vassup CNN ! Lookin ' hot , " Bruno said to CNN . "  I do n't want any attention ; I 'm not here to promote my movie . " "  Bruno , " which hits cinemas in most territories next month , is the latest comic creation of British comedian Sacha Baron Cohen , who last shocked , insulted and delighted audiences in 2006 with Borat , Kazakhstan 's "  Most Famous Broadcaster . " Bruno continues the unique approach to comedy Baron Cohen honed with characters like uneducated , loutish jungle music fan Ali G and then homophobic , anti-Semitic Kazakh journalist Borat . Watch "  Bruno " on the red carpet " His specialty is characters who say the unsayable : like Bruno 's carpet quip that his new film is "  the most important movie starring a gay Austrian since ` Terminator 2 , ' " in joking reference to the married  and firmly heterosexual  Austrian Terminator star , Arnold Schwarzenegger , now Governor of California . In pictures : Bruno offers fashion advice to CNN " Baron Cohen puts his creations in real-life situations and uses them to draw unsuspecting participants into letting well-hidden prejudices slip out , engage in embarrassing behavior or contradict themselves . Characters like Bruno and Borat "  essentially work as a tool , " Baron Cohen told UK paper The Observer in a rare out-of-character interview : "  By himself being anti-Semitic , he lets people lower their guard and expose their own prejudice . " Baron Cohen 's approach courts controversy . "  Borat : Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan " opened to a wave of outrage from race-relations campaigners . This time it is gay-rights campaigners who are up in arms . "  Sacha Baron Cohen 's well-meaning attempt at satire is problematic in many places and outright offensive in others , " Rashad Robinson , senior director of media programs for the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation told the New York Times . While some critics may suggest that his films may reinforce prejudices , others disagree . "  It is difficult to accuse Cohen of making films that are racist or homophobic , " Aubrey Day , Editor-in-Chief of Total Film magazine told CNN . "  He takes characters and exaggerates them for broad comic value , but I do n't think there 's any credence in the idea that he supports any of those ideals . " But Baron Cohen certainly knows how to manipulate the media . The 37-year-old has been whipping up anticipation for "  Bruno " with a series of attention-grabbing , hilarious stunts . In September last year , he brought chaos to the hallowed fashion shows of Milan when he stormed the catwalk of designer Agata Luiz de la Prada 's show dressed in a Velcro suit with clothes from backstage stuck all over it . Most recently , he descended from the ceiling at the MTV Movie Awards wearing nothing but a pair of angel 's wings and a skimpy thong before "  falling " onto irate rapper Eminem 's face . Eminem stormed out of the awards but later admitted he knew about the stunt beforehand . "  Borat " debuted at number one in the U.S. box office and went on to gross $ 300 million in box office and DVD sales . Industry experts are predicting an even bigger return for "  Bruno . " The secret of the Baron Cohen comedy phenomenon may lie in his combination of laughs with something a bit deeper : namely his ability to highlight prejudices and hypocrisies . "  What he does very well is hold a mirror up to a lot of society 's current ideals and expose them for what they are , " Day told CNN . "  That is one of the joys of his films . "  You can enjoy them on a simple level , in that they are very funny , but hopefully you also come away thinking , or maybe re-thinking some of your attitudes . "	"  Bruno " paid tribute to British icons in a bearskin hat at London movie premiere The Austrian fashionista is UK comedian Sacha Baron Cohen 's latest creation "  Bruno " has already caused controversy with gay rights campaigners Baron Cohen 's comedy holds a mirror up to many of society 's ingrained prejudices
KAMPALA , Uganda  CNN  -- A fight between Ugandan and Libyan presidential guards sparked chaos during a ceremony attended by the heads of state from 11 African nations on Wednesday . Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi and Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni attend the opening of the mosque . Several of the guards to the visiting heads of state from Kenya , Tanzania , Burundi , Rwanda , Mali , Somalia , Sudan and Djibouti sustained serious injuries in the fight , which included punches , kicks and the drawing of guns . No leaders were hurt in the melee , though several were knocked over . Several journalists also were caught up in the fracas and suffered injuries or lost their grips on cameras and recorders . The incident occurred at the opening of a massive Gadhafi National Mosque in Kampala , a structure begun by the late Ugandan dictator Idi Amin in 1972 and completed with financing from Libya , according to African media reports . Minutes after Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi and his host , Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni , jointly unveiled a plaque to mark the event , the Libyan guards pushed away the guards of other delegations at the mosque 's entrance . The Ugandan guards -- who had traded hostilities with the predominantly-Arab Libyan guards at every joint event since Gadhafi 's arrival in the country Sunday -- reacted with fury and fought back . Museveni briefly lost his balance when a hefty Libyan guard pushed him to a wall . Another Libyan guard pushed Rwandan President Paul Kagame , who also lost his balance but was caught by his own guards . The vice president of Tanzania was knocked over by fighting guards as he was taking his shoes off to enter the mosque . Guards to the rest of the visiting presidents and prime ministers kept their respective leaders out of the fray , with some drawing their guns as the dignitaries looked on in disbelief . Some leaders -- notably those from Somalia , Burundi and Djibouti -- were visibly uneasy as guns were drawn on all sides . By the time the fight was over more than six minutes later , about a dozen presidential guards were left bleeding from compound fractures and the Libyan and Ugandan protocol officials traded bitter accusations of disrespect and racism . "  What are your people up to ? Do you want to kill our leader ? " a Libyan protocol official said to his Ugandan counterpart . The Ugandan official , who declined to be named , shouted back , "  Why do think you 're superior ? What makes you think Uganda has any ill intention against Gadhafi ? " The Ugandan official said Museveni 's guards were simply doing their job as security for the host country and had a right to respond when the Libyan guards pushed them back . It has taken 36 years to complete the giant mosque on a hill in the heart of Kampala . It used to be a colonial fort named after British Capt. Frederick Lugard . The mosque can accommodate as many as 17,000 people at one time , according to the engineers , who call it the largest mosque in sub-Saharan Africa . Many Muslims interviewed said the mosque 's opening evoked sweet memories of Amin , the deceased dictator . "  It is a great day and thanks be to Allah for the completion , " said Salim Abdul Noor , 39 . "  This should remind us that while Amin is demonized as Africa 's worst dictator , there are many things he did for this country that successive governments largely depend on , and much of the completed installations and structures like this beautiful mosque was Amin 's dream , may Allah rest him in peace . " The Swedish vice president of the European Islamic Conference , Adly Abu Hajar , 57 , said the mosque heals rifts in a religion introduced to Uganda in 1844 by Arab slave traders . "  I find this complex has brought unity among Muslims in Uganda . There have been so many factions , but this attraction has brought them together , identifying themselves with a common home . " The fight prompted a crisis meeting by Ugandan security authorities , after which invited diplomats from mainly the European missions in Uganda expressed dismay . "  It 's disgrace . It shows there is something wrong yet unknown between the two parties , " said the head of one European mission in Kampala , who declined to be named . The police chief , Maj. Gen. Kale Kayihura , and the head of the army , Gen. Aronda Nyakairima , declined to comment on the fight . But Capt. Edison Kwesiga , the spokesman of the Ugandan Presidential Guard Brigade , confirmed their hostile relationship with the Libyans . "  It is our responsibility to ensure the safety of any visiting head of state . We have to do our job using any means . But our Libyan brothers always want us to fail . True , it 's not the first time they come and act as you see , " Kwesiga said . E-mail to a friend	Ugandan officer reports tensions with Libyan leader 's guards during visit Leaders gathered for opening of massive mosque in Kampala , Uganda About a dozen presidential guards seen bleeding from compound fractures
Paris , France  CNN  -- The death toll from flash flooding in southern France rose to 25 Thursday as rain continued to inundate the region , authorities said . Up to 20 millimeters  0.8 inches  of rain fell in some areas overnight , the Var prefecture said in a statement . Despite the additional rain , most of the flood waters have begun to recede and cleanup has begun . Some 104,000 homes were without electricity across the region , and 20,000 homes were without phone connections , the 10prefecture said . Rescue operations officially ended Thursday and authorities were focusing on the distribution of food and water , clearing debris and assisting residents of Draguignan , which was hardest hit , authorities said . The city is about 27 miles west of Cannes . Are you there ? Send us your pictures or videos ? Authorities warned residents not to drink water that appears or tastes unusual . They were distributing tens of thousands of bottles of water , along with meals , in the Draguignan area , the prefecture said . More local thunderstorms were forecast for Thursday afternoon and evening , the prefecture said . French President Nicolas Sarkozy was expected to visit the stricken areas next week , authorities said . The flooding , which began Tuesday , forced 2,000 people into shelters , officials said Thursday . Some 1,200 firefighters and 650 police officers have taken part in the rescue effort , the prefecture said . More than 1,400 people have been rescued by helicopter and 100 have been rescued by boat . The flooding also forced French authorities to transfer more than 400 inmates at Draguignan prison to other prisons in the south of France . Var includes the Cote d'Azur , a popular tourist destination along the French Riviera . CNN 's Jim Bittermann , Saskya Vandoorne and Pat Thompson contributed to this report .	Rescue operation officially ends after fatal flash floods Death toll rises to 25 , authorities say 110,000 homes without power ; 20,000 without phones Flooded area includes popular tourist destination Cote d'Azur
CNN  -- Oregon Gov. John Kitzhaber blocked the execution of a death row inmate on Tuesday and said no more executions will take place in the state as long as he is governor . He issued a temporary reprieve in the case of Gary Haugen , who was reportedly scheduled to be put to death next month . "  It is time for Oregon to consider a different approach . I refuse to be a part of this compromised and inequitable system any longer ; and I will not allow further executions while I am governor , " he said in a statement . Oregon has 37 inmates on death row , some of whom have been there for more than 20 years . Kitzhaber did not commute their sentences , he said , because : "  The policy of this state on capital punishment is not mine alone to decide . " He urged lawmakers to bring potential reforms before the 2013 legislative session . Death penalty 's unlikely opponents The Democratic governor called the state 's death penalty system , as it is now , "  expensive and unworkable . " Not counting Oregon , 16 U.S. states do not have the death penalty , according to the Washington , D.C.-based Death Penalty Information Center , a nonprofit group . Illinois banned it this year . Oregon voted to reinstate the death penalty in 1984 , and since then has put two people to death -- in 1996 and 1997 . Both executions were carried out on inmates who had waived their rights to appeal and took place during Kitzhaber 's first term . "  They were the most agonizing and difficult decisions I have made as governor , and I have revisited and questioned them over and over again during the past 14 years . I do not believe that those executions made us safer ; and certainly they did not make us nobler as a society . And I simply can not participate once again in something I believe to be morally wrong , " he said . Haugen , a twice-convicted murder , was scheduled to die on December 6 , according to The Oregonian . He had similarly waived his rights to appeal . Results of October 2011 CNN Poll A 2010 national poll of registered voters conducted by Lake Research Partners showed growing support for alternatives to the death penalty , compared with previous polls . A clear majority of voters  61 %  would choose a punishment other than the death penalty for murder , including life with no possibility of parole and with restitution to the victim 's family  39 %  , life with no possibility of parole  13 %  or life with the possibility of parole  9 %  . So far this year , 43 inmates have been executed in the United States , compared with 46 in all of 2010 . Nationally , some 3,200 inmates await execution .	Gov. John Kitzhaber halts the execution of a death row inmate He says he believes the death penalty to be "  morally wrong " Oregon last executed someone in 1997 , when Kitzhaber was governor 16 U.S. states do not have the death penalty
CNN  NBA player Thabo Sefolosha says police caused his season-ending leg injury when he was arrested last week after leaving a nightclub in New York . In a statement Tuesday , the guard/forward for the Atlanta Hawks described his injury as "  significant , " and said it "  was caused by the police . " Sefolosha suffered a fractured fibula and ligament damage when he and teammate Pero Antic were arrested near the scene of the stabbing of Indiana Pacers forward Chris Copeland and two other women early April 8 . Police said Sefolosha and Antic were not involved in the stabbing incident , but they were charged with misdemeanors , including disorderly conduct and obstructing governmental administration . TMZ Sports released video last week that shows a group of police officers arresting the 6-foot-7 Sefolosha and taking him to the ground . It also shows an officer within that group getting out a baton and extending it near him , but what may have caused the injury is not clear in the video . Sefolosha appears to be limping as he is led away by officers . New York Police Department Sgt. Daniel Doody said Wednesday that the matter is being reviewed by the Internal Affairs Bureau and would not comment further . Internal Affairs had no comment . Sefolosha did not specify his injury in his statement Tuesday , but the Hawks said last week that he has a fractured fibula and ligament damage , will undergo surgery and will miss the rest of the season , including the playoffs , which begin this weekend . The Hawks enter as the top seed in the NBA 's Eastern Conference . Sefolosha , who turns 31 in May , is in his ninth NBA season and his first with the Hawks . He averaged 5.3 points per game this season . "  I am extremely disappointed that I will not be able to join my teammates on the court during the playoffs and apologize to them for any distraction this incident has caused , " Sefolosha said in his statement . "  I will be cheering for them every step of the way and will be diligent in my rehabilitation . "  On advice of counsel , I hope you can appreciate that I can not discuss the facts of the case . Those questions will be answered by my attorney in a court of law . I will simply say that I am in great pain , have experienced a significant injury and that the injury was caused by the police . " Hawks coach Mike Budenholzer said in a statement last week , "  This is a very difficult situation for Thabo and our thoughts and support will be with him during his recovery . We know that his approach and dedication will serve him well in his rehabilitation . Our team remains focused and will be prepared as we head into the postseason . " Antic , a 31-year-old , 6-foot-11 center/forward , missed the April 8 game against the Brooklyn Nets , but has played since then . In a joint statement last week , Sefolosha and Antic said they will contest the charges . According to the Pacers , Copeland underwent surgery on his abdomen and left elbow for stab wounds . He was released from the hospital two days after the incident , according to Bleacher Report . The Pacers , with one regular-season game left , are trying to secure the last spot in the Eastern Conference playoffs . If they do , their first-round opponent would be Atlanta . CNN 's Camille Cava contributed to this report .	Thabo Sefolosha says he "  experienced a significant injury and ... the injury was caused by the police " He and teammate Pero Antic were arrested near the scene of a stabbing early April 8 They were not involved in the stabbing police said , but they were arrested for obstruction , other charges
CNN  -- A bird with an estimated 20 - to 24-foot wingspan was identified in South Carolina . There 's evidence that dinosaurs roamed what 's now a national park in Alaska , and a 9-foot-tall stegomastodon was unearthed in New Mexico . And those are just the fossil finds made across the United States this summer . If you 're fascinated by magnificent prehistoric creatures , there 's plenty more exploration to be done . No need to worry about a Jurassic Park attack . These eight "  fossil finds " offer unique family-friendly , T.-Rex-free ways for paleontologists of all ages to explore prehistoric life . So pack up your family and start uncovering some of the planet 's most fascinating previous inhabitants . Denali National Park , Alaska Just this month , as tracks of large , plant-eating dinosaur herds were discovered in Alaska 's Denali National Park , scientists gained a new picture of prehistoric Arctic wildlife . The tracks ranged from 5 to 24 inches and came from hadrosaurs -- plant-eating , duck-billed dinosaurs . Hadrosaurs were prevalent during the late Cretaceous period nearly 70 million years ago , and the new tracks only add to Alaska 's rich dinosaur history . "  We discovered the first dinosaur tracks in 2005 , and now since we know what to look for , we 've since discovered thousands of tracks , " said Denali park ranger Kris Fister . "  Here , these tracks are unique because it houses traces of the entire ecosystem , " she said . "  Birds , insects and plant life -- it really paints a picture of what life was in the area . " The tracks are not accessible through guided hikes or paved trails , but experienced hikers can find them nestled in Denali 's back country , Fister said . Agate Fossil Beds National Monument , Nebraska What exactly is a beardog ? Take a tour through the Agate Fossil Beds National Monument in Nebraska , where 20 million years ago the land now known as the Agate was a grassy plain comparable to Africa 's Serengeti . At Agate , roaming animals once included the beardog  Amphicyon  , a 6-foot-long hunting creature that actually is not related to the bear or the dog . There 's also evidence of the dinohyus  large pig-like animal  and a short rhinoceros called a Menoceras . As rock weathered and terrain shifted , these species died off and became fossilized , and they are now visible in the Agate cliffs . Montour Fossil Pit , Pennsylvania Stake your claim at the Montour Preserve and fossil pit , an excavation site about 230 miles northeast of Pittsburgh where visitors can dig for fossils . Montour 's marine fossils date to the Devonian Period , about 400 million years ago . And even more fun : All collected artifacts are yours to keep . Fossils include trilobites  relatives of horseshoe crabs with segmented bodies and frog-like eyes  , pelecypods  early ancestors of oysters , mussels and clams  and gastropods  snails  . One tip : Wait until after a good rain shower to go fossil hunting . Sometimes the rain can make the fossils easier to spot in the rock . Dinosaur National Monument , Utah The Quarry Exhibit Hall is the unquestioned star of Dinosaur National Monument 's show . About 1,500 dinosaur bones from up to 149 million years ago and an 80-foot mural reveal the history of the dinosaurs and their eventual demise . Bone displays include meat-eating reptiles like the 20-foot long Allosaurus and massive , grass-eating dinos like the Camarasaurus , Diplodocus and Stegosaurus . Outside the exhibit hall , this monument to dinosaurs still has a rich variety of wildlife throughout the area . Adventurous visitors can take a whitewater rafting trip through remote canyon areas . Hell Creek Beds , Montana Hell Creek is a fossil lover 's heaven . Expansive and well-preserved , the rock bed formation spans four states -- Montana , North Dakota , South Dakota and Wyoming -- although the main park is squarely in Montana . Fossils date to the late Cretaceous period , 65 million to 70 million years ago , and were discovered in 1902 by paleontologist Barnum Brown . Today , families can take guided , private day digging tours with experienced paleontologists to hunt fossils . And in Hell Creek , abundant species include the distinctively horned ceratopsians ; the duck-billed herbivore creatures called hadrosaurs ; and theropods , the lizard-like carnivorous dinosaurs . But there 's another reason historians love the Hell Creek beds : The chemical presence of iridium in some rocks gives credence to the theory of a dinosaur extinction caused by a meteor . Ghost Ranch , New Mexico Play Ghost  Ranch  buster at this spot 's Museum of Paleontology . This New Mexican museum includes bones of the coelophysis , a slender , two-legged carnivore that was over 9 feet long and grazed the ranch 's grassy plains nearly 220 million years ago . Other dinosaurs on display include the 6-foot-long therapod Tawa hallae and Vancleavea , an underwater reptile . After a tour of the museum , venture into the Coelophysis Quarry , where red beds of rock have preserved the remains of at least 1,000 rare species . Red Gulch Dinosaur Tracksite , Wyoming With walkways and set excavation areas , Red Gulch Dinosaur Tracksite in Wyoming is the perfect site for an introduction to paleontology and dino-digging . Plus , the track site , named for being an area where footprints and fossils are preserved , includes managers of the excavation sites to help beginning visitors identify dinosaur tracks in the sand . Fossil collection is permitted on most days , barring road closures and fire danger , and the rewards for a fossil hunt are great . Trilobites , brachiopods  shell creatures  and all invertebrate fossils can be collected for personal use and without permit . And some of those fossils date 167 million years . However , if you want to search like a professional paleontologist for vertebrate fossils -- with bones and teeth -- a permit is required . La Brea Tar Pits at the Page Museum , California They call it Excavation 101 . And it begins with a fossil deposit , a grid and the careful removal of dirt to find a bone . Part of the Page Museum in Los Angeles , the La Brea Tar Pits ' outside pits and the museum 's inside exhibits create a must-see attraction for West Coast fossil lovers . There are outside options where viewers can observe excavations of California 's rich wildlife , explore prehistoric fossils and learn the basics of excavation . At the Page Museum , visitors look at expansive fossil exhibits , including full replicas of the smilodon , an extinct saber-toothed cat . The museum 's Fossil Lab allows visitors to peer though the glass walls to watch fossils get cleaned , enhanced and prepared for viewing .	There have been dinosaur finds across the United States this summer One recently unearthed stegomastodon fossil is 3 million years old Some spots allow visitors to keep the fossils they find
New York  CNN  -- Police arrested a Columbia University professor accused of having a three-year long sexual relationship with his daughter , officials said . David Epstein is charged with one count of incest in the third degree , according to a statement from the Manhattan District Attorney 's office . The alleged sexual relationship between Epstein and his biological daughter -- now 24 years-old -- took place between 2006 and 2009 , the statement said . He could face four years in prison , if convicted . His attorney Matthew Galluzzo said Epstein is innocent , claiming the charges are "  unfair and unwarranted . " "  He is a respected member of the academic community and wishes to thank his friends at Columbia University for their continued support throughout this ordeal , " Galluzzo said . Columbia University placed the 46-year old professor of political science on administrative leave , but declined further comment regarding the investigation , said university spokesman Robert Hornsby . Epstein is set to appear in court on March 10 .	Police arrest professor accused of sexual relationship with his daughter David Epstein is charged with one count of incest in the third degree He could face four years in prison , if convicted
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Spain 's Fernando Alonso has torn up his contract at McLaren and quit the Formula One team after a stormy year which has seen him deposed as world champion . Alonso clashed with teammate Hamilton and team boss Dennis in a difficult 2007 . Alonso , who finished third in the 2007 standings behind teammate Lewis Hamilton and new champion Kimi Raikkonen , is now free to join another team A source with knowledge of the Alonso-McLaren talks told CNN that it is not yet known where Alonso will go next . The 26-year-old has been linked with a return to his former team Renault or may sit out 2008 awaiting a possible spot at Italian giants Ferrari . Alonso , who had two years left on his contract with British-based McLaren , courted controversy for his strained relationship with Hamilton and team boss Ron Dennis and his departure appeared almost inevitable . "  Since I was a boy I had always wanted to drive for McLaren , but sometimes in life things do not work out , " said Alonso in a statement released by the team . "  I continue to believe that McLaren is a great team . Yes , we have had our ups and downs during the season , which has made it extra-challenging for all of us , and it is not a secret that I never really felt at home . "  I know there have been suggestions of favoritism within the team and people say a lot of things in the heat of battle , but in the end I was always provided with an equal opportunity to win . " Dennis added : "  Everybody at Vodafone McLaren Mercedes , especially McLaren 's Spanish partners Banco Santander and Mutua Madrilena and the team 's title partner Vodafone , want to wish Fernando all the best for the future . " Alonso has been in intense negotiations over his early exit with McLaren , who said on their Web site that he had left "  in the best interests of both parties . " The 2007 season had started promisingly for McLaren , but rookie Hamilton 's early successes appeared to unsettle Alonso as the title race boiled down to a four-way race between the McLaren drivers and Ferrari 's Raikkonen and Felipe Massa . The first clear sign of friction occurred at the Hungarian Grand Prix in August when Alonso was accused of preventing Hamilton from completing a final qualifying lap . He was demoted from pole position to sixth on the grid by race stewards . More serious was the Formula One ` spy scandal ' which saw McLaren fined over $ 100 million by the sports governing body , the FIA . During the FIA investigation it was alleged Alonso had threatened to go the FIA with sensitive information and Dennis revealed that he had not spoken to Alonso in several weeks . A fragile peace was established for the championship decider at the Brazil GP , but it proved a disastrous finale for McLaren as neither Hamilton or Alonso could secure the points they needed to win the title and Raikkonen prevailed . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Madrid Bureau Chief Al Goodman and CNN Sports Producer Chris Eldergill contributed to this report	Spain 's Fernando Alonso quits McLaren with two years left on his contract Alonso was deposed as world champion after a controversial 2007 season The two-time world champion may return to former team Renault
CNN  -- An explosion of an apparent land mine that drifted from North Korea killed one fisherman and injured another , police said Sunday . The injured man is still hospitalized with serious injuries to his arms and hands , Yeoncheon County Police told CNN . Investigators have found 19 wooden box land mines washed up on the riverside so far , police said . Heavy downpours in North Korea may have washed the land mines ashore , the South Korean state-run Yonhap news agency reported , citing the South Korean Army . The military is searching all streams that connect with North Korea , Yonhap said , and has issued warnings to people in the area after investigators found "  scores " of the mines , designed to go off when opened . The explosion occurred just before 11:00 p.m. Saturday  10:00 a.m. ET  in a border city 60 kilometers  37 miles  northeast of Seoul . State media reported Saturday that South Korean investigators had found eight land mines made by North Korea near the border between the two countries . A fisherman on Jumun Island alerted authorities after stumbling upon a landmine in a wooden box , Yonhap said , citing a spokesman for South Korea 's Joint Chiefs of Staff . Searchers found seven other mines on Jumum and two other islands in the Yellow Sea , as well as three empty wooden boxes , Yonhap said . It was unclear how the land mines were identified . According to Yonhap , military officials said the mines may have drifted away from North Korea . Jumun Island is just below the sea border between the two countries , Yonhap said . CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	A fisherman is dead after an apparent land mine explosion The mine is one of "  scores " South Korean military officials say drifted from North Korea Heavy downpours may have washed them ashore State media says searches of islands in the Yellow Sea revealed eight landmines
EW.com  -- You want to know when "  Scandal " and "  Marvel 's Agents of SHIELD " return ? When new shows "  How to Get Away with Murder , " "  Forever " and "  Selfie " have their series premieres ? Fine , maybe "  Selfie " not so much . But as for the rest of the ABC 's crop , the network has just released all its fall series premiere dates for the 2014-15 season . The full list is below . And to see how all the network lineups fit together on the schedule grid  $ " which also has show descriptions and trailer links  $ " go here . NEW SHOWS IN BOLD Monday , September 15 8:00 -10:00 p.m. : Dancing With the Stars Monday , September 22 10:00 -11:00 p.m. : Forever  Special Sneak Preview Tuesday , September 23 9:00 -10:00 p.m. : Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. 10:00 -11:00 p.m. : Forever  Regular Time Period Premiere Wednesday , September 24 8:00 -8:30 p.m. : The Middle 8:30 -9:00 p.m. : The Goldbergs 9:00 -9:30 p.m. : Modern Family 9:30 -10:00 p.m. : Black-ish 10:00 -11:00 p.m. : Nashville Thursday , September 25 8:00 -9:00 p.m. : Grey 's Anatomy 9:00 -10:00 p.m. : Scandal 10:00 -11:00 p.m. : How to Get Away With Murder Friday , September 26 8:00 -10:00 p.m. : Shark Tank 10:00 -11:00 p.m. : 20/20 Sunday , September 28 8:00 -9:00 p.m. : Once Upon a Time 9:00 -10:00 p.m. : Resurrection 10:00 -11:00 p.m. : Revenge Monday , September 29 10:00 -11:00 p.m. : Castle Tuesday , September 30 8:00 -8:30 p.m. : Selfie 8:30 -9:00 p.m. : Manhattan Love Story Friday , October 3 8:00 -9:00 p.m. : Last Man Standing 9:00 -10:00 p.m. : Shark Tank  Regular Time Period Premiere Sunday , October 5 7:00 -8:00 p.m. : America 's Funniest Home Videos Friday , October 10 8:30 -9:00 p.m. : Cristela See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The full list of shows is out There are a few new shows Newbie 's include "  Selfie " and "  How to Get Away with Murder "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Suspended NFL player Richie Incognito said his alleged bullying of Miami Dolphin teammate Jonathan Martin is misunderstood because "  people do n't know how Jon and I communicate to one another . " Incognito acknowledged in an interview aired on "  Fox NFL Sunday " that he used racist and vulgar language in voice mails and text messages to Martin but said it was "  coming from a place of love . " "  No matter how bad and how vulgar it sounds , that 's how we communicate , " he told Fox Sports reporter Jay Glazer . "  That 's how our friendship was . " "  For instance , a week before this went down , Jonathan Martin text me on my phone ' I will murder your whole F-ing family , ' " Incognito told Glazer . "  Now , do I think Jonathan Martin was going to murder my family ? Not one bit . " Lawyer : Martin left because of persistent bullying , not lack of toughness Martin , 24 , left the team last month because of "  harassment that went far beyond the traditional locker room hazing , " Martin 's lawyer said . Days later , the Dolphins suspended Incognito , 30 , for conduct detrimental to the team . After the interview , which was recorded in Los Angeles on Saturday , Incognito let Glazer review his phone text messages with Martin . He counted 1,142 messages exchanged between the two men over the last year , Glazer reported . "  To say that it 's offensive , absolutely , " Glazer said . Martin sent Incognito text messages three days after he left the team , Glazer said . One said , "  Wassup man ? The world 's gone crazy lol I 'm good tho congrats on the win " and another read , "  Yeah I 'm good man . It 's insane bro but just know I do n't blame you guys at all it 's just the culture around football and the locker room got to me a little , " Glazer reported . Glazer acknowledged at the beginning of Sunday 's broadcast that he has been a close friend of Incognito for five years , including training him in mixed martial arts in the off season . He said the only issue that Incognito "  sidestepped and would n't answer " concerned the allegation that Miami coaches had ordered a "  code red " instructing the veteran to "  toughen up " the younger Martin . Incognito cited "  legal issues " preventing him from answering , Glazer said . Lawyer : Martin made "  a difficult choice " While Martin has not spoken publicly since the controversy erupted , his attorney David Cornwell broke the silence on his behalf with a prepared statement last week . Martin tried "  to befriend ... teammates who subjected him to the abuse with the hope that doing so would end the harassment " -- something that Cornwell called "  a textbook reaction of victims of bullying . " The taunting did not stop , however , the lawyer said . He cited "  a malicious physical attack on him by a teammate and daily vulgar comments , " and a threat of a group sexual assault against Martin 's sister . "  Eventually , Jonathan made a difficult choice , " Cornwell said of Martin leaving the Dolphins . " ... Jonathan looks forward to getting back to playing football . In the meantime , he will cooperate fully with the NFL investigation . " Although Incognito was the Dolphin player suspended , Cornwell 's statement alleged others mistreated Martin . "  Right , wrong or indifferent , because of all this , you 've become the face of bullying in America , " Glazer told Incognito . "  Someone thinks of a bully , they think of Richie Incognito . " "  This is n't an issue about bullying , " Incognito said . "  This is an issue of my and Jon 's relationship , where I 've taken stuff too far and I did n't know it was hurting him . " A profanity-filled voice mail from Incognito to Martin that has been made public was intended to shock him so "  his buddy " would call him back , he said . "  When the words are put in the context , I understand why a lot of eye brows get raised , " Incognito said . "  When people do n't know how Jon and I communicate to one another . " Incognito : "  I 'm not a racist " "  When it 's on the screen it sounds like I 'm a racist pig , it sounds like I 'm a meat head , " he said . "  It sounds like a lot of things it is not . And I wanted to clear the air just being saying that I 'm a good person . " He acknowledged using the n-word in his communications with Martin , who is African-American . "  I 'm not a racist and to judge me by that one word is wrong , " Incognito said . "  It , in no way , shape or form , is ever acceptable for me to use that word , even if it 's friend to friend in a voice mail . " He said "  it was a joke . " The word is "  thrown around a lot " in NFL locker rooms and it 's "  a word that I 've heard Jon use a lot , " he said . "  There 's a lot of colorful words thrown around in the locker room that we do n't use in everyday life . " Martin was his "  best friend " on the team , Incognito said . "  You can ask anybody in the Miami Dolphins ' locker room , who had Jon Martin 's back the absolute most , and they 'll undoubtedly tell you me , " he said . Incognito said he was "  miffed " by "  how I missed this and I never saw it coming . " Glazer asked Incognito what he would say to his former teammate today if he were in the room . "  I think I would give him a big hug right now , because we 've been through so much and I 'd be like ` Dude , what 's going on ? Why did n't you come to me ? ' " he said . "  If he were to say ` Listen , you took it way too far , you hurt me . ' You know , I would just apologize and explain to him exactly what I explained to you . And I would apologize to his family that they took it as malicious . But I never meant it that way . " The fear that keeps men from acting human	"  That 's how our friendship was , " Richie Incognito says about vulgar messages Jonathan Martin sent text saying he would "  murder your whole F-ing family , " Incognito says Incognito gives first interview to Fox Sports , shows text messages to reporter Miami Dolphins suspended Incognito after Martin quit the NFL team
CNN  -- Charles Denton "  Tex " Watson , one of the chief participants in the Manson Family murders , will stay in prison at least another five years , the California Board of Parole Hearings announced Wednesday . Watson , 65 , was denied parole for the 16th time , the board said , and will not be considered again until 2016 . Watson was convicted of seven counts of murder and one count of conspiracy to commit murder in a two-day killing spree that occurred in Los Angeles in the summer of 1969 . Five people , including actress Sharon Tate , were killed at Tate 's residence the night of August 9 , 1969 , by Watson and fellow Manson Family members Susan Atkins and Patricia Krenwinkel . The following night , restaurant owner Leno La Bianca and his wife , Rosemary , were slain in their home by Watson , Atkins , Krenwinkel and Leslie Van Houten , accompanied this time by group leader Charles Manson . All five received the death penalty , but the sentences were commuted to life imprisonment after a California court decision abolished capital punishment . Watson has been housed at Mule Creek State Prison since 1993 , according to the parole board .	Charles Denton "  Tex " Watson was up for parole for the 16th time He was convicted in 1971 for his part in all seven Manson family murders His death sentence was commuted after a 1972 state court decision
CNN  -- One of three female undocumented immigrants who were allegedly kidnapped and assaulted was rescued at the south Texas residence of a U.S. Border Patrol agent who was found dead inside , authorities said Thursday . U.S. Customs and Border Protection said it and other federal and local agencies began a search Wednesday after finding an injured woman who told agents that she and two other women had been assaulted by a man . Investigators found the second woman and continued searching for the third alleged victim . Early Thursday , Mission , Texas , police and members of the Hidalgo County Sheriff 's Office , along with federal agents , went to the home of the agent and found him dead , the CBP and FBI said in statements . They entered the home after receiving "  further information . " Officers freed the third woman believed to have been kidnapped . Mission is in extreme southern Texas , near the Mexican border . The agencies did n't identify the agent or cite a possible manner of death . It was not clear where the alleged abductions took place . The FBI said it is investigating the incident as a kidnapping and assault . The three women were being provided medical care , the CBP said . "  CBP takes this incident extremely seriously and we are fully cooperating with the investigation , " the agency said . "  CBP holds its employees to the highest ethical standards . We stand ready to take any additional action necessary , pending the investigation . " The FBI 's office in McAllen , Texas , said of the border agent , "  the circumstances of his alleged involvement and subsequent death are under investigation . "	Three undocumented immigrants abducted in Texas , officials say One says she , two other women were assaulted Third woman is rescued ; border agent found dead at home
CNN  A severe solar storm created a stunning display of light in the night sky over parts of the United States , Europe , Australia and New Zealand early Wednesday morning , spotted by those lucky enough to be awake in the wee hours . Called aurora borealis in the Northern Hemisphere and aurora australis in the Southern Hemisphere , the lights were the product of large geomagnetic blasts from the sun that arrived Tuesday about 10 a.m. ET  1 a.m. Wednesday in Sydney  . Both the aurora borealis and the aurora australis were sparked by a particularly strong solar storm that sent charged particles toward the Earth , said CNN meteorologist Todd Borek . "  When these particles bombard the Earth 's magnetic field in the upper atmosphere , the collision often creates brilliant colors , " Borek said . "  Most of the time , auroras appear green -- when these particles collide with oxygen in the atmosphere -- but there were reports this past aurora australis also appeared to have a reddish tint , which suggested the collision with high-altitude oxygen was also seen on Earth . " Share your photos of the aurora with iReport The stronger the storm , the farther south it can be seen , said Borek . And this geomagnetic storm was rather powerful , reaching as a high as a G4 on a scale from 1 to 5 Tuesday night , according to NOAA 's Space Weather Prediction Center . The storm was expected to last 24 to 36 hours , and NOAA 's latest reports say it 's down to a G1 . Though the storm could affect GPS technology and power grids , NOAA said Tuesday that it had no reports of disruptions . The most visible impact as been this stunning light display . If the auroras are seen again tonight , Borek said , they wo n't be as pronounced and most likely wo n't reach as far south as Tuesday night . People in northern Michigan , northern Minnesota and Maine may be able to spot them , although he warned that clouds from Minnesota to Montana may impede visibility Wednesday night .	A particularly strong solar storm created a stunning light display Stronger storms can be seen farther south , CNN meteorologist says Some in northern U.S. may see lights again tonight
CNN  -- Another year , another summer movie schedule overflowing with big-budget CGI blockbusters . Moviegoers ' cravings for fantastical spectacle are being fulfilled by giant robot warriors in "  Pacific Rim , " comic book superheroics from "  The Wolverine " and "  Man Of Steel , " and explosive action in "  White House Down . " But in the days before CGI , special effects virtuosos had already sculpted far-flung worlds and incredible creatures using only miniature models , optical illusions -- and good old-fashioned puppetry . Even today , the big screen 's puppet stars -- from E.T. to Kermit the Frog -- can claim to have made an emotional connection with audiences that CGI still aspires to emulate . To celebrate the achievements of the special effects pioneers from cinema 's past , we take a look back at film 's most impressive and moving puppet heroes . Check out the gallery above . Did we miss out your favorite puppet movie stars ? Let us know in the comments section below .	Summer blockbusters are heavy on CGI , but can they compete with pre-digital movies ? Some of film 's most impressive creations have been realized using puppetry We take a look at some of the best puppets in cinema history
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe police arrested on Friday a magistrate who ordered the release of a senior opposition politician granted bail by the country 's High Court , a lawyer said . A Zimbabwean policeman patrols outside the entrance of Mutare Magistrates court . The order to release the politician had been suspended when state lawyers appealed the HIgh Court decision . Trust Maanda , a lawyer in Mutare city about 300 kilometers  186 miles  east of Harare , told CNN by phone that magistrate Livingstone Chipadze had been arrested . "  He is in police custody . The police are saying he ordered the release of Roy Bennett in compliance with the High Court ruling , " said Maanda . Bennett is the choice of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change  MDC  for deputy agriculture minister under the power-sharing government formed last month . On Wednesday , Chipadze ordered Bennett be released from a prison in Mutare as had been ruled by the High Court last week . However , that order , which required Bennett to post $ 2,000 as bail , was suspended after the state filed an appeal with Zimbabwe 's Supreme Court . "  I can confirm the arrest , but I will be in position to tell you the charge he will face later , " said a police official in Mutare over the phone . "  He is likely to go to court on Saturday or Monday . But most magistrates here -LSB- in Mutare -RSB- have gone on strike over his arrest . " Chipadze joins Bennett in prison in Mutare . Bennett was arrested on February 13 and is facing charges of possessing arms for the purposes of banditry , terrorism and sabotage . The continued detention of Bennett , an ally of MDC leader and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai , is seen by many as a crack in the foundation of the coalition Tsvangirai formed with President Robert Mugabe . Meanwhile , a Zimbabwe High Court judge Friday ordered the immediate release of three human rights activists in state "  safe custody " to testify against human rights activist Jestina Mukoko , who is facing charges of plotting to topple Mugabe . Opposition MDC activists Fannie Tembo , Lloyd Tarumbwa and Terry Musona have been missing since October last year after they were abducted from their homes under the cover of darkness . Lawyers Chris Mhike and Innocent Chagonda took the state to the High Court in an attempt to win the release the trio . But the state represented by Nelson Mutsonziwa had opposed the application , saying the three would be state witnesses when the trial of Mukoko starts . The MDC lawyers then successfully argued that the three were bread winners for their families and the state had not provided their families with assistance while they are in custody . Delivering the judgment , Justice Ben Hlatswayo said , "  I order the immediate release of Fannie Tembo , Lloyd Tarumbwa and Terry Musona from police custody or the custody of any other state agent . This order stands enforceable notwithstanding the noting or filing of an appeal . " Relatives of the three who were milling around the High Court could not hide their joy after Mhike told them of Hlatswayo 's ruling .	Magistrate who released a senior opposition politician arrested High Court had ordered politican released , but decision was suspended Roy Bennett 's imprisonment a crack in coalition of opposition and Robert Mugabe In separate decision , High Court ordered release of three human rights activists
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Federal , state and municipal agencies staged an elaborate drill in the waters off New York City on Tuesday to prepare for the possibility of a nuclear or dirty-bomb attack from the water . A U.S. Coast Guard vessel passes a container ship in New York Harbor as part of Tuesday 's terror drill . "  We 're a big city , and there are vulnerabilities , " said Ray Kelly , commissioner of the New York Police Department . Agencies involved in Tuesday 's test emphasized they did not undertake it because of a specific threat against the city . However , Kelly said the city was taking no chances after a proclamation years ago by Osama bin Laden . "  We do know that Osama bin Laden several years ago obtained a fatwah to use nuclear weapons , and our goal is to make certain that that fatwah does not come to fruition , " he said . In addition to increasing various agencies ' preparedness for a seaborne radiological attack , Kelly said Tuesday 's well-publicized drill was meant to deter those who would perpetrate such an attack . "  It pays to advertise to a certain extent . We want anyone who would do us harm to know that we 're out there , that we have the capability to detect , " Kelly said . Eight government agencies participated in the drill , ranging from the NYPD to the U.S. Coast Guard . The exercise took place at the entrance of New York Harbor , just south of the Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge linking Staten Island to Brooklyn . Per the drill 's plan , eight boats were to cross a checkpoint set up by authorities . They were on the lookout for abnormally high concentrations of radioactivity -- a telltale sign of an improvised nuclear device or a radiological dispersal device , more familiarly known as a dirty bomb . Some of the boats were decoys with no radioactive substances aboard , while others had actual radioactive isotopes planted in them . A radioactivity detector in the hull of the authorities ' boats was to identify which vessels had radioactive substances in them . The devices are highly sensitive -- so much so that people who have recently had certain medical treatments can set them off . It was up to the authorities participating in the drill to sort the good boats from the bad -- and to intercept the bad . Only minutes into the six-hour exercise , equipment aboard a police boat detected radioactivity within a small white pleasure craft passing through the checkpoint . Two patrol vessels then converged on the pleasure craft , while officials began to question the driver and his two passengers . Soon after , authorities boarded the boat and used a radiation detector , officially known as a radiological isotope identification detector , to produce a "  spectrum " of the radiological material . They then transmitted the spectrum to the Department of Homeland Security 's Joint Analysis Center  JAC  in Washington to determine precisely what radiological material was aboard the boat . Within moments , the JAC radioed back with a positive identification : Caesium-137 , an industrial radioactive isotope that if used in large enough quantities could power a devastating dirty bomb . Sure enough , when a separate boat containing press and police officers sidled up to the apprehended craft soon afterward , the portable radioactivity detectors of officers onboard began to sound excitedly . NYPD Sgt. Art Mogil said that , in part , the agencies chose to practice on leisure craft to illustrate that radiological weapons could be transported in deceptively benign-looking boats . "  It does n't require a large vessel . A device can be just a few pounds and still be a major threat , " Mogil said . James Waters , counterterrorism chief for the NYPD , said exercises like Tuesday 's were vital because the stakes involved are so high . "  Someone bringing in a radiological or nuclear device would be very serious if not catastrophic , " he said . On an average day , not all incoming maritime traffic in New York City is subjected to the radioactivity tests performed at Tuesday 's drill . An NYPD official declined to specify what percentage of boats normally undergo such screening .	NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly : "  We 're a big city , and there are vulnerabilities " Participating agencies stressed that the drill was not in response to a specific threat Authorities were to decipher sinister intent from any of eight boats in waterway They were on lookout for abnormally high concentrations of radioactivity
CNN  -- More than 1,000 police officers were deployed to the southern Israeli Bedouin town of Rahat on Sunday morning as two dozen Jewish right-wing extremists protested what they said was unlawful Arab construction on neighboring hilltops . A Bedouin Arab girl protests near an Israeli police roadblock on the outskirts of Rahat in Israel on Sunday . Several hundred Bedouin residents who are Israeli citizens held a counter-demonstration in the center of town . About 25 protesters arrived in two buses under police presence . They were allowed to march a short distance , as police on horseback and in a helicopter hovered around . Police closed off the main road to prevent the two sides from coming into contact . "  They are taking over the land of Israel without permission , building on hilltops as you can see here to the right and to the left , " said Baruch Marzel , who is associated with the banned Kach movement . Far-right parliament member Michael Ben Ari of the National Union party said allowing Bedouins to settle on hilltops while removing Jews from hilltops in the West Bank is discrimination . In the town center , residents held a demonstration with lawmakers from Israeli Arab parties in attendance . Talab El-Sana , a Bedouin from the Democratic Arab Party , urged the counter-demonstrators to show restraint . "  We told the people to be quiet , we are not against the policemen , we are against these people who call for discrimination or transfer for the Arabs , " he told CNN . The march ended without any major incident .	Jewish right-wing extremists protest Arab construction in neighboring area Bedouin residents who are Israeli citizens hold counter-demonstration More than 1,000 police officers deployed to calm the protesters Main road closed to prevent clashes ; march ends peacefully
CNN  -- Britain 's Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have released a family photo with their son Prince George , a week ahead of their official visit to New Zealand and Australia . It is just the third official official release of photos of Prince George and shows him with his parents aged eight months at their home in Kensington Palace , London . The Duke of Cambridge , the second in line to the throne , is pictured with his wife and son looking out of an open window . The smiling duchess , 32 , is holding Prince George on her knee as he focuses his attention on the family pet Lupo , a black cocker spaniel pictured sitting on the duke 's lap . Catherine is wearing white , while William , 31 , looks relaxed in a shirt with the sleeves rolled up . George sports a light blue jumper with his name written on it , over a white collar . The picture was taken by photographer Jason Bell , who also took the official photos for Prince George 's christening , last October . The family will be in New Zealand and Australia from April 7 to 25 but it 's unclear what opportunities the public in both countries will have to glimpse the youngest royal in person . Announcing the royal couple 's planned engagements earlier this month , the Prince 's private secretary identified occasions at which the youngest royal might be present , but kept an element of suspense : "  George being just a little over eight-months-old by the time they travel , I 'm sure you will appreciate that the couple will have to make a final decision on those moments much closer to the time . " Prince George 's first official photo was taken by his maternal grandfather , Michael Middleton . It showed Prince William and Catherine -- the latter holding Prince George swaddled in a white blanket -- on the lawn of her parents ' home in Berkshire . New Zealanders may be hoping their country provides the backdrop for an updated version of that photo during the royal tour , after all , Prince William was recorded taking his first steps on the lawn of Government House in Auckland on his first visit , in 1983 . Royal itinerary The Duke last visited New Zealand after the devastating 2011 earthquake in Christchurch . On this trip , the royal couple will visit the city together and stop to remember the 185 people killed . As well as being Prince George 's first visit Down Under , his mother Catherine will be making her debut . "  There 's no hiding the enthusiasm for the visit by both the Duke and the Duchess . The Duke , because he has been before ; and the Duchess because she has never been to either country but has wanted to do so as long as she can remember , " Kensington Palace said in its earlier announcement . The pair may not always be in complete agreement on their trip , however . Kensington Palace said the Duke and Duchess were "  just a little competitive " and some of the events on the itinerary will pit husband against wife . The royal couple will board separate Team NZ America 's Cup yachts for some informal racing in Auckland and coach rival teams in "  rippa " rugby , a non-contact version of Rugby Union , in the South Island city of Dunedin . A century after the outbreak of World War I , the tour will also see William and Kate paying tribute to both countries ' war dead and visiting military bases . Their last day will be April 25 -- ANZAC -LSB- Australian and New Zealand Army Corps -RSB- Day , which originally marked the landing of soldiers from both nations at Gallipoli , Turkey , in 1915 . In the eight-month campaign fought there , 2,721 New Zealanders and 8,709 Australians died , before the allied forces withdrew . The day is now a tribute to those who have died in all conflicts . The Duke and Duchess will plant a seed from a pine tree at the site of the battle at the Australian War Memorial in Australia 's capital city , Canberra , before returning to London . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report	Britain 's Prince William and Kate have released the third official portrait of Prince George The photo shows George with his parents at their London residence , Kensington Palace The 8-month-old is traveling with his parents to New Zealand and Australia in April It is unclear which of their engagements he will be present at during their tour
CNN  -- The former JetBlue flight attendant who soared to instant celebrity after deploying an emergency evacuation slide to dramatically exit an airplane in 2010 has been sentenced to a year of probation after completing a mental health treatment program . In accordance with a plea deal reached in Queens Supreme Court in October 2010 , Steven Slater withdrew his guilty plea on Wednesday to a felony charge of attempted second-degree criminal mischief and will serve a year of probation on a misdemeanor charge of attempted fourth-degree criminal mischief , according to a news release from the Queens County district attorney 's office . Slater , 39 , must still pay $ 10,000 in restitution to JetBlue , the price of repairing or replacing the emergency evacuation chute . He made an initial payment of $ 500 and must continue to shell out $ 831.25 each month , the release said . Slater faced up to four years in prison for the felony charge and up to six months in jail for the misdemeanor charge , the release said . Instead , he underwent a year of court-ordered treatment through the Queens Mental Health Court . "  It 's great to see that there is an alternate to hard time for cases that , in my mind , do n't necessarily merit hard time , " Slater told CNN . "  This was a good alternative . " Slater called the past year "  long " and "  challenging . " He said he spent much of it commuting to the New York treatment facility from Los Angeles , where took care of his ill mother , who died this year . The notorious former flight attendant described the August 9 , 2010 , incident to CNN 's Larry King after his initial sentencing in October of last year . He said that after the flight , which originated in Pittsburgh , landed at John F. Kennedy Airport , he was berated by a passenger whose luggage had been checked because it would not fit in the overhead bin . Slater said he then swiped a few beers from the beverage cart , deployed the evacuation slide and slid out of the plane . He was immediately suspended by JetBlue and proceeded to resign from his post as flight attendant in September 2010 . These days , Slater is spending his time completing a memoir about his years in the airline industry and the day that led to his rise to fame . "  It was kind of a watershed moment , " he said . "  And now I know if I do n't take care of myself , no one else will . "	Steven Slater 's probation follows a mental health treatment program Slater must still pay $ 10,000 in restitution to JetBlue He became a celebrity after deploying an airplane 's emergency evacuation slide
Two men behind bars for more than half their lives over a triple murder walked free this week after DNA evidence tore holes in their convictions . Antonio Yarbough and Sharrif Wilson were teenagers when prison doors clanked shut behind them . Now , in their late 30s , they can hardly believe they 're out . What does freedom feel like ? "  I 'm still going through it right now , " Yarbough said Friday . "  I have n't slept yet . I 've been up for two days now . I have no words for it right now . " Nearly 22 years of hard time Imagine more than two decades in a maximum security prison . Add to that the fact that you 're accused of killing your mother , your sister and your cousin . As if that 's not enough , you were the one who discovered their lifeless , bloodied bodies when you opened the door to your home one night . If it 's hard to imagine what that 's like , Yarbough will tell you . After years in Attica 's maximum security prison among New York 's toughest criminals , he left its high , gray walls behind him Thursday . "  It was a nightmare , " Yarbough told CNN 's Piers Morgan in an exclusive interview . "  Twenty-one years and seven months was more like 42 years and seven months , when you know you 're in prison for something you did n't do . " After reviewing DNA evidence , District Attorney Kenneth P. Thompson said the previous convictions for the 1992 murders in Brooklyn would most likely not stand up in court again and agreed the two men should be freed . "  Anybody looking at this evidence with an open mind would see that there is no chance in the world that Tony murdered his mother and these two little girls , " his lawyer Zachary Margulis-Ohuma said . And that goes beyond the DNA evidence alone . Margulis-Ohuma was convinced Yarbough was innocent years before . At least one false confession detectives coerced out of a scared teenage boy over 20 years ago led to the convictions . A night out After a night of partying , Yarbough , 18 at the time , and Wilson , 15 , went home to Coney Island . Wilson was staying with friends , they said . When Yarbough got home , he opened the door to find his mother , sister and a close family friend lying stabbed and strangled to death . The two girls were partially undressed . Police came . "  I was asked to come down to the precinct , " he said . Officers said they wanted him to tell them who might have killed his family , he said . "  Before you know it , I had this photograph shoved in my face , and I was being threatened and slapped around , and they wanted me to sign a false confession . And I would n't , " Yarbough said . Police also took in Wilson and questioned him separately from Yarbough . But he got similar treatment , he said . "  I was scared , afraid ; I was lied to , manipulated into believing that I was going to go home , if I do tell ... what they said happened . " Wilson said . Faced with a life behind bars , the young boy cooperated for the promise of lighter treatment . Life in prison The two were convicted in separate trials . Yarbough was sentenced to 75 years to life . Wilson got a lower sentence of nine years to life . They sat behind bars for about 12 years , then something important arrived by mail . "  Out of the blue , I got a letter from his  Yarbough 's  aunt , " Wilson said . "  And she asked me , did we really do it . And I had to tell the truth . " He wrote back to her : "  I was wrong for turning on him , but I was scared and pressured into it . " We 're innocent , he told her . "  For many years I felt horrible that I had to do that and that I actually did it knowing that we were n't guilty for a crime we did n't commit , " Wilson said . "  I still feel horrible now , " he said , sitting next to Yarbough . Wilson 's letter led lawyer Margulis-Ohuma and the district attorney Thompson to review their cases in 2010 -- five years after he sent it . Wrongful convictions Thompson came into office in January with promises to restore justice to the wrongfully convicted . This case is part of a review of Brooklyn killings from the 1980s and early 1990s . Then , last year , the right shred of evidence came along in the form of a DNA sample from a rape-murder committed in 1999 . It matched DNA found under the fingernails of Yarbough 's mother , indicating that the same killer probably committed both crimes . In 1999 , Yarbough and Wilson were in prison and could n't have committed the second murder . Margulis-Ohuma called Yarbough in prison to tell him that he was going to be free . "  When I heard about it , I was extremely overwhelmed , " Yarbough said . "  I was happy . " And the DNA was not the only thing that matched . The m.o. was the same , Yarbough said . The victim was stabbed and strangled . "  Hope had finally started to sink in , " he said . Free at last Wilson and Yarbough had not seen each other for more than two decades , when they met in court Thursday . Wilson approached the man he had testified against . "  I just wanted to apologize to him for all I put him through , all I went through . " Yarbough is still in pain over it , but he faults someone other than Wilson . "  I know what they did to him , because I know what they did to me , " he said . As to finding his relatives ' killer decades later , Yarbough said , "  It 's in God 's hand 's now . " He teared up . Both men celebrated freedom by fulfilling some longings they had for two decades . Wilson filled his mouth with a hot slice of New York pizza . Yarbough filled his lungs with New York air .	It starts with a coerced confession Anthony Yarbough and Sharrif Wilson go to prison over a 1992 triple murder They are convicted for the deaths of Yarbough 's mom , sister and cousin New DNA evidence points to a different killer , also linked to a second crime
After a chaotic day that saw Libya pick a new prime minister only for the vote be declared invalid hours later , the volatile North African country appears to have a new premier -- the fifth in more than two years . The General National Congress , Libya 's transitional parliament , seemed to have selected a new prime minister on Sunday , choosing businessman Ahmad Mitig during a lively legislative session that saw several rounds of voting . But almost as soon as Mitig was sworn in , the deputy speaker declared the election invalid . On Monday , the Congress confirmed Mitig as Libya 's new prime minister after approving his appointment . "  Ahmad Mitig was appointed head of the transitional government , and asked to form his cabinet and present it to the GNC for a confidence vote within 15 days , " said a decision signed by Congress Speaker Nuri Abu Sahmein . "  This decision is in effect from date of publication ... and anything that contradicts it is nullified and all those concerned must implement it . " The resolution was numbered as "  No. 38 " and dated May 4 but published Monday . Given Sunday 's dispute , it was unclear what exactly would happen next . The appointment makes the 42-year-old businessman Libya 's fifth and youngest premier since dictator Moammar Gadhafi was toppled and killed in a 2011 revolution . But the confusion was another blow to a transitional government that has struggled to impose its authority over myriad militia groups that have grown in power and influence since the NATO-backed uprising . Parliament 's work has been undermined by internal squabbling and threatened by the North African country 's fractious militias , many of whom fought to oust Gadhafi but have refused to lay down their arms . Sunday 's vote was the latest in several attempts to choose a prime minister . Another vote was abandoned last week when armed men stormed congressional headquarters , sending lawmakers fleeing . It took two rounds of voting before Mitig emerged as the front-runner for the post on Sunday , but he fell short of the 120 votes required in a confidence vote . A power struggle soon erupted in the assembly , with officials giving contradictory versions of the outcome . Second Deputy Speaker Saleh al-Makhzoum said Mitig had clinched 121 votes after voting resumed . But First Deputy Speaker Ezzedin al-Awami , who had chaired the first vote , said it was illegal , as he had already declared the session over . Both men could be seen arguing in the chamber on television . Al-Awami took the role of acting speaker during Sunday 's session . Abu Sahmein , who usually chairs parliamentary sessions , disappeared from public view after the prosecutor general reportedly launched an investigation into a leaked video showing him being questioned over a late-night visit by two women to his house . The premier 's post became vacant after interim prime minister Abdullah al-Thinni resigned last month , citing an attack by gunmen on his family just a month into his term . He continued as caretaker premier until his successor was picked . He had taken over from Ali Zeidan , who fled the country after he was ousted by deputies over his failure to stop attempts by rebels in the volatile east to sell oil independently of Tripoli 's government . Many Libyans in the oil-producing nation blame political infighting for a lack of progress in Libya 's fragile nascent democracy after more than 40 years of one-man rule . A new constitution is in the works -- a process that has been repeatedly delayed by political wrangling -- but many are increasingly frustrated with the lack of economic progress and deteriorating security . To appease the rising popular discontent , the Congress has agreed to hold early elections this year for a new legislature that would also produce a new government .	Ahmad Mitig confirmed by Congress as fifth prime minister since end of 2011 uprising Confirmation follows chaotic scenes in Parliament on Sunday Tripoli government struggling to impose order in country awash with weapons Many Libyans angry at slow democratic progress , worsening security
CNN  -- Voters in Honduras have elected a new president , but it remained in question Monday whether the international community would recognize conservative candidate Porfirio Lobo Sosa . Lobo 's legitimacy remains in doubt because Sunday 's elections were held under the rule of interim President Roberto Micheletti , who assumed power after a June 28 coup ousted President Jose Manuel Zelaya . Many nations said before the election they would withhold recognition if Zelaya were not returned to power . Divisions remained Monday . The United States , Colombia and Costa Rica said they would recognize Lobo . Argentina , Brazil and Spain said they would not . Zelaya , who had called for an election boycott that apparently failed , said he would not recognize the results . The United States on Monday urged Honduras to take the next steps toward resolving the crisis , such as having the nation 's Congress vote on whether to restore Zelaya to power . That vote was one of the provisions of a pact that representatives for Zelaya and Micheletti signed in late October . "  While the election is a necessary one , it is not a sufficient one , " said Arturo Valenzuela , the assistant secretary of state for Western Hemisphere affairs . The Supreme Electoral Tribunal has not made the election results official , but the vote showed that opposition National Party candidate Lobo defeated Elvin Santos of the Liberal Party . Zelaya and Micheletti are Liberal Party members , and their rift splintered the party and may have hurt Santos . Lobo vowed Monday to bring the divided nation back together . "  Nobody wins with this situation , " he said in an interview with CNN affiliate Televicentro TV . "  We all lose . It 's unjust to maintain a polarized country . " Lobo said Monday he had not talked with Zelaya but had indicated earlier he was willing to meet with the deposed president . Zelaya , who had been flown to Costa Rica on the day of the coup , has been staying at the Brazilian Embassy in Honduras ' capital since returning secretly to the country September 21 . Asked if he would meet with Zelaya , Lobo said , "  I will do all that is necessary to bring peace to Honduras . " Some analysts say Lobo has little choice , given the isolation Honduras has been under since the coup . "  Lobo Sosa will probably move to create a unity government and grant Zelaya political amnesty in order to end the political conflict following Zelaya 's ouster , " said Heather Berkman , an analyst for the Eurasia Group consulting firm . Lobo 's victory Sunday was a political redemption . He narrowly lost the presidential election to Zelaya in November 2005 , winning 46 percent of the vote . "  Four years is a short time , " he said jubilantly at his victory speech early Monday . Zelaya supporters said this year that Lobo was one of four presidential candidates who supported the coup . Lobo , whose name means "  wolf " in Spanish , has an easy and toothy smile and intense eyes . His nickname is Pepe . He turns 62 later this month , has been a member of Congress since 1990 and was its president from 2002 to 2006 . He earned a bachelor 's degree in business administration from the University of Miami . "  I am a simple type , originally from Juticalpa , Olancho , " he says on his Facebook page . "  I am of few words but much action . My parents inculcated in me a love for work since I was very young . I have been a cattleman , a farmer , a businessman . " In addition to the presidency , at stake in Sunday 's election were three vice presidencies , 128 congressional seats and posts for mayor and other municipal seats . The other three presidential candidates were Bernard Martinez of the Innovation and Unity Party-Social-Democracy  PINU  , Felicito Avila of the Christian Democrat Party  CD  and Cesar Ham of the Democratic Unification Party  PUD  . A sixth candidate , Carlos Reyes , withdrew in early November . The United States issued a statement Sunday , commending Honduras for the election . "  Turnout appears to have exceeded that of the last presidential election , " the statement said . "  This shows that given the opportunity to express themselves , the Honduran people have viewed the election as an important part of the solution to the political crisis in their country . " The United Nations , the Organization of American States , the European Union and most nations -- including the United States -- had condemned the coup over the summer and demanded that Zelaya be reinstated immediately . It looked like a solution to the crisis had been reached October 29 , when Zelaya and Micheletti agreed to a deal brokered by the United States . The pact said Congress would vote on whether to reinstate Zelaya to power after consultation with the nation 's Supreme Court and other bodies . That vote is scheduled for this week . The Supreme Court ruled last week that Zelaya could not return to office without first facing trial on charges that he acted unconstitutionally when he tried to hold a vote that could have led to the removal of presidential term limits . The Supreme Court had ruled that the vote was illegal and Congress had forbidden it . The coup came on the day that the term-limits vote was to have been held . Micheletti and his supporters have insisted that Zelaya 's removal was a constitutional transfer of power , not a coup . Some leaders of large Latin American countries , particularly those that have been ruled under dictatorships in recent years , are concerned that allowing the election results to stand could embolden other "  adventurers " to try to stage coups . Argentinian President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner said Monday the election was "  a mockery " carried out "  in the most absolute illegality , " the state-run Telam news agency reported . Argentina was ruled by a right-wing dictatorship from 1976 to 1983 . Micheletti stepped down temporarily last week to try to distance himself from Sunday 's elections . He said he would resume office Wednesday . In a letter to the nation Sunday night , Micheletti congratulated Hondurans for the peaceful and substantial turnout . There were no official tallies Monday of how many Hondurans voted . Despite fears of unrest , election day was calm and without major incident . About 35,000 police and soldiers were deployed across the country . Amnesty International on Sunday urged Honduran authorities to reveal the identities , whereabouts and charges against all people detained over the weekend . The new president is scheduled to be sworn in January 27 . CNN 's Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	Voting took place under rule of president who took power after June coup Many nations said they would withhold recognition if ousted leader was n't returned to power U.S. , Colombia , Costa Rica to recognize Porfirio Lobo Sosa ; Argentina , Brazil , Spain wo n't Votes are n't official yet ; Lobo vows to reunite nation divided by coup , fallout
CNN  -- General Motors CEO Mary Barra headed to Congress Tuesday to give testimony about GM 's alleged mishandling of defective ignition switches in its cars . It 's an awkward moment . After all , the automaker is having to explain its questionable behavior to the same benefactor -- the U.S. government -- that financially supported the company when it needed the protection of bankruptcy laws in 2009 . Despite tougher laws enacted in 2000 and 2010 to encourage automakers and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to aggressively root out safety concerns , it is believed that it took GM more than 10 years to publicly acknowledge that it had a potentially fatal problem . Barra testified , among other things , about GM 's recall of 1.6 million vehicles because of faulty ignition switches that may have led to deaths of 13 people . Facing impending litigation , it is proffering an interesting defense , essentially saying : "  That was the Old GM . We are the New GM . Therefore , we 're not responsible . Thanks for buying American . " As you can imagine , whether in the courtroom , the workplace or home , a defense like this would not get you too far . It 's not likely it would even fly in kindergarten . Whether it 's gun charges or throwing Play-Doh at others , avoiding responsibility because the bad behavior occurred at a point in time prior to the present has never been a viable excuse . Yet , for some of the largest corporations , this defense not only thrives , it 's government-approved . Like the mythical phoenix , GM 's bankruptcy filing in 2009 -- and the subsequent restructuring agreement -- allowed the company to rise again from its ashes . After GM filed for bankruptcy , the U.S. government rescued it with a restructuring agreement that , in part , protected the company from legal claims arising prior to bankruptcy . In fairness , the idea of avoiding past liability is not a novel concept in the esoteric world of bankruptcy . In fact , the public policy behind it makes sense . Bankruptcy is a process where people and businesses can eliminate or repay some or all of their debts , under the watchful eye of an intervening federal bankruptcy court . To help them "  start over , " companies or persons may obtain a discharge , or forgiveness , of debt in the process . The debtor is released from liability for the debt . Sorry creditors . Under the approved asset sale agreement in GM 's bankruptcy , what was called "  New GM " agreed to assume liability for products liability claims arising from accidents involving GM vehicles , but only where the accident occurred after July 10 , 2009 , regardless of when the product was purchased . "  Old GM " retained liability for other products liability claims , and "  New GM " assumed no liability for injuries prior to July 10 , 2009 . New GM kept the productive assets , with none of the irritating encumbrances of Old GM . Plaintiffs with pending claims prior to the magic date , and any injuries that arose prior to July 10 , 2009 , are stuck going after Old GM in the bankruptcy court proceeding . The same Old GM that went bankrupt . Good luck . Because of the 2009 cutoff , the lawyers will have to use creative tactics to hold New GM liable . For example , if New GM continued with an ongoing fraud after 2009 to conceal defects , or if it knowingly deceived the bankruptcy judge about its wrongdoing , that could potentially neutralize GM 's supposed immunity . If this is troubling , blame the bankruptcy court and the others who agreed to this cutoff . You can blame New GM , too , but it was just acting as any company does , whether new or old : It exists to maximize profit . Any company 's management is legally obligated to do just that . Bankruptcy recognizes that there will be losers in the process , and those losers are creditors of the company . After all , if a bankrupt company could continue to be hammered by creditors ad infinitum , it would never climb out of debt . Bankruptcy gives many people and businesses a chance to survive , where they would otherwise be ground into dust by creditors , leaving everyone on the losing end . But even though we may justify the economics , the defense itself is anathema to virtually every lesson our society teaches about responsibility and punishment . Imagine if you could declare criminal "  bankruptcy , " and refuse to be incarcerated for any crime occurring before the most recent Groundhog Day . Consider your response if your teenager came home and announced he was declining responsibility for any broken windows or bad grades prior to Tuesday . As a cultural consideration , this abdication of responsibility just feels a little strange when applied to , well , virtually every other aspect of life . Nonetheless , readers are encouraged to try the new defense out the next time the boss calls you into the office for a bad review or you get locked up for drug possession , whichever occurs first . Try this excuse out , and report back . Just remind your persecutor : "  That was then , this is now . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Danny Cevallos .	Danny Cevallos : GM under fire ; faulty ignition switches may have led to fatalities He says 2009 bankruptcy in part protects GM from claims made before then -- sorry plaintiffs He says post-bankruptcy GM can keep assets and avoid liabilities Cevallos : Bankruptcy makes economic sense but counter to responsibility in society
CNN  -- Adam Mansbach 's toddler was n't thirsty . She was n't hungry . And she definitely did n't need Dad to make up another story about farm animals having a picnic and dozing off . The possibility that he would never get to leave her room for dinner or a glass of wine or the world outside became a distinct possibility . The noted author did n't keep his feelings to himself . Instead , he turned his frustration into writing "  Go the F**k to Sleep , " a tongue-in-cheek adult bedtime book that has swept the Internet and has already hit No. 1 on the Amazon bestseller list a month before its June 14 publication date . Illustrator Ricardo Corts captures the colorful mood of Mansbach 's poetry . The cubs and the lions are snoring , Wrapped in a big snuggly heap . How come you can do all this other great sh*t But you ca n't lie the f**k down and sleep ? "  I laughed and laughed and laughed , " said Colleen Oppenzato , a Brooklyn mother of a 3-year-old boy who fights sleep every night and a 1-year-old girl who does n't . "  I thought it was my life . Every single page , you 're like ` yes , yes . ' You do n't need water , you do n't need to go to the bathroom . You just do n't want to sleep . " "  Go the F**k to Sleep " hits a nerve with parents who hope for a life after their kids ' bedtime . Independent publisher Akashic Books has responded to preorders and overwhelming Internet interest by increasing its first printing to at least 150,000 copies and moving up the publication date from October to June . The nightly exhaustion is "  a frustrating part about something we love very much , " said Mansbach , a visiting professor at Rutgers University . "  A lot of these frustrations are not permissible to talk about . We 're not completely honest because we do n't want to be bad parents . " "  Looking at parenting books , there are more and more books that are less earnest about raising your child . They help parents step back and laugh at themselves a bit , " said Mark Rotella , senior editor at Publishers Weekly and father of a 5 - and 2 - year-old . "  It 's more like a parenting book for when the parent is inconsolable in the middle of night and frustrated . "  Rotella warns parents not to leave the book lying around for children to see , noting that the illustrations are captivating . Mansbach , whose novels include "  The End of the Jews " and the best-selling "  Angry Black White Boy , " started out as a poet before writing full-length novels . Each of his new book 's 32 pages is written in the style of a classic children 's picture book , but there are two conversations going on : The first two lines are what the parent is saying to the kid ; the second half is the internal monologue that is never said . The eagles who soar through the sky are at rest And the creatures who crawl , run and creep . I know you 're not thirsty . That 's bullsh * t. Stop lying . Lie the f**k down , my darling , and sleep . At the end of the day , the child never hears the worst of the parent 's frustration . "  The book is all about the obligation of a good parent to internalize the frustration and take the irrational behavior of a child and absorb it oneself , " said Akashic Publisher Johnny Temple . "  The book is an outlet for that frustration , but it completely reinforces parents sucking it up and dealing with it . There 's never a moment where the kid suffers because of the parent . It 's actually pretty idealistic . " A G-rated version appropriate for young children is in the works , inspired by Temple 's censored reading of the book to his 3 - and 5-year-old children . "  They 're aware we struggle every night to get them to sleep , and they get a big kick out of the fact that the book addresses their stall tactics , " Temple said . Has his reading of the book taught his children any empathy for their parents ' nightly struggle ? Not at all . The 3-year-old 's current tactic is to demand Mom or Dad snuggle to get him to sleep . "  And this is after the juice and too many books , " Temple said . Even then , it 's a gamble to get up . "  When you hear his breathing change , can you get out of the bed too early and burn yourself for another 15 minutes ? " The movie rights have been sold to Fox 2000 .	Adam Mansbach turned his frustration with an unsleepy toddler into a funny book Written like a children 's book , the verses have an adult twist to them Title is "  Go the F**k to Sleep , " and the book is soaring on Amazon before publication It 's described as a book for inconsolable , tired parents of toddlers who wo n't sleep
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- The one thing that Egyptians know for certain is that their next president is not a woman . That is because there are no female candidates contesting the presidential elections . All of those running for election can be classified into two categories ; Islamists or Secularists . But within each camp there are distinctions and gradations . There are secularist left-wing candidates , secularist autocrats and secularist old guard . Then there are progressive Islamist , moderate Islamist , revolutionary Islamist and right-wing ones . The one thing that they all have in common is the banality of their engagement with women 's rights and with questions of gender justice . Throughout the official 21 days of presidential propaganda , we the public have learned that all the candidates "  value " women and believe that women are half of the Egyptian society and therefore should be respected and honored . A near century of Egyptian feminism and our candidates can only offer a cloyingly condescending stance on the rights of the voters who will enable one of them to become a president . This is the sad truth about Egyptian politics . It is women who attend rallies , who accept trivial bribes of sugar and rice and who stand in the very long queues to vote . Egypt segregates its polling stations , so the remarkable length of women-only queues is evident for all to see . Yet women are ignored as political agents and as citizens in all presidential programs . See also : Women and the Arab uprisings It is true that these programs are very similar and are generally lacking but still , the projections they make of women and their rights are noteworthy . Female heads of houses feature prominently in these programs . Women living in poverty are being promised cash transfers , medical insurance and access to finance and services . Yet these women need not wait for a new president as they are already entitled to all these benefits ! Our candidates have also promised women access to senior executive positions . Candidates like Amr Mousa , Abu el Fotouh , Ahmed Shafeek and Hamdeen Sabbahi have said "  there is no objection to a woman becoming ... " then finishing the sentence by referring to positions such as vice president or some other senior function . This is also sadly a meaningless gesture since there are no legal or constitutional barriers to a woman assuming high office in any branch of the executive , legislature or now the judiciary . Our candidates are promising to solve the problems that already have solutions , but what about the ones that do n't ? What about to the proliferation of gender discrimination ? What about their position on repeated attempts to repeal family-status laws that gave women the right to unilateral divorce , which enabled women to keep custody and guardianship of their children until the age of 15 , instead of being deprived of their seven-year-old sons or nine-year-old daughters if they are divorced from the father ? Egypt has one of the lowest rates of female labor-force participation  20 %  in the world and perhaps the lowest rate of female representation in parliament  2 %  . Women are present , vocal , active , but excluded and undermined . The new president should have something to say about this paradox . But perhaps candidates would rather remain silent on gender issues so as to please their male supporters . See also : Revolution signals new dawn for Egypt 's women The current constitutions of Egypt guarantee equality and rights to all citizens . But the right to rights is a far cry from the attainment of these rights . Women in Egypt need a vocal champion who will not interfere with their choice of clothes , career or spouse , but who will guarantee that they have access to jobs , to legal protection , and to freedom and equality within marriage and outside it . Women are given sugar , rice and other staples so that they choose the generous candidate . They are being cajoled and gently coerced to give their voices to the candidate chosen by their family or kin . They are not , however , respected as political agents nor "  courted " as supporters with interests and rights . What they need is a commitment , not a handout . A commitment to justice can come from a religious or a secular candidate . Women need not fear a president who "  uses " religion to please the masses and get their votes -- nor be disappointed when the veneer of secularism cracks to reveal an ambivalent chauvinist . Whatever "  style " choices these candidates make , they matter less than their substantive policies and positions . Women in Egypt should not hold their breath or wait for a savior but rather continue to organize and struggle for social , political and economic rights and freedoms . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hania Sholkamy .	Egypt 's women ignored by presidential candidates , says Hania Sholkamy She says candidates have n't addressed gender discrimination Women in Egypt should continue to organize and struggle for social and political rights
CNN  -- Leslie Elder was always a fighter . But in a message to a friend in the waning days of her life , she seemed exhausted . The note , written at a time of spiritual darkness , suggested defeat after a decades-long struggle for medical coverage . "  I honestly do n't know how much more I can endure , " Elder wrote earlier this year in a Facebook message to her friend Liz Jacobs . "  I am fighting for  Medicaid  and disability . I ca n't work I sit in bed I cry a lot . I am still fighting for healthcare and still fighting foreclosure . "  I am so upset but perhaps it was not meant to be . I do n't know anything anymore , " said Elder , who died in July at age 63 without insurance coverage . As she typed the note , Elder could scarcely breathe . Her lungs had filled with fluid over several months ; her respiratory system was shutting down . After visits to the emergency room and several free clinics , Elder was finally diagnosed with Hodgkin 's lymphoma . But what makes her family bristle : Elder did not have to die . If she had had health care , "  Absolutely she 'd still be here , " said Jacquelyn Elder , Leslie 's daughter , adding that Hodgkin 's lymphoma has a high survival rate . "  That is something really hard to deal with . " "  I know she felt scared because there were no options . Why do something  about illnesses  when you know you ca n't get proper care to fix it ? " Except there were options . The Affordable Care Act , which takes full effect in 2014 , was supposed to save people like Elder  with pre-existing conditions and no medical coverage  in the interim by way of high-risk pools , also known as the Pre-Existing Condition Insurance Plan or PCIP . The pools are supposed to be a safety net , but many , like Elder , are falling through the cracks . Elder 's family spent her final months fighting for Medicaid , with no clue that they qualified for Florida 's high-risk pool . They are not alone : Of the estimated 200,000-375 ,000 people expected to enroll in PCIP in the first year , less than one-third have done it , according to the Department of Health and Human Services . Leslie 's husband , Jim Elder , admitted that he did not know many details of the program , and much of the conversation about health care has been confusing . "  I was under the impression that pre-existing  PCIP  did n't start until 2014 , " said Jim Elder in a recent interview with CNN . "  I 'm puzzled . Since this act was passed , to us , people with pre-existing , we were hoping and searching for some sort of way to get health care . The way it has divided the country , some states suing to try and stop it , it 's just confused everybody . It certainly confused us . " Jacobs , a nurse who met Leslie Elder in her role as a health care advocate and spokeswoman for the group National Nurses United , fears the Elders ' story will be echoed repeatedly , even with ACA 's passage . "  In a humane health care system , as much of the rest of the world has , no one would have to know the arcane minutiae of how to apply for a high risk pool , " said Jacobs . "  Everyone would have  coverage  that qualifies you for health care when and where you need it . " That sort of access is promised to many through the ACA , but stories like the Elders ' suggest the act -- at least as it relates to high-risk pools -- still has some kinks . In the midst of the family 's confusion , Elder was unwittingly suffering from cancer again -- her fourth diagnosis . During a 2009 interview with CNN she quipped , "  I do n't get a cold , I get cancer , and cancer , and cancer . " That terrifying litany of cancer diagnoses began in 1988 with a bulging tumor found in her right breast . Thirteen years later , the same diagnosis , this time in her left breast . And in 2005 , it was kidney cancer . The doctor 's grim pronouncement , according to Elder : " ` Your right kidney ... it 's breaking apart . You have a tumor ... and you also have a tumor in your left kidney . ' " Crush of cancer , medical bills snares family By then , the Elders had been on a roller coaster , going from what they describe as the best medical coverage to having none . In between came skyrocketing insurance premiums , high deductibles , and stacks of unpaid medical bills following each cancer diagnosis . At a certain point , feeling like her pre-existing conditions were to blame for her soaring and unaffordable insurance rates , Elder gave up on coverage . Her insurance company Aetna later said Elder 's previous cancer diagnoses were not the culprit for the rate increases . Although the company did not cite a specific reason for the increased rate , Cynthia Michener , an Aetna spokeswoman said : "  There can be other contributing factors to rate increases for small business policies , including , for example , the aggregate cost of the entire pool of small business policies in the state . " During the interview with CNN three years ago , Elder admitted to volleying between fear of the unknown and acceptance of her fate , even though without insurance , she had no idea whether she had cancer again . But telling her story enlivened her , according to friends . "  When she was interviewed for CNN originally , it was one of the most hopeful periods of her years-long struggle , " said Donna Smith , Elder 's friend , an advocate and community organizer with National Nurses United . "  Most recently , as her health grew even worse and she faced the loss of her home and the final parts of her savings , Leslie just yearned for dignity and some sort of peace that never seemed to come . " And nearly three years later , as her death approached , the pendulum had swung decidedly toward fear . "  And me , Ms. Healthcare CNN interview tough person now a scared little girl who after beating cancer 4x now sits in bed with oxygen and breathing treatments , " Elder wrote to Jacobs . "  I was always able to stand up to whatever hit me . I 'm not so sure about things anymore and maybe not so tough . I am scared . " To see if you qualify for PCIP , or to apply , visit PCIP.gov .	Leslie Elder died at 63 without health coverage She did n't know she qualified for the Pre-Existing Condition Insurance Plan Elder 's family spent her final months fighting for Medicaid Her daughter says "  she 'd still be here " if she had had health care
Harvard Law School professor Alan Dershowitz recently claimed that Special Prosecutor Angela Corey , who charged George Zimmerman in the shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin , threatened to sue Dershowitz for libel and slander and to have him disbarred . According to Dershowitz , Corey went into a tirade against him after he strongly criticized her . He said Corey was being unethical for not disclosing material facts to the court in the probable cause affidavit she had filed against Zimmerman and had erred by bringing a second-degree murder charge against him , when the evidence did n't support such a charge . In an article , Dershowitz maintained that Corey called Harvard 's law school dean and was transferred to a communications office staff member . According to this account , she went into a "  40-minute rant " about how she could sue Harvard for his comments . She apparently was reminded that Dershowitz had a right to his opinion and that his comments were a matter of academic freedom . I hope that she was also sent a copy of the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution . Dershowitz claims that Corey was required to include in her probable cause affidavit any information that would tend to exculpate Zimmerman of the charges against him . He 's incorrect , unfortunately . Florida law does n't require a prosecutor to go as far as Dershowitz argues , although I believe such information should be included so that a judge can make a fully informed decision . If the facts disclose that the court was intentionally misled by the way information was presented to it , that is a cause for grave concern and reconsideration . However , offering a bare-bones affidavit is relatively common and so long as the language is truthful , done in good faith and does n't intentionally mislead the court , then the prosecutor is not obligated to provide evidence that might be exculpatory to a defendant in an affidavit . That said , the affidavit Corey filed in the Zimmerman case is about as minimal as I 've seen in more than 30 years of practice as a criminal defense attorney . Corey , Dershowitz and I all might have varying interpretations of the law , but because Corey disagrees with Dershowitz , it surely does n't subject him to being sued by her . If Corey made that threat , it 's frightening for a prosecutor in power to act that way and smacks of prosecutorial overreaching in an effort to chill any critics . Corey has not publicly responded to Dershowitz 's claim . Corey has made the most serious of claims against Zimmerman , charging that he committed a homicide by the intentional killing of a unarmed teenager . Zimmerman may have done exactly that . Conversely , he may not have . The facts will continue to unfold , and more clarity will emerge . Regardless of the outcome , Corey is protected by prosecutorial immunity for her actions , right or wrong . I 'm suspicious when those in power can seemingly act without personal consequence for their actions but behave as if they are also immune from public criticism when they are challenged . They are not . Corey is a public official and public person . When she introduced herself to the American public on the Zimmerman case , she glided on stage , smiled for the cameras , flashed a V for "  victims , " told the country how she prayed with Travyon 's family before she commenced her "  impartial " investigation and made it clear that she would circumvent the grand jury , which was already scheduled , and make the charging decision herself . An elected official , especially one who has beckoned the cameras and reporters to record and transmit her every word and act , should be subject to the closest scrutiny . Once she opened that door , the public has every right to walk in , including Dershowitz . Zimmerman 's history is relevant since it relates to his intent and motive when he shot and killed Martin . Would n't it be fair then that Corey 's history should be similarly relevant when assessments and opinions are made regarding her prosecution of Zimmerman ? Whether the prosecution is a call for justice or a political prosecution is a fair question . Ron Littlepage , a columnist for Corey 's hometown newspaper , The Florida Times-Union , identified a number of people who Corey lambasted when they questioned her tactics or motives . They include Sandy D'Alemberte , former president of Florida State University and the American Bar Association ; David Utter from the Southern Poverty Law Center ; Jeff Goldhagen , a professor and division chief of pediatrics at Shands Hospital ; and the writer , Littlepage himself . Does her behavior suggest a person who listens to no one other than those who agree with her ? Does her criticism of her critics bespeak one who has an agenda that may be greater than the public may see and hear at a news conference ? Corey was appointed by Gov. Rick Scott to prosecute the case after Norman Wolfinger , the experienced state attorney for the 18th Judicial Circuit who had been in office 18 years , mysteriously announced that he was stepping down from the case , "  to avoid even the appearance of a conflict of interest ... " Even though Wolfinger had one of his most experienced career prosecutors , Jim Carter , involved in the case within hours of the shooting and had scheduled a grand jury to consider the case , he unexpectedly left . To this day , there 's no documentation or public statement about what possible conflict of interest existed . From the many I have talked to and from all that I have learned , it is my informed belief that there was no conflict of interest at all . Contrary to some speculation , Wolfinger was n't personally involved in the investigation and had never met Zimmerman or Zimmerman 's father . Why was that prosecutors ' office , which even Corey praised , replaced ? A grand jury could have appropriately considered the case . That 's what grand juries do . Was there a fear that the grand jury might consider the evidence and not indict ? Sure looks like it . If that 's true , then the question is whether a fair and impartial review of the evidence actually occurred . Or were the charges that Corey brought a foregone conclusion from the onset ? Corey and Scott espouse similar political philosophies . They are NRA-supporting , far-right self-described conservatives . It is telling that Corey , who has recently been praised by many in the African-American community for charging Zimmerman , has been subjected to some of the harshest criticism by many in minority communities for other cases . Corey has prosecuted a string of controversial cases . She led the prosecution against a 12-year-old boy , Christian Fernandez , to try him for first-degree murder in the death of his 2-year-old brother . Christian was born to a 12-year-old mother and if he is convicted , will be the youngest person ever sentenced to life in prison without parole in America . Many in the African-American community in Jacksonville are outraged over Corey 's prosecution of an abused black woman who claimed she shot a gun into the air to ward off her abuser . She received a 20-year prison sentence . Were the charges brought against Zimmerman in Martin 's death decided purely on the basis of the evidence and facts , or were political considerations in play , such as Scott 's and Corey 's efforts to appeal to the African-American community ? I hope Dershowitz and others keep their scrutiny , questions and concerns forthcoming and do n't relent . Our democracy and the Constitution require it . If Corey did everything properly on the case , the truth and its outcome will be the ultimate response to her critics . Alternatively , if politics proves to have been the driving force , we will again have proof of the wonders that the First Amendment brings when it is exercised without regard of retaliation from those wielding power . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Alan Dershowitz said special prosecutor threatened him with a lawsuit Mark NeJame : Angela Corey 's handling of Martin case should be open to scrutiny He says outside critics are right to examine whether politics played a role NeJame : Why was n't the case handled in normal fashion by a prosecutor and grand jury ?
