Chelsey Carlson called the police after she said her husband , Staff Sargent Robert Carlson , punched her in the face and fired gun shots at her from the upstairs window of their house . He 's now in jail -- serving eight years in prison for assault with a deadly weapon . Before this incident in 2012 , Carlson served 28 months in Iraq and a year in Afghanistan . Carlson is not alone : As many as nine percent of recent retuning veterans have been arrested , according to a study by the Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology . CNN 's Jake Tapper was granted exclusive access to the Haynesville Correctional Center in Virginia , which houses a program geared specifically toward veteran support services . Many veterans say they did n't know about the resources provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs to help make their transition back into civilian life easier . The program ay Haynesville is one of the first of its kind -- and some veterans say it is providing them the guidance they did n't receive during their time in the military . "  I got out blind , not knowing all that was out there , not knowing that the V.A. could assist with housing or medical or dental or anything like that , " Jimmy Jackson , who was honorably discharged from the marines , said . "  I did n't know any of that . I just got out and figured that was the end of my service . " Jackson spent time in the facility because he forged checks after his military service concluded . "  I was struggling really bad , " he said . "  I needed the money right then and there . " The facility offers a series of services to help veterans help transfer the skills they obtained in the military , including a veterans ' benefit coordinator , anger management courses , job training and substance abuse counseling . 5 ways to honor veterans beyond Veterans Day Drug and alcohol violations are chief among the common crimes for which the 75 veterans serve time in dormitory 5-A OF the correctional center . Archie Tyler , who served in the army in Afghanistan for five years , told CNN 's Tapper he took drugs to deal with "  some of the sights and stuff I seen over there . " "  By us being here I actually kind of got back some of those military values , " he said . "  Now I 'm actually on the right track . " Rasheedah Martin , a counselor at the facility , says the biggest challenge facing the group is post-traumatic stress disorder . Part of her job , she says , is reaching out to the community to let veterans know that their facility can help . Veterans say these support services and peer workshops set their facility apart from the rest of the prison community . Some even called the facility a "  brotherhood . " "  I got a college degree since I 've been here and did really well , " Desert Storm veteran Donald Young said . "  Guys tended to be supportive of that whereas before they were anywhere from indifferent to mocked it and would get in the way of it . " The program is still too new to fully assess its success , but early numbers suggest that the rate of offenders who return to prison after spending time in the facility is lower than average . But when it comes to fighting stigma about seeking mental health in the veteran community , there 's still a long way to go . "  Do n't be too proud to help . Help is out there , " Young said . "  We laid down our lives for the country . There 's people who are willing to do the same for you , for your health and your betterment . " Hagel wants to give some Vietnam veterans a second chance	Haynesville Correctional Center helps veterans with a criminal record adjust to civilian life Veterans say the program provides them guidance they never received in the military Support services include anger management courses and job training
After a 10-year chase taking it billions of miles across the solar system , the Rosetta spacecraft is homing in on its close encounter with a comet . Pictures of the oddly-shaped rock have already been returned but on Wednesday scientists at the European Space Agency , which is leading the project , say they hope to see images from within about 75 miles as the probe carries out the last of its braking maneuvers . If successful , the mission will notch up a series of firsts . Rosetta will be the first spacecraft to orbit a comet on its journey around the sun , and in November mission controllers aim to place the robotic lander Philae on the surface -- something that has never been done before . Previous missions have performed comet fly-bys but Rosetta is different . This probe will follow the comet for more than a year , mapping and measuring how it changes as it is blasted by the sun 's energy . Mission controllers had to use the gravity of Earth and Mars to give the probe a slingshot acceleration to meet its target on the right trajectory . Rosetta also had to be put into hibernation for more than two years to conserve power before being woken up successfully in January this year . Interactive : See how Rosetta chases the comet across the solar system Scientists hope to learn more about the composition of comets and perhaps whether they brought water to the Earth or even the chemicals that make up the building blocks of life . "  It really is such a step forward to anything that has come before , " project scientist Matt Taylor told CNN . Rosetta will soon begin mapping the surface of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko and find out more about its gravitational pull . This will help to find a suitable landing site for Philae and allow engineers to keep Rosetta in the right orbit . As comets approach the sun , any ice melts and is turned into an ionized gas tail . The dust produces a separate , curving tail . It 's these processes that Rosetta scientists hope to be able to study from close proximity . Taylor explained that the survey will show the team what the comet nucleus looks like now and when it gets closer to the sun . "  We 'll be able to make a comparison to now , when its relatively inert , to when it 's highly active ... making this measurement over a year when we 're riding alongside at walking pace and observing how a comet works and interacts with the sun , " he said . "  We are there for over a year to see this compete development to the extent that you may even be able to measure the decrease in the volume of the nucleus ... see how much material has left the comet . " Rosetta 's target comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko is known as a short-period comet . It reappears every six years as its orbit brings it close to the sun . Halley 's comet has a period of about 76 years and is not due to return close enough to Earth to be visible until 2061 . Others only return after thousands of years . Matt Taylor says it is unlikely that you will be able to see comet 67P with the naked eye but you can follow the progress of the mission on Rosetta 's blog and find out more with CNN 's interactive coverage .	If successful , the Rosetta mission will be the first to orbit and land on a comet Scientists hope to learn more about the composition of comets The robotic lander Philae is due to touch down in November Could comets have brought water to the Earth ? Rosetta may help answer the question
CNN  -- Feted as the most talented English player of his generation , whose tears after their semifinal exit of the 1990 World Cup touched a global audience , Paul "  Gazza " Gascoigne had it all . His working class background and precocious talent drew comparisons with George Best , but like the former Manchester United legend , who died in 2005 , the demons of alcohol addiction have taken an ominous toll . "  Alcoholic Paul Gascoigne has been experiencing a tough time of late , " said his management agency GamePlan Solutions in a statement released to CNN on Tuesday . "  He has been asking for help and has willingly been admitted to a treatment center in America . He has complex issues that are currently being dealt with by professionals . "  Paul has been extremely touched and overwhelmed by the generous offers of help and support over the past few days . He is motivated to fully understand and control his addiction problem under guidance . " Since his playing career ended in 2004 , Gascoigne 's life has been on a downward spiral as he has battled both the bottle and compulsive disorders . The 45-year-old has been sectioned three times under Britain 's Mental Health Act and made regular trips to rehabilitation clinics . Barely coherent Each time has come promises of a new start , but the grip of addiction manifested itself again last week at a charity event in the Midlands town of Northampton . Barely coherent as he answered questions on stage , he broke down in tears in an appearance lasting less than 10 minutes . Not for the first time , fears for Gascoigne 's well being were raised by friends and supporters , including Gary Lineker , a teammate for both England and Tottenham Hotspur . It was Lineker , who famously signaled to the England bench in the semifinal against Germany at Italia 90 after Gascoigne had been yellow carded , meaning the heartbreak of missing the final should the team have made it . Gascoigne 's tears of frustration that day formed the basis of Lineker 's concern -- now nearly 23 years later , his fears are over a more serious matter . Reacting to the latest sorry incident , Lineker , a respected television presenter , tweeted : "  Lots of you asking for my thoughts on Gazza 's plight . I can only hope he finds peace somehow , but fear those hopes may be forlorn . " From outside the game , CNN 's Piers Morgan was quick to lend his support to the fallen star . Great support "  Anyone who knows Paul Gascoigne knows how desperate he is , and has been , to sort himself out . He deserves our sympathy , not ridicule . #Gazza , " he wrote on his Twitter feed . Lineker and Morgan were reported to have assisted to get Gascoigne admitted to the specialist clinic in Phoenix , Arizona to deal with his alcohol and related problems . Another close friend , former England Test cricketer Ronnie Irani , helped to get Gascoigne on a plane to the United States , as he confirmed in an interview on national radio . "  I had a chat with  BBC radio DJ  Chris Evans and he just asked how we could help him , " Irani told TalkSport . "  We knew we just had to get him on this flight , out to Phoenix , we just had to get him on the plane . "  I called British Airways and explained the situation , that we had to get him out to Phoenix to get him some help . He needs it , and if not , who knows what 's going to happen ? " Irani added : "  It 's tough . Mental health issues are a serious , serious subject . "  But sadly he 's not been able to help himself . "  So many people rang up yesterday to help Paul Gascoigne , like you could never believe , but the truth is he has n't been able to help himself . " Gascoigne 's precocious talent was first recognized by his local club Newcastle , though his troubled upbringing in an area of the north-east city noted for social deprivation , may well have been the basis for his troubled life . Top talent But the midfielder 's talent on the pitch was undoubted , once taunting opponents by sitting on the ball in the middle of a hotly contested English top division match . Turning down an offer from Alex Ferguson 's Manchester United , Gascoigne signed for Tottenham and made his first of his 57 appearances for England shortly afterwards . Then national manager Bobby Robson famously labeled him as "  daft as as brush " because of his unpredictable and compulsive behavior , but had no complaints as Gascoigne proved central to England 's 1990 World Cup success . Robson 's predecessor Graham Taylor first flagged up a wider problem , referring to Gascoigne 's "  refuelling " problems -- a clear reference to his liking for alcohol . When Terry Venables , Gascoigne 's club manager at Tottenham , took over the England team , he had to cope with the infamous "  Dentist 's Chair " incident in Hong Kong . Supposedly preparing there for Euro 96 , Gascoigne and teammates were pictured in a bar sitting in a chair and having alcoholic drinks poured down their throats . After scoring a brilliant individual goal against Scotland in the tournament , Gascoigne lay prone on the Wembley turf and allowed teammates to spray water in his mouth , mimicking the controversy . But eventually the jokes turned sour and off field problems and lack of fitness were cited when Glenn Hoddle left him out of England 's squad for the 1998 World Cup . Gascoigne reportedly smashed up his hotel room in response and at the same time was going through a very public divorce from his wife of two years Sheryl . In two subsequent "  bare it all " autobiographies , Gascoigne admitted to once striking his wife during an argument , asking for forgiveness . Fading career After spells at Lazio in Serie A and Scotland 's Glasgow Rangers , Gascoigne saw out his career with Middlesbrough , Everton , Burnley , a Chinese club Gansu Tianma and lowly Boston United . Since retiring , Gascoigne has tried a career as a TV pundit , briefly coached a non-league side and played in a number of charity matches , still displaying his formidable skills . Interspersed have been appearances in British courts for drunken driving and a drugs offense , but he has narrowly avoided serving a custodial sentence . His fall from grace mirrors that of Best , who battled alcohol problems after his glittering career came to an early end . Northern Ireland 's Best died of complications arising from an earlier liver transplant eight years ago and Gordon Taylor , the chief of the Professional Footballers Association  PFA  , is worried the same fate could befall Gascoigne . "  We just do n't want this to be another George Best tragedy , " Taylor told BBC national radio . "  He does need a big support system , and he 's got it from lots of friends . But there is a frustration that when things look to be improving , it all goes off wire . " Taylor also refuted suggestions that the PFA had not done enough to help Gascoigne .	Former England star Paul Gascoigne in rehab facility in Arizona Gascoigne admitted after latest alcohol fueled incident The troubled 45-year-old has "  complex issues " say his management company A number of leading showbiz and sports stars show public support
CNN  -- Not content with climbing Mount Fuji or scaling the Burj Khalifa in Dubai , the Google Street View team has once again stretched the limits of their brief , this time with a full tour inside an Emirates Airbus A380 . Viewers can have a nose around an empty aircraft , from the escape ropes in the cockpit and the sea of economy seats on the lower deck to the well-stocked Business Class bar and the First Class showers on the top deck . Last week the Dubai-based airline marked five years of flying the A380 and earlier this year opened a dedicated A380 concourse at Dubai airport . First look at Dubai 's new A380 concourse "  Five swift years have gone by since Emirates changed the face of air travel with this remarkable aircraft , " said Tim Clark , President , Emirates Airline in a press statement . "  Its popularity is now firmly rooted across our six continent network . " According to Emirates , since their first A380 flight in August 2008 , the airline has loaded 4 million bread rolls onto their superjumbo planes from their Dubai base , along with more than 157,000 fresh flower displays , 538,500 baby food jars , over 1 million toothbrushes and more than 4 million teabags . Emirates has a fleet of 35 A380s flying to 21 destinations , while nine other international airlines have the aircraft in their fleet . British Airways was the latest to join the A380 club last month ; the UK flag-carrier will begin using the jet on its high-volume London to Los Angeles and London to Hong Kong routes from October . Ten more airlines have A380 planes on order . How do you pick up a ` superjumbo ' A380 ? With a wingspan of 79.8 meters and length of 72 meters , the A380 is the biggest passenger jet in the sky . It can carry up 517 people and cover 15,000 kilometers  9,320 miles  in a single journey . Rivals Boeing launched the latest version of its largest jet , the 747-8 , last year . As well as space for more passengers -- up to 467 -- the manufacturer states the new model produces 15 % less emissions is 30 % quieter that the old 747-400 . Boeing 's new 747-8 Intercontinental	An Emirates Airbus A380 is the first aircraft to be explored via Google Street View Views can enter the cockpit or the bar at the back of the upper deck First Class has a shower for the premium-paying passengers Currently ten airlines operate the A380 , with ten more with orders for the plane
CNN  -- Egyptian student protesters who back the Muslim Brotherhood are accused of torching the cafeteria of a Cairo university , state media reported . The protesting students allegedly stormed the colleges of trade , engineering and science at Azhar University on Saturday and set fire to its cafeteria , according to the official MENA news agency . Authorities arrested 60 students , the Ministry of the Interior told state-run Nile TV . The protesters were armed with Molotov cocktails and other weapons , the ministry said . One student was killed in the violence , the Muslim Brotherhood said in a statement . The Brotherhood said security forces , "  in an attempt to silence any voice of opposition , " fired tear gas , live bullets and birdshot at the protesting students . Students at the university have been on "  strike " following the killings of students and professors by security forces , the Muslim Brotherhood said . The clash at the university is the latest in a string of incidents between security forces and backers of the Muslim Brotherhood . The Egyptian government this week declared the Brotherhood a terrorist organization . The government has threatened to arrest anyone who attends Muslim Brotherhood protests or provides financial support to the organization , an Islamist group which helped propel ousted President Mohamed Morsy to power . Morsy , the nation 's first democratically elected president , was forced out of office in July by the nation 's military and arrested following widespread protests and petitions calling for his removal . Detractors said he was a tyrant trying to impose conservative values . Supporters called his removal a coup and a blow to the democratic movement that toppled former Egyptian strongman Hosni Mubarak in 2011 . In clashes in Cairo on Friday , at least three people died and 265 were arrested . CNN 's Ian Lee contributed to this report .	Officials say student protesters set fire to a cafeteria at a university The protesters are backers of the Muslim Brotherhood One student protester was killed , according to the Muslim Brotherhood
Embattled Toronto Mayor Rob Ford apologized for "  a lot of stupid things " Sunday but said he wo n't resign despite reports that police have video that purportedly shows him smoking a crack pipe . "  Friends , I 'm the first one to admit I am not perfect . I have made mistakes . I have made mistakes , and all I can do right now is apologize for the mistakes , " Ford said during an appearance on Toronto radio station CFRB . "  I want to move forward , but I also know to move forward I have to make changes in my life , which I can assure you that I will do , " he added . "  I love the work I do , and I 'm going to keep doing it . " Ford co-hosted CFRB 's "  The City " with his brother Doug , a member of Toronto 's city council . In response to callers , he said his apology referred to two previously reported incidents where he appeared to have been drunk in public and "  a lot of stupid things , all self-inflicted " that he did n't detail . He has repeatedly denied using crack and has not been charged with any crime . In May , two media outlets began to report that Ford was recorded on video last winter using crack cocaine . Thursday , Toronto Police Chief William Blair told reporters that investigators had recovered a video from a computer seized during a drug investigation that featured images "  consistent with those that have previously been reported in the press . " Blair said Ford appears in the video but would not detail what he 's doing . Ford said Sunday that he has n't seen the video , and he called on Blair "  to release this video for every single person in the city to see . " Toronto mayor says he wo n't resign despite possibly damning video "  That is the right thing to do , and Chief , I 'm asking you to release this video now , " Ford said . "  Whatever this video shows , folks , Toronto residents deserve to see it , and people need to judge for themselves what they see on this video . " Ford was elected to a four-year term in 2010 and has touted tax cuts and streamlined government under his administration . He told listeners that he wanted to finish his term and let voters decide whether they want to keep him in 2014 . "  Unfortunately , I can not change the past . I can just move forward and learn from the past , which I assure you I am doing , " he said . Most of the calls taken on the show were from self-described supporters , some of whom urged Ford to step down . "  I am not a hater , and we all make mistakes , and none of us are perfect , " one woman said . "  I just personally believe that maybe you need some time away and come back fresh . " Another told Ford , "  I want you to take a medical leave . Just a medical leave . The city will survive . You need it ... Please listen to me . Your family deserves better . " But others urged him to hang tough : "  I think you 're just getting railroaded by the corrupt media , " another caller said . In May , the website Gawker and the Toronto Star newspaper published stories saying their reporters had seen 90 seconds of a cell phone video showing the 44-year-old Ford , as the Star described it , "  inhaling from what appears to be a glass crack pipe . " Later in the video -- as described by the Star -- an "  incoherent " man both the Star and Gawker claimed to be Ford ranted about a number of subjects . The video , which has never been released publicly , shows a "  clearly impaired mayor , " two reporters who say they saw the video wrote in the Star . Then , police recovered video from deleted files on a computer hard drive that was seized during a drug and gang investigation , according to a 465-page report by Toronto police disclosed last week . The report includes hundreds of redacted pages and states that police sources believe the photo of Ford that first surfaced in May is taken in front of a "  trap " house used to "  chop " crack . Police documents also detail evidence used to obtain a search warrant for a man suspected of drug trafficking , Alexander  Sandro  Lisi , who police say is the mayor 's friend as well as his driver . Photos collected by police show Ford and Lisi together on a number of occasions , including attending a Toronto Maple Leafs hockey game , according to the documents . Lisi was arrested Thursday and charged with extortion , according to a police statement . He is accused of using extortion to retrieve a recording , it said . Blair said a digital video in police custody will be shown in court in an effort to support the charge against Lisi , who was released after a bail hearing Friday , his lawyer , Seth Weinstein , said . Addicts shoot up in safe haven in Canada	Ford says his apology covers "  a lot of stupid things " but provides few details Caller urges him to take medical leave : "  Your family deserves better " Police say they have video of Toronto mayor "  consistent with " reports of him smoking a crack pipe Ford calls for the video to be released and says he wo n't resign
CNN  -- Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso set the pace during practice for Sunday 's Belgian Grand Prix . The Spaniard was quickest in both the morning and afternoon sessions as his rivals for the drivers ' championship lagged behind . Alonso posted a lap of two minutes , 0.797 seconds in a rain-hit morning session but improved to record a second lap of one minute , 49.032 seconds in the more favorable afternoon conditions . Force India 's Adrian Sutil was 0.125 seconds behind Alonso , while McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton came third . Drivers ' championship leader Mark Webber was left trailing by a full 2.6 seconds . Webber told Formula One 's official website : "  Today was a bit of a messy day with the changing conditions , but it was actually pretty good for us . We got some good information to go through and I 'm looking forward to tomorrow . "  There are a few quick guys out there , but we 're not slow either . It 's hard to get a feel for what everyone 's doing with the changing weather . It 's a beautiful track here , it 's special - today we got to sample it in all conditions . " After the morning session was dominated by rain , the afternoon stint was delayed by a red flag , then concerns for the crowd after spectators appeared to climb onto fences for a better view of the track . It led to a chaotic end to the final session , but Alonso managed to complete his quickest lap of the day shortly before time ran out . Alonso told the Formula One website : "  The impression one gets on Friday does not always get confirmed on Saturday and Sunday , therefore we have to evaluate today 's results with a lot of care . "  Having said that , it has definitely been a positive day , because the car seems to respond well in all track conditions that we encountered today . " Renault 's Robert Kubica came fourth , Alonso 's teammate Felipe Massa was fifth , Sebastian Vettel came sixth in the Red Bull , while Jenson Button was seventh overall -- four places behind McLaren teammate Hamilton . "  The weather made it a bit of an up-and-down day , " Hamilton said . "  It started off very wet , so we did n't do too much running in the morning . But we got a few more laps this afternoon on the intermediates and then the option tire . "  Because the rules do n't allow us to use too many wet-weather tires - we only have three extremes and four intermediates - we really need to look after them , so we were very cautious , just in case we need to use them later on in the weekend . "  We 're definitely making small steps forward . This track does seem to suit our car better -LSB- than in Hungary -RSB- , but let 's not get ahead of ourselves . "  If it rains , then we seem to be competitive , but we have realistic expectations for this weekend - I did n't score in the last race , so it 's important that we get more points on the board on Sunday . "	Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso is quickest in practice for Sunday 's Belgian Grand Prix Alonso posts lap of one minute , 49.032 seconds at Spa circuit Force India 's Adrian Sutil came second with McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton third Championship leader Mark Webber of Red Bull was 2.6 seconds off Alonso
New York  CNN  -- This could have caused a major blast from the past . Workers cleaning a cannon , last fired more than 200 years ago , were shocked to find Friday that it was still loaded with gunpowder , wadding and a cannonball . The preservation workers from New York 's Central Park Conservancy were removing rust from the antique cannon , which once fired munitions aboard the British warship HMS Hussar , when they made the explosive discovery , New York police Detective Brian Sessa said . Dena Libner , a spokeswoman for the Central Park Conservancy , said the workers found the munitions after removing a concrete plug from the mouth of the cannon . Workers immediately called 911 , and technicians determined that the gunpowder was still active . Authorities removed about 1.8 pounds of black gunpowder from the scene and took it to a gun range for disposal , the detective said . Libner said the cannon was a gift from an anonymous donor to the city in 1865 and was stored for a period of time because of vandalism concerns . It is now part of the organization 's restoration program , she said . "  We silenced British cannon fire in 1776 , and we do n't want to hear it again in Central Park , " New York police said in a statement to CNN affiliate WCBS . The loaded artillery piece was one of two Revolutionary War-era cannons being stored at the park 's Ramble shed , near the 79th Street transverse , according to the affiliate . "  This was an amazing surprise , " John Moore , author of the upcoming book "  The Secrets of Central Park , " told WCBS . "  It was there for so many years , and people were sitting on it when it was a loaded cannon . " The Hussar sank in November 1780 , according to the New York Journal of American History .	NEW : Workers removed concrete plug before discovery The cannon fired munitions aboard the British warship HMS Hussar Authorities remove about 1.8 pounds of gunpowder and dispose of it at a gun range Author : "  It was there for so many years , and people were sitting on it "
COVINGTON , Louisiana  CNN  -- A woman recruited over the Internet and shot to death during a Ku Klux Klan group 's initiation rite felt a need to be wanted and was eager to be part of a group , authorities say family members told them . Relatives describe Cynthia Lynch as having a deep need to feel wanted and eager to join groups . Her relatives told investigators that Cynthia Lynch , 43 , of Tulsa , Oklahoma , had never been outside her home state , said Capt. George Bonnett of the St. Tammany Parish Sheriff 's Department . But she recently took a bus to Slidell , Louisiana , where she was met by two Klan members and taken to a campsite in the woods near Sun , Louisiana , about 60 miles north of New Orleans . Bonnett and Sheriff Jack Strain gave CNN this account of what happened : During the initiation rite , members of the Klan group , which calls itself the Sons of Dixie , shaved Lynch 's head . After 24 hours of drills , including chanting and running with torches , she asked to be taken to town . An argument began and the group 's leader , Chuck Foster , allegedly pushed her to the ground and shot her to death without warning . Lynch wanted to leave the campsite because she was homesick , investigators concluded after talking to Lynch 's family in Tulsa . Watch how an initiation rite went wrong " Strain told CNN that Foster used a knife to remove the bullet . Other members of the Sons of Dixie helped cover up the slaying for Foster , their leader or "  Grand Lordship , " Strain added . The attempt to conceal the killing included burning the woman 's personal items , Strain said . The new details emerged Thursday as the FBI announced it was assisting local authorities . The FBI 's top agent in New Orleans , Louisiana , said the agency usually does n't monitor specific groups , but will look into whether any federal laws were violated . "  The FBI is working closely with local law enforcement authorities investigating this recent incident , " said Special Agent in Charge David W. Welker . He added that the FBI would "  aggressively investigate " any leads and urged anyone with information to call the FBI at 504-816-3000 Sheriff 's investigators said they received the intitial tip about the killing from a convenience store clerk . Two of the group members went into the store and asked the clerk if he knew how to get bloodstains out of their clothes , Strain said . The clerk told them no , and called the sheriff after they left . Officials tracked down those two members and arrested them . Authorities established telephone contact with other members of the group who were still at the campsite and let them know law enforcement officials were on their way . They surrendered without incident . Foster was elsewhere in the woods , but he also surrendered , the sheriff said . Watch report on Klan initiation gone awry " The woman 's body was found under loose brush along a road several miles from the campsite . At the campsite , investigators found Confederate flags , KKK banners , five Klan robes and an Imperial Wizard robe . Foster , 44 , is charged with second-degree murder . He remained Thursday at the St. Tammany Parish jail with no bail set , authorities said . Seven other suspects also remained in jail Thursday , charged with obstruction of justice . Bail for each was set at $ 500,000 . On Wednesday , sheriff 's investigators searched a house Foster had rented for the past five years in Bogalusa . They found Klan paraphernalia , documents and computer files . Among the seized documents were membership applications , titles and a chain of command for group members "  We recovered various documents out of that home that are giving us an indication of the organizational structure and the organizational guidelines of the group , " Bonnett said . Fred Oswold , chief of criminal investigations for the sheriff 's office , said the Sons of Dixie Klan group is small and that most of its members already had been arrested . "  So far we have learned that they were a small group , but they were fairly organized , " said Oswold , who said his agency is working with the FBI to learn more about the group . CNN 's Katie Ross contributed to this report .	Louisiana Klan group called itself the "  Sons of Dixie " FBI says it is working with local police Chuck Foster , 44 , charged with second-degree murder in death of Cynthia Lynch Others involved in initiation are accused of trying to conceal the killing
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least 13 people were killed and 28 others were wounded in a suicide bombing Monday at a market near the Pakistani Army 's headquarters , police said . Those killed in the attack at the Royal Artillery Bazaar include civilians , security personnel and at least one child , Rawalpindi police official Muhammad Maqbool told CNN . The Royal Artillery Bazaar is in a highly sensitive military area close to the general headquarters of the Pakistani Army in Rawalpindi , a city that neighbors the Pakistani capital of Islamabad . Police said that attack took place at 7:50 a.m. , during a busy period for people traveling to offices and schools . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack through their spokesman Shahidullah Shahid . It comes the day after an explosion at an army checkpoint in the northern city of Bannu killed more than 20 people and wounded dozens more . That blast was also claimed by the Pakistani Taliban , who said it was to avenge the killing of one of their commanders in a U.S. drone strike last year . Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif condemned the Bannu attack and said he was canceling a planned trip to Davos , Switzerland , where the World Economic Forum takes place this week . CNN 's Sophia Saifi reported from Islamabad and Zahir Shah reported from Peshawar .	NEW : The death toll rises to 13 , including one child , police say The Pakistani Taliban claim responsibility for the attack The explosion hits a highly sensitive military area near the army 's general headquarters It comes the day after an attack on an army checkpoint killed at least 22 people
Nancy Reagan is recovering from a number of broken ribs sustained in a fall in March , a representative for the former first lady said . Reagan , 90 , was unable to attend a speech given Tuesday evening by House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , at the Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley , California . "  Mrs. Reagan has been recovering slowly and has been adding a few appointments back on to her schedule , but was advised by her doctor today not to try and attend large events too far from home just yet , " Joanne Drake , a spokeswoman for Reagan , said Tuesday . "  She personally invited Congressman Ryan and really wanted to be here , but sent her apologies to him earlier today . " Since President Ronald Reagan died in 2004 from Alzheimer 's disease , the former first lady has been involved with the National Alzheimer 's Association and its affiliate , the Ronald and Nancy Reagan Research Institute in Chicago . However , she has been hospitalized at least twice in recent years and her public appearances have been rare . In February 2008 , she spent two days in the hospital following a fall at her home , but the following month was able to hold a press conference endorsing Sen. John McCain for president outside her Bel Air , California , home . Later that year , she was hospitalized in October for a broken pelvis a week after a fall at her home . She admitted herself to a hospital after experiencing "  persistent pain , " Drake said at the time , and tests revealed a fractured pelvis and sacrum , the triangular bone within the pelvis . In 2009 , Reagan helped unveil a statue of the late president in the Capitol rotunda , and in February 2011 , she laid a wreath on his grave on what would have been his 100th birthday , during a reopening ceremony of his presidential library . Reagan Foundation threatens legal action over blood vial sale In August 2011 , Reagan lost her balance and fell as she arrived at the presidential library to hear U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida , speak . Rubio caught her before she hit the ground , and she was escorted to her seat uninjured .	Reagan misses a speech by Rep. Paul Ryan The former first lady is 90 She broke a few ribs during a fall in March , a representative says
CNN  -- As rockets and missiles fly across the Israeli-Gaza border , CNN 's Ben Wedeman describes the mood on the ground in Gaza . Is there a mood for war in Gaza ? No . Among people with no affiliation with one faction or another , there is little enthusiasm for this flare-up . People here are exhausted . They see no benefit whatsoever of firing missiles into Israel that result in airstrikes that are extremely disruptive to daily life . Keep in mind that last summer after the overthrow of the Morsy government in Egypt , many of the tunnels under that country 's border with Gaza were destroyed , so the economy is in abysmal shape . Most Gazans would like to see an immediate return to peace . They 're frustrated that since 2006 when Hamas won elections and took over , Gaza has been under siege . It 's very difficult to leave here ... it 's very difficult to earn a living , therefore few people are supporting this flare-up . Why is this happening now ? Are people supportive of Hamas ? Hamas is defiant , saying the blood of the martyrs will be fuel for the Intifada . On Monday night it claimed responsibility for 60 missiles fired into Israel . They 're on a war footing . Hamas is blaming Israel for the current flare-up but it 's not putting out any olive branches . They 're going to contribute firing missiles into Israel until there 's some sort of cease-fire . In November 2012 the Egyptians were able to intercede between Israel and Hamas and that led to a ceasefire , but now you have a very different government in Cairo that is hostile to Hamas and seems uninterested in intervening and bringing calm to Gaza . What is the attitude towards Israel ? The majority of people in Gaza are the descendants of those who were driven or fled from their homes in 1948-49 , some from the very same areas currently being hit by rockets from Gaza . There is a deep sense of loss , of dispossession which is particularly intense in times of conflict . One man told me today "  I hope they bomb the Knesset , " referring to the militants firing rockets . Another outside a house in Khan Yunis that had just been struck by a missile that left seven dead told me "  the Israelis have been killing us since I can remember . And they will continue to kill us after I die . " Are there dissenting voices critical of Hamas in Gaza ? Yes there are . Many people you speak to are opposed to it because all the rocket firing does is make the situation worse . One man I spoke to said : "  Of course we dislike Hamas and want them to go , but if I were to say that in public there would be trouble for me . " Obviously there are few dissenting voices in public ; privately there are many . The only real opposition to Hamas is Fatah , but that faction that is dominant only in the West Bank , not in Gaza . Has the crisis reached a tipping point ? Why has this flare-up happened now ? Is it about more than just the tit-for-tat killings of the Israeli and Palestinian teenagers ? In the aftermath of the Israeli teenagers kidnapping on June 12 , Israeli officials made it clear they were operating in the West Bank and elsewhere on a two-track approach . On the one hand they wanted to find the boys and catch the kidnappers ; on the other they were cracking down on Hamas . That 's certainly set the tone . But you have go back to April 1 when Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas announced there would be a unity or reconciliation pact between Fatah and Hamas . The pact had much to do with Israel 's decision to stop negotiating with the Palestinians in U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry 's Middle East peace initiative . And so the rhetoric coming out of Israel against Hamas and the unity pact has been intensifying since April 1 , and redoubling since the June 12 kidnapping of the Israeli teenagers . Is the situation affected by the unrest in Iraq , Syria and Egypt ? This is not a recent conflict : it goes back 100 years to the arrival of the first Zionist settlers in Palestine and this is just the latest chapter in a very long book . It 's affected of course by the situation elsewhere in the region , but it 's very much its own problem . Some Israeli government and military officials in government are worried that the unrest elsewhere could impact the situation in the West Bank in particular . They understand the West Bank is unstable : you 've seen clashes in Gaza , clashes in Palestinian-Israeli cities in northern Israel . They are aware that instability outside Israel could be mirrored by instability within Israel and the territories it controls . How are conditions in Gaza compared to previous visits you 've made there ? It 's grim . Most stores are closed , and that may be a function of Ramadan , or it may be a function of the grim state of the economy since the upheaval in Egypt last year . There 's a weariness about the constant abnormal situation : keep in mind that the second Palestinian intifada began in September 2000 and Gaza saw the most intense clashes and fighting between Israeli forces and Palestinians . That was followed by the Hamas takeover in June 2007 . Then at the end of 2008 into 2009 there was the Israel-Hamas war . Then in November 2012 there was another flare-up between Hamas and Israel . Now there 's this . So the economic situation being what it is , people are absolutely exhausted by the constant hammering of problems , crises , wars , clashes , upheavals . The situation is getting worse . There 's no sign that Israel 's siege of Gaza , as they call it , is easing . Israel continues to maintain a strict control of what enters and leaves Gaza in terms of products , medicines and people . Egypt also has a tight grip on that border , and often the border is closed for weeks on end . Air and missile strikes are getting worse . Many people are dependent on the United Nations , which provides a lot of relief supplies , in one way or another . If you 're lucky you can get a job with the Hamas-led government , with the police or the bureaucracy . There are people engaged in farming and light industry . But jobs are few are far between . What 's likely to happen next ? We 've heard from the Israeli defense ministry that the operation is likely to last for several days at least , so I think we can expect more of the same . This morning an Israeli defense spokesman said they believed Hamas has an arsenal of about 10,000 rockets . At some stage they 'll run out , but so far the defense ministry believes they 've only fired about a tenth of that arsenal , so the firing is probably going to continue . Israel says it has two objectives in this mission , which they call "  Operation Protective Edge . " One is to stop the rocket fire on Israel , and the second is to strike at Hamas . But Hamas is not just a military organization : it is a political organization ; it is the government in Gaza . It runs schools , hospitals and clinics , so what does it mean to strike at Hamas . In the past Israel has talked about destroying Hamas , which no one in Gaza thinks is a reasonable or realistic goal . So this could go on for days or weeks . In 2009 the war went on for just over three weeks . I do n't think this will go on that long , but it could last a while . What is the international community doing to calm tensions ? It 's not altogether clear . In the past Egypt had some sway with Hamas , but this is n't necessarily still the case . The Egyptian Prime Minister Abdel Fattah el-Sisi is extremely hostile to Hamas , which is the Palestinian off-shoot of the Muslim Brotherhood , which he has mercilessly cracked down on . So he wo n't be shedding any tears seeing Hamas taking a beating in Gaza . The U.S. considers Hamas to be a terrorist organization , and to the best of my knowledge , does not talk to it . And therefore there seems to be no intermediary involved trying to defuse this situation . The Turkish government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has good relations with Hamas , and decent relations with the U.S. , and that 's one of the powers that could become involved . But as of yet there 's no sign of this happening . So there 's no sign of urgency in the international community to become involved . There are of course many other fires burning in the region : Iraq , Syria , Libya . Gaza and Israel is an old conflict that has frustrated many potential peacemakers in the past , and scares off many others who may contemplate it in the future . In Washington all we 're hearing are the usual calls for restraint . They do n't seem , in public at least , to put much pressure on Israel -- they 're always hesitant to do that -- and they have very little means to pressure Hamas .	CNN 's Ben Wedeman says there 's little enthusiasm in Gaza for the flare-up with Israel He says Hamas is defiant but in private many Palestinians are opposed to their leadership Israel 's anti-Hamas rhetoric intensified after Hamas reached a pact with Fatah , he says There 's been no sign of urgency in the international community to become involved , he says
CNN  -- Liverpool striker Luis Suarez "  needs education " after continuing to protest his innocence despite being punished for racial abuse , according to a former English player . Suarez was banned for eight games and fined $ 63,000 on Tuesday , pending an appeal , for comments made to Manchester United 's Patrice Evra during a match in October . His club issued a lengthy statement on his behalf after the ruling , as did his teammates before Wednesday 's match against Wigan , and his lawyer held a press conference in Uruguay . Manager Kenny Dalglish backed the 24-year-old on Twitter , and also wore a t-shirt depicting the Uruguay international as he continued the defense in his pre-game interview . "  Clubs will defend their players , they are their assets -- they will defend their players to the hilt , " said Paul Mortimer , a former England under-21 international who played for Charlton and Aston Villa but now works with the Show Racism The Red Card campaign . Footballers are TV stars , and should act like it "  The most important thing now , after the punishment , is education . He has highlighted when talking about the cultural differences that he needs some education , he needs to be able to understand that when you come to another country you have to respect the laws and the rules . "  When I go abroad and my children come with me , you educate them on what is the norm in that environment . It 's folly to say that he did n't know that -- he 's an international footballer , he played at the World Cup in South Africa . You ca n't tell me that he did n't understand what was required in this country . " Suarez reportedly called Senegal-born France international Evra "  negrito " -- a Spanish term meaning "  black " which can be endearing when used with friends , but otherwise is considered offensive . British journalist Matthew Syed said Suarez , who played for Dutch club Ajax from 2007 to the start of this year , had no excuse for pleading ignorance about the potential offense such a word could have in the UK . "  I find this defense breathtakingly implausible from Suarez . He 's lived in Europe for four years -- the idea that he did n't know that this particular terminology would be deeply offensive to someone like Patrice Evra is absolutely ridiculous in my opinion , " Syed told CNN . "  I do n't think it 's an adequate defense anywhere in a multicultural society , in a cosmopolitan environment like football , to say that ` This sort of racist terminology is okay where I come from , so you have to put up with it . ' "  You have to obey the law and conventions of the place you are living in . " England soccer captain Terry charged with racism FIFA president Sepp Blatter caused anger when he told CNN last month that there is no problem with on-pitch racism in football , but Mortimer insists that is not the case . "  I think there is an issue , this proves there is an issue , " the 43-year-old told CNN . "  There are more players that have suffered from racist abuse but never really spoken out about it . "  I myself suffered from it when I was playing . But you find it 's difficult to speak out about it , because the highlight is then put on the victim . "  One question I was always asked was , ` Are you really sure ? ' Am I really sure that someone is racially abusing me ? I think I am . What is black and white becomes gray , because you get questioned . "  Throughout this situation the most important thing is , ` What was said ? Was it said ? ' If it was then it is something we have to deal with -- investigate , and punish if punishment is necessary . " Liverpool 's Suarez fined , suspended over racist remarks Syed , a former table tennis international who now writes for The Times , said racism in English football is not as much of a problem as it once was . "  In the 1970s and '80s , football was a place where far-right political groups would stalk the terraces for people to sign up for their hateful ideology , " he said . "  Black players were booed , monkey chants were issued towards them , banana skins were thrown on the pitch . It 's a lot better now than it was then , no question about that . "  I 'm rather encouraged by the fact that a lot of top players have come out and instead of condoning and being apologetic for what  Chelsea captain  John Terry and Suarez are alleged to have said , they 've come out with quite a zero-tolerance approach . " England skipper Terry is facing criminal charges over alleged racial abuse of Queens Park Rangers player Anton Ferdinand , with a possible maximum fine of  # 2,500 . He could face further action from the English Football Association depending on the outcome of his February 1 court case . Suarez 's punishment , the first of its kind in England , paled in comparison to several previous high-profile FA disciplinary rulings . Former England captain Rio Ferdinand was banned eight months in 2004 for missing a drugs test , Eric Cantona was sidelined for the same period in 1995 for karate kicking a fan , and in 1998 Paolo Di Canio was suspended 11 matches for pushing a referee . "  There 's not much of a precedent , it 's a bit like plucking a number out of the air , " Syed said . "  But even if this is n't as severe as those cases , it is nevertheless a significant deterrent . Liverpool are going to miss Suarez , no doubt about that . "  It 's also a partisan case . It 's not just the clubs that are divided on this moral issue -- Chelsea backing Terry , and Liverpool with Suarez -- it 's also the fans of both clubs . There is an issue for football , the partisanship trumps the bigger moral questions that are the most important ones . "	Liverpool officials and players rally around Luis Suarez after his punishment for racist abuse But an anti-racism campaigner says the club should be trying to educate the player instead Paul Mortimer , also a former player , says Suarez needs to learn cultural understanding Journalist Matthew Syed tells CNN that Uruguayan had no excuse for pleading ignorance
Thousands of former football players and their families reached a settlement with the National Football League on Thursday in a lawsuit that put concussions , and their impact on the brain , under the microscope . The deal calls for the NFL to pay $ 765 million to fund medical exams , concussion-related compensation , medical research for retired NFL players and their families , and litigation expenses , according to a court document filed in U.S. District Court in Philadelphia . The agreement still needs to be approved by the judge assigned to the case , which involved more than 4,500 plaintiffs . "  It 's been a struggle to get to this point , but today I will say I 'm very proud that the NFL has decided to stand up for all the former players who are suffering from brain injuries , " Kevin Turner , a former NFL running back who has been diagnosed with ALS , said during a teleconference . "  Today is so important for those who are ... hurting . This will bring help for them today . " Former NFL player wants brain studied The case mediator , former U.S. District Judge Layn Phillips , called it "  a historic agreement , one that will make sure that former NFL players who need and deserve compensation will receive it , and that will promote safety for players at all levels of football . " "  My hope is that any players or ex-players that are suffering , or begin to suffer , from symptoms of dementia , will be taken care of in a respectable manner through this settlement , " said Chris Dronett , one of the plaintiffs , whose husband Shane Dronett committed suicide in 2009 at age 38 . Scientists found evidence of chronic traumatic encephalopathy , or CTE , in Shane 's brain after his death . At the heart of the lawsuit was plaintiffs ' allegations that the NFL led a deliberate misinformation campaign -- primarily through its Mild Traumatic Brain Injury Committee -- to deny scientific data being presented in the medical community about concussion risks . NFL concussions : The facts The suit alleged that misinformation , which included studies by the committee suggesting no correlation between concussions and long-term brain damage , trickled down to players so that they did not not realize the true risks they were taking while playing . The NFL did n't comment about the settlement , but a league spokesman previously has said , "  Any allegation that the league sought to mislead players has no merit ... and stands in contrast to actions it took to better protect players . " Family members of former players , some of whom are suffering from neurodegenerative illnesses , said they were stunned to find out the lawsuit had been settled so quickly . "  I had two thoughts . First , I 'm glad that the league will finally take responsibility , " said Tia McNeill , the ex-wife of former Minnesota Viking linebacker Fred McNeill , a plaintiff who suffers with symptoms of early dementia . "  The other thing I was thinking is that  the NFL  did n't want to go into the discovery phase of the case . " Study offers clues about how CTE begins Without a trial , without a discovery phase to reveal evidence , there is no way to discern what the league knew -- or did not know -- about concussion risks , and whether in the face of scientific knowledge , it should have established safer practices for players sooner than it did . In recent years , the NFL has attempted to strengthen rules that govern player conduct on the field and added sideline medical staff -- unaffiliated with the teams -- in an effort to evaluate more independently injured players . But many have ventured that these rule changes could have been implemented years ago . Tia McNeill said her decision to join the suit on behalf of her ex-husband was less about compensation and more about the NFL acknowledging the potential risks of repetitive traumatic brain injury . What is most important , said Jamal Anderson , a former player and plaintiff , "  is to bring attention to the plight of thousands of players and the importance of taking concussion and head trauma seriously . " In an interview on CNN , Anderson , who played for the Atlanta Falcons in the 1990s , said that by settling , the league was not accepting responsibility for allegations in the lawsuit . But , Anderson said , "  at least they put the proper foot forward to say , ` Hey , these players , the guys who played the game before the current players actually matter . ' " Opinion : Why my son will never play football The settlement includes a $ 675 million fund set up to compensate players who have suffered brain injury , or their families ; a maximum of $ 75 million for retired players ' medical exams , which could be used to diagnose future neurodegenerative disease ; and $ 10 million devoted to research and education . The rest of the settlement would be devoted to legal fees and the cost of administering funds to plaintiffs . The funds will be doled out over 20 years . Meanwhile , the impact of the settlement may never fully register for former players such as Fred McNeill . Tia McNeill , who has not yet shared the news of the lawsuit 's settlement with her ex-husband , said she can predict his reaction . "  I think he will pay attention for a minute , say ` Oh wow , ' and then not really think about it until someone brings it up again , " she said . "  It 's not something he 'll remember tomorrow . " A tale of two former NFL players -- and their brains	NFL will pay $ 765 million to fund medical exams , research , mediator says Agreement between NFL and ex-players still needs to be approved by judge Class-action suit alleged league did n't do enough to warn players about brain damage risks
CNN  -- "  Terrorists use Guantanamo Bay prison to recruit new members . " Aasif Mandvi , "  The Daily Show 's " senior correspondent , passionately made this argument as our first guest ever on the weekly CNN podcast "  The Big Three . " Mandvi thinks it 's time to close Guantanamo Bay now -- and I could n't agree with him more . President Obama brought this issue back to the forefront when he renewed his call to close the prison facility . Obama explained at his press conference on Tuesday : "  It is critical for us to understand that Guantanamo is not necessary to keep America safe . ... It hurts us in terms of our international standing . It is a recruiting tool for extremists . " Mandvi echoed President Obama 's sentiments that the United States can not simply hold people indefinitely without affording them the opportunity to answer the charges against them . "  Why ca n't we try these prisoners in court ? We have done that with other terrorists like Timothy McVeigh , " Mandvi said . Mandvi , who appeared in the Off-Broadway play , "  Guantanamo , " and can be seen in the soon-to-be-released comedy film , "  The Internship , " spoke about his discussion with the father of a Guantanamo detainee . The father made a simple plea to Mandvi : "  Try my son in court , and if you find him guilty of being a terrorist , execute him . If not , then let him go . " There are 166 prisoners in the prison . Eighty-six of them have been cleared for release by our government but have still not been set free . Many of these prisoners are on a hunger strike to protest their indefinite detention . In response , prison officials are force-feeding them by inserting tubes through their nasal passages , a practice that the U.N. Human Rights Office declared as torture . Should the U.S. government close Gitmo and put the prisoners not cleared for release on trial ? That 's the first issue in this week 's episode of "  The Big Three , " which features CNN contributors Margaret Hoover , John Avlon and me . Here is a brief summary of the big three issues we took on : 1 . Guantanamo Bay Prison -- close it now ? Our guest , Mandvi , emphatically argued yes . Hoover noted that more than 40 of the prisoners have been deemed too violent to ever be released . Avlon expressed concerns that national security secrets could be released if these prisoners were tried in open court . 2 . Is Jason Collins , the NBA player who came out of the closet , the Jackie Robinson of gay athletes ? While all three of us applauded Collins ' courage in coming out , we disagreed over its significance when compared to Jackie Robinson . Avlon argued that Robinson was far more important because racism was a much more polarizing issue at the time and also , Robinson was a far superior athlete . We all agreed , though some of the criticism Collins received makes it clear the fight to end homophobia still has a long way to go . 3 . Who will voters pick in the congressional special election in South Carolina next week ? Mark Sanford , a Republican former governor who famously cheated on his wife by sneaking off to Argentina , or Elizabeth Colbert Busch , a liberal-ish Democrat who is the sister of Comedy Central 's Stephen Colbert ? Avlon was the moderator of a recent debate between Sanford and Busch . Some were shocked that Busch brought up Sanford 's past affair . I 'm not shocked . In fact , I think it tells us a great deal about Sanford 's character . Avlon argued that many have forgiven Bill Clinton for his escapades , why should n't Sanford get a second chance ? Hoover noted that the demographics of the district are becoming moderate , which can help Busch win the May 7 election . We would love to hear your thoughts on these issues . To listen to this episode , click on the Soundcloud audio player on this page . Or you can find us on iTunes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	CNN Radio podcast features CNN Opinion contributors on top three stories Dean Obeidallah : Our guest , Aasif Mandvi , argues that we should close Gitmo Margaret Hoover : Jason Collins was courageous in coming out of the closet John Avlon : Why not give Mark Sanford a second chance - even though he had an affair ?
CNN  -- This month on Inside the Middle East -- Zain Verjee hosts from Doha , Qatar . Art Treasures Revealed Ancient art finds a modern home in Doha at the Museum of Islamic Art as it celebrates its first anniversary . From jewelry to textiles to ceramics and metal work , the galleries host an unparalleled collection of artifacts spanning the 7th to the 19th centuries , from Spain to China . The minimal Arabesque cubism design of the building was done by award-winning architect I.M. Pei , famed for his Pyramid at Paris ' Louvre Museum . Schams Elwazer takes us inside Doha 's cultural landmark . Campus Forum -- University students share their thoughts In a region where 60 percent of the population is under 30-years-old , IME is going to universities to gauge the pulse on campuses and to speak to tomorrow 's business and industry leaders . On this edition we visit the Virginia Commonwealth University in Qatar and ask design students about their passions , concerns , identity issues , and what it means to be young in the Middle East today . On campus we also catch up with an industry leader -- architect and humanitarian entrepreneur Cameron Sinclair of Architecture for Humanity and hear his message of global action to young design students . Your IME Diary We report from on the ground in Mecca , Saudi Arabia where millions of Muslims gathered for the annual Hajj pilgrimage followed by the celebrations of Eid Al-Adha . Qatar launched the first annual World Innovation Summit for Education  WISE  , hoping to become the educational equivalent of the World Economic Forum , aiming to "  create a new international multi-disciplinary platform to shape education models of the 21st century . " In the UAE , the Abu Dhabi Art exhibit brought famous names to its galleries while the Dubai World Championship brought golf stars to its greens . You can watch Inside the Middle East at the following times in December : Wednesday 2 December : 0830 , 1430 , Saturday 5 December 0830 , 1700 , 2030 , Sunday 6 December 0530 , 1530 , Monday 7 December 0300  all times GMT	Discover treasures from across the Islamic world at the Doha museum Find out what is on the minds of university students in the Middle East IME reports from Mecca as millions celebrate the Hajj and Eid Al-Adha
CNN  -- Give a designer and aviation geek some time and a pencil , and you might just get something great . At the very least you 'll get something spectacular . Oscar Vials , a Spanish designer and aviation enthusiast , has released details , and incredible pictures , of what he is calling the "  greenest aircraft imaginable . " Inside the world 's strangest-looking airplane Equipped with self-repairing wings , large windows , a vertical takeoff ability and room for 755 passengers , the "  AWWA Sky Whale " joins several other outlandish proposals for future aircraft that have cropped up in the last couple of years . Airbus predicted we 'd be flying in transparent planes by 2050 , while pilotless planes and space flight have also been forecast . Vials ' design uses hybrid engine technology and "  active wings , " among other things , to create a plane that , should it ever get built , will not only look great but will be one of the safest and most efficient planes in the sky . The gallery above describes some of the features .	Passengers will have virtual reality "  windows " to view whatever they want Rotatable engines will allow the Sky Whale to take off vertically Vials designed the aircraft to have self-repairing wings
CNN  -- Last year Kevin Hart sold out two consecutive nights at New York 's famed Madison Square Garden , a venue that most standup comedians aspire to at some point in their career . For Hart , who took the arena 's stage as part of his global Let Me Explain comedy tour , which also filled Los Angeles ' Staples Center and London 's O2 Arena , the occasion was so momentous that it deserved its own film . The comedian , along with directors Leslie Small and Tim Story , used the performance as the centerpiece of his new movie , "  Kevin Hart : Let Me Explain , " which opens in theaters Wednesday . Although largely a standup movie , "  Let Me Explain " is framed with a fictional intro where Hart is inundated with a barrage of questions about his life and career -- all of which he determines to answer onstage at Madison Square Garden . This opening offers the comedian an opportunity to showcase the worldwide aspect of the Let Me Explain tour before eventually revealing his entire standup set . The comedian , who has numerous feature films in the works and recently made a brief appearance in the apocalyptic comedy "  This Is The End , " spoke with CNN.com in a suite at the Beverly Hills Four Seasons the day of the movie 's premiere . Hart , clad in sunglasses to veil his exhaustion , recounted the process of creating "  Let Me Explain , " why he got so emotional onstage at Madison Square Garden and how he might be the busiest person alive . CNN : When you were filming your Let Me Explain comedy tour last year , was the intention always to make it into a feature film ? Kevin Hart : Yes . I was n't sure of the direction I wanted to take the movie in , but I just knew I wanted to document everything I was doing that year because it was so much , especially the world tour aspect of it . It was just putting camera crews in place to capture absolutely everything that we did and at the end of it just put the pieces of the puzzle I had in my head together . It all came together well . But as we were going along I tracked it and I knew the pieces I had , and it was just tying them together . CNN : How did you come up with the idea for how the movie is framed ? Hart : I need a segue into the documentary aspect of -LSB- the movie -RSB- and the best way to do that , I felt , was to jokingly address what 's been happening to me for the past two years . Everybody coming up to me asking questions , and when I go to answer it they tell me what their answer is . You do n't allow me to tell them what 's going on -- you tell me what you think you know because you 've heard things about me . It was a different way to open a standup film and I 'm all about being different and trying to break ground with original ideas . CNN : Do you legitimately feel like you have to explain yourself ? Hart : Yes and no . At the end of the day your fans are the people who support you in and out . And their opinions matter . As a celebrity you can try to say you do n't care and say , "  This is my life , I do n't live for other people " all you want . But we do n't . We have no obligation to do things for our fans , but my feeling is that we do n't get to where we are or get what we get without the support of our fans . So if there 's questions going around that your fans have because of things that they 've heard , I think you do owe it to them to address it . CNN : At the end of the movie you get really emotional about being in Madison Square Garden . What does it mean to you to perform in a venue like that ? Hart : You 're looking at me achieving a goal that I did n't think was achievable . I 'm sure everyone knows now that only a few have performed in Madison Square Garden . That list is so small . Now I 'm on that list . I 'm a part of a very small group , which is unbelievable . You relish in that moment for a second . When I did that onstage it choked me up because I genuinely thought about what I 've accomplished and where I was and what I did to get here . And now that I 'm here , the sky 's the limit . I 'm in love with this , with making people laugh . And the fact that I had this venue to do it in was crazy . CNN : Now that you 've conquered Madison Square Garden , do you have a new goal you 're aiming to achieve ? Is there even a bigger venue you could play ? Hart : I have no idea where you go next . None . No idea ! I 'm scared . CNN : Do you approach standup in the same way you would approach a movie or TV role ? Hart : I do n't approach it like it 's a movie role . I genuinely love doing standup and I 'm a comedian first , so for me what makes my standup special is the fact that I do n't have to adapt or adjust . I am who I am . I appeal to everyone , hence in the movie doing a world tour . I 'm not changing , I 'm not adjusting my voice , I 'm not changing my speed and the way that I talk . This is me . I 'm actually funny . So I think the prep for that is me just enjoying what I do . CNN : When you talk about your family and your kids in your standup , is that coming from a personal place ? Hart : Personal place . The motivation is wanting to put myself out there so people can see that I 'm genuine and I 'm real . What you see is what you get . It 's not fake . I 'm not trying to be someone else . I 'm being myself . CNN : What else do you have coming up beyond "  Let Me Explain ? " Hart : I have like five movies coming out . Everything will be out in 2014 and 2015 . I think I 'm getting the opportunity to play the kind of character I 'm interested in now . The movie "  Ride Along , " starring Ice Cube and myself , is an action comedy and I 'm doing everything I ever wanted to do in the film . -LSB- I also have -RSB- "  About Last Night , " which is a remake of the original , starring Michael Ealy , Joy Bryant , Regina Hall and myself , and "  Grudge Match , " which stars Sylvester Stallone and Robert De Niro . I 'm about to do one with Will Ferrell -LSB- and -RSB- I 'm about to do one with Seth Rogan . I 'm sure I 'm forgetting one . CNN : And you were just cast in the new Chris Rock movie as well , right ? Hart : Yeah ! My part , from what I understand , is I 'm playing an assistant . I have n't read the newest draft that came in . But it 's a funny reveal cameo he asked me to do . CNN : What 's the status of the second season of your TV show "  Real Husbands of Hollywood ? " Hart : That will be in its third season . The second season starts premiering , I think , in September or October , and that 's probably when we 'll start shooting -LSB- the third season -RSB- . CNN : What does your average day look like ? Hart : No sleep ! Right now I 'm probably going on 27 hours awake . So my days are hectic . Once I 'm done with this today I go to Conan O'Brien . After that I go to the premiere . I got to introduce the premiere . Then I get on a plane and I fly to Vegas . I land and I go straight to the set and I 'm shooting until 4 a.m. It 's ridiculously crazy . At some point I 'm just going to shut down . I do n't know when it 's going to happen today , but someone 's going to stop talking to me and I 'm going to be asleep . Once I stop talking it 's all over .	Kevin Hart is releasing a new concert movie called "  Let Me Explain " The film documents his world tour and set at Madison Square Garden Hart also has several upcoming movies alongside Chris Rock , Robert DeNiro and Ice Cube
CNN  -- A push for some social media love by the New York Police Department backfired badly , with Twitter users taking advantage of the invitation to mock the NYPD and other departments nationwide . The department on Tuesday asked folks to post photos of themselves with its officers , using the hashtag #myNYPD . The response was swift and overwhelmingly negative as tweeters hijacked the hashtag to post photos they said showed police brutality or misconduct . "  Free Massages from the #NYPD . What does YOUR Police Department offer ? " tweeted @OccupyWallStNYC , which posted an image of officers holding a man , seemingly screaming , with his arms behind his back , on top of a car . "  The #NYPD will also help you de-tangle your hair , " tweeted @MoreAndAgain , posting a photo of an officer pulling the hair of a person who appears to be under arrest . Similar hashtags sprang up around the country , with #MyLAPD , #MyCPD and #MyAPD among those trending Wednesday morning . In a tweet that showed a Chicago police officer who appeared ready to punch someone with a camera , @ 70torinoman quipped , " #myCPD extending his fist out to the community . " The tag #MyAPD referred to Albuquerque , New Mexico , where a Justice Department report recently blasted what it called a long history of police brutality and unnecessary deadly force . But a New York police spokeswoman defended the campaign despite the backlash . "  The NYPD is creating new ways to communicate effectively with the community . Twitter provides an open forum for an uncensored exchange and this is an open dialogue good for our city , " said Deputy Chief Kim Y. Royster . Indeed , the posts were n't all bad . "  M  y photo from my ride along with the boys from the 90th pct , " tweeted @poshwonderwoman , showing a woman posing alongside three smiling officers . One user even criticized the backlash . "  People are so lame , there 's a lot of good cops out there as well , " tweeted  $	New hashtags spring up mocking police in several U.S. cities New York police ask folks on Twitter to post photos , using hashtag #myNYPD The response was swift -- and overwhelmingly negative A spokeswoman defends the campaign : "  This is an open dialogue good for our city "
CNN  After staying away from the news of the attack , Zunera Mazhar felt so outraged that she had to say something . "  Being a mother , having a 6-year-old daughter , how do I explain it to her ? ` No , this is not us ? ' " said the Muslim from Virginia . The immigration worker 's powerful video message hit on the emotions some Muslims around the world were feeling : outrage , disgust and shame . "  I am just livid , " said the 31-year-old . "  I do n't know why we feel that it 's OK to kill innocent people in the name of protecting something that does not need or require protection . I am really sorry to the whole world as a Muslim that we have some ignorant people that have taken some very ignorant actions in the name of faith . " To be clear , Mazhar and other Muslims who spoke to CNN were not apologizing for their beliefs -- some are apologizing to the world on behalf of their religion , sullied by the few Muslims extremists who attacked French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo this week . Of the 12 people who died , four were cartoonists and one was a Muslim police officer on the scene . Theresa Corbin , a self-described feminist , converted to Islam two months after September 11 . The New Orleans resident wears a hijab and says she has felt more stares than normal after the Paris terror attack . "  I fear the attack will mean that people will be more likely to sneer at me , to call me names in public , or even attack me , " she said . "  But I hope that it means that people will ask me questions about my faith and that I can make it clear that these attacks have no place in Islam . " I 'm a feminist and I converted to Islam Perception is also playing into Ahmad Basel Burghul 's mind . The 20-year-old student from Istanbul , Turkey , is no longer thinking of studying abroad in France . The attack made him suspect that some French might look upon Muslims differently after Wednesday 's attack . Meanwhile , Stephanie Dunbar Siam , an American living in Muscat , Oman , was initially angry at the "  hijackers " of her religion . But she became angrier when she realized she would have to reassure the people around her that "  This is not Islam . " "  I want to reaffirm my intense alarm and disheartening at the deaths of the Charlie Hebdo staff members . But I will not apologize for my beliefs or my religion , " she said . Siam sees this time as an opportunity to educate people . "  It means I will persevere even harder to learn more about my faith so I can counter misunderstanding and discrimination in a positive manner , the way Prophet Mohammed did it . "	Shame , anger and outrage are among emotions felt by Muslims since Paris attacks Some Muslims apologized on behalf of their religion , not for their beliefs Are you a Muslim ? Share your perspectives with CNN iReport
CNN  West Indies batsman Chris Gayle has scored the first double hundred in Cricket World Cup history . The big hitter reached his double century off just 138 balls in a Pool B match as the West Indies defeated Zimbabwe by 77 runs in Canberra , Australia . Gayle 's knock of 215 off 147 balls beats the previous best by South Africa 's Gary Kirsten , who scored 188 not out against the United Arab Emirates at the 1996 World Cup . The 35-year-old left-hander -- the only batsman to hit a century in Twenty20 Internationals -- blasted 16 sixes and 10 fours during his innings as the Windies finished on 372 for two off 50 overs . "  It was slow at the start , but you have to take the bull by its horns and try to put some pressure on them , " Gayle said , BBC Sport reported . "  Eventually the field spread and I targeted which balls to attack . When I got past one hundred , I knew I wanted it to be a double hundred , so I 'm glad I got the chance to deliver it . " The Jamaican made a shaky start surviving a close LBW decision off the first ball of the match before eventually losing his wicket to the final ball of the innings . "  With the innings , I struggled at the start and it was scary the first ball . I was like ` come on you 're not serious , I ca n't be out on this first ball ' . I needed a chance and got a break and made the best use of it . " West Indies , two-time winners of the Cricket World Cup , recorded a shock loss against minnows Ireland in their first group game but bounced back with a win against 1992 champions Pakistan in their second pool match .	West Indies ' Chris Gayle broke cricket World Cup records by hitting a double century in a match against Zimbabwe Well known for his powerful batting , it took Gale 138 balls to reach the historic 200 mark He was almost out on the first ball after an LBW appeal from Zimbabwe
CNN  -- Some mobile and Web users got a disconcerting warning on Wednesday when digital alerts incorrectly showed a tsunami may be headed toward the coast . A National Weather Service message , that was meant as a test , instead appeared on the service 's website and was pushed to mobile apps that rely on it for information . AccuWeather 's app was among those that sent a tsunami warning to users in parts of California and Washington . "  AccuWeather sent out an automatic alert to our App users , -- a programmed message to get this warning out as quickly as possible , " said Evan Myers , chief operating officer of AccuWeather . "  We subsequently determined that this was a test message from the National Weather Service and that the warning was not real . " The service 's office in Seattle confirmed as much , tweeting : "  A test message for a Tsunami Information statement is showing on our website . This is only a test . There is no tsunami threat . " "  We have retweeted NWS ' clarification via social media , " Myers said via email . "  We apologize for any confusion regarding this test message . We are committed to providing critical life-saving information in a timely manner . " While the scare was addressed quickly , that did n't stop some social-media users from freaking out a little bit in the meantime . "  THIS IS A TEST . We 've got a few folks calling in and freaking out about this message , " Seth Wayne , a weather forecaster for Seattle 's KOMO , wrote on Twitter . The National Weather Service bulletin was sent at 9:30 a.m. PDT  12:30 p.m. ET  . What to know about tsunamis	A test alert from the National Weather Service was accidentally shared publicly It issued a tsunami warning for parts of the Northwest The service quickly noted the post was a mistake
EW.com  -- The last time we saw him on our TV sets , T. R. Knight was playing "  Grey 's Anatomy " 's beloved Dr. George O'Malley before he met an untimely end in 2009 . In his first television role since  he 's been continuing a successful stage career  , Knight plays somewhat against type : George O'Malley was the bumbling , baby-faced surgeon with a nervous smile and horrible luck with women ; his latest character , Gabriel Thomas from last night 's "  Law & Order : Special Victims Unit , " is an alleged  SPOILER ALERT !  "  power-reassurance serial rapist " with a neck tattoo -- sure , the tat is of a yin-yang symbol -- but still , a neck tattoo pretty much never screams "  nice guy . " Gabriel sure looks like George , but that 's where the similarities end . Like George , Gabriel 's into blonds , but only of the submissive variety -- that would certainly exclude Izzie Stevens . It 's rather inspired to cast an actor so associated with a recognizably benevolent character in such a disturbing role  sort of the effect Elijah Wood had as the expressionless , evil Kevin in "  Sin City "  . Seeing Knight go from a bright-eyed family man one moment to a sinister predator who snarls , "  Tell me you love me , Mommy " to the women he 's assaulting  ick  in the next is appropriately chilling . And , as it turns out , the dichotomy makes even more sense as , in a twist typical of this long-in-the-tooth series , Knight is pulling a Sarah Michelle Gellar and playing estranged identical twins , one of whom has a seemingly charmed life whereas the other 's is in serious shambles . It may be a long shot , but for fans , his appearance on "  Law & Order " might be a sign of more T. R. to come . In the enduring spirit of cross-promotion , NBC seems to use "  SVU " as a testing ground for future series leads . Beautiful relationships between NBC and stars often begin in that famous interrogation room . Just look at Hayden Panettiere 's two roles ramping up to Heroes , and Maria Bello 's significant role last season en route to Prime Suspect  which really is getting better -- save that show !  . Even though Knight 's return to TV was welcome in my eyes , I found his performance weirdly unsatisfying . He did n't get to sink his teeth into his role  s  as much as I 'd hoped because a lot of the episode was devoted to initiating new detectives Nick Amaro  Danny Pino  and Amanda Rollins  Kelli Giddish  ; plus , his characters ' Southern accent sounded a bit inconsistent -- anyone else notice that ? See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	In his first television role since ` Grey 's , ' Knight plays somewhat against type His character is into blonds , but only of the submissive variety He did n't get to sink his teeth into his role
San Francisco  CNN  -- Sony plans to release the PlayStation Vita , a portable video game player , on February 22 , 2012 , in the United States , Canada and Europe , the company announced at a technology conference on Tuesday . The Vita will succeed the PlayStation Portable , or PSP , and PlayStation Go , a smaller version of the hand-held device . The Vita has a touchscreen and a touch-sensitive pad on the back of the device , along with the buttons and control sticks gamers expect to see on controllers . Sony Computer Entertainment CEO Jack Tretton and a Sony spokesman demonstrated a sequel to a popular PlayStation 3 game called "  Uncharted : Golden Abyss . " Players can use the standard controller or manipulate the character using touch controls , as the spokesman showed onstage at the Web 2.0 Summit . The game looks very attractive -- but when shown on the big screen , not as sharp as a console game . Sony previously announced pricing for the Vita , with a version that connects to the Web via Wi-Fi costing $ 250 and another that has 3G wireless data connectivity for $ 300 . Nintendo made deep price cuts to its portable 3DS system just five months after a strong launch when sales began to slow . Analysts expect Sony will struggle to sell consumers a dedicated hand-held game machine now that smartphones and tablets have become powerful enough to handle powerful games . "  The advent of smartphone gaming is quite additive to what we 're trying to accomplish , " Tretton said . People may look to the Vita when they want to graduate from more simplistic games sold on phones , he said . The Vita will first hit stores on December 17 in Japan , where Sony 's portable systems have fared better .	Sony announces a February 22 , 2012 , release for the PlayStation Vita A 3G version will cost $ 300 and one without will cost $ 250 The device will debut in Japan on December 17
CNN  -- A Texas teacher has been "  suspended without pay pending discharge " after accusations that she sent racially charged tweets about the incidents in Ferguson , Missouri , a representative for the Duncanville Independent School District said at a press conference . Vinita Hegwood , a high school English teacher at Duncanville High School near Dallas , allegedly sent the tweets from her personal Twitter account Friday . "  Who the  expletive  made you dumb  expletive  crackers think I give a squat  expletive  about your opinions . #Ferguson Kill yourselves , " read one of the messages . Later that evening another tweet appeared , saying , "  You exhibit nigga behavior , I 'm a call you a nigga . You acting crackerish , I 'm a call you a cracker . " Hegwood is African-American . Gov. Jay Nixon : Protest violence "  can not be repeated " It 's not clear exactly to what or whom she was referring , but the protests in Ferguson , Missouri , have often hinged on race , as Michael Brown was a black teen killed by Officer Darren Wilson , a white policeman . A grand jury is expected to decide soon whether Wilson will face charges . Hegwood is in her second year at Duncanville High School , where she maintained a website for her students , www.englishandelephants.com . The Twitter account from which she allegedly made the comments has since been taken down . Hegwood did not immediately respond to CNN 's calls and emails seeking comment . Lari Barager , Duncanville Independent School District spokeswoman , called the messages "  offensive " and "  reprehensible " and stressed the tweets do not represent the 240 other teachers at Duncanville High School . The swiftness and severity with which administrators acted demonstrate how seriously they view the incident , Barager said . It 's rare to be suspended without pay , the fullest disciplinary action allowed under district policy , she said . Hegwood began meeting with administrators Monday at 7:15 a.m. By 8:30 a.m. , "  there was a conclusion and this decision had been made , " Barager said . District employees do have the right to free speech , Barager said , but Hegwood 's comments were so egregious , the school was left with "  no other option . " The board of trustees for the school district will decide Hegwood 's fate at its next meeting on December 8 . Hegwood 's tweets are the latest example of the percolating tensions and controversy that have spread beyond the Ferguson city limits in the aftermath of the Brown shooting . In September , Ralph Weems , a Marine and Iraq war veteran , was severely beaten in a Mississippi restaurant parking lot . Weems , who is white , allegedly left a Waffle House after he was told it was n't safe there for white people because patrons inside were upset about the Ferguson situation . Weems left and was apparently followed to a Huddle House , where he was attacked . He continues to recover , but struggles with long-term memory loss , according to a GoFundMe page set up to help pay for his medical expenses . In another incident , the Missouri State University newspaper staff printed racially charged language on the cover of its paper following a black equality protest two weeks before the school 's October homecoming game . The quotes , which included the f-word and racial slurs that were hurled at the protesters and "  Go back to Ferguson ! " were allegedly shouted to protesters by other students . The staff said it wanted to highlight the abuse the protesters received . Also , a mother and daughter were arrested during another October protest at a St. Louis Rams football game after allegedly spitting on and punching fans during a clash . Complete coverage of Ferguson	One tweet read made reference to "  dumb  expletive  crackers " and said , "  Kill yourselves " Teacher was "  suspended without pay , " harshest disciplinary action allowed , district says Spokeswoman calls tweets "  offensive , " "  reprehensible " and misrepresentation of school Vinita Hegwood a high school English teacher in Duncanville , Texas , for two years
CNN  -- A prisoner killed in a Maryland county jail on Sunday was a victim of "  vigilante justice , " Prince George 's County Chief Executive Jack Johnson said . Ronnie White , 19 , died of strangulation and asphyxiation and had two broken bones in his neck , an autopsy showed . An attorney for White 's family said that because White was being held in solitary confinement at the Prince George 's County Correctional Center , a corrections officer would have had to let whoever killed the prisoner into his cell . His death came two days after his arrest in connection with the death of Prince George 's County police Cpl. Richard Findley , who died Friday after being struck by a truck . Authorities believe that White was driving the truck , which was thought to be stolen . Police were attempting to flag it down when Findley was struck . "  The killing of the officer is absolutely abhorrent , but also , Mr. White was presumed innocent and deserved his day in court just like any other citizens , " Johnson said Monday night . "  We live in a constitutional democracy , and no one has the right to be judge and jury . " The FBI 's Baltimore field office said it has opened a civil rights investigation into White 's death . The Justice Department said Tuesday that federal prosecutors have been in contact with the state police and FBI as well as county prosecutors and the department 's own Civil Rights Division . "  In support of the Prince George 's County State 's Attorney 's Office , which intends to retain lead responsibility for the criminal investigation , the U.S. Attorney 's Office will provide guidance and legal advice to the officials looking into the death and seeking to develop evidence of criminal violations , " the department said in a written statement . Johnson said Monday that he had requested that the Maryland State Police conduct an independent investigation into White 's death . White family attorney Bobby Henry said there are only two ways someone could get into solitary confinement . Watch why death has outraged family " "  You either have to be buzzed in from the booth -- I believe it 's called the control booth -- you need a key from there , or you have to get a key from one of two officers who were assigned to his unit on that day , " Henry said . The attorney said a "  yet to be identified person or persons took it upon themselves to be the judge , jury and executioner for Mr. White . " "  The family of Ronnie White is absolutely , unequivocally outraged , incensed and deeply saddened that the life of their loved one could be taken so cold -LSB- ly -RSB- , so callously , " Henry said Tuesday . "  Something is dreadfully wrong with the system . " County authorities have said that police are not suspects and that seven corrections officials and an unspecified number of supervisors were the only ones authorized to be in White 's cell . None has been suspended or removed . There were no surveillance cameras in the area of the jail where White was being held . White had not had the opportunity to meet with an attorney , Henry said . A physical conducted when White was processed revealed no health issues , according to Johnson . He was checked regularly in his cell and appeared fine when corrections officers saw him at 10:15 a.m. Sunday . When officers brought him lunch 20 minutes later , he was unconscious and without a pulse , Johnson said . Henry said White 's family was not notified of his death until several hours after it occurred . They were told to go to Prince George 's Hospital to identify the body , he said , but upon arrival were told the state medical examiner 's office had taken custody of the body and it had been taken to Baltimore . "  At this very moment , the family has not even seen the body of their loved one , " Henry said . "  They have been denied the opportunity to start the grieving process which naturally must occur . " He said White 's family is calling upon the Department of Justice , the FBI , the Maryland State Police and county officials "  to conduct a thorough and exhaustive investigation into all of these tragic events , beginning with the events of Friday , June 27 , and continuing up until this time . " Prince George 's County State 's Attorney Glenn Ivey said a grand jury will be convened in the case . He said his office , which will handle any prosecutions that might result , is keeping an open mind . "  We 'll follow the evidence wherever it leads , " he said . He added that he 's "  never seen one like this . We 've had deaths in custody , but this could be a unique one . " CNN 's Jeanne Meserve and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : FBI opens civil rights investigation 19-year-old held in connection with death of police officer Ronnie White died of strangulation White was in solitary confinement at Prince George 's County Corrections Center
CNN  -- The Islamist rebels fighting to overthrow Mali 's government are "  determined , well-equipped and well-trained " and still hold a key town in the central part of that African country , French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said Tuesday . French troops and warplanes joined the battle last week on the side of Malian government forces , and Le Drian said the intervention stopped the Islamists from overrunning Bamako , the capital . The Islamists , who have seized much of northern Mali , had hoped to deliver a "  definitive blow " to the government by capturing the city of Mopti , he told reporters in Paris . "  We prevented it , " he said . But the push has not yet driven them from the town of Konna , the scene of a fierce battle last week that weakened the Malian army , Le Drian said . "  We are facing a versatile adversary who is determined , well-equipped and well-trained , " he said . France , the former colonial power in Mali , has committed about 1,700 troops and air crews to the fight , Le Drian said . The force includes about 800 troops on the ground in Mali , including an armor unit . The operation is hitting "  significant concentrations of fighters and vehicles " in the north , behind the front lines , and bolstering government troops ' defense of Bamako , he said . The campaign will continue "  as long as it is necessary " to defend Mali 's embattled government and allow the speedy deployment of an African-led peacekeeping mission and a European force that will train Malian troops , Le Drian said . And speaking on a visit to the United Arab Emirates , French President Francois Hollande said the number of French troops deployed would increase "  so that France can make way as quickly as possible " for an African force . France has no intention of staying in Mali permanently but would do what was necessary until the African force was ready to take over , he said . Read more : What 's behind the instability in Mali ? Hollande said France had three aims : stopping the "  terrorist aggression " from the north ; securing Bamako and safeguarding French nationals there ; and enabling Mali to recover its territorial integrity . And he stressed that France was in Mali at the request of its government , with the support of its neighbors and world powers , and within the framework of international law . "  If we had not taken up our responsibility and if on Friday morning we had not acted with this intervention , where would Mali be today ? " he asked . French defense minister : Islamist rebels gaining ground in Mali Defense chiefs from the members of the West African regional bloc ECOWAS were meeting Tuesday in Bamako to discuss military options , said a spokesman for the bloc , Sunny Ugoh . Ministers will meet Friday to finalize plans that will then be presented to the heads of state Saturday in Ivory Coast , he said . Leaders from a number of countries , including NATO allies the United States and Canada , have said they 'll send troops or provide logistical support for the fight against Islamist militants in the West African nation . Col. Mohammed Yerima , a spokesman for the Nigerian army , told CNN that 190 of its soldiers would arrive in Mali within 24 hours . In total , Nigeria will deploy 900 soldiers -- slightly more than a full battalion -- within the next 10 days , as part of a U.N.-mandated African force to fight the insurgents in Mali , he said . Read more : Is this al Qaeda 's ` last chance ' for a country ? Niger , Burkina Faso , Togo , Senegal and Benin are also among the countries that have pledged to send troops , French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius told reporters Monday . Hollande said he had spoken to the leaders of Mauritania and Algeria , both of which have agreed to close their borders with Mali to prevent fleeing militants from seeking refuge . Morocco has also authorized French planes to fly over its territory , he said . France also has wide support for its intervention within Europe , where countries including Britain , Denmark and Belgium have offered support , Hollande said . Two British military transport aircraft have been assigned to help with the French troop deployment , but no British forces will be in a combat role , the UK Foreign Office said . A spokesman for Germany 's Foreign Ministry said the country 's leaders were considering offering medical , logistical and humanitarian aid to Mali . The United Nations said preparations are under way for a U.N. multidisciplinary team to go to Bamako soon . Read more : France aims to ` eradicate ' terrorism in Mali The United States has shared intelligence from satellites and intercepted signals with the French , defense officials said Monday . In addition , the Pentagon is considering sending refueling tankers so that French jets can fly longer , more sustained combat missions , according to the officials . Drones "  are under consideration , " the defense officials said , though the military 's stash of unmanned aerial vehicles is in heavy demand . Both stressed that these would be surveillance drones and said there are no plans yet to deploy them . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland , meanwhile , said the United States is reviewing requests from the French , but no decisions have been made . The United States is "  not in the position to support the Malian military directly until we have democratic processes restored by way of an election in Mali , " she said . The U.N. Security Council authorized a one-year military peacekeeping mission in the country in December . Members of ECOWAS , the Economic Community of West African States , pledged thousands of troops , and the Security Council has urged other nations to contribute forces as well . A French colony until 1960 , Mali had military rulers for decades until its first democratic elections in 1992 . It remained stable politically until March , when a group of soldiers toppled the government , saying it had not provided adequate support for them to fight ethnic Tuareg rebels in the country 's largely desert north . Tuareg rebels , who 'd sought independence for decades , took advantage of the power vacuum and seized swaths of land . A power struggle then erupted in the north between the Tuaregs and local al Qaeda-linked radicals , who wound up in control of a large area as the Tuaregs retreated . The United Nations says amputations , floggings and public executions -- like the July stoning of a couple who had reportedly had an affair -- have become common in areas controlled by radical Islamists . They applied a strict interpretation of Sharia law in banning music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television , and damaged Timbuktu 's historic tombs and shrines . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	French airstrikes hit behind Islamist rebel lines while troops bolster Bamako , minister says France now has about 800 troops on the ground , the French defense minister says Nigeria says it 's sending 190 troops in the next 24 hours , with 700 more in coming days World and regional powers are concerned about the advance of Islamist militants
London  CNN  -- Olympic star Ryan Lochte said Friday that he tries to maintain a sense of humor and perspective despite his intense focus on swimming -- one that leaves him little time for romantic relationships or much else besides training and competing . In an interview with CNN 's Piers Morgan , Lochte showed off one of his grills , which he said shows "  part of my personality . " Just one of the jewel-encrusted items that often adorn his teeth is reportedly worth $ 25,000 . "  I am taking this seriously , but there 's so much more to life than just swimming , " he said . "  That 's what I want to have people know : You know what , I 'm having fun doing this . " Still , free time for the 28-year-old -- who has been called one of the Olympics ' most eligible bachelors -- has been severely limited over the past decade . When asked "  who gets more women , " he or rival and fellow American swimmer Michael Phelps , Lochte said he does by a "  60/40 " margin . Still , the swimmer -- whose mother , Ike Lochte , created a media hubbub recently when she said her son only had time for "  one-night stands , " which he explained had to do with sporadic dates and not sexual flings -- said it is hard for him to cultivate a long-term relationship given his training regimen . Phelps leads U.S. gold rush in pool "  I am young , but that 's not me , " Lochte said of one-night stands . "  I like being in relationships . When I am in a relationship , I want to give  a woman  my entire heart , " he added . "  And lately I have n't been able to do that just because swimming has taken such a big role in my life . " If he could choose anyone to whisk away to a deserted island , the Rochester , New York , native did n't hesitate as to who he 'd pick : "  Gossip Girl " actress Blake Lively . "  She is gorgeous , " he said of Lively , who is currently dating actor Ryan Reynolds . As to what he 'd say to her if they met , Lochte jokingly said , "  I would be like , ` Hi ... You want to go to an island with me ? ' " Lochte entered the London Games as one of his nation 's most highly touted athletes , having won two golds and two bronze medals four years earlier in Beijing and threatening to topple Phelps from his perch atop the swimming world this year . London 2012 : Live blog Immediately , he made a splash by defeating Phelps and others for the 400-meter individual medley gold on the day after the opening ceremony . His luster was tarnished slightly the next day when France 's Yannick Angel chased him down on the final leg of the 4X200-meter freestyle relay to win that race . That silver was better , though , than his result Monday when he finished fourth in the 200-meter freestyle individual race . Lochte rebounded with two medals on Thursday -- bronze in the 200-meter backstroke and a silver in the 200-meter individual medley , this time finishing right behind Phelps . The next day , the swimmer acknowledged to CNN that he 's had "  ups and downs " during the London Games but overall , he 's satisfied with his performance . "  I 'm happy , " he said . "  I 'm coming back to my country with five Olympic medals . And that 's amazing right there . " Bold move put Gabby on path to gold Getting to this point has n't been easy . Lochte pointed to his exhaustive focus on swimming over the past eight years , involving "  a lot , a lot of early morning practices ... going into a freezing cold pool . " But he said that it 's all been worth it to put on a swim cap adorned with an American flag , and especially when his national anthem is played after a gold medal performance "  It 's everything -- chills , excitement , knowing that I 'm not just swimming for myself , I 'm swimming for my whole entire country . It 's one of the greatest feelings in the world , " Lochte said . "  There 's nothing like it . It 's something that you will cherish for the rest of your life . "	U.S. swimmer has won 5 medals at the 2012 London Olympics , after winning four in 2008 He says winning races for his country is "  one of the greatest things in the world " It is difficult to have a long-term relationship given his training , he says If he could go to a deserted isle with anyone , Lochte says he 'd pick Blake Lively
A real protest , a fake Google employee , a viral video and some shiny buses have brought attention to the growing tensions between San Francisco 's moneyed tech-sector workers and the city 's working poor and middle class . Private bus lines snake through San Francisco , transporting employees in climate-controlled , Wi-Fi-enabled , cushioned comfort to their jobs at large Silicon Valley companies . Offered as a free employee perk by Google , Facebook , Apple , Yahoo and other companies , the large buses have become a symbol of income inequality here and a lightning rod for resentment . On Monday , organizers staged a protest at a Google bus stop in San Francisco with signs that read "  Warning : Two-Tier System " and "  Public $ $ $ $ , Private Gains . " A video taken at the scene showed a confrontation between what seemed to be a protester and a Google employee who yelled , "  Why do n't you go to a city that can afford it ? This is a city for the right people who can afford it . " Only , in a very San Francisco twist , the Google employee was a fake , played by union organizer and sometime Occupy protester Max Alper , who described the stunt later as "  political theater to demonstrate what is happening to the city . " Some skeptics on Twitter immediately detected that something was off about the confrontation , saying the so-called Google employee 's rants were too perfectly aligned with the stereotype of the spoiled , overpaid techie . But the clumsy stunt spread online has called national attention to the issue . Critics claim that the buses block bike lanes and traffic , and frequently squat in existing public bus stops . They also say the money that companies sink into the lines could be spent on improving existing public transportation for everyone . It 's similar to the private-vs . - public school argument in many cities . People who can afford to segregate themselves do so at the expense of the public institutions that depend on the support of people from all income levels . Residents who do n't work for cash-rich tech companies are left to take San Francisco 's less-reliable 101-year-old public transit system , MUNI , with its mix of older buses , trains and trollies that link up with the BART and Caltrain train networks . As rents rise , people who ca n't afford to stay in the city are pushed farther out , and their dependance on reliable public transportation to get to their jobs increases . That 's no small percentage of the city 's population . In San Francisco , 23.4 % of residents are below the poverty threshold , according to the Public Policy Institute of California and the Stanford Center on Poverty and Inequality . In fairness , the buses are not evil on wheels : They 're meant to keep cars off the road to minimize congestion and pollution . "  The private shuttle buses are a visible symbol of economic inequality , so they are a convenient place for people to vent their frustration . But they are not the problem , " said Gabriel Metcalf , executive director at Bay Area urban policy organization SPUR . "  The problem is that our public transit system is n't good enough and that , for historical reasons , many of the tech companies are located in suburban campuses that do n't have transit . " Google actually has showed a great interest in solving transportation problems and is working on a driverless car that also aims to reduce traffic . But , like with private buses , the technology will mostly benefit those who can afford it . Transportation is just one of a number of issues related to the tech industry that have inflamed tensions in the city . Soaring housing prices and gentrification , also blamed on the influx of high-paying tech jobs , have longtime residents worried that the city will be overtaken by the newly wealthy , pushing out middle - and working-class residents . They worry that without its communities of artists , activists and immigrants , San Francisco 's unique character and history will be paved over for new condos with perks like dog-washing areas and music rehearsal rooms . "  A city without its nurses , its teachers , its artists , its waiters , its bus drivers , its cops , its musicians and writers and grandmothers as residents is a monoculture -- as sterile as a forest of a single commercial tree species , " Timothy Egan wrote in a recent New York Times opinion piece . San Francisco 's potential for growth is stunted by bodies of water on three sides . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , 825,863 people live in San Francisco County , compared with 8.3 million in all of New York City , which has about twice the landmass . Low vacancy rates and surging demand have increased the median rental rate in San Francisco to $ 3,414 . Home prices in the area have risen 22 % in the past three years . The recent demand for housing is heavily fueled by the influx of high-paid technology employees . Software engineers make an average of $ 127,143 a year at Google , $ 121,507 at Facebook and $ 124,630 at Apple , according to Glassdoor.com . These young workers need someplace to live , and many choose to reside in vibrant San Francisco and commute to their sleepy company headquarters farther south on the peninsula . Matters are made worse when people associated with the industry voice controversial opinions about the class divides . A couple of days after the bus protest , the masses got the blabbermouth , tone-deaf techie they craved when Silicon Valley entrepreneur Greg Gopman posted his thoughts on the city 's homeless population to Facebook . "  There is nothing more grotesque than walking down market st in San Francisco . Why the heart of our city has to be overrun by crazy , homeless , drug dealers , dropouts , and trash I have no clue , " he wrote in the rant . Gopman went on to compare the homeless to hyenas and call them a disgrace . "  There is an area of town for degenerates and an area of town for the working class . There is nothing positive gained from having them so close to us , " he said . He has since taken to his Facebook page to apologize . These types of outbursts happen every so often on social media and blogging platforms like Medium . In August , entrepreneur Peter Shih included the homeless in his list of 10 things he hates about San Francisco , along with unattractive women and bad public transit . Obviously , these individual entrepreneurs do not speak for the Bay Area 's entire population of tech workers . But their outbursts are the sort of attitude Silicon Valley would prefer not to be associated with . The buses may be the most visible and convenient targets for anti-gentrification activists , but the underlying problem wo n't be fixed if buses stop blocking traffic . Some potential solutions include getting tech companies to relocate nearer to public transit and getting the city to invest in improving the current transportation system , according to Metcalf . Other improvements he suggests include raising the minimum wage , adding housing for all income levels and improving education so the people growing up in the city can compete for those big-money jobs nearby . Metcalf is optimistic that the fast-growing economy can benefit all of San Francisco . "  We just need to take the next steps and make sure we do everything possible to connect everyone with this growing economy and to make a new round of investments in infrastructure , which will lay the foundations for the future , " he said .	A staged protest of private buses brings attention to income inequality Many Bay Area tech companies offer private bus rides to employees as a perk Critics says the buses block traffic and deprive public transportation of income Well-paid tech workers have also contributed to the soaring cost of living in San Francisco
CNN  -- Scores of people died Thursday in and around the restive Syrian city of Hama , activists said , corroborating reports of widespread casualties a day after the start of a new military clampdown targeting protesters . At least 109 people died in and around Hama , said Avaaz , a global activist group , citing a medical source . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria said 30 people were killed Wednesday . "  The brutality continues in Hama on the fourth day of Ramadan . Communication with the city and surrounding area is very difficult as the electricity supply has been cut off , " Avaaz said . The activist group , citing the medical source , said scores more were wounded . "  Bodies are lying in the streets as ambulances and private vehicles are unable to get through , " the group said . The western Syrian city is the center of the country 's anti-government movement , whose efforts have prompted a crackdown by security personnel on the huge demonstrations there in an effort to secure the city . Citing the medical source , Avaaz said bodies taken to al Hourani Hospital had been shot at close range , most of them in the head . The geographic breakdown was 48 dead in the town of Hai al Hadyr , 31 in the town of Janoub al Manaab , and 30 in the northern part of Hama and the Hamidia area , it said . One resident who spoke to CNN by satellite phone said some of the casualties who were taken to hospitals died there because the facilities were without electricity . There were reports of a breakdown and cutoff in communications and electricity accompanying the siege , and of the military bombing the city . The resident said entrances of the city were blocked , with no one getting in or out , and snipers were stationed across the city . People who tried to leave , he said , were being shot . The man said about 10 people had been killed and dozens more were wounded . Hama , which has seen massive demonstrations by anti-government protesters , was the site of the 1982 bloody crackdown by the Alawite-dominated government against a Muslim Brotherhood uprising . Memories of that siege , carried out by late President Hafez al-Assad , the father of President Bashar al-Assad , have reverberated during the nearly five-month uprising , and the ongoing violence in Hama has prompted international anger against the al-Assad regime . Reports of violence also emanated from the capital . Four people who were at al-Rifai Mosque in Kafr Sousa Square in the suburbs of Damascus offered separate but similar accounts . One of the sources is a representative of the Syrian Revolution Coordination Union , an opposition group . Two of the others were among the protesters . After prayers , worshipers exited the rear of the mosque to join an anti-government demonstration , but were met by about 24 thugs -- men in civilian clothes armed with guns and batons , the sources told CNN in telephone interviews . The men fired into the air and beat some of the worshipers as they left the buildings , the sources said . Upon reaching Kafr Sousa Square , where they chanted for freedom and the fall of the regime , they were set upon by gunmen and others who threw rocks at them . At that point , the demonstrators returned to the mosque and closed themselves inside , the sources said . A few militia members entered the front yard of the mosque carrying batons and stun guns and attacked the protesters who were there , the sources said . The protesters were allowed safe passage out of the mosque after they promised to end their protests , the sources said . But the protesters were expected to resume Friday , when rebels said the theme would be "  God is With Us . " CNN is unable to independently confirm death tolls or events in Syria , which has restricted access to the country by international journalists , including CNN 's . The move came a day after the U.N. Security Council issued a presidential statement condemning the Syrian government 's crackdown on protesters and calling for an immediate end to violence by all parties . But Amnesty International on Thursday slammed the council 's response as "  completely inadequate " and "  limp " because it failed to take action . The council issued a presidential statement , which carries no enforcement weight . "  It 's crucial that a U.N. Human Rights Council fact-finding mission to Syria is able to investigate the situation as soon as possible , " said Jose Luis Diaz , Amnesty International 's representative to the United Nations . "  Unfortunately , the Security Council has also failed to provide support for such a mission . " He noted that Syrian authorities have not permitted a U.N. fact-finding delegation into the country to investigate the situation . "  The U.N. must act now , with a firm and legally binding position . At the very least , its position must include imposing an arms embargo , freezing the assets of President al-Assad and other officials suspected of responsibility for crimes against humanity , and referring the situation to the ICC prosecutor , " he said , in reference to the International Criminal Court . Two permanent members of the Security Council weighed in on how to proceed . The Russian Foreign Ministry said Syria 's citizens should solve their problems themselves , state-run RIA Novosti said . "  The settlement in this country should be carried out by the Syrians themselves without outside interference and should be based on an all-Syria dialogue , which is the only way to resolve the conflict , " the ministry said in a statement . But later Thursday , RIA Novosti said that Russian President Dmitry Medvedev told reporters that he had told al-Assad during meetings and in letters that "  it is necessary to hold a referendum , put up with the opposition , restore peace and create a modern state . " Medvedev added that if al-Assad were to fail , he would be destined to "  a sad fate , and ultimately we will also have to make some kind of decisions . " French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said Thursday that the Security Council may take a tougher stance on Syria "  if nothing changes on the Syrian side . " The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , an activist group , issued on Thursday an update about Deir Ezzor , a city in the country 's northeastern region . It said an opposition leader in the city reported that the government had launched a series of measures to punish residents . They include not paying government employees , halting wheat deliveries to bakeries , preventing hospitals from rescuing wounded protesters , and asking governmental medical staff to leave their posts . Some pharmacists have closed their shops over fears that they will be detained for giving medications to wounded protesters . Meanwhile , al-Assad has issued a decree authorizing a multiple-party political system , state media reported Thursday . Syrian lawmakers had already passed a law granting citizens the right to establish political parties with the aim of contributing to political life "  through peaceful and democratic means , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported . However , the Syrian opposition has argued the decrees are intended for show and will not effect real change . That 's because it is questionable whether the move , absent constitutional reform , could end decades of single-party Baathist rule . One of the articles of the Syrian constitution guarantees supremacy for the ruling Baath party . CNN 's Kamal Ghattas and Jack Maddox contributed to this story	NEW : Friday 's theme will be "  God is With Us " Medvedev calls for reform or "  we also will have to make some kind of decisions " An activist group reports more than 100 deaths in and around Hama Amnesty International slams the United Nations ' statement
CNN  -- Goals at the end of each half from Demba Ba and Willian threw an enthralling EPL title race wide open as Chelsea secured a 2-0 win at leaders Liverpool Sunday . The defeat ended a run of 11 straight wins for Liverpool , who were frustrated by the tactical wiles of Jose Mourinho 's visitors , to leave their bid for a first English championship in 24 years in the balance . Chelsea have closed to within two points but it is Manchester City who have emerged as the most likely challengers after a 2-0 win at Crystal Palace in the late game Sunday . First half goals from Edin Dzeko and Yaya Toure gave City a comfortable victory and the knowledge that if can win their final three games they will repeat their 2012 EPL title triumph . City still remained in third place , three points adrift , but have a game in hand over the top two . Earlier , Chelsea , who held Atletico Madrid goalless in the first leg of their Champions League semifinal in midweek , made seven changes from that starting line-up , but it scarcely showed in a resilient display . They went ahead just before halftime as Senegal star Ba continued his recent run of crucial goals after a slip by Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard . Liverpool , who have scored a leading 96 goals in the EPL this season , were restricted to few chances with Luis Suarez unable to add to his personal tally of 30 . His second half effort was saved by Mark Schwarzer and the veteran Australian goalkeeper also kept out shots from Joe Allen and Gerrard . Desperately pushing forward at the end , Chelsea were caught by a sucker punch as substitute Fernando Torres broke clear and unselfishly played in Willian for the clinching second in injury time . "  A magnificent performance from all my team , " was the verdict of Mourinho , who will be hoping they can repeat the success when they entertain Atletico in the second leg Wednesday . His Liverpool counterpart Brendan Rodgers was less than impressed by Chelsea 's stifling tactics . "  I think there were two buses parked today , never mind one , " he told Sky Sports . "  It was like a back six with three midfield players in front of that . That 's 10 , with the goalkeeper , for 90 consistently behind the ball . "  It was clear that they 'd come certainly not wanting to win the game , with the time-wasting and whatnot , " he added . Mourinho has received a further boost , which he revealed during his post-match press conference . Key defender John Terry , who looked set for a long absence after injuring his ankle in the Atletico draw , may be fit to make an earlier return . "  He has a chance , " Mourinho said . "  Let 's see tomorrow and after tomorrow . After the match against Atletico , I said no chance . In this moment , I say maybe . " His Liverpool counterpart Brendan Rodgers was less than impressed by Chelsea 's stifling tactics Earlier Sunday , Sunderland , whose shock victory last week at Chelsea so dented the title hopes of Mourinho 's men , carried on that superb form with a 4-0 thrashing of fellow strugglers Cardiff . Conor Wickham scored a double , his fifth goal in three games , as Sunderland moved out of the bottom three but left their Welsh opponents in deep relegation trouble .	Chelsea win 2-0 at Liverpool in crunch EPL title match Demba Ba and Willian goals in either half Sunderland thrash Cardiff 4-0 in relegation tussle Man City beat Crystal Palace 2-0 in late game
CNN  Almost every day for the past month , a crowd of curious onlookers has gathered in northern Amsterdam to gawp at three mysterious structures . Measuring 2.5 meters tall high and 1.7 meters wide , the large plastic blocks look like little more than oversized liquorice candy or a confusing attempt at surrealist art . Appearances can be deceiving . According to DUS Architects , the Dutch company behind the project , these innocuous black objects are stage one of what will eventually be the world 's first 3D printed house . It is made using a "  KamerMaker " machine , a giant , custom-made version of a desktop 3D printer that produces a material 10 times thicker than normal . The finished structure will take the shape of a 13-room canal house made from scores of separate but interlocking components  like the three currently on show  . "  These rooms will be structural entities on their own . We will then place them on top of each other to make a house , " explained DUS Architects co-founder and director , Martine de Wit . "  Originally , we had the small printers in our office and we were printing scale models with them . Then we thought why not print it  the full house  right away , " she added . How does it work ? The interior and exterior walls of the house are printed at the same time with spaces left in between for electric wiring and pipes . These spaces are then filled in with concrete for insulation and reinforcement . As it stands , the primary material being used is a bio-plastic made from 80 % plant oil but other substances are being tested for their suitability . Between six and ten blocks are required to make one room and the entire process of printing and assembling the house is estimated to take three years . According to de Wit , the Amsterdam project is an experiment to test out the feasibility , challenges and cost implications of fashioning a house in this way . "  If you print in plastic you can recycle the materials , " de Wit explained . "  We also see the possibility to design something , send it digitally and then print it exactly in the place that you need it rather than transporting everything to the location . " On top of this , houses can be custom designed to suit individual owners tastes , moved piece by piece to a new location if required before being put together again and only the precise amount of material required would need to be used , reducing waste in the process . De Wit even sees the possibility of building furniture , arts and crafts into the blocks that make up a 3D printed home . The canal house will feature a printed block containing a staircase . But while the potential benefits of building a house in this manner may be appealing , there remain many challenges before the technology is proven effective from a structural , living and economic sense . A note of caution De Wit is clear that the final costs of the project are still unknown and admits that 3D printing is unlikely to replace existing house building techniques any time soon . Others , however , doubt whether the concept has any long term value at all . According to Dr Phil Reeves , managing director of UK-based 3D printing consultancy and research firm , Econolyst , printing a house takes longer and runs counter to existing building techniques which are already relatively efficient . "  A lot of housing projects are using very modular systems of building where things are built in a factory off site , bought and then assembled very quickly , " Reeves said . "  This is counter to that . It 's about much longer times on the building site . " Reeves also points out the difficulty of altering wiring between walls or correcting faults as they arise after they have been insulated with concrete . Yet despite these potential drawbacks , de Wit and her colleagues remain hopeful the idea can provide benefits to the architecture and construction industries if the initial Amsterdam project is successful . "  I do n't think we 'll print all homes through 3D printing in future but I think it can be an additional , valuable tool to what we already use , " de Wit said . See also : London 's insane luxury basements See also : Who invests the most in global property ? See also : Micro-homes offer big solutions	Dutch architects are building what they claim is world 's first 3D printed house The 13 room canal house will take three years to construct Some experts question whether this is an efficient way to build new homes
CNN  -- South Korean shop owners are launching a nationwide boycott of Japanese products over a territorial dispute between the two countries . The President of the Save Local Stores Alliances , Oh Ho-suk , claims most of the alliance 's 7.2 million members will ultimately participate in the effort . They are pledging not to sell popular Japanese products like Mild Seven cigarettes , Asahi beer and Sony electronics . Some car mechanics are also saying they will refuse to repair cars from Japanese brands like Toyota , Honda and Nissan . "  We will continue this boycott until we get a sincere apology from the Japanese government , " Oh says . His group is angry over Japan 's continuing claim to a series of islands that lie between the two countries . Seoul calls the islands Dokdo , Tokyo calls them Takeshima . Both countries claim them , but they are currently under South Korean control . The dispute is the latest in a series of competing national claims to islands in the East and South China seas , where ownership can give exclusive rights to fishing , oil production and other commercial activities in surrounding waters . Large Japanese exporters like Toyota and Canon suffered declining sales in China last fall when a separate island dispute between those two countries escalated into a major product boycott . Protests turned violent in September after the Japanese government purchased the island chain -- known as Diaoyu in China and Senkaku in Japan -- from private Japanese owners . This is the first such boycott to be launched over the recent flare-up in tensions between Japan and South Korea . Police say over 200 people participated in a protest today in Seoul to launch the boycott , chanting "  we will not sell or buy Japanese products . " They threw eggs at a sign featuring Japanese brand logos , waved South Korean flags and held signs reading "  Dokdo is our territory " and the "  Japanese government must apologize . " Many of the women attending dressed in the traditional Korean garb known as the hanbok . The protests marched from Topgol Park to Gwanghwamun Square . Oh says they handed out 50,000 flyers about the boycott . March 1 is a public holiday in South Korea which celebrates the launch of the independence movement from Japan in 1919 . Japan Tobacco , owner of Mild Seven , Winston and Camel , and Asahi Breweries declined to comment on the boycott . CNN 's Junko Ogura in Tokyo contributed to this report .	South Korean shop owners are launching a nationwide boycott of Japanese products Protests Tokyo 's claim of a group of islands called Dokdo in Korea , Takeshima in Japan Korean shops pledge not to sell popular Japanese brands such as Sony and Asahi beer Latest in a series of territorial claims between nations in the East and South China seas
CNN Student News  -- April 8 , 2014 Unrest spreads in Ukraine as protests erupt in several cities . Today on CNN Student News , get two different perspectives on what 's behind the demonstrations . We also cover a new prince 's journey Down Under , and we report on a new island forming in the Pacific . And a retired teacher brings his former students face-to-face with their own words from the past . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What elements would you include in a video that aims to educate its audience about autism ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Ukraine 2 . commonwealth 3 . autism Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Where is Ukraine ? What is one source of division among its people ? Who is protesting in some of Ukraine 's cities ? According to the video , who are Ukraine 's leaders blaming for the protests ? How has Russia 's government responded ? 2 . Who are the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge ? What countries are they visiting ? Why did William need special permission to travel on the same plane with his son , George ? How is the royal family being received in their host countries ? What relationship do these countries have with Great Britain ? 3 . What is autism ? According to the video , what is happening to the rate of autism in the U.S. ? About how many children are currently affected ? In what three areas are children with autism most affected ? 4 . Who is Sarah Ramirez ? How does she help her community ? How does her work address the issues of poverty and obesity ? 5 . What writing assignment did retired teacher Bruce Farrer give to his ninth-grade students ? Why did he assign this ? What promise to them does he continue to keep ? What were some of the things Scott Fulton asked his future self in his letter ? What does he think of how his life turned out ? When will Mr. Farrer mail his last student letter ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What do you know about autism ? What resources would you consult if you wanted to learn more ? In the video , we learn that the rate of autism is increasing among children . If you were researching the possible reasons behind this increase , what questions might you want to address as you begin your research ? 2 . Why do you think that poorer communities often do not have adequate access to healthy foods ? What do you think could be done to address this problem ? 3 . If you were to write a letter to yourself to be opened 20 years from now , what are some things you might include ? Why ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Be excited , but be scared . A world of mind-blowing possibilities is suddenly being thrust upon the world of video gaming . Detecting your thoughts : the EPOC headset is a breakthrough in brain - computer interfaces . The era of thought controlled games has arrived , and soon you could be required only to ` think ' to operate a video game . Maybe you 'll even have the chance to be completely immersed in a video game ` world ' . The Emotiv EPOC headset - the first Brain Computer Interface  BCI  device for the gaming market is the technology behind the revolution -- and the company claims to have already mastered thought control . The EPOC detects and processes real time brain activity patterns  small voltage changes in the brain caused by the firing of neurons  using a device that measures electric activity in the brain . In total , it picks up over 30 different expressions , emotions and actions . The leap in technology has been met with excitement amongst many gamers . Singapore enthusiast Samuel Lau has even made a video showing his hopes for the future of gaming . But , for the creators , what possibilities does this open up for future video games ? View gallery of gaming through the years " According to experts , the sci-fi scenarios depicted in The Matrix , and Star Trek 's ` Holodeck ' are now comprehendible realities in the future . President and co-founder of Emotiv Systems , Tan Le , said the brain-to-computer interface was undoubtedly the future for video games . "  Being able to control a computer with your mind is the ultimate quest of human-machine interaction . When integrated into games , virtual worlds and other simulated environments , this technology will have a profound impact on the user 's experience . " What do you think video games of the future will look like ? Le envisaged the lines between games and reality continuing to blur . "  In the long run , the user 's interactions with machines will more closely mimic our interactions with other humans . Our technology will ultimately bring communities of people closer together to richly share their experiences , " she said . Rick Hall , production director at the Florida Interactive Entertainment Academy , is also open-minded about possibilities in future gaming . Hall , who has worked across machines such as the N64 , Sony PSP , PS2 , and Nintendo DS , told CNN that some of the concepts in The Matrix were now "  eerily reaching towards theoretical possibility " . "  If we can interpret basic control thoughts now , it is n't far off where we 'll be able to interpret more complex thoughts , even potentially things you 're not consciously thinking of . If we can now do it in a non-invasive fashion , it probably wo n't be long before we can read these things from across the room . And if we can "  read " complex thoughts , then should n't we also be able to "  write " thoughts into a person 's brain ? "  So add that up : a wireless , remote , brain reading/writing device that can scan , interpret , and communicate with someone across the room , without them even knowing it . Connect that to the Internet ... and talk about brainwashing possibilities . What if some hacker could figure out how to write viruses to people 's brains ? It 's actually a little scary . " But , it 's not all optimism and imagination for the technology . American gaming analyst Todd Greenwald believes it may be some time yet before brain to computer interfaces reach a marketable standard , saying it is "  a bit too far out and speculative to say with any confidence " . University of Ulster video gaming lecturer Darryl Charles told CNN he was also uncertain whether Emotiv 's technology would take off . "  It 's a little bit harder to see . It 's quite a complex thing to force your thought on a television screen . " However , Emotiv 's Le strongly defended the headset , saying it "  works on a vast majority of people and can adapt to a wide variety of thought patterns . Emotiv has carried out tests with hundreds of people and so far we have had success on every single person , " Le said . While the speed of the revolution pushing the gaming world is hotly debated , one thing all experts agree on is the underlying themes of future games . Gamers can be certain that social interaction and strong storylines will strengthen to form the core of games . Tan Le told CNN , "  The one thing that we believe will be core to the future of gaming is the social experience . Nothing a game developer can program can match the random nature of actually participating in a scenario with other live people . " Le said the social aspect was the key to growth of the industry , as it was opening the door to fresh markets . She acknowledged the new level of immersion offered with the Wii 's interactive control had helped send the industry in the right direction . Charles believed a move closer towards the movie and television entertainment realm was also imminent . "  The big blockbuster game is going to compete more with Hollywood movies . They will be a lot more competitive in storylines ... there is a lot of production values already coming from cinema . " Greenwald said downloading games straight from the producer could soon become a reality . A market where simple games could be downloaded for free and then add-ons to significantly improve the game were sold at a premium , could be a more financially rewarding for the makers , he said .	EPOC headset by Emotiv allows users to ` think ' and video characters will ` do ' Experts predict concepts from The Matrix and Star Trek could become reality Games will become more social and have advanced storylines in the future
CNN  -- Anita Mills was sitting in the doctor 's office with her diabetic mother in Lexington , Kentucky , in 2009 . "  The doctor was talking to her about options and she wanted to try all of them to stay alive , " says Mills . "  I realized how brave she was , trying to keep her life . I was 382 pounds and killing myself . " She cried in the bathroom of the doctor 's office , returned home and took a picture of herself .  The image shown above .  This was a first day of the rest of her life . "  I was finally ready and determined . Taking that first picture was my way of making me accountable to this choice to start this journey , " says Mills . "  I wanted to have it on my phone to look at every day , especially when I was having not a great day . " Mills has been overweight for as long as she can remember . She recalls "  plumping up " at 5 years old and weighing 200 pounds in junior high . "  My family doctor said I needed to get the weight off and if I did n't , I was going to shorten my life , " says Mills . "  He gave me a piece of paper with four tips to lose weight . " Have your own weight loss story to share ? Visit iReport.com Before the epiphany , she kept that piece of paper in her purse for months , even when she would change purses . And every time , she would look at it and think , "  I 'll start tomorrow . " Tomorrow finally came on August 17 , 2009 . After snapping that photo , Mills went into her purse and pulled out the tips the doctor had given her : 1 . Eat 8 ounces of food every 3 hours 2 . No sugary drinks 3 . Do not skip meals 4 . Do not tell anyone what you 're doing So that 's what she did -- or did n't do , really . Almost two years later , Mills has dropped 232 pounds from her body and has trimmed her waist down to 26 inches  a size 6  . And she did it all without a trainer . "  I 've always walked , no matter how hard it was , " says Mills . "  Then I used Richard Simmons ' ` Sweating to the Oldies ' because it 's low-impact . Now I Zumba , which is like Richard Simmons on speed . " She does n't go crazy with her workouts . She walks about five times a week , sweats to Simmons twice a week and fits Zumba in when she can . Mills ca n't even eat a full 8 ounces of food anymore -- her stomach has gotten so small -- and she needs to be very picky about what she eats . Her body craves the "  good food , " so she listens to it . Her latest cravings have been fresh pineapples and mandarin oranges . Do n't think that she 's a saint either . She still enjoys temptations ... within reason . "  I still go out to eat and I still eat junk , " says Mills . "  My guilty pleasure for the last 8 months -LSB- has been -RSB- Breyers fat free ice cream -- half cup a night . " When she goes out to eat , she orders a meal -- anything she wants -- and asks for a to-go box . It helps with eating healthy food portions , even if she 's noshing on her favorite meal : fried chicken fingers and deep fried potato chips . "  Out of sight , out of mind , " says Mills . "  I do n't get sick any more from eating too much . You just need to know portion control . I 'm accountable for what I put in my body . " The hardest thing for Mills was pushing through her plateaus . "  I would lose -LSB- weight -RSB- for about seven days and then nothing for about 10 to 15 days , which was the hardest , " she says . But since losing hundreds of pounds , Mills has appeared on the "  Rachael Ray Show " for a makeover and talks regularly in schools . "  I tell the kids this does n't just mean weight loss ; if you put your mind to anything , nothing can stop you , " says Mills . "  If you think , ` This is what I 'm going to do , ' you can get anything done . " Mills gives all her credit to her supportive family , especially her husband , Charlie , whom she has been married to for nearly 25 years . She remembers him saying , "  I loved her at 382 and I love her now . I love her no matter what . She may look a little different , but she 's the same girl . " As a family , they are all living healthier lives and dropping the pounds together . But most importantly , Mills wants to be around to take care of her husband , 23 - and 19-year-old sons , and elderly parents for as long as she can . And she loves every minute of her hectic , thinner life . "  The one thing I can do that I could n't before is that I can cross my legs and get up and down off the floor , " says Mills . She is trying new things that she never thought were possible . She and her husband are going to Gatlinburg , Tennessee , and hopping on a zip line . Mills is also thinking about skydiving sometime in the future . One more thing on her to do list : Ride a roller coaster at Dollywood in Pigeon Forge , Tennessee , which she has n't been about to do since she was about 8 years old because of her size . "  I have a whole new life , " says Mills . "  It 's fabulous to get to this point . "	Anita Mills lost 232 pounds She followed four tips from her doctor , plus exercise Mills feels like she has a whole new life to live
Tacloban , Philippines  CNN  -- For Joseph Pedrero , the thought of another massive tropical storm bearing down on his home in Tacloban is traumatic . The 46-year-old fisherman lost 11 members of his family , including his wife , his three children and his mother , when Typhoon Haiyan lashed the central Philippines in November last year . FOLLOW : Typhoon Tracker ` We were n't prepared last time . We were confident we 'd be safe because we have a stone house and everything we need with us , " he said . "  But we did not expect that a storm surge would be coming and take all our family away . We were not given information that a great wave would come . " Tragically , only six of his family members were ever found -- and they 're now buried close to his modest home . It 's difficult to look Joseph in the eyes . It 's impossible to understand what he has been through . Escaping the coast A year on and what remains of his family are leaving their homes to move inland to stay with relatives . "  I 've been following developments on the radio this time , " he said . "  The government is now providing better information . I 'm scared but at least I know what is going on . Yesterday , the mayor visited us and told us to vacate our homes for our safety . " Tacloban 's mayor , Alfred Romualdez , has ordered the forced evacuation of several coastal "  barangays , " or neighborhoods as a precaution -- hundreds of people . These areas are usually made up of rudimentary shacks -- exactly the type of structures washed away during Haiyan -- owned by many of the area 's poorest residents . The local police are now doing sweeps of the area ensuring that people comply , with women and children being prioritized and taken to dozens of evacuation centers around the area -- part of a massive operation across the country that has seen almost half a million people in the path of storm moved to safety , according to the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs  OCHA  . "  When I took the decision a few days ago to close schools , people questioned me . But now they realize I wanted students to have time to return to their families in other areas so that they could prepare properly , " said Romualdez . He said one of the biggest problems last year was the sheer volume of people they had to help . "  Many were coming in from outside Tacloban and saying they were from here , " he said . "  When we asked them which barangay they came from , they said ` Barangay 19 or 23 ! ' But when we asked the barangay captain if he knew them , he 'd often say no . "  But for humanitarian reasons , we 'd have to shelter them . But we could only do this for a day or so then send them away . " City subdued ahead of storm It 's now Saturday morning and the center of Tacloban should usually be a bustling hub of activity , the scene is eerie . Barely a handful of people are on the streets , with most businesses shuttered . The few shops that remain open seem to have plentiful supplies on their shelves , and no real queues to speak of . Everyone seems more organized . People respect what they 're being told . Haiyan is all too fresh in the memory . Like many others people in Tacloban , it took Joseph months to rebuild his home -- and his life -- after such an appalling tragedy . Sadly he expects to rebuild his home once again if the storm reaches anything like the velocity it did a year ago . Even if Hagupit -- known as Ruby here -- hits further north as current predictions suggest , the sheer size of it will be felt here in Tacloban . Joseph seems resigned to this . "  We 're sad . We fear this typhoon will destroy everything again , " he said . "  We 're still rebuilding and now another typhoon is coming . " Asked if he 's considered moving away from an area prone to these kind of destructive storms , he replied : "  No , I ca n't do anything because my life is here . I work on the sea . "  But now we 're willing to evacuate when we hear about these storms . " And that is the biggest difference between this year and last .	Fisherman Joseph Pedrero lost 11 family members during Haiyan last year As Typhoon Hagupit approaches , he 's worried about what he may lose next Last year Super Typhoon Haiyan whipped up waves , catching people off guard This year they 're heeding warnings to take precautions , to leave if possible
CNN  -- More than 20,000 people -- most of them civilians -- have been killed in Syria 's 18-month crisis . The violence continued unabated Wednesday with fierce attacks reported across the country . Here are the latest developments in the Syrian civil war : On the ground : The battle for Aleppo intensifies The Syrian regime touted gains on Wednesday in the quest to control Syria 's largest city and commercial hub , Aleppo : "  Units from our heroic Syrian armed forces are in confrontations with terrorist armed groups " in Aleppo , "  inflicting upon them heavy losses in their numbers and equipment , " state-run TV reported . Regime and rebel fighters have battled for months in Aleppo , where civilians routinely dodge snipers and attacks from the air . On Tuesday , regime forces shelled a bakery in nearby Marea , causing more than a dozen casualties , opposition activists said . Government forces have previously attacked bread lines in Aleppo province , according to human rights groups and U.N. officials . Residents in opposition-friendly areas often wait in lines at night to avoid being targeted by government aircraft . Across the country , at least 172 people were killed in fresh violence on Wednesday , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Sixty-seven of the deaths occurred in Aleppo , it said . World reaction : European official says the world is at a "  deadlock " on Syria The European Union is preparing additional funds to support relief through education , food and water , EU foreign affairs chief Catherine Ashton said . "  We face a dangerous stalemate , " she said Tuesday in a statement . "  The truth is that , despite all the efforts , the international community is in a sense at a deadlock ... the U.N. Security Council has not been able to agree on a common response that could open the way for a political solution . " Humanitarian crisis : 1 in 4 Homs residents are in urgent need of aid Some 550,000 of the 2.2 million people in Homs province need humanitarian aid , World Health Organization spokesman Tarik Jasarevic said after a U.N. mission composed of health experts visited the embattled province last week . "  The urgency of scaling up delivery of humanitarian aid is exacerbated by the approaching winter , " he said . About half of the province 's physicians have left , and only about three surgeons remain , he said . Many of the medical facilities across the province have been damaged or destroyed , leaving the few remaining hospitals overwhelmed with patients and short on medicine and supplies . CNN 's Saad Abedine and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Opposition : Shelling from regime fighter jets kill nine people in one village The Syrian regime says it inflicted "  heavy losses " on opposition forces in Aleppo EU official : "  We face a dangerous stalemate " as the world remains deadlocked on Syria
CNN  -- The United States has created a "  zone of impunity " by rarely investigating private contractors involved in the unlawful killing of civilians in Afghanistan and Iraq , a U.N. human rights envoy said . Civil rights activists protest the use of unmanned U.S. drones in Pakistan . The U.S. government should track the number of civilians killed in its military operations abroad and limit collateral damage from unmanned drone attacks , Special Investigator Philip Alston said in a stinging report submitted Wednesday to the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva , Switzerland . "  The government has failed to effectively investigate and punish lower-ranking soldiers for such deaths , and has not held senior officers responsible , " Alston said . "  Worse , it has effectively created a zone of impunity for private contractors and civilian intelligence agents by only rarely investigating and prosecuting them . " Alston recommended that the United States establish a national commission to independently look into the policies and practices that are leading to the deaths . He also urged that an independent special prosecutor be charged with pursuing criminal allegations against government officials accused of wrongdoing . "  First , the government has failed to track and make public the number of civilian casualties , or the conditions under which deaths occurred , " he said . "  Second , the military justice system fails to provide ordinary people , including U.S. citizens and families of Iraqi and Afghan victims , basic information on the status of investigations into civilian casualties or prosecutions resulting therefrom . " Alston called the United States ' reliance on pilotless missile-carrying aircraft "  increasingly common " and "  deeply troubling . " U.S. forces operating in Afghanistan have used drones to attack militant targets in Pakistan . Pakistan has said the attacks have claimed hundreds of civilian lives . Mark Cassayre , the American representative to the U.N. Human Rights Council , said U.S. military and intelligence operations during armed conflict did not fall within the special investigator 's mandate . Alston is the special investigator on extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions . "  We wish to be clear that the prosecution of private contractors who commit crimes is an important priority of the Department of Justice , and despite the difficulty of these cases , the United States continues to attempt to bring private contractor cases to justice , " Cassayre said .	U.N. envoy rips U.S. over investigation into drone attacks overseas Private contractors protected by "  zone of impunity , " envoy says Pakistan claims drone attacks have killed hundreds
Turkish riot police fired tear gas and water cannons to disperse thousands of mourners who attended a funeral march Wednesday for a 15-year old boy . Throughout the afternoon , a virtual river of humanity coursed through the streets of Istanbul escorting the coffin of Berkin Elvan . Mourners carrying portraits of the boy and red carnations chanted "  Berkin Elvan , a sapling just 15 years old . " "  The boy was innocent . The boy was n't doing anything . He went to get bread and the police took a shot at him and basically killed him , " said Dursun Ince , a retired engineer who was one of tens of thousands of demonstrators who participated in the march . Berkin Elvan 's death unleashed a wave of grief and rage against the Turkish government that sparked protests in cities across the country . Public messages of condolence issued by Turkey 's family affairs minister , as well as a sympathetic phone call from the Turkish President to the father of the boy , did little to calm the outrage . Elvan 's mother , Gulsum , has placed blame for the critical injury her son suffered last June squarely on the government and police . The boy was 14 years old when he was last seen conscious stepping out of his home to buy bread for his family 's breakfast . His family says he was next seen 15 minutes later suffering from a horrendous head wound believed to have been inflicted by a tear gas canister fired by Turkish police . For the next nine months , the teenager lay in a coma , wasting away to a weight of just 16 kilograms  35 pounds  . Elvan was pronounced dead early Tuesday morning . That night , demonstrators hurled stones , bottles and abuse at Turkish riot police in several Istanbul neighborhoods . "  Killers ! " angry crowds screamed at helmeted police officers on Istanbul 's Istiklal Caddesi . "  You killed Berkin Elvan ! " a woman yelled . After initially holding back , squads of riot police began pursuing demonstrators through the streets . Armored personnel carriers patrolled main boulevards , hosing rioting youths with water cannons , which were also periodically used to extinguish burning barricades . On Wednesday , a major labor union called for a nationwide strike in honor of the dead boy . Several of the main opposition political parties , which are in the middle of fierce campaigns ahead of nationwide municipal elections on March 30 , announced they would not play music at rallies Wednesday . Turkish television also aired footage of university students in a canteen , banging their silverware on tables in a show of support for the Elvan family . Some high school and university student groups are calling for a boycott of classes Wednesday . "  A small kid is murdered and the killers are still loose . This is us standing up for our kid brother , " said Bircan Birol , a 22-year-old member of the Student Collectives movement at Istanbul University . "  There are pictures of Berkin up everywhere , and today we say : ` Our class is Berkin Elvan . ' " Recep Tayyip Erdogan , Turkey 's fiery Prime Minister , has yet to mention the Elvan family in any of his daily campaign rallies . Erdogan is fighting hard to mobilize his ruling Justice and Development Party to continue its decade-long electoral winning streak in this month 's municipal elections . However , Abdullah Gul , the man who holds the largely symbolic post of Turkish President , personally called the grieving family Monday . "  The family was very grateful for the call . They asked  for  Mr President 's help in finding out the security cam recordings of the incident , which , interestingly , could n't be found so far , " an official in Abdullah Gul 's office wrote CNN in an e-mail , on condition of anonymity because of Turkish protocol . "  And they asked the help of Mr President for calm during the funeral -- and especially that the police shall not intervene . The President told them that he will talk to the governor especially to provide a smooth , calm and respectful funeral without any more bad scenes . " There was little to no visible police presence escorting the funeral procession on Wednesday . But as the sun began to set in Istanbul , police riot control vehicles began hosing down throngs of demonstrators with water cannons , sending thousands of people sprinting to escape clouds of tear gas . Clashes also erupted in the port city of Izmir on Wednesday , as well as the Turkish capital Ankara .	Thousands march , mourning 15-year-old who died after nine months in coma Berkin Elvan suffered a head wound after leaving his home to buy bread He died Tuesday ; mourners blame a police tear gas canister for his wound The death caused rage against the Turkish government that sparked protests nationwide
At 16 , Deon just about stopped dreaming . The teen , born and raised mainly in Yakima , Washington , has been in and out of foster care since he was 5 . Every time it looked like he might finally be adopted and find a permanent home , his hopes were dashed . "  You start to feel numb and depressed , " said Deon , admitting that last year he "  kind of gave up " ever thinking a family would want him . "  You lose hope ... and you think ... I have a few more years to go of this . What 's going to happen to me ? " he said during an interview . At 18 , children in foster care essentially age out of the system . State agencies might offer them services such as job skills training or help building resumes , but they ultimately need to find a way to take care of themselves . "  It 's pretty frightening for them because they really are just pretty much on their own , " said Amber Louis , Recruitment and Outreach Specialist for the Northwest Adoption Exchange in Seattle . An idea is born While Deon was giving up , Jennifer Loomis , an acclaimed maternity and family photographer , was getting curious . A friend of hers had adopted a child . Since she and her boyfriend of four years did n't have any kids , she thought they should consider adopting as well . So , she went online , visiting sites that showcased children to adopt . "  I was so blown away by how bad the photos were that I thought , ` Oh my God , these photos do n't show these kids at all , ' " said Loomis . "  I ca n't get a sense of who these kids are . " As someone who tries to give back to her community as much as possible , Loomis thought surely she could carve out a couple of days to do a free photo shoot to create better pictures for the children . "  And so I sent an e-mail that night ... I said , ` Hi , this is really random but I 'm a photographer in Seattle and I was looking through your site and I really feel like you guys need better photos , ' " she told me with a laugh , remembering the directness of her note . Amber Louis of the Northwest Adoption Exchange received Loomis ' e-mail and jumped at the opportunity . "  I see so many kids with photos that just do n't do them justice , " said Louis . "  I think any photo that we can put together that shows their personality a little bit more is really helpful . ... I think it also increases the likelihood that an adoptive parent is going to stop and take a look when they are just scrolling through the pages of photos . " Strike a pose Loomis teamed up with another photographer , Rocky Salskov , and received donations from friends and clients , including food , balloons , even a small trampoline , to use for the photo shoot . The goal ? To show the "  sensitive , vulnerable side of these kids , " said Loomis . "  I wanted photos where you could look into their eyes and see into their soul a little bit better , where you could be like , ` Wow , Deon , what a guy , ' " she said . Deon was one of seven children in foster care , from age 9 through 17 , chosen for the two-day photo shoot . "  I got really into it . I started posing , and there was one part where they had the trampoline there and that was so fun . You jump up in the air and strike a pose , " he said . "  It was really , really cool . " Louis said she had targeted kids like Deon who she thought needed new photos . "  You just cross your fingers and hope that ... a photo will catch  someone 's  eye and they 'll inquire . " ' A burning thing in my heart ' Joanna Church of Oak Harbor , Washington , which is on Whidbey Island , remembers being at a church service as a young girl , and hearing about how children are less likely to be adopted as they get older and how older children in foster care are at greater risk for homelessness and incarceration once they age out of the foster care system . They are also at greater risk of unemployment , pregnancy and suffering from poor health , according to research . "  And so from a really young age ... it just was a burning thing in my heart that I just knew it was something I wanted to do someday , " said Church , who works with the Canadian National Defense and helps military families living on Whidbey Island . After trying for some time to have biological children , Church approached her husband , Sean Vaillancourt , a sonar operator for the Canadian Navy , with the idea of adopting an older child in the foster care system . Vaillancourt remembers feeling unsure about whether they should take such a life-changing step . "  I was nervous going into it because you just do n't know what you 're about to get ... like , ` Am I going to be borrowing trouble ? Am I going to be a good father ? ' " said Vaillancourt . After thinking about how much they had in their lives and how much they could give back , he decided to go forward but remained anxious . Sparkly , happy eyes With her husband 's support , Church headed online to look for children hoping for a home . She saw Deon 's picture on a different website and went right past it , she said . ` It was n't a good picture . It was grainy . ... It did not capture me at all . " But when she saw Deon on the Northwest Adoption Exchange website , which showcased the pictures that Loomis and Salskov had taken , she stopped . "  You saw ... personality in the face , like you saw it coming off the page , and it was enough to get us to stop and open that profile and look at it , and want to get to know Deon better , " said Church . When I asked her what she saw in those pictures , she said Deon 's "  sparkly happy eyes . " OPINION : Why adoption jokes hurt Amber Louis remembers the phone call . "  When I heard that there was this family interested , I kept my fingers and toes crossed , " she said . Photographer Loomis , who is due to give birth in July , smiled when she heard the news . "  This is exactly what I hoped for even though I was n't sure it would happen . Photographs can be really powerful when they are authentic and genuine . " When Deon learned a family was interested in him , he was excited but his guard remained up . "  I thought it was too good to be true because I 've had that happen to me where I 'd go for a little bit and then I 'd come back , and so the fact that somebody actually wants me is pretty cool . " In October , Deon moved into Joanna and Sean 's home and then they started the process of adopting him . They expect his adoption to become final next week and are planning a big family party to celebrate . Joanna and Sean are also helping Deon get Canadian citizenship , because they will be moving to Victoria , British Columbia in August . No matter where they live , they say they are committed to making sure Deon remains connected with his biological family , including a great grandmother who has been his primary care provider throughout this life . "  They 've really given me a new look on life , " said Deon , referring to Joanna and Sean . "  Instead of feeling just like that I 'm all alone , I actually feel like I have somebody there for me . " "  I think that 's the most rewarding thing is just trying to be there for somebody else , " said Vaillancourt . Raising awareness Church has become a passionate advocate for children in foster care , hoping her story will help raise awareness about how many kids are waiting for homes and how life-changing adoption can be for them . As of November of last year , there were nearly 400,000 children in the United States in foster care . "  There 's just such a need , there  are  just so many great kids out there , " she said . To people who might be afraid to adopt an older child thinking they will come with grown-up issues to contend with , Church argues that biological children come with big question marks , too . "  Well , you just do n't know what kind of kid you 're going to get , " she said people tell her . "  And my response is always , you  do n't  know what kind of kid you 're going to get when you birth them . " Saving a life For Church 's husband , the experience is all about giving a kid a chance . "  We 've all had our chances , from our parents , from somebody looking out for us , and these  kids  have nobody looking out for them , " said Vaillancourt . Before the couple decided to adopt Deon , he did n't do that well in school and thought the military might be his only option . Now his grades are up , and he 's running track for his high school , learning to drive , getting excited to travel to Canada and thinking about other careers , including one in the military . "  We get the privilege of helping a kid discover who he is , what he likes , what his strengths are and what he can be truly passionate about in life , " said Church in a follow-up e-mail . When you give someone a chance , it can change their life forever , Deon said . "  They could actually play a part in the community and do something with  themselves  , rather than end up in jail or even worse , dead , " he said . "  You are basically saving a life . " Would you consider adopting an older child ? Chime in below in the comments or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter and CNN Living on Facebook .	Photographer Jennifer Loomis felt the photos of foster children did n't do them justice She and another photographer convened a free photo shoot to capture better photos Deon , 16 , was one of seven foster children who took part in the special shoot Nearly 400,000 children were in foster care as of November 2013
CNN  -- As Paula Deen 's apology tour continues , it becomes more and more disturbing to watch . With each heartfelt tearful statement , Deen seems completely uninterested in the broader contexts of her comments , missing ample opportunities to address the reality of racism today both in the form of cultural and social interactions , but even more powerfully by policies and actions . I heard her speak very little about the extraordinary injuries and injustices black people face , I have not heard her show alliance with those who fight racism nor show solidarity with or compassion for black people based on the profound impact racism has on their lives . What kind of heartfelt apology intended to prove you are not a racist ignores these gestures ? Deen is steadfast in her denials about being a racist . But she seems to explain away her actions or redirect the conversation when asked about the specifics of her comments and their implications . Her reflections , apologies and justifications are striking in their inability to see things from the perspective of those she has offended , and how they might feel in the face of her actions . Plus , she ca n't seem to connect her actions to broader , endemic conditions in society . This could be a teachable moment to discuss how complex racism is , how good intentions can not do the work of anti-racism education , and how even people who like black people can behave in ways that do racial harm . Yes , Paula Deen , good people can hold racist ideas even though they might not be aware of them . Instead , it has turned in to a maudlin , self-absorbed reality-TV style drama . Her apology on the "  Today " show on Wednesday is a case in point . In it , Deen was asked about her use of the N-word . In reply , she emphasized that she had a gun put to her head and that the black man wielding it was someone to whom she had given a loan . Her emphasis asks us to empathize with her . I guess we are to say , "  Oh sure , with a gun to my head I 'd resort to racial epithets , too , especially if I gave that N-word some loan money . " She has other options here : ones that might contribute to our broader racial conversation and knowledge about race . She could have said : "  It was a horrible word to use given its powerful centuries long role , especially in the South , as a way to dehumanize black people . And , my identity as a white Southern woman  one whose family were slave holders  only makes it worse . It undermines my belief in racial equality and counters my efforts to support racial justice . " Later in the interview , when "  Today " anchor Matt Lauer returned to the issue of her use of the N-word , she deflected her use , and instead described how the constant use of the word by the young black staffers in her kitchen hurts HER . What ? I am not a fan of black youth using the word so casually , extensively and publicly , but there is a remarkable lack of self-awareness to imagine that their use of the term is equivalent to her use of the word . What does their use have to do with hers ? How is it that we are talking about her injury again ? Her lack of awareness was evident again in her desire to have a plantation style wedding party , which would feature a black-only wait staff . She thought the black-only wait staff - who , in historical context would likely be performing as slave workers -- would be an entertaining theme . Was she going to have the white guests perform Southern plantation era behavior of "  cultured " and vicious racial domination , too ? Who was supposed to be entertained by this ? Perhaps some of the apology tour could be devoted to explaining her vision for this party and why she thought it a good idea . And , ideally , this would be followed by an admission that she should have considered the downside of having black low-wage workers , who as a group face extraordinary levels of job discrimination and other hurdles , play slaves for white partygoers . I suspect she imagines no ill racial intent in this , either . Frankly , she is n't alone in this kind of thinking . Our public understanding about how racism works today is thwarted by the personalized response that focuses on intention , rather than action . "  Good " people are very often blind to and support disturbing and discriminatory actions , behaviors and ideas . Today , there is widespread normalized racial discrimination . One study shows that white job applicants with a criminal record are nearly twice as likely to get a call back for low-wage work than equally qualified black applicants with a college degree and no criminal record . For this apology tour to do real good , Deen might consider taking an anti-racist position , reaching out to black people and honoring the pain many face as a result of serious racial discrimination , and thinking about how she might have contributed to it . Deen might use her extensive media platform to draw attention to racial injustice today , to show the broader public just how much it saturates American society , even for those who think they are above it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tricia Rose .	Tricia Rose : Paula Deen does n't seem to see why she offended people She says Deen does n't connect her actions to broader , endemic conditions in society Deen also should explain idea of a plantation wedding with all-black staff , Rose says
CNN  -- The young girl whispered in a hushed tone . She looked down as she spoke , only glancing up from her dark round eyes every now and then . She wanted to tell more , but she was too ashamed . She was just 9 years old when , she says , Congolese soldiers gang-raped her on her way to school . The young girl on the right says she was raped by Congolese soldiers . She was just 9 when it happened . "  These two soldiers nabbed her , put a bag over her head and pulled her into the bushes . She explains it as , ` They got me , ' " says Sherrlyn Borkgren , who spent a month in the Democratic Republic of the Congo late last year . Borkgren , a wedding photographer and freelance journalist , traveled to the war-torn region of eastern Congo after being awarded the ShootQ Grant , a $ 10,000 award to free photographers from everyday life to pursue a project that raises awareness of an important global issue . Borkgren pauses when she speaks of meeting the girl . "  She was obviously very traumatized to repeat this out loud , and I do n't think she had repeated it to anyone . " The young girl lied to her about her age when they first spoke . "  She said she was 15 when she was raped , " Borkgren says . "  I figured she probably wanted to say she was 15 because it 's more acceptable than to say , ' I was 9 when they raped me . ' " The United Nations estimates 200,000 women and girls have been raped in Congo over the last 12 years , when war broke out with Rwanda and Uganda backing Congolese rebels seeking to oust then-Congo President Laurent Kabila . Rape became a weapon of war , aid groups say . "  It is one of the worst places in the world to be a woman or girl , " says Anneke Van Woudenberg , a senior researcher with Human Rights Watch who has spent the last 10 years focusing on Congo . "  These are often soldiers and combatants deliberately targeting women and raping them as a strategy of war , either to punish a community , to terrorize a community or to humiliate them . " Most times , the women are raped by at least two perpetrators . "  Sometimes , that is done in front of the family , in front of the children , " Van Woudenberg says . She sighs , "  What causes men to rape -- I wish I had an answer to that . " Against this backdrop , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , one of the world 's strongest voices for women 's rights , traveled to Congo as part of her whirlwind trip to Africa . Watch Clinton detail expectations for Africa " Clinton arrived in Goma in eastern Congo Tuesday where she is to meet with rape victims during her visit . "  I hope that here in the -LSB- Congo -RSB- there will be a concerted effort to demand justice for women who are violently attacked , and to make sure that their attackers are punished , " Clinton said Monday after a tour of a Kinshasa hospital . Human rights groups are eager to see if Clinton pressures Joseph Kabila , president of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the son of Laurent Kabila , to do more to pursue charges against top army commanders accused of rape . "  Soldiers have committed gang rapes , rapes leading to injury and death , and abductions of girls and women , " a report released last month by Human Rights Watch says . "  Their crimes are serious violations of international humanitarian law . Commanders have frequently failed to stop sexual violence and may themselves be guilty of war crimes or crimes against humanity as a consequence . " Van Woudenberg says punishment , unfortunately , is all too rare for sex crimes . "  If you rape , you get away with it , " she says . According to the United Nations , there were 15,996 new cases of sexual violence registered throughout Congo in 2008 . Nearly two out of every three rapes were carried out against children , most of them adolescent girls , the Human Rights Watch report says . A paltry 27 soldiers were convicted in military courts last year . Under the current court system , the military handles accusations of rape against its soldiers -- something aid groups say must be changed for real accountability . Since January of this year , aid organizations say there 's been a surge of violence against civilians as a result of Congolese operations against Rwandan Hutu rebels , some of whom are believed to have participated in 1994 's Rwandan genocide . The fighting has left more than 1.8 million people displaced in the volatile region , according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . Aid groups have started to see an uptick of rapes of men this year , although women and girls remain the primary targets . "  The brutality has increased on a huge scale , " Van Woudenberg says . She says she interviewed one 15-year-old girl who was held in a hole for five months and gang-raped nearly every day . She had gone out shopping when soldiers approached . "  They asked me to take off my clothes , and I did . There was n't much I could do , " the girl told her . "  They took me into the bush . I stayed for five months with these people , and when I came back , I was five months pregnant . " Van Woudenberg adds , "  Gosh , the brutality against the women and girls is unimaginable . " Congo has taken some measures to try to curb the sexual violence . In 2006 , its parliament passed a law criminalizing rape , with penalties ranging from five to 20 years . Penalties are doubled under certain circumstances , including gang-rape and if the perpetrator is a public official . Kabila 's wife , Olive Lemba Kabila , has launched a public campaign speaking out against rapes of the nation 's women and girls . The army has also started a zero-tolerance campaign in which commanders have emphasized to troops that they must respect human rights and protect civilians from harm , according to the U.N. . In May , the United Nations handed over the names of five top military officers accused of rape . Two of the senior officers are now detained in the capital of Kinshasa and the three others must report to authorities under close observation . "  It 's expected that a trial could happen soon , " said U.N. spokesman Yves Sorokobi . "  It certainly is a big development . ... It 's important . It 's significant . " Still more must be done , aid groups say , starting with the establishment of a special court made up of Congolese and international judges and prosecutors to investigate rape allegations . Borkgren , the photographer from Eugene , Oregon , says she went to the Congo after having a dream in which two women yelled at her to "  come over here . " She won the grant and traveled there for four weeks , beginning in November of last year . She hitchhiked her way around the country , something she now admits was "  a little bit stupid . " She says she once came face-to-face with soldiers when she was shopping at a market by herself . One of the men said he wanted to "  take me up to his camp . " She still ca n't shake the looks of the local women who were there . "  That was interesting , " she says . "  When the soldiers were harassing me , the women looked ashamed of the soldiers . And when they saw me tell them , ` No , go away , ' the women looked at me quite surprised . " Eventually , she found the girl who touched her heart -- "  the great , great kid . " Borkgren first spoke with her father , who was initially reluctant to introduce her to his daughter . He explained that the family had gone to authorities , only to be ignored . Borkgren says that when she met the girl , they got along instantly . At times , the young child did n't know how to describe what happened . "  She would say , ' I do n't understand what it is , and I do n't know what words to use . ' " "  It just turned my heart to think that here 's this little girl who does n't even have the words to describe what happened to her , and has to live her life having had this violence put upon her . Just this thoughtless violence that she did n't deserve or ask for . It 's so inhumane . " Her images capture a glimpse into that world , of savagery and lost innocence . The soldiers and rebels carrying out the rapes , she says , are misguided people who need help . Caught in the middle are the innocents : women , girls and fathers struggling to get justice .	UN : 200,000 women , girls raped in Democratic Republic of Congo in last 12 years Photographer Sherrlyn Borkgren met a girl who detailed being raped by soldiers "  Two soldiers nabbed her , put a bag over her head and pulled her into the bushes " Aid worker : Congo "  is one of the worst places in the world to be a woman or girl "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. military hopes to kill or capture some 50 Afghan drug traffickers with financial ties to the Taliban in an effort to shut down one of the insurgency 's biggest sources of revenue , a U.S. Senate report says . Afghan men smoke heroin in the city of Herat on August 7 , 2009 . The new plan is the first time the U.S. military has been directly involved in anti-narcotics efforts in Afghanistan , and commanders say it is an essential part of the overall plan to stabilize the country , which is under heavy Taliban influence . Until now the U.S. military has left the eradication programs to other U.S. agencies and the Afghan military , keeping its "  most wanted " list to insurgent leaders tied to bomb making , weapons smuggling or facilitating foreign fighters into the country . "  The change is dramatic for a military that once ignored the drug trade flourishing in front of its eyes , " according to the report . "  No longer are U.S. commanders arguing that going after the drug lords is not part of their mandate . " It does not name the 50 targets , but says they are on a list of 367 names of Taliban and other insurgents targeted by the U.S. military . "  Some " of the 50 have already been apprehended or killed , according to a senior military official . The official would not quantify the amount further and would not speak on the record because of the sensitive nature of the issue . The yet-to-be released report was prepared by staff for members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . A copy was provided to CNN . It is based on testimony by U.S. military officials to the committee . Bush-era efforts by the United States and the U.S.-trained Afghan Army to eliminate poppy farms did very little to solve the problem , with numerous farmers ' crops flourishing while other farmers were left with no source of income and bitterness toward the Afghan government , the report concludes . It criticizes former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld for failing to push forward on a military role in drug eradication even after being shown proof of the connection between the drug lords and the Taliban . The change in the U.S. military 's approach to fighting the drug war came last fall after the United States told NATO members that the drug trade was a threat to NATO troops because there was a direct connection between it and Taliban insurgents in Afghanistan . "  There is what we call a nexus of insurgency . There 's a very broad range of militant groups that are combined with the criminality , with the narco-trafficking system , with corruption , that form a threat and a challenge to the future of that great country , " then-U.S. commander in Afghanistan Gen. David McKiernan told reporters at the Pentagon last October . But with a new approach to the war by the Obama administration , the United States has started attacking the drug problem head on . According to the report , this year U.S. and NATO combat forces started attacking militants , drug labs and buildings connected to insurgents with ties to drug lords for the first time since the start of the war in 2001 . Referring to people tied to narcotics and militants , the report says , "  The military places no restrictions on the use of force with these selected targets , which means they can be killed or captured on the battlefield . " The Pentagon 's spokesman said the effort is still focused on fighting terrorism . "  There is a well-established link -LSB- between -RSB- the drug trade and financing of the insurgency and terrorism , " said spokesman Bryan Whitman . "  It 's important to delineate that we target terrorists that are connected to the drug trade . ... Terrorist do interface with drug networks and we know they provide finance for the insurgency , and it 's this nexus that creates the security and force-protection issues that make them a legitimate target . " A major U.S. Marine offensive against the Taliban was launched last month in the southern Afghan province of Helmand , home to the majority of the poppy farms and opium trade . The report says the Taliban make about $ 70 million a year on the drug trade . The report concedes that counter-narcotics alone will not win the war , but says slowing the flow of illicit money will play a crucial role in "  determining whether we can carve out the space required to provide the security and economic development necessary to bring a level of stability to Afghanistan . "	Report : U.S. military pursuing 50 Afghan drug traffickers tied to Taliban New initiative strives to shut down big revenue source for insurgency Report : "  The change is dramatic for a military that once ignored the drug trade , " U.S. , NATO forces now targeting insurgents tied to drug lords , report says
CNN  -- Just under two years before hosting the World Cup , Brazil sacked coach Mano Menezes as the South American country signaled a change of direction in its quest for unprecedented sixth title . Menezes had hoped to lead Brazil to victory on home soil but his failure to win over his critics with his muscular type of play appears to have cost him . The 50-year-old , who replaced the legendary Dunga following the 2010 World Cup , had come under heavy scrutiny following his side 's failure to win a historic first Olympic gold at London 2012 -- losing in the final to Mexico despite fielding a star-studded line-up . The news was greeted with joy by former Brazil striker and World Cup winner Romario , . "  Today is a historic day , Brazil needs to celebrate , " Romario said on his Facebook page . "  Finally the federation did something good for Brazilian football . It took a while to happen , but it did . " Brazil also failed to deliver at the 2011 Copa America , bowing out at the quarterfinal stage . "  As it has been announced , I 'm not the national coach anymore , " Menezes wrote on Twitter . "  My thanks to all the people who worked with me on this project , specially the players that were called up during this period and all those who believed in our work . " Brazil name little-known Menezes as replacement for Dunga Menezes was often criticized for his side 's style of play with fans yearning to a return to the "  joga bonito "  ` beautiful game "  style for which Brazil teams are so well known . Whereas past sides , most notably that of 1970 , were known for their flair and skill , Menezes ' side was more functional than entertaining . Although his team won six of its eight matches since the Olympics , with 26 goals coming in the process , Menezes struggled to justify his switch away from the freeflowing , samba-style football associated with Brazil . But the decision came as a surprise with Brazil slowly beginning to look more impressive with several key players returning to form . The attacking trio of Oscar , Neymar and Hulk provided a real threat , while Ramires and Paulinho had recently shone in the center of midfield . The form of Paris Saint-Germain defender Thiago Silva and the return to the side of Real Madrid 's Kaka had looked to have given Brazil a new found lease of life . But after a difficult reign , Menezes was relieved of his duties following talks with CBF president Jose Maria Marin . "  I gave him the news myself , " Brazilian Football Confederation  CBF  national squad director Andres Sanches told reporters . "  Nobody likes to receive news of these kind of things in any circumstances , but everyone in football knows that these things happen . "  A new coach will be announced in January . " New man Former Palmeiras manager Luis Felipe Scolari , who led Brazil to World Cup glory back in 2002 , is the current favorite with Corinthians coach Tite and Santos boss Muricy Ramalho also in contention . Brazil will host the Confederations Cup in six months ' time before taking center stage for the World Cup a year later . The new manager 's first game in charge will be against England at Wembley on February 6 .	Brazil has fired coach Mano Menezes with immediate effect Menezes has been under fire since Olympics failure South American country is set to host World Cup in 2014 Brazil will appoint new coach in January according to officials
CNN  -- Israel has halted a plan that would have displaced tens of thousands of Bedouins in the southern part of the country . The controversial plan would have involved destroying "  unrecognized " villages in the Negev , and resettling the displaced Bedouin citizens into "  recognized " villages . Benny Begin , a former lawmaker who helped construct the plan , said Thursday it does not have enough votes in the Knesset , the Israeli parliament , to move forward . The Prawer Plan was based on an effort to better integrate Israel 's Bedouin population into Israeli society . Following recommendations of a committee chaired by retired Supreme Court Justice Eliezer Goldberg , the Israeli Cabinet approved a plan in 2011 . The Cabinet also approved more economic development in the Bedouin sector of the Negev , the government said at the time . But the plan to displace Bedouins sparked anger . Last month , Israeli riot police broke up a demonstration comprising more than 1,000 people who were protesting . According to Israeli sources , more than 40,000 Bedouins would have been affected by the plan ; Bedouin elders estimate the total at more than 70,000 . In a statement Thursday , Begin said he has suggested that the law be halted , but efforts to develop the Bedouin communities in the Negev continue . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu "  accepted my suggestion , " he said .	Israel halted a controversial plan that would have displaced tens of thousands of Bedouins The plan , which angered the Bedouins , did not get enough votes in parliament The aim was to integrate the historic farming community more into Israeli society
St. Petersburg , Russia  CNN  -- Russia 's President Vladimir Putin on Friday criticized Western nations for failing to ensure that weapons it plans to supply to Syrian rebels do not fall into the hands of al Qaeda . "  Where will those weapons end up , " Putin told the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum , which was moderated by CNN 's John Defterios . Putin questioned how weapons could safely be supplied to rebels if the U.S. recognized one of the key opposition groups was al Qaeda 's affiliate Jabhat al-Nusra . "  If the United States and the State Department recognize that one of the key opposition organizations al-Nusra is a terrorist organization officially recognized as terrorist which is linked to al Qaeda , how can they give weapons to that part of the opposition ? " he said . "  There are no answers to those questions ... so it is not as simple as some people would suggest . We believe that our position is well founded ... we believe only the Syrian people themselves can guarantee a long-term solution . " His comments came as Syrian rebels said Friday they have received heavy weapons -- including anti-tank and anti-aircraft missiles -- from "  brotherly nations that support the Syrian revolution . " At the G8 summit in Northern Ireland this week , Putin came under intense pressure to back plans to sideline Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Putin is the only G8 leader who supports the Assad regime and during the meetings U.S. President Barack Obama said the two had "  differing perspectives " but shared an interest in ending the violence . On Friday , Putin laid it out more starkly : "  There is indeed a certain difference of view between us and , let 's say , the U.S. , " he said . The G8 summit came days after the U.S. pledged to play a greater role in assisting Syrian rebels , citing evidence that al-Assad 's regime used chemical weapons against the rebels and his own people . But Putin declared that he would not risk arms getting into the hands of rebels who "  who kill their enemies and eat their organs , " referencing a widely circulated video that purports to show a rebel fighter eating the heart of a dead soldier . Putin reiterated his determination Friday to seek a peaceful outcome . "  We should encourage the sides , the parties to the conflict to engage in dialogue and achieve positive results , " he said . "  This discussion was among interested parties among partners and there were differing opinions during that debate ... despite the depth and complexity of the problems , we were looking for a way to compromise . " The Russian leader also laid out plans to boost his country 's anemic economic growth and crack down on tax evasion following promises made at the G8 meeting . Putin was speaking alongside German Chancellor Angela Merkel , who said she had a "  certain degree of skepticism " over Turkey 's accession to the European Union after the government 's heavy-handed approach to protestors . Merkel said she was "  shocked to see how the authorities dealt with demonstrators . " Turkey has been wracked by more than two weeks of protests against the government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan . Merkel said discussions centred on whether it was the right time for Turkey to join , but that was "  a totally different issue than whether the whole process as such will be stopped . " Putin said Russia would be tracking corporate accounting but would also look to create new investment opportunities . He added that the country 's plans to create "  dynamic economic growth " which needed a balance between long terms goals and urgent issue . He said the country needed to increase its labor productivity , promote investment and innovation . Putin said the country 's tax policy should be working to develop business incentives , modernize business and create high quality jobs . However , he said , "  this is not the end of the course . " The country would also look closely at "  policy fiscal accounting and book keeping ... we have been talking about that for a long time . " Putin added : "  Developing our tax policy is not justification for an increase in tax burdens for business . " Putin will be chair of the G-20 summit in September , following from the G8 summit of major developed nations . At the G8 -- made up of UK , U.S. , Germany , Russia , France , Italy , Japan and Canada -- the leaders also agreed to step up efforts to make individuals and companies pay the taxes they owe . Stung by mounting evidence that major companies are shifting profits across borders , G8 leaders said countries should change rules to prevent that from happening and multinationals should report what tax they pay and where . Tackling illegal tax avoidance has become increasingly important for governments as they struggle to revive their economies while paying down debt levels that exploded in the wake of the global financial crisis . Pressure has intensified in the wake of Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke 's suggestions this week the stimulus program could be scaled back this year and end it completely in 2014 . Stock markets around the world sank , including by nearly 4 % in Russia .	Russian president criticizes West for failing to ensure weapons do n't reach al Qaeda Putin under intense pressure to back plans to sideline Syrian President Bashar al-Assad "  There is indeed a certain difference of view between us and the U.S. " - Putin Latest comments made at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum
RealSimple.com  -- Readers share the uncustomary customs they celebrate year after year . Since we moved to Virginia four years ago , my husband and I have attended the annual National Menorah Lighting on the Ellipse , in Washington , D.C. . A military band accompanies three cantors while they give the blessing and sing , and latkes and sufganiyot  a type of doughnut often enjoyed on Hanukkah  are served . Afterward we go to our favorite Mediterranean restaurant . I am pregnant with twins due this month , and I ca n't wait to share this tradition with them . -- Cyndi Alderson , Oak Hill , Virginia RealSimple.com : Holiday celebrations around the world When my two siblings and I were very young , our nana started the tradition of hiding a small plastic bird in our Christmas tree  it was notable for the Band-Aid on its left leg , courtesy of a run-in with the family dog  . The three of us would search high and low to find the bird , which was supposed to bring the finder luck in the coming year . Once we were adults , our mom wanted us to continue the ritual with our own families , so she gave each of us a replica of a red cardinal . And ever since we 've enjoyed watching the next generation search for these birds . -- Beth Britton , New York , New York A marshmallow fight . It always happens after dinner on Christmas Eve , and usually one of my cousins starts it . Everyone joins in , from the toddlers to the grandparents , until someone waves the white flag . -- Jessica P. Sanchez , La Mirada , California During Hanukkah , we do a Yankee swap , a gift exchange . It has always been great fun , but a few years ago my husband and I decided to make it even more interesting by sneaking decoy gifts into the mix . They look like normal presents from the outside -- we wrap up things like CD cases , gift-card envelopes , and wine bottles -- but once you look inside , you see that the original item has been replaced with a note card bearing an instruction , such as "  Switch gifts with a person of the opposite gender " or "  Choose a new gift -- and no one can take it from you . " This little twist was a surprise to everyone the first year , but now it is our favorite part of the ritual . -- Christine Gritmon , Pearl River , New York Every December , my friends and I visit a nearby resort that hosts a holiday gnome hunt . Twenty of these white-bearded men , which range from 6 to 12 inches tall , are hidden throughout a giant atrium . Our group of 12 splits into teams of three , and we give ourselves a two-hour time limit to scavenge for the gnomes . The folks who find the largest number of them win free ice cream or hot chocolate , depending on the weather that night . -- Alicia Carby , Orlando , Florida RealSimple.com : Readers ' recipes from their family ktchens While we decorate the tree , our family devours a spread of doughnuts and Champagne . We always save the wire cage from the top of the bottle , write the year underneath the cap with a permanent marker , then affix the cage to a high branch . My husband and I have done this since we got married , nearly three decades ago , so this year there will be 27 Champagne cages adorning our tree . They are unusual , to say the least , and add a fun pop of color . -- Evelyn Cucchiara , Madison , New Jersey One tradition that my clan adopted from our hometown of Maracaibo , Venezuela -- in fact , it 's common in several Latin American countries -- is to wear a new pair of yellow underpants on New Year 's Eve and into the following day . It 's supposed to bring good luck . My husband , who is American , was amused to hear of this custom when I told him about it back in 2006 . Later that same day , he came home with two pairs of underwear : Mine were simply yellow , but he could find only a pair of SpongeBob Square-pants boxers for himself . Two pairs of lucky underwear now top our holiday shopping lists every year . -- Natalia Gustafson , Baton Rouge , Louisiana After a few glasses of wine on Christmas Eve , my family and friends play Name That Tune using my late mother 's collection of wooden nutcrackers . The rules are simple : You "  crack " out the song using the jaw 's lever , and the group has to guess what it is . Christmas carols are typically easy to identify -- I can pull off a mean version of "  Jingle Bell Rock " -- but opera , which was my mom 's favorite , and blues , my uncle 's music of choice , are nearly impossible to recognize . -- Marybeth Kass , Holyoke , Massachusetts Our tree is covered with mementos instead of ornaments . We have key chains from trips  Germany , the Grand Canyon  ; my grandmother 's credit cards from high-end stores , like Harrods in London ; and the hook my brother wore when he played Captain Hook in second grade -- all of which are hung with green ribbon . During the year , we keep the more fragile items  origami swans , napkins with funny quotes scribbled on them , business cards  pressed between the pages of a Life magazine from the 1960s , which is when my parents started this tradition . Flipping through that magazine is a beloved part of the occasion now , too . -- Genna Hinkle , Saratoga Springs , New York Our New Year 's Eve would not be complete without bagna cauda , a southern Italian dip . Its literal translation is "  hot bath . " To make it , you combine anchovies , tuna , garlic , and heavy cream in a sizzling skillet .  A word of warning : The overpowering smell may ward off some guests .  Still , we believe , as the Italians of Calabria do , that you must consume at least one cabbage leaf soaked in it or your luck in the coming year may be jeopardized . -- Anne Johnson , Prior Lake , Minnesota RealSimple.com : How do you make holiday entertaining less stressful ? I trace my kids ' hands on our red flannel tree skirt with fabric-paint pens and also include their ages . I have been doing this for the past seven years . My boys , ages 13 and 11 , have loved witnessing how their hands have grown . The skirt is now half-full . Someday we 'll add their spouses ' handprints , or just wait for their children to be born . -- Rebecca Wheat Townsend , Abilene , Texas We collect dry milkweed pods in the fall . Then we open them during the holidays and blow the fluffy white seeds all over our tree . It looks like snow on the branches . -- Vicki Ann Shannon , Marshall , Missouri At midnight on New Year 's Eve , our family and friends join us to bang on the light post in front of our home . Using hammers and wrenches , we hit the post for about two minutes straight while shouting , "  Happy New Year ! " Hopefully , we do n't drive the neighbors crazy . -- Lorrie Kellerman-Fullmer , Anthem , Arizona Our tradition is eating plum pudding and hard sauce , which is a topping made of butter , sugar , and alcohol . While my sisters and I were growing up , my Irish mother always bought a particular brand of pudding . When the company stopped making it , we tried other versions , but nothing tasted right to us . Mom experimented until she came up with a recipe that was reminiscent of the original . Nowadays , we live far apart from one another , but one thing we all do during the holidays is whip up her matchless holiday treat . -- Maura Diehl , Orefield , Pennsylvania Every January , my family cuts the base off the Christmas tree in order to display it in a glass-topped coffee table . It 's a long process : To keep the wood from rotting , we dry it out for several months , then coat the entire thing in polyurethane . We then use rub-on numbers to mark the year . There is the base of the tree my brother pulled down as a toddler , and one from the tiny tree my dad had when he was serving in Saudi Arabia . The nearly three dozen bases make up a family time line like no other . -- Marley Cassels , Columbia , Missouri Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2010 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Hiding an item in your Christmas tree is an easy tradition to pass down One reader 's family participates in a marshmallow fight every Christmas Eve Many families participate in a Yankee swap -- a trick gift exchange People wear a pair of yellow underpants in Latin American countries on New Year 's Eve
New York  CNN  -- A controversial NYPD surveillance unit that cataloged information on Muslim communities never produced a lead that linked to a potential terrorist plot during years of investigating , according to the head of the city 's police intelligence division . The NYPD 's Demographics Unit -- or Zone Assessment Unit -- was put together with the CIA 's help following the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . The unit has acknowledged that it engaged in monitoring that included Muslim-owned business and mosques across the New York region . The unit 's reports , however , never led to a terrorism investigation in at least six years of surveillance , according to court testimony from Thomas P. Galati , the commanding officer of the police intelligence division . "  I could tell you that I have never made a lead from rhetoric that came from a Demographics report and I 'm here since 2006 , " he said in a June 28 deposition unsealed Monday . "  I do n't recall other ones prior to my arrival . Again , that 's always a possibility . I am not aware of any . " A 60-page report obtained by The Associated Press earlier this year showed NYPD maps of Newark , New Jersey , and photographs of Muslim residences and mosques , while other reports revealed that authorities had tracked websites and on at least one occasion placed an undercover officer with university students . There was no statement in the documents regarding terrorism or criminal activity . Galati 's June testimony was part of a lawsuit that actually began with a class-action case in 1971 and resulted in a historic settlement over a decade later known as the Handschu agreement , or Handschu guidelines . The settlement restricted police -- who were then accused of compiling dossiers on political activists and those perceived as radicals -- from investigating individuals whose activities were constitutionally protected . But civil rights attorneys last year filed papers in federal court challenging whether the use of undercover agents and informants within Muslim communities constituted a breach of those guidelines . NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said Tuesday that the "  premise that the demographic unit was used for wholesale spying on Muslims , using undercover officers and informants to do so , was false , " and that neither "  confidential informants nor undercover officers were assigned to the demographics unit . " Browne added that "  the small unit , about 8 people , surveyed places a terrorist might go to use a foreign language internet cafe , get a job off the books , find a place to stay , etc. " However , police did uncover information that "  led them to recommend that investigators take a closer look . " He pointed to an "  Islamic book store in Brooklyn frequented by the Herald Square plotter " as well as a Staten Island location that was being separately investigated by the NYPD . Police actions adhered to the Handschu guidelines , Browne added , which were modified following the 2001 attacks to provide authorities greater leeway in investigating potential threats . In the first expansive official description of the city 's Demographics Unit , Galati testified in June that the NYPD had collected information often based on ethnicity and language . "  Most Urdu speakers from that region  Pakistan  would be of concern , so that 's why it 's important to me , " he said . Listening in on a conversation at a Lebanese cafe could also be useful , he added , allowing analysts to determine what part of Lebanon the cafe-goers were from . "  That may be an indicator of possibility that that is a sympathizer to Hezbollah because Southern Lebanon is dominated by Hezbollah . " But "  related to demographics ... "  I can tell you that information that  has  come in has not commenced an investigation . " The purpose of the unit is to help "  identify locations if we 're faced with a threat , " he noted , offering investigators a better starting point when confronted with a possible attack . "  The police department needs to know where we should go and look for that particular terrorist , " he said . "  A lot of information that the Zone Assessment Unit captures helps us identify locations that we should look or not look for . " He noted that "  the information in the Demographics reports does have value " because it "  contains a lot of bits and pieces of value , of intelligence value . " In May , New Jersey Attorney General Jeffrey Chiesa announced that the NYPD did not violate New Jersey laws when it carried out surveillance of Muslim-run businesses across state lines . The findings were the product of a three-month review meant to address concerns expressed by Muslim organizations , who later filed a lawsuit in New Jersey federal court against the NYPD for unfairly targeting the Muslim community . Meanwhile , news of Galati 's testimony drew statements from activists on Tuesday , who called the police program "  unconstitutional and inconsistent with our nation 's values . " "  The NYPD 's spying on Muslims based solely upon their faith violates the most basic American values of religious freedom and equal protection of the law , " said Glenn Katon , legal director of an activist group called Muslim Advocates . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder in March called reports of NYPD surveillance "  disturbing , " though White House chief counterterrorism advisor John Brennan praised the city 's efforts to strike a balance between security and the protection of civil rights .	The NYPD 's Demographics Unit was put together with the CIA 's help The unit 's reports never led to a terrorism investigation in at least 6 years of monitoring Thomas P. Galati 's testimony was part of a suit that began with class-action case in 1971 NYPD says "  premise that the demographic unit was used for wholesale spying . . was false "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- During his confirmation hearing Thursday , Attorney General-designate Eric Holder conceded that he "  made mistakes " during the Marc Rich pardon incident that were "  not typical " of his conduct over the bulk of his career . Attorney General-designate Eric Holder told senators Thursday that he learned from the Rich pardon incident . Holder said he "  made assumptions that turned out not to be true " during the Rich pardon process , which became the "  most intense " and "  searing " experience he "  ever had as a lawyer . " Holder 's willingness as deputy attorney general to go along with the pardon over the objections of Justice Department career prosecutors has continued to haunt Holder . The pardon came in the last days of President Clinton 's term . At his confirmation hearing Thursday before the Senate Judiciary Committee , Holder said he learned from the Rich pardon incident and will "  be a better attorney general " as a result . Watch Holder talk about the pardon of Mark Rich " One of the lessons of the Rich case , Holder said , was the need for "  full consultation with all lawyers in the pardon process . " Holder said there was a need to improve the pardon process , which seems to experience a "  deterioration ... at the end of every administration . " Holder , in response to a question from Sen. Arlen Specter , said he did not recommend that former Clinton White House counsel Jack Quinn , who served as Rich 's lawyer during the pardon process , circumvent the Justice Department and go "  straight to the White House " with the pardon application . Holder admitted he made a mistake by being inadequately informed about Rich 's criminal background . Holder 's handling of the Rich pardon is a chief concern of Judiciary Committee Republicans . Specter , the ranking Republican on the Judiciary Committee , said there is "  no doubt " Holder "  comes with an excellent resume , but there are questions nonetheless . " Earlier , as the hearing began , Vermont Sen. Patrick Leahy appealed to the deeply polarized panel "  to move past the partisanship of the past decades " and approve Holder . Leahy , presiding over the panel , said Holder has a proven "  commitment to the rule of law . " He continued that Holder had the character to serve as attorney general while restoring morale at what Leahy termed a "  demoralized " Justice Department . A number of Republicans -- as well as some Democrats -- also blame Holder for backing pardons in the late 1990s for convicted FALN Puerto Rican prisoners who had committed acts of violence . Holder told the committee Thursday that President Clinton 's 1999 decision to grant clemency to the 16 FALN prisoners "  was reasonable . " Holder noted that there were "  a lot of people in support of that clemency request , " including former President Jimmy Carter and civil rights leader Coretta Scott King . The prisoners were "  bad people , " said Holder , but clemency was warranted in part because none of their acts resulted in physical harm to anyone . The FALN -- or Armed Forces of National Liberation -- is a Puerto Rican terrorist group responsible for multiple bombings of U.S. military installations . Holder 's confirmation hearing is set to offer the first taste of the rough and tumble partisanship in the new Congress . Leahy , who controls the committee , appears highly likely to have the votes to approve Holder 's nomination , but Republicans could make it a bruising and divisive confirmation fight . Specter has vowed to scrutinize the record of the former deputy attorney general . "  We need to be sure the attorney general does not bend his views in any way that is partisan or political , " Specter said . "  I totally disagree with him , " Leahy said of Specter during a session this week with reporters . Leahy pointedly noted "  it may be just a coincidence " that Specter and Committee Republicans began to criticize Holder 's record after GOP strategist Karl Rove suggested they should do so . Leahy has repeatedly insisted Holder 's record shows the nominee will exhibit independence from the White House if necessary while Specter remains unpersuaded . Senators of each party are expected to line up behind the two men . Specter has not said how he will vote in advance of the hearing . GOP veteran Orrin Hatch has said he may support the nomination in the end , but has questions . Former Sen. John Warner , R-Virginia , testified on Holder 's behalf , saying that while Holder 's career has been marked by certain "  misjudgments , " he has proven a capacity to learn from his mistakes . In addition to the pardon matters , Republicans say they intend to grill Holder over his role in the Justice Department decision to raid a Miami , Florida , home to remove then-10-year-old Elian Gonzales . During the tenure of Attorney General Janet Reno and Holder , the boy was handed over to his father and returned to Cuba . The anti-Castro community in South Florida and many other conservatives were livid . Republican senators have also indicated an intention to highlight Holder 's strong support for restrictions on gun rights . If confirmed , Holder would be the first African-American attorney general . CNN 's Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	NEW : Former GOP senator testifies on behalf of Attorney General-designate Holder Holder admits "  mistakes " in Rich pardon incident , defends FALN pardons Sen. Patrick Leahy urges Judiciary Committee to put partisanship aside Sen. Arlen Specter says there are questions about AG designate
Shanghai  CNN  -- Baijiu can taste like a mix of cheap perfume and cleaning agents to the uninitiated palate . The clear alcohol , which is distilled from sorghum , glutinous rice or even wheat , is considered a national drink of China . It is also the world 's most consumed spirit by volume . According to International Wine & Spirit Research , baijiu accounts for more than a third of all spirits consumed globally . But there remains little thirst for it outside of China . A crackdown on Chinese officials ' lavish spending has affected domestic sales of baijiu , a customary drink at banquets and a common luxury gift . Baijiu producers concerned with the slump in sales are looking to expand the overseas market , but results remain to be seen . Meanwhile , a new English-language publication hopes to achieve the seemingly impossible : make non-Chinese fall in love with baijiu . Debunking myths American author Derek Sandhaus would be the first one to agree that baijiu is an acquired taste . His book "  Baijiu : The Essential Guide to Chinese Spirits , " released last month , began as a blog documenting Sandhaus ' experiment to drink 300 shots of the stuff -- rumor has it , that is how much rookies need to drink before learning to enjoy the flavor . About 75 shots in , Sandhaus says he already started to appreciate the drink . He 's now a ready evangelist for the spirit , hoping to debunk all baijiu myths . "  Right now the understanding of baijiu , and traditional Asian alcohols in general , is extremely low , " Sandhaus says . "  The biggest misconception is that the word ` baijiu ' signifies a single type of spirit . Baijiu is actually a byword for all grain-based spirits produced using traditional Chinese techniques . It 's a broad category that includes more than a dozen distinct liquors . " Different baijius range in strength from over 60 % alcohol by volume , to a far gentler 30 % . They also have distinct flavor profiles , with classifications including "  light aroma , " "  heavy aroma , " and "  sauce aroma . " "  Rice aroma " is the class of baijiu that many non-Chinese find most palatable . The misconception that Sandhaus says most threatens baijiu 's success overseas , however , is that it is dangerous to the drinker 's health . In fact , "  baijiu is no more unhealthy than your average rum or whiskey . " Attempts have been made to popularize baijiu in the United States . The Houston , Texas-based distillery Byejoe USA is importing a baijiu base that is then filtered and sold in the U.S. . While in Portland , Oregon , baijiu is produced at Vinn Distillery in small amounts as an artisanal product . Sandhaus is excited about these developments : "  These efforts are relatively recent and which approach will be most successful remains to be seen . " "  I 'm optimistic that baijiu will establish a foothold outside of China , but it wo n't happen overnight . " For dinner , not parties In China , the baijiu industry faces its own challenges . In a bid to curtail lavish government spending , President Xi Jinping has reined in officials ' budgets for banqueting , and has curbed a culture of gifting , popularly associated with corruption . The measures have seen profits of luxury status-symbol brands of baijiu fall sharply . Baijiu made $ 81 billion last year , according to the China Alcoholic Drinks Association . The growth rate is 15.6 % lower than in 2012 , with a 2 % drop in profits . The setbacks have affected British liquor giant Diageo , which owns a controlling stake in the Quanxing holding company , the largest shareholder of Sichuanese baijiu brand Shui Jing Fang . Diageo CEO Ivan Meneze anticipates that the baijiu market will recover in 2015 . Younger drinkers Questions remain , however , over the longer term future of the spirit , which is less popular among young people , and faces growing competition from foreign spirits . Vance Yang , 39 , is the owner of Yuan , a Shanghai bar celebrated for its Chinese perspective on Western cocktail making . The bar does n't offer straight baijiu , but does use it in several mixed drinks , including a "  Dark and Smoggy , " which contains 30ml of rum to only 5ml of the potent Chinese liquor . Yang says that alcohol consumption differs greatly by region , with baijiu popular in rural areas , the north , and the southwest of China . Regarding younger drinkers , he says , "  those from baijiu consuming regions will carry on drinking it . But to the Chinese , baijiu is still consumed during meal times . Once they go out to party at night , they will switch to imported spirits . " Yang himself tends to drink baijiu at dinner or with business partners , but mostly in second or third tier cities , not in Shanghai . Nevertheless , the bar owner is cautiously optimistic about a future for baijiu outside China . "  It is difficult because it has an acquired smell and taste , similar to stinky tofu . Either you like it or hate it . "	American author Derek Sandhaus reached the 300-shot threshold to learn to love baijiu Biggest myth : Baijiu is dangerous Artisanal baijiu producers crop up in the United States Chinese youth choose imported spirits over traditional tipple
CNN  -- Former Wales rugby captain Gareth Thomas has spoken of his relief at finally making public the fact he is gay -- and now wants to become a role model for gay people in sport . Speaking to British news channel ITN , Thomas revealed why it has taken him so long to speak openly about his sexuality . "  Every gay man will tell you that ` coming out ' is like a weight lifted from your shoulders and beng able to walk down the street knowing that there is nothing for me to hide has been a liberating experience , " admitted Thomas -- the most capped player in Wales history with 100 appearances for his country . "  I knew I was gay at 18 , but to come out then would have meant I would not have achieved what I did in rugby . I loved rugby so much and it was so important to me that I made the decision to keep my sexuality secret . People may disagree with that , but it was my belief and my decision . "  Since my announcement I have had an amazing response and have not had one negative comment or any abuse . I think it proves there is a place for gay men in every walk of life . "  Gay men are accepted in films , music and politics because people came out and broke the mould and stereotype in those industries . "  What I am trying to do is break the trend in rugby and sport in general and show any aspiring sportsman , regardless of his age , that the mould has been broken . "  It is not an issue if a straight man plays rugby -- and I hope my decision will ensure it is not an issue if a gay man plays rugby . "	Former Wales rugby captain Gareth Thomas has spoken of his relief at making public the fact he is gay The 35-year-old Thomas now wants to become a role model for gay people in general Thomas is the most capped player n Wales rugby history with 100 appearances for his country
CNN  -- They may be famous , but even the world 's biggest names go weak at the knees for their favorite football team . Football Fanzone talks to Alastair Campbell -- former spin doctor of ex-British prime minister Tony Blair -- about his ` manic ' love for English Premier League new boys Burnley . Where does your love of Burnley come from ? I was born in Keighley in Yorkshire and Burnley were the big team in that region at the time and they were the ones I fell for . My first game was in 1961 when Burnley were reigning league champions . I started going regularly when I was about five or six . How did you keep up to speed with all things Burnley when you were in office at No. 10 ? I still managed to get to a lot of games during that period . Saturday at three pm was the one time when the Downing Street switchboard knew there was no point bothering me . Tony -LSB- Blair -RSB- and Gordon -LSB- Brown -RSB- both follow football pretty closely so I think they understood it . I think Tony maybe sometimes thought it was a little over the top . Were there any occasions when Burnley came ahead of any high-level meetings ? When we played Scunthorpe -- the game we won to get promoted to the First Division under Stan Ternant in 2000 -- up until then I 'd been in Northern Ireland . Bertie Ahern -LSB- Taoiseach of Ireland at the time -RSB- was a big Manchester United fan and he had tickets for a game the next day . I said to him : "  Bertie , I 've got to be at this game , these talks can not drag on and on . " As it happened I left early and by the time I 'd landed in Manchester things had wrapped up , so he got to his game as well , but I did sneak off early it has to be said . What does it mean to you to have Burnley back in the Premier League ? It 's fantastic . When we were relegated from the top division in 1974 I did n't think we 'd come back . We had to win a game against Leyton Orient in 1987 to stay in the Football League . I honestly think if we 'd lost that we 'd have gone into oblivion so to be back is just incredible . It means a lot to everyone who has followed Burnley through such bad times . Just how special was that win over Manchester United in Burnley 's first home game of the season ? Playing Manchester United as our first game back was the best possible start to the season . Its true they had a bit of an off day , but we played well , and we 've played teams who are better on paper but we 've beaten them on merit . Our wage bill is the smallest in the league by a mile , we 've got a small stadium , we 've got the smallest squad and we 're the smallest town that has ever produced a Premier League football club , so with all that it 's quite an uphill battle to stay up but I think we will , and by playing good football . Who is your favorite player of all time ? It has to be Leighton James , he coincided with the period when I was really fanatical . He was one of these players that when he got the ball you just leaned forward a bit and you thought something is going to happen here and quite often it did . The other player I 'd pick is Martin Dobson , who is now Head of Youth development at the club . He was such an elegant player . What is your most memorable moment as a Burnley fan ? There are loads . Beating Leeds 4-1 away when Don Revie was in charge of them , is right up there . It was proving impossible to beat Leeds and we absolutely hammered them . The Orient game , obviously , was the most emotional for every Burnley fan . Both play-offs at Wembley have been great , too . I 've got loads of bad memories too , but I think it 's the bad memories are what make the good memories even more special .	Alastair Campbell fell in love with Burnley in 1961 , at the age of four Ex-PM Tony Blair thought his love for Burnley was sometimes "  over the top " Local rivals Blackburn Rovers are the club Campbell loves to hate
For Thailand 's Queen Sirikit , the 2007 attack on a minibus in southern Thailand 's Yala province -- in which suspected Muslim militants shot eight Buddhists through the head in broad daylight -- was simply further proof of what she 'd been saying for more than three years . "  We have to help people there to survive . If they need to be trained , train them . If they need to be armed , arm them , " she was quoted as saying by one of her military staff , according to media reports . Meanwhile , Thailand was convulsed by demonstrations condemning the attack . Her response was to boost her support for the Or Ror Bor or Village Protection Force , the militia the Royal Aide-de-Camp department , under Queen Sirikit 's direction , established in 2004 . Unlike other militia in the strife-torn region , whose make up reflects the local demographic , the Or Ror Bor is exclusively Buddhist , is often stationed near temple compounds and is tasked with protecting Buddhist communities . While Buddhism is associated in the Western mind with pacifism , Buddhist nations such as Thailand , Myanmar and Sri Lanka have been engaged in vicious conflicts . In Thailand , state security is now locked in an increasingly bloody civil war with the Muslim minority near its border with Malaysia , in Myanmar civil strife looms between Buddhists and Rohingya Muslims in Rakhine State and Sri Lanka has just concluded a protracted civil war with its Tamil minority . Cycle of birth and death Buddhism , with its emphasis on karma and samsara -- the idea that the cycle of birth and death is driven by the actions of an individual -- is traditionally deeply averse to killing , believing it creates negative karma that will be revisited on a person in their own lifetime or in subsequent reincarnations . So how do the largely Buddhist state security in these countries square their beliefs with the need to fight ? Michael Jerryson , Assistant Professor of Religious Studies at Florida 's Eckerd College and co-editor of the book Buddhist Warfare , says that warfare is part of the human condition irrespective of religion . "  The first thing to remember is that people have a penchant for violence , it just so happens that every religion has people in it , " Jerryson told CNN . History of conflicts He said that while Buddhism has a 1,600-year well-documented history of monastic-led rebellions and conflicts , the association of Buddhism in the Western mind is with pacifism . "  Buddhism certainly has a lot within its precepts about pacifism . In fact , almost every global religion does , " he said . However , Buddhism differs in that the act of killing is less the focus than the "  intention " behind the killing , he said . "  When there are Buddhist monks traveling with soldiers in Sri Lanka and chanting with them and blessing them , their perspective is that they are not trying to support the violence but ... it 's better to have soldiers with a cool , calm , clear head , with good intentions , than those that are hot headed , " Jerryson said . Self-immolations He said Tibet 's Dalai Lama spoke of the same focus on "  intention " when asked about the recent spate of self-immolations in Tibet . "  He pointed out that these people are not on drugs , they do n't seem insane but they 're doing it for a cause - the intention seems to be clear , " he said . "  This is often used to rationalize violence within Buddhist circles but as we 're seeing now with Myanmar and Thailand , cool heads are not prevailing now . " He said Buddhist states often mesh nationalism with Buddhism , justifying war on the grounds that a fracture in the nation state is a tear in the sacred fabric of a land which represents the well-spring of their belief . "  Sri Lanka often speaks about ` the little teardrop island ' as the last true vestige of true Buddhism . So when the LTTE , the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam , tried to separate a portion of that ` teardrop island ' it was analogous to attacking the mother , " Jerryson said . Political rhetoric As with most countries that use violence to solve disputes , Jerryson says the political rhetoric will begin to assume that the means justifies the ends . "  The rhetoric of violence as a defense , and this is not unique to Buddhism , is the idea of violence for the sake of peace , " he said . "  That although this is an infraction , although we are gaining negative karma , it 's for the greater good -- prima facie anyway . " Buddhist nation states have historically sought to use Buddhist doctrine to justify war . During the Japanese invasion of China in the 1930s , for instance , soldiers were told not only that they were defending Buddhism but that emptiness in Buddhism is the only true reality , therefore , in the end , nobody was being killed , Jerryson said . Ultimately , added Jerryson , Buddhist countries battling insurgencies will find that their root problems are economic rather than sectarian . "  How many strong Buddhists states are we looking at in the world ? How many of them are economically strong ? Because with economic strength and vitality comes less likelihood of civil insurrections and wars . "  Of course , we see a lot violence with Islamic countries now , but we also see a lot of poverty with them too . " Identity crisis For Thailand-based security analyst Don Pathan the problems in Thailand 's south have less to do with religion than with identity . EXPLAINER : Thailand 's deadly southern insurgency "  The fact that the Or Ror Bor is exclusively Buddhist , does n't say anything about Buddhism in ethical terms ; it 's just something that sets them apart from other security units , " Pathan told CNN . "  The issue is not about religion . " He said that while there were many factors influencing the insurgency -- economic , historical and the fact , he says , that the violence has migrated from rural areas to the cities -- he had also noticed a generational dimension to the problems . "  My experience with the older generation is that I still sense a strong fabric of society that still gets along together -- people are still friends whether they are Muslim or Buddhist . "  But I do n't get that sense very strongly with the younger generation . " He said that while older Buddhists generally speak functional Malay to communicate with their neighbors , younger people have little interest in learning the language , regarding it as something only their grandparents do . The state emphasis on speaking Thai at schools has created problems , he said , reinforcing differences between the two communities . "  And it 's not just Thai , but Central Thai -- that 's how ethnocentric the Thai nation state can be . But they do n't seem to understand that 's a problem ; that we need to accommodate the local identity , " Pathan said . He said the confusion between culture and religion was one of the driving forces behind the violence . "  It 's like  groups  that say they practice correct Islam , but what is correct Islam ? Islam is a religion not a culture , " he said . "  The problem  in southern Thailand  is that they do n't separate these things ; for them it 's two sides of the same coin . "	Buddhism is strongly associated in the Western mind with pacifism Despite this , increasingly Buddhist countries are mired in insurgent violence In Sri Lanka to Myanmar and southern Thailand , Buddhists have been urged to take up arms Analysts say , as with many religions , Buddhism is seen as a part of a national identity
CNN  -- The KCR train sped north through Hong Kong 's New Territories , on its way to the city 's border town crossing with mainland China . The spectacular towers and gates of Pingyao , which lie within the perimeter walls , are almost never out of sight . The Kowloon Tong to Lo Wu rail journey took just 35 minutes , and after clearing Hong Kong and Chinese mainland immigration , I stepped out into the bustling metropolis of Shenzhen and looked for a taxi to the airport . The wait was short ; the city 's full of red battered and tired-looking vehicles and I was soon negotiating with a driver . Forty minutes and 120 yuan  $ 15  later , I departed the cab and entered Shenzhen airport for my journey to Taiyuan , capital of Shanxi province . The flight had been uneventful -- check-in was a breeze and the Boeing 737 had taken off for the three-hour trip north on time . But just before we started our final descent , flight attendants stood in the aisle and took passengers through a bizarre mini aerobic program , all accompanied to Chinese opera . Arms flailed , necks stretched and torsos bent as every passenger attempted to reduce their chances of being hit by deep-vein thrombosis . By the time I checked into my hotel in Taiyuan , darkness had fallen . The three-star abode was passable , though the room 's TV carried not one single English channel . How would I survive without CNN , I fretted . I headed out for a walk , on the way passing two female hotel attendants who gave me a city map and some basic information in broken English . Established during the Eastern Zhou Dynasty in 497 B.C. , Taiyuan today is a fairly nondescript , industrial city known for its steel and coal production . But wandering into the town 's heart , it soon struck me that I was in the "  real " China , as opposed to expatriate-weary Hong Kong . A double-take here , an odd smile and nod there , confirmed that the slickness of Causeway Bay and the uppity pretensions of Lan Kwai Fong were now far behind . Upon checking out early the next morning I was greeted by the same two hotel workers from the previous night . Did n't they ever sleep ? Thankfully not -- they proved true gems by writing a note in Chinese , which requested my train ticket to Pingyao . The written note worked a treat with the ticket master , and after paying just 8 RMB  $ 1  for the fare , I was following the hordes towards a stadium-like waiting room . Hundreds of passengers , sitting in plastic bucket seats , awaited the boarding announcement . Craggy-faced men passed the time by smoking ; families by sharing a pre-prepared meal with their children ; others by reading decaying newspapers that looked as if they 'd gone to press months before . The boarding call announced , the throngs rushed for the non-air conditioned train carriages . I joined the crush and quickly found seat 084 . My seat -- essentially a plank of wood with some back support -- placed me next to a window that , no matter how hard I tried , would not budge open . Thankfully , fresh air began circulating once the train got under way . Outside Taiyuan 's city limits , the views quickly changed from harsh industrial wastelands to agrarian vistas of sowed fields and hard-grown crops of corn . Two hours and 100 kilometers  62 miles  later , the train neared one of China 's most delightful attractions -- the magnificent World Heritage-listed city of Pingyao . The origins of the town date back more than 1,600 years , but it 's the center 's Ming  1368-1644  and Qing  1644-1912  layout , still largely intact , that greets the traveler . Ancient 12-meter  40 foot  high walls ring the city over a perimeter of six kilometers  3.7 miles  . Thought to have been constructed in 1370 , they are possibly the best-preserved example of this kind in China . The city 's also known for its prominence as a past financial center . In the early 19th century , Pingyao boasted many money institutions , among them the Rishengchang -- considered China 's first bank . A 20-minute taxi ride from the train station delivered me first to the perimeter walls , and then to the car-free town center . I was quickly struck by the laid-back vibe and friendly atmosphere , and was soon checking into one of the town 's many 17th and 18th century courtyard-styled guesthouses . Guo Huili , a 19-year-old local who worked at the accommodation , checked me in and showed me my quaint digs -- a Ming-furnished room decorated with scented candles and plenty of choices of fragrant tea . Listen to Guo Huili and view Pingyao 's stunning streetscapes " As impressed as I was with my initial introduction to Pingyao during daylight hours , it 's at night that the city truly shines . If you 've ever seen Zhang Yimou 's wonderful "  Raise the Red Lantern "  filmed near Pingyao in 1991  , you 'll understand . Red and other colored lanterns , small and large , blaze at every step along the cobbled streets , which are lined by shops selling all types of knick knacks . The spectacular towers and gates , which lie within the perimeter walls , are almost never out of sight -- all bathed in an atmospheric golden light . The absence of cars and hawkers , little tackiness and an incredibly relaxed atmosphere  at least for Chinese standards  means Pingyao has n't turned into a tourist circus -- yet . I strolled around for hours , taking in the sites and losing myself in the historic ambience and classic architecture before the day 's weariness began taking affect . It was time to retire back to my room to try that fragrant tea . Part 2 : Pingyao to Xian	One of China 's best attractions is the World Heritage-listed city of Pingyao Red and other colored lanterns blaze at every step along the cobbled streets There are no cars and hawkers , little tackiness and a relaxed atmosphere
CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's goal of putting 1 million electric cars on U.S. roads by 2015 could run into a huge roadblock -- the American consumer . According to a report released Wednesday by researchers at Indiana University , automakers are unlikely to manufacture enough cars to reach the president 's goal because of a potential lack of buyer demand . Nissan and General Motors , makers of the Leaf and Volt , respectively , already have the capacity to produce enough cars to meet the goal . Serious questions remain , however , about the level of desire among potential buyers worried about cost , ease of use and likely resale value . "  After the early adopters , what is going to motivate the mainstream people to buy the vehicles ? " asked Gurminder Bedi , a retired Ford Motor Co. executive and one of the authors of the report . "  Buying an electric vehicle just by itself , because it 's better for gas mileage , will be a good factor . But that 's not going to be sufficient . " Bedi nevertheless praised Obama 's goal , noting that it "  has really jump started " the market for electric cars . "  I 'd say there will be more electric vehicles by 2015 than there would have been if that initiative had n't been started , " he said . In 2008 , there were nearly 57,000 electric cars on U.S. roads , according to an estimate by the U.S. Energy Information Administration . The administration has created a number of incentives for consumers to purchase electric cars , including a $ 7,500 tax credit to first-time buyers .	Study : Obama may not reach goal of putting 1 million electric cars on U.S. roads by 2015 The study cites a potential lack of consumer demand The White House has created incentives to encourage the purchase of electric cars
CNN  -- An Austrian man who allegedly held his daughter as a sex slave for 24 years has been charged with murdering one of their children , prosecutors say . Josef Fritzl is accused of fathering seven children by his daughter during her 24-year captivity . Austrian State Prosecutor Gerhard Sedlacek told CNN Thursday that Josef Fritzl , 73 , was charged with murder because one of the seven children died in infancy . The other six children survived . Fritzl , a retired electrician from Amstetten , 75 kilometers  46 miles  west of Vienna , was also charged with rape , incest , false imprisonment and slavery . The murder charge stems from the death of Fritzl 's infant son , Michael Fritzl , who died from lack of medical care , the prosecutor said . Watch as Fritzl is charged with murder " "  Although he realized how life-threatening M.F. 's situation was after being born , Josef F. did not call out for help , " Sedlacek said , explaining the charge . The trial is expected to begin early in 2009 and if convicted of murder Fritzl could face 10 to 20 years in prison . Austria , like other European countries , has no death penalty . Prosecutors say psychiatric tests show that Fritzl is mentally fit to stand trial but Sedlacek has asked that Fritzl be confined to a "  mental asylum . " Fritzl kept the daughter and all but three of the children in a cellar beneath his home in Amstetten , Austria , west of Vienna , officials say . Three of the children lived upstairs in the home Fritzl shared with his wife and several of their own children . Fritzl has been in custody since the case came to light in April , sparking worldwide attention . He had explained Elizabeth 's disappearance in 1984 by saying the 18-year-old girl had run away from home , a story backed up by letters he forced Elisabeth to write , including one that begged her parents not to look for her . When Elizabeth gained her freedom , she told police her father began sexually abusing her at age 11 . On August 8 , 1984 -- weeks before she was reported missing -- her father enticed her into the basement , where he drugged her , put her in handcuffs and locked her in a room , she told police . For the next 24 years , she was constantly raped by her father , resulting in seven children , she said , according to the police statement . Fritzl 's daughter and her children have since been receiving counseling although doctors warn that they will take years to recover . Members of the Fritzl family will also be offered the chance to adopt new identities in an effort to help them lead normal lives , officials said . Psychiatrist Max Friedrich , who treated the abducted Austrian teenager Natascha Kampusch , estimated it would take "  between five and eight years " for the children to recover from their experiences .	Austrian man who allegedly held daughter for 24 years charged with murder Prosecutors charge Josef Fritzl with murder because one of the 7 children died Experts say infant might have survived if Fritzl had arranged for medical care
CNN  -- On a warm evening in Istanbul , a bar called Kooperatif announced its last call . Friends old and new gathered in the art and performance hall , located in the heart of the city 's Beyoglu district , for a smoke-filled goodbye accompanied by live music and doses of nostalgia . Kooperatif closed its doors in Rumeli Han , a venerable 19th-century Ottoman shopping arcade that until recently housed an eclectic mix of tenants , including an Indian cultural center , a rock-climbing wall and the district headquarters of the Turkish Communist Party . Safak Velioglu , founder and owner of Kooperatif , called Rumeli Han a "  small republic . " "  The story of the closing of Kooperatif is about gentrification " Velioglu says . "  In the last 20 or 30 years , -LSB- establishments -RSB- like Kooperatif became very interesting places for different interests , art galleries and workshop areas . "  After gentrification , nobody could afford to find a place . " Velioglu had been paying $ 2,000 a month to run his pub in the basement of Rumeli Han . After the rent for the place was quadrupled , he 'd little choice but to close the bar . Istanbul , Turkey 's largest city and business hub , has witnessed a surge in population and a boom in urban construction projects over the past decade . Global tourism destination It 's also emerged as a leading global tourism destination . In 2012 , according to the Turkish Ministry of Tourism and Culture , 31.7 million foreigners visited Turkey , compared to 1.3 million in 1980 . Istanbul 's Beyoglu district is the city 's center of nightlife , enchanting visitors and locals with its unique combination of seedy bars , upscale nightclubs , historic churches and 19th-century mansions . That 's all changing . A century ago , Beyoglu was the home of Istanbul 's non-Muslim bourgeoisie -- religious and ethnic minorities including Armenians , Greeks and Jews . The collapse of the Ottoman Empire during World War I led to "  population exchanges " that prompted the departure of many Greeks . Decades later , Turkish authorities imposed crippling minority taxes which accelerated the emigration of the city 's indigenous Greek community in the 1950s and '60s . As of 2006 , fewer than 3,000 ethnic Greeks are left in the city once known as Constantinople . During subsequent decades , Turkish and Kurdish migrants from the rest of the country moved into abandoned blocks in Beyoglu . The district 's winding alleyways and crumbling mansions also became a favorite destination for artists and musicians . Kooperatif carved out a niche in this bohemian melting pot . It thrived as a place where patrons could to speak , drink , perform and display their art . To get to Kooperatif , visitors had to dip down a narrow staircase on a Beyoglu side street and stumble into an old brick basement painted white with remnants of past art installations plastered along the walls . Barefoot backpackers Its cavernous space offered a stark change of pace from Istiklal Caddesi , the pedestrian thoroughfare that surges with locals and visitors most days and nights of the week . Patrons , who included everyone from barefoot foreign backpackers to independent musicians passing through the city , described it as a refuge . In the last decade , Beyoglu also began attracting international retailers and hoteliers , prompting some to compare its transformation to the gentrification of Manhattan 's Time Square in the 1990s . While many mourn the appearance of Western franchises along Istiklal , others welcome the change , not least President Recep Tayyip Erdogan , whose ruling Justice and Development Party has pushed to overhaul Istanbul and drive Turkey 's economic growth . Under Erdogan , the city has been awash with massive construction and urban development projects ranging from gentrifying dilapidated neighborhoods near Beyoglu to building a new bridge and metro tunnel across the Bosphorus . Under this tide of change , 19th - and 20th-century shopping arcades , once cluttered with mom and pop shops and tea houses , have today been replaced by modern shopping malls and luxury hotels . Kooperatif owner Velioglu plans to reopen his bar in a new location , but he 's unlikely to find a location as historic and quixotic as the old Rumeli Han , and concedes this might be a problem . "  The chemistry of Kooperatif needs this chaos and it has to be in the center , " Velioglu said . Ryan Powell is a freelance writer based in Istanbul .	Istanbul 's crumbling Beyoglu district has been home to the city 's artists but rising rents are pushing some out Kooperatif , an art and performance hall in the heart of Beyoglu , recently closed shop Istanbul has been awash with development projects over the past decade Changes are being driven driven by Turkish economic growth
CNN  -- The two people who died Thursday night when their helicopter crashed into a mountain in the Dominican Republic were friends who had left their homes and family in Florida this week to help deliver aid to the people of Haiti , a son of one of the victims said Friday . The accident occurred about 7 p.m. in Dajabon , just east of the border with Haiti , said Rosani Zapata , a spokeswoman for the Dominican Civil Aviation Institute . The helicopter had filed a flight plan from Santiago to Jimani in the Dominican Republic , then on to Port-au-Prince in Haiti . It was en route back to Santiago when the crash occurred , she said . Aboard were pilot John Ward of Fort Myers , Florida , and James Jalovec , a 53-year-old Naples , Florida , businessman who owned Sweetwater Environmental Inc. , a sewage company based in Sebring . Mark Jalovec , 21 , told CNN in a telephone interview that his father began discussing the prospect of helping out a couple of days after the January 12 earthquake that devastated Haiti . "  It kind of caught everybody off guard , " he said , noting that his father had never done anything similar . Still , he said , his father saw a fit . "  I got a helicopter ; these people are in desperate need -- he kind of decided it with Mr. Ward that they were going to do it , and that 's what they did . " He said his father last called him Monday , after he and Ward had flown doctors from an orphanage outside Port-au-Prince to the Dominican Republic . Spencer Steadman , vice president and general manager of Sweetwater Environmental , described Ward as an experienced pilot who had long flown Jalovec to his business interests , which spanned the state . "  They had an engine failure on one here about three months ago , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  He done a reverse autorotation and set that thing down . No injuries . Four people , they walked away . He was a very good pilot . " The helicopter that crashed Thursday , a Robinson R44 , was two weeks old , he said . Steadman said he was not surprised when Jalovec called him Saturday night and said he was planning to depart Sunday morning for a week in the region . "  He seen a need , and it was a challenge , and that 's Jim , " Steadman said . "  He was hard-core business . When he done business , he done business . That 's what he liked doing . He was very aggressive . ... If it was worth doing , he 'd do it . " The cause of the crash is under investigation .	Victims described as friends who had left their homes , family in Florida to help Haitians Helicopter hit mountain about 7 p.m. Thursday east of Haiti border , aviation official says Pilot , Florida businessman were aboard ; cause of crash is under investigation
CNN  Ransom is as old as kidnappings , bad guys and money . But it never gets old enough not to demand again , as the Japanese government now knows all too well . In a video posted Tuesday to social media , a black-clad ISIS militant stood over two men he said were Japanese citizens . Both would die , he said , unless the Japanese government paid the Islamist extremist group $ 200 million within 72 hours . That ISIS wants ransom is n't unexpected . But a few things -- like the public nature and staggering amount of the request -- make it stand out . Yes . It 's hard to quantify all the examples , because hostage takers in ambitious militant groups like ISIS rarely make their demands public . But just as kidnappings are the norm for such groups , so is asking for ransom . One documented example is the case of James Foley , an American journalist abducted in northern Syria in November 2012 . ISIS would later demand 100 million euros  about $ 132 million  for his release , said Richard Byrne , a spokesman for the news website GlobalPost that Foley freelanced for before . Neither GlobalPost , nor Foley 's family , nor the U.S. government paid that amount . Even if they had , there 's no telling if ISIS would have kept its word and freed Foley . Instead , the group not only beheaded Foley , but recorded his killing and put it online for the world to see . One thing that makes the latest ransom request unique is that ISIS made it publicly and set a three-day deadline for it to be met . This suggests as much posturing as fundraising , especially when coupled with its decrying Japan for supporting governments involved in the anti-ISIS fight  even if Tokyo is n't part of the international military coalition going against it  . ISIS ' rationale seems similar to other terror groups : Kidnappings help raise money and , if ransoms are n't paid , make a point , such as the groups are not to be messed with and even civilians are in danger . Rationalizing the public relations strategy of a group like ISIS can be a challenge . But there 's no doubt the group uses modern technology to get the word out on its captives , including when they are beheaded . Such pictures further the image of ISIS as a ruthless , defiant organization dedicated to wiping out anyone -- soldiers or civilians -- who does n't follow its extreme conservative version of Sharia law . The money-making aspect is more under the radar , but still significant . The U.S. Treasury Department estimated in 2012 that al Qaeda and its affiliates  which do n't include ISIS , though the terror groups have similarities  compiled $ 120 million from ransoms over the previous eight years . And a New York Times investigative piece from July 2014 determined that al Qaeda and its affiliates took in $ 125 million since 2008 , including $ 66 million in 2013 alone . There has n't been a similarly detailed review for ISIS , but that does n't mean ransoms -- in addition to things like oil revenues , criminal enterprises as well as taxes , tolls and other fees imposed on those in its territories -- are n't a significant part of the group 's budget . Countries do n't advertise how much they pay in ransom ; doing so could invite kidnappers to seize their citizens for ransom . But that does n't mean some countries do n't do it . The summer 2014 New York Times article , citing French media reports , identified France as the country that pays out the most to al Qaeda affiliates . France 's reported $ 58 million figure , since 2008 , is far higher than the next-highest total , $ 20 million , as paid out from Oman and Qatar . The Times reports that Switzerland paid out $ 12 million , Spain $ 11 million and Austria $ 3 million in the same time frame . It 's not just al Qaeda that France has dealt with : Four French journalists taken captive by ISIS were released last April . A group 's ransom request could depend on a lot of factors . A high-profile hostage , for instance , could demand a higher price . And a solitary kidnapper may ask less than one belonging to a large , powerful , defiant group -- especially one , like ISIS , that 's proved its willingness to kill civilians . The amount of ransom requested and paid apparently has gone up . A decade ago , the Times reported that a standard asking price might be $ 200,000 . Nowadays , it 's more likely to be in the millions . Phil Balboni , GlobalPost 's CEO , told CNN that European governments have paid between $ 2 million and $ 4 million for hostages . But it is not $ 200 million , as was requested for the two Japanese hostages . Nor is it the $ 132 million requested for Foley . Both figures from ISIS are exceedingly high and seem to suggest the group is as interested in making a point  and killing its captives  as it is in making money , given the unlikelihood it will be paid . On Tuesday , Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe did not rule out paying a ransom or negotiating with his two citizens ' captors . Does that mean Tokyo is willing to pay , or at least , talk ? Not necessarily . Japan has n't said it has paid ransoms before , and there 's no reason to think the country would in this case . Japan signed a 2013 G8 communique that stated , "  We unequivocally reject the payment of ransoms to terrorists , and we call on countries and companies around the world to follow our lead to stamp this out . " This policy mirrors those of the United Kingdom and the United States , with Foley 's mother , Diane , telling CNN that a U.S. official once threatened her with prosecution if she tried to raise ransom on her own . Why would n't countries like these two and Japan tap into their relatively vast resources to save the lives of their citizens ? For one thing , groups like ISIS and al Qaeda may not be the most trustworthy , so paying up wo n't necessarily guarantee a release . And it might end up putting others at risk , both by encouraging more kidnappings and funding those behind mass killings . As Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence David S. Cohen argued in 2012 , "  Ransom payments lead to future kidnappings , and future kidnappings lead to additional ransom payments . And it all builds the capacity of terrorist organizations to conduct attacks . " Some say that countries with no-ransom policies can end up giving militant groups incentives to kidnap more people if they negotiate with them . This debate raged after the Taliban 's release of U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl last year in exchange for five Taliban figures then in U.S. military custody at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . President Barack Obama said afterward , "  I make absolutely no apologies for making sure we get a young man back to his parents . " In Japan 's case , such a prisoner swap is n't an option . It 's not as if the country has a lot of suspected ISIS members in its custody . So Tokyo 's bargaining chips might consist more of doing something like not giving $ 200 million to those invested in the anti-ISIS fight -- a pledge that Abe said Tuesday he 's not willing to rescind . ISIS ' history shows there may not be a lot , but it 's possible that there will be talks with the ISIS hostage takers . Japan can point to the fact that unlike the United States and Britain , it 's not involved directly with the military effort in Iraq or Syria . ISIS might surprise everyone by freeing the Japanese pair as a goodwill gesture . But absent a last-ditch diplomatic effort , Japan may have to rely on military forces from allies in the West , the Middle East or elsewhere to rescue its citizens . Whatever the approach , time is clearly running out .	On a video , ISIS demands $ 200 million to release two Japanese citizens The request is much higher than is typically requested or paid out for hostages Some nations have policies against paying ransom , saying it encourages kidnappers
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria has claimed responsibility for recent suicide bombings in the capital that killed nearly two dozen people , according to SITE Intelligence , which monitors terrorist groups . ISIS identified the suicide bombers who struck Baghdad on Sunday and Monday as Libyan and Lebanese , SITE reported , citing a website linked to the terror group . One of the bombings occurred Sunday in the Washash district of Baghdad , when a suicide bomber struck a coffee shop , killing at least a dozen people , security officials told CNN . The second occurred Monday in the Kadhimiya neighborhood , security officials told CNN . A suicide car bomb exploded in heavy traffic at a security checkpoint there , killing at least 10 people and wounding 14 , security officials told CNN . The bomb exploded at about 1 p.m. near the checkpoint , which created a sort of bottleneck of traffic . The explosion occurred about 1 kilometer  .6 miles  from the Kadhimiya shrine , which is revered by Shiites . Parliament session put off Just hours after the caretaker speaker of Iraq 's Parliament called on lawmakers to return Sunday to try to form a new government , state-run Iraqiya TV reported it had been postponed for another month . "  I invite the parliamentary blocs in this period to approve the necessary nominations in order to start the parliamentary session and the formation of the government , " Speaker Mehdi al-Hafez said in a written statement provided to CNN . "  The delay in that will put Iraq 's security and its move towards democracy at risk . Also it will increase the suffering of the Iraqi people , and it will encroach on the rights of voters . " Citing sources in Parliament , Iraqiya reported that the session was postponed until August 12 because the political parties have been unable to reach a consensus on who to name to top leadership posts . Those include the speaker , the president and the prime minister . A week ago , Iraq 's Parliament postponed its first session , citing a lack of a quorum after 90 of the 328 lawmakers walked out . Al-Baghdadi investigation to be released Iraq plans Wednesday to release its findings of its investigation into whether a man featured in a video delivering a sermon in Mosul is notorious ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , military spokesman Qassim Atta told reporters . Those findings are expected to include details about al-Baghdadi 's movement , Atta said . The video surfaced on social media sites tied to ISIS , the terror group that now calls itself the Islamic State . It shows a man identified as al-Baghdadi conducting Friday prayers at the Great Mosque of al-Nuri . If it is al-Baghdadi , it would be one of the first known appearances of the elusive extremist militant leader to be captured on video . Very few images have been made public of al-Baghdadi . His appearance comes days after ISIS declared him as the leader of its new "  caliphate , " or Islamic state , extending from Aleppo in northeastern Syria to the Diyala province in Iraq . Taking aim at ISIS : Women train with AK-47s Iraq 's orphans ask ` why do these people kill other people ? '	ISIS says bombers from Libya and Lebanon Two attacks kill more than 20 Iraqi Parliament reportedly wo n't meet until August Iraq close to finishing investigation into video purportedly of ISIS leader
Televangelist Pat Robertson wishes Facebook had a ` vomit ' button . So that he could click on it every time he came across a photograph of a gay couple kissing . Robertson who has repeatedly made clear his disapproval of homosexuality , made the latest comments Monday in response to a question he fielded from a viewer on his Christian Broadcasting Network show "  The 700 Club . " The viewer wanted to know how to address images of same-sex couples on social media sites , such as Facebook . You 've got a couple of same-sex guys kissing , do you like that ? Well that makes me want to throw up , " he said . "  To me I would punch ` Vomit ; ' not ` Like , ' " he added . "  But they do n't give you that option on Facebook . " It 's not the first time Robertson , 83 , has used vomit to express his sentiments on homosexuality . Robertson has also said the land would "  vomit out " those who disobeyed the commandments of the Old Testament . Here are nine more controversial and colorful comments the evangelists has made that have gone viral : On adultery "  Males have a tendency to wander a little bit . And what you want to do is make a home so wonderful he does n't want to wander . " On a man with an Alzheimer 's - stricken wife "  I know it sounds cruel , but if he 's going to do something , he should divorce her and start all over again , but to make sure she has custodial care and somebody  is  looking after her . " Asked what about the "  Till death do us part " part of the marriage vow , he said Alzheimer 's is "  a kind of death . " On Walt Disney World 's "  Gay Days " "  I would warn Orlando that you 're right in the way of some serious hurricanes , and I do n't think I 'd be waving those flags in God 's face if I were you ... It 'll bring about terrorist bombs ; it 'll bring earthquakes , tornadoes , and possibly a meteor . " On the role of a man and a woman "  I know this is painful for the ladies to hear , but if you get married , you have accepted the headship of a man , your husband . Christ is the head of the household , and the husband is the head of the wife , and that 's the way it is , period . " On feminism "  The feminist agenda is not about equal rights for women . It is about a socialist , anti-family political movement that encourages women to leave their husbands , kill their children , practice witchcraft , destroy capitalism and become lesbians . " On the devastating 2010 Haiti earthquake "  They were under the heel of the French , you know , Napoleon the third and whatever . And they got together and swore a pact to the devil . They said , ` We will serve you if you will get us free from the prince . ' True story . And so the devil said , ` OK , it 's a deal . ' And they kicked the French out . The Haitians revolted and got themselves free . But ever since they have been cursed by one thing after another . " On homosexuality "  Many of those people involved in Adolf Hitler were Satanists . Many were homosexuals . The two things seem to go together . " On assassinating Hugo Chavez "  You know , I do n't know about this doctrine of assassination , but if he thinks we 're trying to assassinate him , I think that we really ought to go ahead and do it . " On the tornadoes that ravaged the Midwest in 2012 "  If enough people were praying ,  God  would 've intervened . You could pray . Jesus stilled the storm . You can still storms . "	Robertson would like a ` vomit ' button on Facebook for pictures of kissing gay couples Robertson said a man who has a wife with Alzheimer 's should leave her and remarry Homosexuality goes together with Satanism and activism for Adolf Hitler , the preacher said Feminism encourages women to kill their children and practice witchcraft , Robertson has said
A jaywalking rarely makes national news , but the arrest of Arizona professor Ersula Ore has done just that . What began as a walk home from classes at Arizona State University ended with police charging the professor with assault . The English professor was walking in the middle of a Tempe , Arizona , street one evening last month when a campus police officer stopped her . The incident escalated , and she was handcuffed and landed on the pavement . Appearing Monday on CNN 's "  New Day , " Ore was asked about her own words and actions in the incident and replied , "  I think I did what I was supposed to do . I was respectful . I asked for clarification . I asked to be treated with respect , and that was it . " In a dashboard camera recording released Friday , Ore steadfastly questions officer Stewart Ferrin and asks him to be respectful . The two talk over each other as the situation escalates , with Ferrin threatening to arrest Ore unless she produces her ID . "  If you do n't understand the law , I 'm explaining the law to you , " the officer says . "  The reason I 'm talking to you right now is because you are walking in the middle of the street . " Ore explains that she walked in the street to avoid construction . "  I never once saw a single solitary individual get pulled over by a cop for walking across a street on a campus , in a campus location , " she says . The explanation does not satisfy , and Ferrin begins to cuff the professor . "  Do n't touch me , " Ore says , her voice beginning to rise . "  Get your hands off me . " The officer warns her to put her hands behind her back , or "  I 'm going to slam you " on the police car . "  You really want to do that ? " Ore asks . "  Do you see what I 'm wearing ? " Ferrin responds , "  I do n't care what you 're wearing . " She kicks the officer . Shortly , Ore is on the ground . Her lawyer , Alane M. Roby , says the action caused her dress to ride up , "  exposing her anatomy to all onlookers . " Ore faces charges of assaulting a police officer , resisting arrest , failing to provide ID and obstructing a public thoroughfare . A preliminary hearing is scheduled for Thursday . The university said it found "  no evidence of inappropriate actions by the ASUPD officers involved . " Given the "  underlying criminal charges , " the university declined to provide any more details . Monday on "  New Day , " Ore said the incident started when the officer stopped his car next to her and asked whether she knew the difference between a road and a sidewalk . She said she asked him , "  Do you always accost women in the middle of the road and speak to them with such disrespect and so rudely as you did to me ? " She said that at no point did he ask her name or tell her why she was being questioned . "  He throws the car door open actually , is what happens , and he 's towering over me , " she said . "  He 's intimidating . I do n't know why he 's so aggressive . " Roby said they 'll fight the charges and accused the officer of escalating the situation in violation of his training . "  Professor Ore 's one crime that evening was to demand respect that she deserves as a productive , educated and tax paying member of society , " Roby said in a statement to CNN , adding that they maintain any actions Ore took were in self-defense . That includes the caught-on-camera kick she delivered to the officer 's shin . "  She can clearly be heard on the dash can video instructing the officer not to grab toward her genital area prior to him reaching for her in attempt to pull her skirt down over her exposed private area , " Roby wrote . When asked on "  New Day " about kicking the officer , Ore said she 'd been advised by her lawyer not to comment . The incident has made headlines as far away as Iran and England . Closer to home , her department at the university has asked for a thorough investigation , including "  an audit on the conduct of its police force vis-a-vis racial profiling . " The university said it has completed one investigation . If evidence of officer wrongdoing surfaces , it said , an additional inquiry will be conducted and appropriate measures taken .	Professor Ersula Ore says officer disrespected her Her walk home from class ends with police assault charges Professor says , "  I think I did what I was supposed to do " Arizona State University : No evidence of officer wrongdoing
CNN  -- As it measures its response to the recent events on Egypt , the U.S. needs to be extremely careful about focusing on the definition of "  coup " and the legitimacy -- or non-legitimacy -- of Mohamed Morsy 's election , the draft constitution , and the now-ousted Egyptian president 's efforts to give himself additional powers . It needs to be equally careful about focusing on the protests that helped drive him from power , and the legitimacy of political Islam . If the U.S. focuses on whether or not a coup took place , it will be ignoring the fact that Egypt is a key center of the Middle East and that U.S. policy will be judged by its success in meeting the needs of Egypt 's people . Egypt is a nation whose problems go far deeper than the crisis that began January 2011 . As the Arab Human Development report made clear in 2009 , former President Hosni Mubarak 's rule had become steadily more ineffective , corrupt , and incapable of meeting the needs of Egypt 's people long before 2011 . He had been in power since October 1981 , but the social and economic progress he made in his first decade in power had faded into a static , incompetent regime by 2005 , and one that became steadily more corrupt and unable to meet the needs of Egypt 's young and growing population . The last two years have made the situation far worse in ways that affect every aspect of day-to-day life . Mubarak 's fall tore down a fragile regime that mixed a state-driven economy with crony capitalism . It was a country with a bureaucracy that could barely function without a strong leader , one with no opposition parties that had real political experience or capability to govern , and whose "  reformers " were  and still are  protesters with no capability to make real reforms . Opinion : In Egypt , get ready for extremist backlash The end result is that Egypt is not an abstract exercise in political theory . It is a nation of more than 85 million people , at least 25 % of whom live in dire poverty , and where unemployment and underemployment can no longer be accurately estimated but have reached the crisis level . It is a nation with over 50 % of its population under 25 years of age , and 31 % under 14 , but with an education system in breakdown and much of the infrastructure frozen or losing capacity . Egypt 's foreign reserves have dropped by more than 50 % and it faces a crisis in getting loans from the International Monetary Fund . It is a nation where foreign investment has critically declined , tourist revenue has dropped sharply , where many small businesses have already collapsed , and many middle class Egyptians have lost their jobs and savings . Fuel and electric power are lacking , food subsidies are uncertain and sometimes failing , the currency is increasingly unstable , and crime has skyrocketed . U.S. policy must focus on these realities , and not just politics . The U.S. , in partnership with its allies , the World Bank and other international aid agencies institutions needs to support immediate Egyptian efforts to salvage the economy and bring economic reform . It needs to focus on bringing relief and stability . No Egyptian government can succeed -- democratic or not -- that can not meet the needs of the Egyptian people . Real political legitimacy is not determined by how a government is chosen , but by how well it can meet the needs of its people . Opinion : Will Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood survive ? As for politics , the U.S. needs to work with other states to push Egypt 's military to support the reforms that failed between early 2011 and Morsy 's fall . This means a broad-based effort to agree on a constitution , the creation of real political parties , and help for protesters learning how to organize politically and focus on practical governance and reform . It means taking enough time for elections to be open , to include Islamic and more secular parties , and focusing on the same kind of mixed national government and consensus politics that seem to have emerged in Tunisia . One test of a solution to a problem is that it does not make things even worse . Threatening Egypt 's military , rigidly cutting off aid because of a "  coup " under conditions where there is no credible replacement government , and standing aside as Egypt drifts towards internal collapse is not a strategy . Letting today 's celebration of Morsy 's fall turn into civil conflict and political paralysis will be a moral and ethical failure on the part of the Obama administration and the Congress , one that will do the Egyptian people vast harm , cripple a key ally , and leave a legacy of lasting anger in both Egypt and the region . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anthony Cordesman .	Cordesman : U.S. must focus not on details of Morsy ouster but on Egypt 's ongoing crisis He says Mubarak corrupt , ineffective , but in past 2 years , nation in economic collapse He says U.S. most focus on reality , work with World Bank , allies to raid Egypt economy Writer : Threatening aid cutoff while nation in flux could do vast harm , cripple a key regional ally
Pasco , Washington  CNN  Two autopsies . Two different opinions as to whether an unarmed Mexican national was shot from behind by police in Pasco , Washington , earlier this month . Charles Herrmann , an attorney for the family of Antonio Zambrano-Montes , said Thursday that an autopsy conducted by a doctor he hired showed two bullets hit the 35-year-old orchard worker in the back of the arm and in the buttocks . This is at odds with what police said a day earlier . Kennewick Police Sgt. Ken Lattin had told reporters on Wednesday , "  we do know this from the preliminary autopsy report , there were no shots in the back . " Police said the medical examiner was doing further investigation and a final report might take as long as four weeks . Witness statements and toxicology reports are also pending , police said . There also is dispute over how many times total Zambrano-Montes was shot . Police said it was five or six times . The family 's pathologist said he may have been shot as many as eight times , according to Hermann . Both sides appear to agree that three police officers fired 17 times at Zambrano-Montes . Police said he hurled rocks at them on February 10 . Zambrano-Montes ' case has sparked local protests and anger at what some say is another example of police brutality and excessive force against an unarmed man who is a minority . Police have alleged that Zambrano-Montes was throwing rocks at cars and trucks when he was confronted by officers . Officers attempted "  voice commands and low-level force " and used a Taser , police said , but those efforts did n't work . After two officers were hit by rocks -- at least one of them as large as a softball -- police said they shot Zambrano-Montes . Prominent attorney Benjamin Crump , who has represented the families of Trayvon Martin and Michael Brown , announced that he and fellow attorney Jose Baez also represent Antonio Zambrano-Montes ' family . Crump and Baez will hold a Friday news conference to disclose the results of an independent autopsy . The widow and children of Zambrano-Montes have filed a $ 25 million claim against the city of Pasco alleging that officers killed the unarmed man "  execution style . " In an interview with CNN en Espaol this week , Zambrano-Montes ' mother , Agapita Montes , denounced police treatment of her son . "  I 'm asking for justice for what happened . It was not acceptable what they did to my son , " his mother said . "  From what you can see  on the video  , it was very bad what they did to him . " Zambrano-Montes was one of 16 children , his mother said . Erlinda Zambrano , an aunt of Zambrano-Montes , said she found it very difficult to accept the police version of events . "  We are living with profound pain from how he died , and it 's something very bad and terrible , " the aunt said . "  I look at the videos now and I can not sleep because it 's too hard . " The family lawsuit claims Zambrano-Montes was unarmed "  with his hands out where they could be seen . " "  He had his back to the officers , " the claim said . "  At this point , the officers started shooting . " The Tri-City Special Investigations Unit is still reviewing video to see if there was anything in Zambrano-Montes ' hand when he was shot . When processing the scene that night of the fatal shooting , Lattin said at a news briefing , "  I think it 's safe to say there was a rock found next to his body . " A funeral Mass was held for Zambrano-Montes on Wednesday in Pasco . CNN en Espanol 's Jaqueline Hurtado contributed from Pasco , Washington . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Rick Martin , Andreas Preuss and John Newsome also contributed to this report .	Benjamin Crump , Jose Baez join legal team for deceased 's family Attorney for family says Antonio Zambrano-Montes was shot twice from behind Police have said a medical examiner 's final report will be released in the coming weeks
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Kenya 's plan to use its judiciary to try perpetrators of post-election violence reneges on an earlier pledge to use an independent tribunal , Human Rights Watch said Monday . Residents of a Nairobi slum shout during clashes between rival groups in January 2008 . The fighting , which flared after the 2007 elections , killed more than 1,300 people and displaced hundreds of thousands more . It started after the main opposition candidate disputed the results , sparking some of the worst violence in the nation 's history . A commission formed to investigate concluded that the nation 's judiciary was not credible enough to try the suspects , and recommended a tribunal made up of Kenyan and international judges . If that did not work , the commission urged , the International Criminal Court should try the suspects itself . The government pledged last year to implement the suggestions , and then re-emphasized its commitment last month . "  An independent domestic court with international participation remains the best option to start establishing accountability , and the government should immediately adopt legislation to establish the special tribunal , " Human Rights Watch said in a statement . Leaders of the East African nation have been criticized for failure to form a tribunal to try perpetrators of post-election crimes . The announcement Thursday that Kenya was exploring using its judiciary as one of the options comes amid publicized wrangling among members of the coalition government formed in the wake of the violence . In a statement to announce the decision after a Cabinet meeting , President Mwai Kibaki said that the government was ready to pursue national healing . "  Cabinet was concerned that while it will not stand for impunity in the pursuit of justice , the country should equally pursue national healing and reconciliation , " Kibaki said . "  This does not in any way reduce its desire to punish impunity . " However , he acknowledged shortcomings in the judiciary system . "  It will undertake accelerated and far-reaching reforms in the judiciary , police and investigative arms of government to enable them investigate , prosecute and try perpetrators of post-election violence locally , " he said . Former U.N. chief Kofi Annan , who negotiated the deal that led to the coalition government , has repeatedly warned that the International Criminal Court would be asked to intervene if a tribunal was not established . Annan handed a list of post-election violence suspects to the ICC on July 9 , a sign that he was losing patience with the delay in the formation of a tribunal . Analysts say the administration has been against an independent court because some top officials are on the list . The government is not putting its citizens ' needs first , critics say . "  Bringing justice to these victims is the most urgent test of the coalition government 's willingness to resolve Kenya 's crisis , " said Georgette Gagnon , Africa director at Human Rights Watch . "  The Cabinet just resoundingly failed that test . "	Violence hit Kenya after December 2007 vote , more than 1,300 people were killed Commission has said Kenya 's judiciary is not credible enough to try suspects Critics say the Kenyan government is not putting its citizens ' needs first Kenyan president says the nation should pursue healing and reconciliation
Forty-six years ago this month , my father joined Cesar Chavez in Delano , California , to share the Eucharist and end Chavez 's 1968 fast for farm workers ' rights . It took another nine years , but the state of California would go on to answer Chavez 's call for justice and pass its groundbreaking Agricultural Labor Relations Act . That law surged California forward in the global labor movement , but New York never had a Cesar Chavez . And so today -- in the state where my father served as senator and where I now live -- our farm workers suffer from the leftover Jim Crow laws that California addressed nearly half a century ago . As a resident of New York State , I wanted to see the conditions for myself . So I drove a few hours north of my home to Liberty , New York , and visited the largest producer of fois gras east of the Mississippi . If you think what farms do to the geese is bad , you should see how they treat the farm workers . I met a man who worked 12 hours a day , seven days a week for 10 years without a single day off . He was paid minimum wage . And though he earned it , he could not claim overtime pay -- overtime that would be paid to any deli worker in New York City . If he tried to form a union , he could be fired . I walked through one-room shacks that housed entire families and past queues that led to filthy bathrooms -- one toilet for every 20 workers . I met women sexually assaulted in the fields by supervisors in return for employment , and children doing backbreaking labor for $ 3.20 an hour . The legacy of Jim Crow is alive today in New York , resulting in inexcusable conditions for people who plant our vegetables , pick our fruit and milk our cows . All this is legal in New York , the remnants of a bargain struck nationally with the Dixiecrats to exclude minority workers from New Deal federal fair labor laws . The Farmworkers Fair Labor Practices Act , passed by the State Assembly last year and languishing in the State Senate , is the first step to addressing some of these egregious violations of international human rights New York farm workers still face . The bill is far from radical ; it merely extends to farm workers the same labor protections nearly every other industry in America has enjoyed since the industrial era . But it would be revolutionary for the roughly 100,000 men , women , and children who give New York its daily bread . The State Assembly has passed the bill several times ; where it stalls is in the Senate , a body that has the votes to pass the bill into law , but where special interests have prevented it from coming to the floor for a vote . We can not allow partisan politics to condemn New York 's farm workers to another year of misery and abuse . New York 's legislature must bring the FFLPA to a vote in 2014 . And when it does , I hope the members of our State Senate will think of that day in 1968 , when in front of a crowd of 6,000 farm workers , Robert Kennedy said : "  When your children and grandchildren take their place in America -- going to high school , and college and taking good jobs at good pay -- when you look at them , you will say , ' I did this . I was there at the point of difficulty and danger . ' "  And though you may be old and bent from many years of labor , no man will stand taller than you when you say , ' I marched with Cesar . ' " All of us still have the opportunity to join the struggle today . And if we do , one day when we are old and bent , we will to turn to our children and grandchildren and say , "  I was there at the point of difficulty and danger . I marched with the New York Farmworkers . " Si se puede !	Farm workers suffer from laws California addressed nearly half a century ago Kennedy : You should see how farm workers are treated Passing new bill is first step to addressing human rights violations All of us have the opportunity to join the struggle today
Washington  CNN  -- In another dramatic victory for firearm owners , the Supreme Court has ruled unconstitutional Chicago , Illinois ' , 28-year-old strict ban on handgun ownership , a potentially far-reaching case over the ability of state and local governments to enforce limits on weapons . A 5-4 conservative majority of justices on Monday reiterated its 2-year-old conclusion that the Constitution gives individuals equal or greater power than states on the issue of possession of certain firearms for self-protection . "  It can not be doubted that the right to bear arms was regarded as a substantive guarantee , not a prohibition that could be ignored so long as states legislated in an evenhanded manner , " wrote Justice Samuel Alito . The court grounded that right in the due process section of the 14th Amendment . The justices , however , said local jurisdictions still retain the flexibility to preserve some "  reasonable " gun-control measures currently in place nationwide . In dissent , Justice Stephen Breyer predicated far-reaching implications . "  Incorporating the right , " he wrote , "  may change the law in many of the 50 states . Read in the majority 's favor , the historical evidence " for the decision "  is at most ambiguous . " He was supported by Justices John Paul Stevens , Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor . At issue was whether the constitutional "  right of the people to keep and bear arms " applies to local gun control ordinances , or only to federal restrictions . The basic question had remained unanswered for decades , and gave the conservative majority on the high court another chance to allow Americans expanded weapon ownership rights . A key question was how far the court would apply competing parts of the 14th Amendment to preserve some "  reasonable " gun control measures currently in place nationwide . The appeal was filed by a community activist in Chicago who sought a handgun for protection from gangs . Otis McDonald told CNN outside his South Side home that he wants a handgun to protect himself and his family from the violence in his neighborhood . "  That 's all I want , is just a fighting chance , " he said . "  Give me the opportunity to at least make somebody think about something before they come in my house on me . " His application for a handgun permit was denied in a city with perhaps the toughest private weapons restrictions in the nation . The justices two years ago affirmed an individual 's right to possess such weapons , tossing out restrictive laws in the federal enclave of the District of Columbia . The larger issue is one that has polarized judges , politicians and the public for decades : Do the Second Amendment 's 27 words bestow gun ownership as an individual right or as a collective one -- aimed at the civic responsibilities of state militias and therefore subject , perhaps , to strict government regulation ? And is that regulation limited to federal laws , or can it be applied to local communities ? The amendment states : "  A well-regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state , the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed . " Gun rights groups applauded the decision . "  Today marks a great moment in American history , " said Wayne LaPierre of the National Rifle Association . "  It is a vindication for the great majority of American citizens who have always believed the Second Amendment was an individual right and freedom worth defending . " Some gun control advocates tried to put a positive spin on the opinion . "  There is nothing in today 's decision that should prevent any state or local government from successfully defending , maintaining , or passing , sensible , strong gun laws , " said Paul Helmke , of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence . The court majority refused to limit its 2008 District of Columbia ruling . That decision offered at least partial constitutional validation to citizens seeking the right to possess one of the most common types of firearms in their homes . The Chicago ruling now extends that right significantly . The Justice Department estimates that as many as 275 million guns are in the United States . In 2005 , three-quarters of the 10,100 homicides by firearms nationwide were committed with handguns . Underpinning the legal basis for the court 's jurisdiction in this appeal is a complex reading of the 14th Amendment , passed after the Civil War to ensure that all citizens -- including newly freed slaves -- were protected from state laws that might restrict their fundamental rights . One part ensures that states can not deprive people of "  life , liberty , or property , without due process of law . " That has been commonly applied by federal courts when it comes to disputes over basic rights , so-called "  ordered liberty " cases . Such cases include affirming the right to abortion , and to homosexual sex . But another rarely used provision also prevents states from depriving the "  privileges or immunities " of all citizens . The specific question for the high court in the Chicago case was whether the "  immunities and privileges " clause should be used to overturn the handgun ban . An 1873 ruling limited use of that provision when considering a variety of state laws . McDonald 's lawyer , Alan Gura , promoted a new reading of the clause , in his lead role representing gun owners . The constitutional theories are dense , but some legal scholars had said that if the high court embraced this "  privileges and immunities " clause , it could open up to fresh review a huge range of issues , like property rights and gay marriage . Courts have generally upheld other cities ' restrictions on semiautomatic weapons and sawed-off shotguns . The conservative high court majority has in recent years upheld a California ban on assault rifles , similar to a federal ban that expired in 2004 . Forty-four state constitutions protect their residents ' right to keep weapons , according to a brief filed by 32 state attorneys general in support of the individual weapons owners in the current appeals . Some constitutional experts have noted the Bill of Rights had traditionally been applied by courts only to the federal government , not to local entities . It was not until the past half-century that the justices have viewed free speech , assembly , and the press -- among other rights -- as individual in nature , and fundamental to liberty , superseding in many cases the power of states . There have been limits . The high court has repeatedly refused to extend to states the 5th Amendment requirement that persons can be charged with serious crimes only by "  indictment of a grand jury . " The current case was McDonald v. Chicago  08-1521  .	5-4 decision reiterates and expands conclusion in 2008 D.C. decision Due process section of 14th Amendment used in decision "  A great moment in American history , " NRA 's Wayne LaPierre says Handgun control advocate says decision does not prohibit "  sensible , strong gun laws "
CNN  -- Microsoft Office , the suite of productivity tools used by millions , has finally come to the iPhone . The move is a significant one for Microsoft and its users . Before , the popular set of tools , including Word , Excel , PowerPoint and Outlook , was available only on Windows phones , which have captured a sliver of the smartphone market . The feature is available free in Apple 's App Store for subscribers to Office 365 , the cloud-based version of Office 's business-like tools for home users . Subscribers pay a monthly fee . Office for iPhone is intended for people who need to edit PowerPoints or Excel spreadsheets on the go , not create them from their phones . The company said users can work with documents on their phones , and the updates will be transferred to those documents on PC versions . They 'll also be able to share documents from their phones . "  When we launched Office 365 earlier this year , we committed to delivering regular updates and new capabilities to Office 365 subscribers , " Julia White , general manager of Microsoft 's Office division , said in a blog post . "  Office Mobile for iPhone is another great example of the value of subscribing to Office 365 . " The announcement comes just days after Apple announced that its own iWork productivity suite will for the first time work with Windows systems . The Microsoft announcement serves as a counter , allowing the same kind of back-and-forth for the larger number of users who are already familiar with Office , considered by many the gold standard of productivity software . There is no similar version of Office optimized for the iPad , which has its own more fully developed Web browser . Microsoft also did not mention whether it 's developing a version for Google 's Android mobile devices . Office for iPhone is available now for users in the United States and will soon rolled out internationally , the company said .	Microsoft announced its Office suite is now available on the iPhone Office tools include Word , Excel , PowerPoint and Outlook It will be free but available only to Office 365 subscribers Office is not available for iPad or Android devices
EW.com  -- Last winter on the set of the show 's massive post-Super Bowl episode , "  Glee " co-creator Ryan Murphy told EW that he wanted the gay teenage relationship between Kurt  Chris Colfer  and Blaine  Darren Criss  to be just as complicated as any of the show 's heterosexual romances . Now he 's making good on his word : Tuesday 's episode of the Fox hit , "  The First Time , " finds not only Rachel  Lea Michele  and Finn  Cory Monteith  having sex with each other for the first time , but -- in a groundbreaking move for an 8 p.m. series -- McKinley High 's gay couple doing the same .  Warning : SPOILERS ahead ! "  We were talking about it -LSB- in the writers ' room -RSB- like , ` Why should n't -LSB- Kurt and Blaine -RSB- lose their virginity at the same time ? ' " Murphy tells EW exclusively . "  Everybody has seen a straight couple losing their virginity , but has anyone dovetailed the gay and straight stories together and given them equal weight ? That seemed like an exciting choice and a new thing . " According to Murphy , the four actors ' only worry was that they look good in the love scenes : "  The first thing they all said was ` Do we have to go on diets ? ' " Originally , when there was talk this past summer of a "  Glee " spin-off , the thought was that Rachel would lose her virginity after moving to New York . Says Murphy , "  Some of the women in the -LSB- writer 's -RSB- room thought it was crazy and thought we should really give that moment this year to Finn . " The "  Glee " co-creator also reveals that network Fox expressed no concern over the episode 's potentially polarizing subject matter -- though the Parents Television Council issued a statement Tuesday condemning the episode : "  The fact that ` Glee ' intends to ... celebrate children having sex is reprehensible . The gender of the high school characters involved is irrelevant . " Murphy , who is n't surprised by the controversy , is staying focused on the bigger picture : In a year when bullying and teen suicides have grabbed headlines , he 's hopeful that Kurt and Blaine 's romance will continue to deliver a positive message to "  Glee 's " audience . "  I think what it says to a lot of young gay people who are confused and ashamed is that you can get love and are worthy of love . " "  Glee " : Get the latest news , photos , and more Viewers also saw the return of Kurt 's bully , Karofsky  Max Adler  in Tuesday 's episode . Surprisingly , Murphy says he gets a lot of comments , particularly from gay men , asking for a Kurt/Karofsky romance . Says Murphy , "  We 're going to write something about it . I do think the reason why he attacked Kurt so viciously is he he had all these feelings that he did n't know what to do with . I am interested in that , like what happens if he finally got to express that in the right way . " See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Tuesday 's episode of "  Glee , " "  The First Time , " finds two couples having sex In a groundbreaking move for an 8 p.m. series -- Kurt and Blaine have sex Murphy says Fox expressed no concern over the episode 's potentially polarizing subject matter
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- While nearly all maritime activity on the Potomac River will be halted on Inauguration Day , a handful of Mall-goers will sail from Virginia to Washington on water taxis . Some people will cross the Potomac River via water taxi on Inauguration Day . Working closely with the United States Coast Guard , the Potomac Riverboat Company , based in Alexandria , Virginia , plans to ferry up to 3,200 passengers from across the frigid Potomac on seven climate-controlled boats . The service is partially a response to the closure of all bridges from Virginia to D.C. on Inauguration Day , a measure that prompted an uproar among Virginia residents . According to maritime authorities in charge of the region , PRC is the only company being allowed to taxi across the river on the 20th . "  Because the taxi service provided us with a security plan that we examined and deemed adequate to provide good security , I granted them a waiver to operate at an increased security level , " National Capitol Region Port Captain Brian Kelley says . "  The taxis are going to operate on a strict schedule and a strict route . " The Coast Guard established a temporary security zone on waterways in the National Capitol Region , stepping up restrictions day-by-day leading up to 11 p.m. on January 19 . At that point , all vessels must be docked and only boats with an approved sail plan will be allowed to operate . John Lake , a ship captain and the general manager of the company , said the sail plan he submitted was approved only a week ago and details nearly every move taxis will make . "  All the departures are scheduled times . And those departures are supposed to leave on-time , " Lake said . "  We have to call in on each departure to the Coast Guard , let them know we 're preparing to get under way , and get the permission , basically , to get under way . " The boats depart the Alexandria Marina for the 40-minute trip beginning around 6 a.m. and must be docked on the southwest D.C. shore by 10 a.m. From there , it 's a cold , mile-long walk to the Mall , so Lake has some advice for passengers . "  Show up early to get through the security check and dress warm , " he said . "  It 's going to be nice and toasty on the boat , but not so much outside . " Return trips , tentatively scheduled for around 6 p.m. , are not allowed to depart D.C. until after the inaugural parade events have concluded and President Obama is secured . In keeping with the Coast Guard 's security measures , Lake says all passengers must arrive at least an hour early for a full screening . Passengers that want to stay in D.C. after the early evening departures will have to find other transport back across the Potomac . PRC Vice President Charlotte Hall says tickets went on sale Monday and the initial response from customers has been enthusiastic .	Up to 3,200 passengers to be taken across Potomac on seven boats Service is partially a response to the closure of all bridges from Virginia to D.C. Potomac Riverboat Company clears security to provide service All passengers must arrive at least an hour early for a full screening
Memphis , Tennessee  CNN  -- In the past 15 years , Chad Pregracke has helped pull more than 67,000 tires from the Mississippi River and other waterways across the United States . But that 's just scratching the surface . He 's also helped retrieve 218 washing machines , 19 tractors , 12 hot tubs , four pianos and almost 1,000 refrigerators . "  People intentionally dumped  these  in the river and also littered , " Pregracke said . "  Even 100 miles away ,  trash  will find its way into a creek or a storm drain and into , ultimately , the Mississippi River . " For Pregracke , removing this debris has become his life 's work . Sometimes called "  The Rivers ' Garbageman , " he lives on a barge about nine months out of the year with members of his 12-person crew . Together , they organize community cleanups along rivers across the country . "  The garbage got into the water one piece at a time , " Pregracke said . "  And that 's the only way it 's going to come out . " It 's a dirty job , but Pregracke , 38 , took it on because he realized that no one was doing it . It began as a solo effort , and over the years his energy , enthusiasm and dedication have helped it grow . To date , about 70,000 volunteers have joined his crusade , helping him collect more than 7 million pounds of debris through his nonprofit , Living Lands & Waters . Pregracke grew up in East Moline , Illinois , where the Mississippi River was in his backyard . As a teenager , he worked as a commercial shell diver and began to notice the heaps of debris in the fabled waterway -- one that supplies drinking water to 18 million people in more than 50 U.S. cities . "  I saw thousands of barrels , thousands of tires , cars , trucks and tops of school buses . ... I got sick of seeing it and just wanted to do something about it , " he said . With persistence , sincerity and a lot of chutzpah , Pregracke got a small grant from Alcoa in 1997 and spent that summer cleaning a 35-mile stretch of the river by himself . He would transport the trash by boat and sort it on his parents ' lawn to be recycled . By year 's end , he had single-handedly pulled around 45,000 pounds of trash out of the river . His operation has become much more sophisticated since those early days , as his nonprofit now has a fleet of boats . And while he has resources and know-how , he depends on each community he visits to supply the manpower needed to get the job done . On average , Pregracke says he organizes 70 cleanups a year in 50 communities . The cleanups are posted on the nonprofit 's website , Facebook and other outlets so people know where and when they can volunteer . At the cleanup sites , Pregracke 's passion for the work is contagious , and his humor creates an upbeat atmosphere -- something he knows is necessary for the work that they do . His team uses skits , mock motivational speeches and music to get the volunteers amped up , and sometimes they might find themselves doing a little karaoke on their DJ boat . "  We do everything in our power to get people excited about it , " Pregracke said . "  We want people to leave feeling good about what they did so they 'll come back . " Teams also compete to see who can find the "  best " garbage -- a poker-like game in which two bowling balls tops three refrigerators and a message in a bottle trumps everything . Pregracke has accumulated what he believes is one of the world 's largest message-in-a-bottle collections , having collected 64 over the years . "  Picking up garbage , it 's tough , miserable and hot . We try to make it fun , " he said . At the end of the day , the volunteers head back to shore and make a human chain to bring the day 's haul onto the barge and sort it out . Close to 90 % of what they recover is recycled ; Pregracke says the rest gets disposed of properly . He believes that volunteers get a huge sense of accomplishment from seeing the garbage piled up at the end of the cleanup , and he considers that just as important as the amount of trash they help collect . "  I 'm  creating a chance for people to go out there and do something positive , " he said . "  Talking is great , but it does n't do much at all . Action is what I 'm about . " Throughout the year , Pregracke 's flotilla travels on rivers throughout the Midwest . For the past three years , the group has visited Memphis , Tennessee , each spring to help clean up a harbor on the Mississippi River where the waters are thick with debris . During their most recent visit , they collected more than 120,000 pounds of garbage in 14 working days . "  It 's a really negative deal , the worst thing I 've ever seen ...  but  I 've never been to a city that 's had more people coming out saying , ` Let 's do something about this . ' It 's a cool thing , " Pregracke said . In addition to the river cleanup , Pregracke has launched a floating classroom barge , where his staff educates high school students and teachers about the damages of pollution on river ecosystems . And in 2007 , his nonprofit implemented a program to plant 1 million trees along river shorelines to protect and restore the natural environment . The group is halfway to its goal . Pregracke says his nonprofit has already held more than 700 cleanups on 23 rivers , but he says that he 's just getting started . He views his work as a different kind of service to the country . "  A lot of people call me a conservationist or an environmentalist , but the thing is I 'm no different than anybody else , " he said . "  I just want to be known  as  a hardworking American . " Ultimately , Pregracke says , his message is about much more than cleaning rivers . He believes his story is proof that anyone can make a difference : "  If I had one thing to say , it would n't even be about rivers necessarily . It would be about finding  a  cause that 's dear to you and taking action . ... "  Change is slow , like a barge or train ,  but  once it builds momentum , it 's hard to stop . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Living Lands & Waters website at www.livinglandsandwaters.org and see how to help .	Chad Pregracke is dedicated to cleaning the Mississippi River and other U.S. waterways He and his staff organize community cleanups across the country They have a fleet of boats to get the job done , and they try to make cleanup fun for volunteers
Berlin  CNN  -- A chemical accident involving chlorine gas injured nearly 40 people Tuesday at a plant for security technology in Bruhl . Of the 39 victims , seven were seriously injured , according to Markus Brachschoss , a spokesman for the local fire department . Around 300 people were inside the plant at the time of the accident . The incident occurred when two chemicals -- sodium hypochlorite and hydrochloric acid -- came into contact , emitting chlorine gas . Air tests were conducted inside the building where the accident occurred and in surrounding buildings , Brachschoss said . The fire department determined no threat was posed to the surrounding community . More than 46,000 people live in Bruhl , about 10 miles south of Cologne .	Sodium hypochlorite and hydrochloric acid came into contact , emitting chlorine gas Seven people were seriously injured The incident occurred at a security technology plant in Bruhl
CNN  -- The U.S. Embassy in Uganda is warning its citizens in the east African nation that regional terror groups "  remain actively interested in attacking " American interests . "  We are particularly concerned about the month of February , " the embassy , based in the capital , Kampala , said in a statement . Uganda is holding presidential elections next month . The embassy advises U.S. citizens to avoid large , public gatherings , "  especially those with large numbers of westerners and/or no visible security presence . " It urges citizens to report any suspicious activity by calling 999 and keeping a charged cell phone at all times . The alert updates previous warnings related to the July 11 , 2010 bombings in Kampala , according to the embassy . More than 70 people died after a pair of bombings struck a restaurant and a rugby ground as patrons gathered to watch the World Cup final . Somalia-based al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attacks . The Islamic militants battling Somalia 's U.N.-backed transitional government have threatened attacks on Uganda and Burundi , which contribute troops to an African Union peacekeeping mission in Somalia .	The embassy advises U.S. citizens to avoid large , public gatherings A bombing in Kampala last July left more than 70 people dead
CNN  -- For several months in 2003 , I did the whole European backpacker thing . Which is to say I 've seen nearly every cathedral within 1,000 square miles of the Danube . "  Are we cultured yet ? " "  Shut up . Two more . " It also means that I have an old journal filled out in the back with countless e-mail addresses from travelers I 'll probably never see again . This was before the heyday of social media , back when pretending to care about people you just met required considerably less effort . Because now when you go abroad , you actually have to connect with your fellow travelers over Facebook . And then deny their Candy Crush requests . Well , these casual travel friendships are about to go completely bonkers over the next two weekends as the world-famous Tomorrowland festival kicks off in Belgium . I 'll get to why in a moment , but for those of you who are unfamiliar with Tomorrowland , it 's a multiday gathering of thousands upon thousands of beautiful young people from all over the planet , congregating in a fairytale-themed field , dancing all night to DJs playing EDM . Note to Dad : EDM stands for Electronic Dance Music . It sounds nothing like Willie Nelson . Just put on the Golf Channel and stay away from Belgium . That said , if you 're not my dad and actually enjoy EDM , it 's probably a great time . Especially if you 're into that whole being young and enjoying life thing . I 'd go , but my iCal has me scheduled to wallow in self-doubt . The following weekend is also completely booked with some pre-planned lower back pain . However , if you do make it over to Belgium , this year you 'll be wearing a special festival bracelet that allows you to instantly send friend requests to people you just met . "  YOU get a friend request . YOU get a friend request . YOU get a friend request . EVERYBODY GETS A FRIEND REQUEST ! " Now , because this festival is so delightfully wackadoo , these bracelets literally arrive at your door in a Tomorrowland treasure case , which , from what I 've seen online , is far more ornate than anything I currently have in my house . No offense , IKEA . You see , this festival tends to go all-in on the ridiculous . And I like that . They 've made it fun before you even get there . An instructional Web video from Tomorrowland explains that , once your treasure case arrives in the mail , you have to use a "  magical key " to "  unlock the happiness . " Then , inside the box , you 'll find your bracelet , for which you have to go online to activate with a personalized code . Next , to "  fully unleash all its magical power , " you connect it to your Facebook account . And if everything syncs up as it should , the bracelet is then armed for making instant friends . Back in my day , we used cheap bourbon and old war stories . Somehow , I just turned 72 . But at Tomorrowland , you and your new pal just need to be near each other while you press your "  heart " buttons at the same time . The next day , you 'll receive a daily "  special friendship " e-mail with all the contact details of your new late-night besties . "  Who the hell is Gunther ? " "  He 's that crazy German guy with no pants . You spent six hours with him building a glow stick castle . " "  Oh , Guuuuunther . " So , who knows what kind of new digital friends you 'll suddenly make . The possibilities are endless . You can even play port-a-potty roulette with the person using the stall next to yours . "  I do n't know who you are over there , or what you just ate , but ... One . Two . Three . Go ! " What 's also cool is that the bracelet is actually your entrance pass to the festival . There 's no paper . And that 's sort of the new trend in ticketing : high-tech smart bracelets . In fact , this year , Lollapalooza in Chicago is going cashless by using radio frequency identification-enabled wristband tickets that also allow festival-goers to make payments . The bracelets are linked to the user 's credit card . Which , after far too many beers , probably sounds like this : "  I 'll take a poster . And a t-shirt . And a coozie . And another poster . And another t-shirt for that guy . And whatever this chick wants . And let 's do another poster . " What could possibly go wrong ? Anyway , things have certainly changed since I promised to keep in touch with all those people I met back in Europe . But this is just life as we know it in our crazy modern world . Embrace it . "  Hey , Gunther . You up for another glow stick castle ? " Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter . See more content with questionable news value at CNN Comedy .	Festival-goers at Tomorrowland will wear bracelets that send Facebook friend requests The wearable tickets are an example of smart technology being used at music festivals Tomorrowland takes place during the last two weekends in July in Boom , Belgium
Silicon Alley Insider  -- Newspaper companies are a dying breed , and one consistent scapegoat for their demise is the rise of blogs and online news sites . In October 2009 , Tom Curly , CEO of the Associated Press news service , said blogs were directing large amounts of revenue away from original content creators . At the same time , Rupert Murdoch sneered at bloggers , saying they would cause the "  content creators " like his company News Corp. , parent of the Wall Street Journal and New York Post , "  to pay the ultimate price " if they were not held in check . Blogs and other new media from Facebook to Twitter have made newspapers less relevant . If you want quicker , more focused news , blogs are a great resource . If you want more local , hyperpersonal news -- i.e. , what your sister 's cat did today -- then Facebook or Twitter are your best bets . But despite factors of expediency and personalization , new media outlets are not to blame for the creeping death of newspapers . It makes for a great story to have upstart blogs destroying hidebound news organizations , but the truth is much more simple . Advertisers are killing newspapers . Advertisers have fled newspapers for the greener , cheaper pastures of the internet and they 're not coming back . On the internet , an advertiser has a greater ability to target his or her ad spend . Want to advertise to just teenage boys interested in football ? Ca n't do that with the newspaper . Want to advertise to women from Yale ? Ca n't do that in a newspaper . The numbers prove this out . Alan Mutter , an expert on the economics of the newspaper industry , recently reported that newspaper advertising was down about 10 percent year-over-year for the first quarter of the year . Meanwhile , advertising on the internet , radio and television were all up . Web advertising was up 7.5 percent . Newspapers still attract more ad dollars than the web , but that is expected to change soon . PricewaterhouseCoopers ' annual report on media trends reported that web advertising totaled $ 24.2 billion last year . The Newspaper Association of America reported $ 24.82 billion in advertising for 2009 . By the end of this year , the web may be in front . The expansion of advertising on the web is both good news and bad news for newspapers . Newspapers like The New York Times have taken advantage of the web to create amazing products like interactive graphics and videos . This has helped propel their overall readership to new heights . Millions of people visit The New York Times ' website daily . That 's important to keep in mind when anyone thinks of blaming blogs for the death of newspapers . There 's enough people on the web to go around . Newspapers and blogs are expanding their audiences simultaneously . As newspapers take advantage of the medium to tell stories , they 'll see some of that $ 24 billion in online ad dollars . Unfortunately , it wo n't be enough to support what they do now -- and most of the money is going to the likes of Google . The New York Times online edition only generates a fraction of the revenue of the print publication . The Times is a lot less relevant as a place to advertise online than it was offline . And no , blogs are not siphoning many dollars off The New York Times online franchise . The Huffington Post is the most successful blog in the world , with some 12 million unique visitors a month . That traffic bests traditional news organizations like the Washington Post , The Los Angeles Times and The Wall Street Journal by a couple of million . Yet , for all its success , revenue remains relatively elusive . HuffPo only generated $ 15 million last year . It hopes to double that this year to $ 30 million , but that 's still tiny . For some perspective , The New York Times ' online revenue is an estimated $ 150 million to $ 175 million annually . If advertisers are n't spending heavily on blogs or traditional news organizations , where are they spending ? Google . The search giant has annual revenue of more than $ 20 billion , with the vast majority of that from web advertising . The funny thing about Google is that it has tried to master almost every sort of business . It 's investing in windmills , it 's investing in mobile phones , it wants to lay cable for high speed internet connections , just to name a few . Yet , for all the businesses it has tried , there 's one it says it has no interest in : print content like newspapers . The reason ? Making money on newspapers , and getting advertisers interested in spending again on print publications , has even the big brains at Google stumped . Google CEO Eric Schmidt recently told newspaper editors , "  We have a business model problem . We do n't have a news problem . " We do n't have a news problem , because there 's enough news under the sun for newspapers and blogs to cover it all . Now , if there were only enough ad dollars . Copyright  2010 Business Insider .	Newspapers still attract more ad dollars than the internet , but that should soon change Advertisers have fled newspapers for the greener , cheaper pastures of the internet On the web , an advertiser has a greater ability to target his or her ad spend Advertisers are buying ads on Google instead of traditional news organizations
CNN  Ferguson is crumbling . The cowardly and reprehensible shooting Wednesday night of two police officers came in a tumultuous seven days for the Missouri town , which had already seen Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson announce his resignation after a damning Justice Department report on its police department . The report , which was ordered in the wake of the killing of Michael Brown last year , highlighted a predatory policing problem and a department that was biased , prejudiced and that has regularly targeted , arrested and fined African-Americans . Residents understandably want justice . But what 's worse in all this is that Ferguson is illustrative of a broader problem across the country as increasingly militarized majority-white police departments demonstrate consistent racial bias toward majority-black communities . It 's a combustible mix . In three-quarters of all U.S. cities with populations 50,000 or more , the police presence is "  disproportionately white relative to the local population , " according to The Washington Post . And tensions are being exacerbated by the use among police departments of military weapons , and stipulations that these former war zone weapons must be used within a year of acquisition . All this suggests a need for a completely new mindset on how we try to understand and implement policing practices across America . Indeed , a wholesale review of policies and approaches to law enforcement is needed , something that will likely necessitate drastic reforms in some departments so they can better represent , integrate , problem solve and liaise with the communities they are serving . First and foremost , our police departments must better reflect the diverse demographics of our increasingly diverse nation , whether it be race , creed , sexual orientation and more . America is changing fast , but police departments are n't keeping up . Training and recruitment of minorities is critical , yet far more needs to be taking place . With this in mind , amplifying community policing models that work and scaling them up immediately is essential if we are to stem the growing and sometimes overwhelming tide of frustration , anger and cynicism welling up among young African , Asian and Hispanic Americans . Second , we must radically rethink the trend toward the indiscriminate procurement and use of surplus military grade weaponry , which under the Department of Defense 's 1033 program is flowing from battlefields to our local police forces . When the weapons of war come home from Iraq and Afghanistan to help police America 's cities and towns , then you know something has gone terribly wrong with this country . Mine-resistant ambush protected vehicles , tanks , drones , grenades and assault weapons should not replace the community policing of our Main Streets . Ferguson is an excellent example of how the deployment of heavy weaponry inflames rather than de-escalates a crisis situation . Having military equipment on our streets does not make citizens feel safer , which is why the Stop Militarizing Law Enforcement Act was recently reintroduced in Congress . We do not need our officers looking like "  Robocop " when they patrol our streets . It 's that simple . Yet until such a bill is passed , war weapons will continue to flood our streets ; Congress must act to stem this tide . We understand that times have changed and that new security threats require new solutions and procedures . But it does n't justify the 150 raids per day by special weapons and tactics units for incidents that can be as benign as a Department of Education warrant . This kind of aggressive approach does n't engender the kind of engagement necessary for identifying real risks lurking in a community . In fact , the opposite happens . Intelligence opportunities are dead on arrival , and potential allies who would otherwise be ready to help shut down immediately . Aggressive military-type action is quickly turning Americans against fellow citizens who they are ostensibly there to serve and protect . We therefore trust that President Barack Obama and Attorney General Eric Holder will take decisive action , working hand in hand with police departments all across this country . Yes , the White House 's task force on police militarization was a start , but more concrete measures are needed if we want to reverse the rising anger in Ferguson and elsewhere . The time for a change is now . If we do n't press our police departments to reflect the makeup and needs of our communities , then towns like Ferguson will unravel further .	Two police officers were shot Wednesday in Ferguson Hank Johnson , Michael Shank : Policing style needs rethink
CNN  -- Most people do n't go through life without hitting a few bumps along the way . For Lamont Peterson , that 's putting it mildly . Peterson , 28 , is sitting on top of the boxing world right now . In December , he won the light welterweight championship of the world , an achievement that was 18 years in the making . "  I feel blessed just to be here in this spot , " he said . "  It could have been many other places I could 've been . " Indeed . Peterson is one of 12 siblings . Growing up in Washington , things were going well until their father went to prison on a drug offense . They lost their home , and shortly thereafter their mother abandoned them , leaving the kids to fend for themselves . Lamont was 10 years old at the time . Some of the siblings latched on with friends . But Lamont and his younger brother , Anthony , were on their own . At times they had no place to stay and were forced to sleep on park benches , in abandoned cars and at a local Greyhound bus station . Sometimes they just walked the streets , waiting for the sun to come up . "  You 'd play with your friends and you 'd have fun all day , and then you knew at the end of the day , once it got to a certain time , your friends were going to go home . They 'd be in their beds , warm , and you knew that you was n't , " said Peterson . And Lamont had to look after Anthony , who was two years his junior . That situation became even more stressful when other city kids challenged them . "  He 'd have to fight for me because I was so small , " said the younger Peterson . "  I guess that 's how he got his fighting skills going and protecting me . " A few months later , the Peterson boys met boxing trainer Barry Hunter , and it changed their lives . "  They were just coming out of the shelter , " said Hunter . "  I met Lamont and brought him to the gym , and I brought Anthony the next time . We 've been together ever since . " That was 18 years ago . Hunter took them in and gave the boys more than just boxing lessons ; he gave them life lessons . "  Those are my boys , man , I ca n't say nothing bad about them . I 'm totally proud of 'em , " said Hunter . Last December , the discipline and work ethic Hunter instilled in the boys resulted in Lamont winning the light welterweight world championship . "  It 's something I 've been working for a long time , " said Peterson . "  Eighteen years now ... all the hard work paying off is just a great feeling . " It was a hard-fought bout with then-champion Amir Khan of the United Kingdom , a close match that some think could have gone either way . A rematch is in the works . But for now Peterson holds the title -- which also means a seven-figure payday . That kind of money is especially meaningful for a person who once slept on the streets , and is now the father of a 3-year-old girl . "  It 's a great feeling to know that ... my daughter ... she 'll be OK , said Peterson . "  As long as I do right by , you know , the money that I earn , that she 'll be OK . She 'll never have to see those days . " Despite his success , Peterson said , he 'll never forget what happened when he was a child . He 's proof that it 's never over unless you give up . "  Just because you 're dealt a bad hand do n't mean you 're going to lose . You can always change it around , " he said .	Top boxer Lamont Peterson is the light welterweight champion Peterson spent part of his childhood on the streets He and his younger brother met boxing trainer Barry Hunter , who began mentoring them "  Just because you dealt a bad hand do n't mean you 're going lose , " Peterson says
Tokyo  CNN  -- A Japanese power company restarted a nuclear reactor this week , the first to come back online since a March earthquake and tsunami in the nation . The March 11 disasters sparked a nuclear crisis and a backlash that postponed plans to reopen reactors shut down because of damage , inspections or unrelated technical problems . Kyushu Electric Power Co. said it has started generating electricity from the No. 4 reactor late Tuesday at the Genkai nuclear power plant in western Japan . The reactor was taken offline in October after technical problems . Company officials won approval from a local governor and a mayor to bring the reactor online , Japan 's Kyodo news agency reported . Nuclear safety critics criticized the reopening , with the power company receiving more than 200 calls Tuesday from citizens who opposed the move . Another power company said it may have suffered a setback in its efforts to handle damaged nuclear reactors . Tokyo Electric Power Co. said Wednesday it detected the chemical element xenon in a nuclear reactor at the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , a sign that nuclear fission may have occurred . The power company said it began injecting boric acid into the cooling system and has not seen a temperature change that would suggest nuclear fission has occurred . The reactor , No. 2 , was one of several damaged in the wake of the historic March 11 disaster . Recently , Japanese officials said it may take 30 years to decommission the four damaged reactors at the power plant . A draft report , released by Japan 's Atomic Energy Commission of the Cabinet Office last week , said the removal of debris -- or nuclear fuel -- should begin by the end of 2021 .	The reactor went offline in October after technical problems It is the first reactor brought back online since the March 11 disaster in Japan The move is criticized by some who are concerned about nuclear safety
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The English club football season closes this weekend with one of the sport 's oldest contests : the FA Cup final . The FA Cup , which was founded in 1871 , is the oldest domestic association cup competition . Currently held by Premier League Portsmouth , this year 's final sees Guus Hiddink 's Chelsea face Everton at London 's Wembley Stadium . The Football Association  FA  Cup is the world 's longest-running cup competition . First contested in 1871 , the competition sees teams from all professional leagues and the top amateur leagues compete in a knock-out format for the coveted prize . About 90,000 people are expected at Wembley for this year 's final -- a massive change from the 2000 strong crowd which watched the first final 127 years ago . Although only contested by English and Welsh clubs , the FA Cup is hugely popular all over the world . According to the FA , the estimated global viewing audience for the 2005 final at the Millennium Stadium , where Arsenal beat Manchester United on penalties , was 484 million . That figure dwarfs the audiences for many other major sporting events . An FA spokesman told CNN the competition had such a strong following due to its history and the "  unpredictable " nature of cup football that meant tiny amateur teams could get a shot at the big time . "  The FA Cup is the oldest football competition in the world and one that the association is very proud of . It is seen all over the world by TV viewers and is a showpiece event of the English domestic season . "  It retains a magical quality throughout the early stages because it is extremely unpredictable . Last season only one of the four semi-final teams was from the top flight . " This year the FA Cup had a record number of 762 entries , the spokesman added . The current holder of the FA Cup is Portsmouth , however , the 2009 final is to be contested by Chelsea and Everton at Wembley Stadium this weekend . Alongside the FA Cup , the entire United Kingdom and Ireland region has a wealth of long-standing domestic cup football competitions . The Scottish Cup was formed in 1874 , while the Welsh Cup has been running since 1877 , and the Northern Ireland-based Irish Cup has been in action since 1881 . Outside of the United Kingdom , there are a number of other prestigious domestic cup competitions . Here is a look at the world 's longest-running competitions : The oldest cup competitions outside Britain : KNVB  Dutch  Cup , Netherlands , 1899 The Dutch Cup involves all of the teams from the top two divisions in the Netherlands , as well as the top four sides from each of the six third-tier competitions , and further teams from the fourth tier . This year 's KNVB Cup was won by Heerenveen , who defeated FC Twente on penalties to win the final . What domestic cup competition is your favorite and why ? Tell us in the Sound Off box below . Copa del Rey , Spain , 1902 Barcelona were deserving winners of this year 's Copa del Rey , claiming the cup for the 25th time to establish themselves as the most successful club in the competition 's history . First contested in 1902 , the Copa del Rey has become one of the most-respected domestic cup competitions in the world , partly for the length of time it has run , but also due to the strength of the Spanish league . Norwegian Football Cup , Norway , 1902 The Norwegian Football Cup , or simply "  Cupen " , is the premier knock-out competition in Norway , contested between April and November . Valerenga , a team from the city of Oslo is the current holder of the cup . Both Valerenga and Rosenberg have won the Cupen twice in the last decade . Hungarian Cup , Hungary , 1909 First played in 1909 , the Hungarian Cup , or Magyar Kupa in Hungarian , is contested by all of the professional teams in the country , as well as a number of amateur teams who must qualify through local competitions . Budapest Honved FC recently won the 2008/2009 edition of the Hungarian Cup . Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup , U.S. , 1914 Open to all five levels of affiliated amateur and professional teams in the United States , the annual U.S. Open Cup is the oldest competition in U.S. soccer . This year marks the 96th time the tournament has been held , and Major League Soccer side D.C. United will be trying to defend the cup after winning it in 2008 . Coupe de France , France 1918 This season saw one of most memorable runs in the long history of the Coupe de France , as second-tier team En Avant de Guingamp marched to the title ahead of more fancied Ligue 1 opposition . It was only the second time that the cup has been won by a team outside of the top division . Top-flight side Olympique de Marseille have won the cup a record 10 times . Emperor 's Cup , Japan , 1921 The oldest football competition in Japan , the Emperor 's Cup is an extremely important piece of silverware in the country as it offers entry to the Asian Champions League  ACL  . Gamba Osaka won the last final , which is always contested on New Year 's Day . Egypt Cup , Egypt , 1921 This competition has been dominated by the impressive Al-Ahly club , which has won the cup 35 times . The current holder is fellow Egyptian Premier League team Haras el Hodood -- and they have now qualified for the Egyptian Super Cup match , which will see them take on league winners Al-Ahly . Taca de Portugal , Portugal , 1921 Like the FA Cup , the major cup competition in Portuguese football will hold its final this weekend . FC Porto and Pacos Ferreira will contest the match -- which offers a Europa League place to the winner -- provided they have n't already qualified for the Champions League . Benfica have the best record in the competition , having won 27 times . Coppa Italia , Italy , 1922 Although it was established before the Serie A league competition , the Coppa Italia does n't seem to hold the same appeal to fans -- as many matches are played before much smaller crowds than Serie A games . The best peformers have been AS Roma and Juventus , who have both won the cup nine times . Lazio is the current holder . Chatham Cup , New Zealand , 1923 "  New Zealand " and "  prestigious football competitions " are n't two terms you 'd normally squeeze into the same sentence . However , the Chatham Cup , established in 1923 , is among some of the oldest cup competitions in the world . It is contested by traditional club sides in the South Pacific country , rather than the franchise teams in the national league . The current holder of the Chatham Cup is East Coast Bays .	The FA Cup final between Chelsea and Everton is held this weekend Established in 1871 , the FA Cup is the world 's oldest association cup TV viewing figures suggest the FA Cup attracts a huge global following CNN lists the oldest cup competitions from other countries
A 17-year-old was hit by a truck and killed during a protest in Carupano , Venezuela , a government official said . Authorities are investigating the death of Jose Ernesto Mendez , elected official Cesar Rincones said Monday . For weeks , Venezuela has been mired by deadly protests . Young Venezuelans unhappy with the ravaged economy and rising crime have clashed with security forces , who have fired tear gas and water cannons . Last week , three anti-government protesters died in confrontations in Caracas . The country is grappling with an inflation rate of 56.2 % , the highest in the world . Many basic goods are missing from the shelves . Adding to the tension , authorities have issued an arrest warrant for opposition leader Leopold Lopez on charges including conspiracy and murder in connection with the violence . And on Monday , the government said three U.S. diplomats have 48 hours to leave the South American country , accusing them of conspiring against its government . Venezuelan Foreign Minister Elias Jaua accused the U.S. officials of using a visa program as a cover to meet with youth organizers at private universities "  for training , financing and creating youth organizations through which violence is promoted in Venezuela . " The State Department fired back , calling that claim "  baseless and false " and saying the United States had not yet received any formal notification of the officials ' expulsion .	17-year-old hit by a truck and killed during a protest Last week , three anti-government protesters died in clashes in Caracas Young Venezuelans unhappy with the ravaged economy and rising crime
CNN  -- The author of a new tell-all book claims she lost her virginity to President John F. Kennedy when she was a 19-year-old White House intern , and that the affair lasted 18 months . The book , "  Once Upon a Secret : My Affair with President John F. Kennedy and Its Aftermath , " will be available Wednesday , but CNN was able to buy a copy Monday . The alleged affair began in the summer of 1962 , while Mimi Alford worked in the White House press office . She met Kennedy four days into her internship , and was invited for a personal tour of the residence a day later by the commander-in-chief after being served daiquiris , she says in Chapter 4 of the book . "  Slowly , he unbuttoned the top of my shirtdress and touched my breasts , " Alford said in the book . "  Then he reached up between my legs and started to pull off my underwear . I finished unbuttoning my shirtdress and let it fall off my shoulders . " "  After he finished , he hitched up his pants and smiled at me " pointing her to the bathroom . "  I was in shock , " she writes . "  He , on the other hand , was matter-of-fact , and acted as if what had just occurred was the most natural thing in the world . " The White House arranged for a car for her , she said . On the ride home , it "  kept echoing in my head : I 'm not a virgin anymore . " "  In an era when women in the workplace were still considered ` girls , ' Mimi was literally a girl herself -- naive , innocent , emotionally unprepared for the thrill that came when the president 's charisma and power were turned on her full-force , " according to the website of the book 's publisher , Random House . "  She was also unprepared for the feelings of isolation that would follow as she fell into the double life of a college student who was also the secret lover of the most powerful man in the world . " Fifty years later , Alford is now a 69-year-old grandmother and retired New York City church administrator , the Post reported . Following Kennedy 's assassination , Alford "  grieved in private , locked her secret away and tried to start her life anew , only to find that her past would cast a long shadow -- and ultimately destroy her relationship with the man she married , " Random House said . In 2003 , a Kennedy biographer mentioned "  a tall , slender , beautiful 19-year-old college sophomore and White House intern , who worked in the press office " when referencing one of the president 's affairs , the publisher 's website said . "  The disclosure set off a tabloid frenzy and soon exposed Mimi and the secret that she had kept for 41 years . " The publisher describes the book as "  a new and personal depiction of one of our most iconic leaders and a powerful , moving story of a woman coming to terms with her past and moving out of the shadows to reclaim the truth . " CNN 's Dominique Dodley contributed to this report .	Mimi Alford is now a 69-year-old grandmother The author says her affair with John F. Kennedy lasted 18 months "  I 'm not a virgin anymore , " Alford recounts after first encounter with Kennedy The alleged affair took place in the summer of 1962 , according to her book
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A huge manhunt involving soldiers and police is underway in China for an elusive armed robber who is thought to be behind a string of murders dating back to 2004 . The search for 42-year-old Zhou Kehua -- one of the country 's most wanted criminals -- is focused on the southwestern city of Chongqing , China 's biggest metropolis , after a woman was shot dead and two others injured on Friday morning outside a bank during an attempted robbery , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported . Later that day , local police reported that a railway policeman was killed while in pursuit of a man believed to be Zhou -- his tenth victim in eight years following a series of robberies in Chongqing , Nanjing and Changsha . All his victims were shot in the head , according to media reports , while police say he targeted people withdrawing money from banks . Chongqing authorities recalled officers on vacation as they launched a full-scale search for the fugitive in mountainous areas around the city , Xinhua said . Police and military units from Hunan and Jiangsu provinces were also mobilized . The search uncovered a cave that Zhou is believed to have stayed in , China Daily reported . Inside were two cigarette cases , a T-shirt and human waste , the report added . Police have said Zhou is an expert at survival in the wild , though there is no record of him serving in the military . According to China Daily , the Ministry of Public Security has classified Zhou as a "  class-A " suspect , with a total 5.4 million yuan  US$ 849,000  in rewards being offered for information leading to his capture . A huge -- but ultimately fruitless -- search for Zhou was carried out in January this year after he allegedly shot and robbed a man who had just withdrawn 200,000 yuan  $ 31,700  from a bank in Nanjing before fleeing in a car . Nanjing Public Security Bureau 's Xuanwu district office told CNN at the time that more than 80,000 police officers took part in the manhunt . It also published two video clips online of the suspect escaping the scene . Authorities have warned people against attempting to confront Zhou as he is considered "  ruthless and highly dangerous , " Xinhua said . China increases bounty for deadly robber China dispatches thousands in hunt for robber CNN 's Dayu Zhang contributed to this report .	Search for Zhou Kehua -- one of China 's most wanted criminals -- focused on city of Chongqing Zhou accused of killing ten people during a series of attempted robberies since 2004 42-year old escaped similar manhunt in Nanjing in January after a man was shot during a robbery Zhou classified as a "  class-A " suspect and public have been warned not to approach him
DHAKA , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Army convoys are combing areas around the Bangladeshi border guard headquarters , vowing to punish participants in this week 's bloody mutiny , which killed nearly 100 army officers and civilians , according to The New Nation newspaper . Bangladeshi firefighters continued to uncover bodies Friday of Bangladesh Rifles officers from a mass grave . More than 160 army officers were inside the headquarters of the Bangladesh Rifles  BDR  when the mutiny broke out on Wednesday morning , local reports said . So far , 88 bodies have been recovered from mass graves in the outskirts of Dhaka , the newspaper reported . At least 22 bodies have also been recovered from the Buriganga River after the rebelling troops dumped them down a sewer during the standoff , authorities said . The 88 found dead were among those 169 officers , the newspaper reported . Another 27 emerged from their captivity in the headquarters of the BDR , a 65,000-strong paramilitary outfit primarily responsible for guarding the country 's borders . About 200 BDR soldiers have been arrested . The mutiny began Wednesday when BDR members took dozens of their superiors hostage . It was the second day of BDR Week , when army officers and troop members from various BDR outposts along the border were in the capital for celebrations . The New Nation reported that the mutinous border guards surrendered their weapons on Thursday after the government declared an amnesty . The rebellion was spurred by years of discontent among the ranks of the BDR troops . Recruits complained their army superiors dismissed their appeals for more pay , subsidized food and opportunities to participate in U.N. peacekeeping operations . Bangladesh and its South Asian neighbors contribute the most troops to U.N. operations and the pay is far greater than the meager salary the jawans -- as the BDR troops are called -- make .	Bangladeshi army vows to punish participants in this week 's bloody mutiny So far , 88 bodies reportedly recovered from mass graves in outskirts of Dhaka At least 22 bodies found in river after rebelling troops dumped them down sewer More than 160 were inside Bangladesh Rifles headquarters when mutiny erupted
Washington  CNN  -- Ted Cruz appears to have played a key role in the emergency border bill falling apart in the House . Less than 24 hours before GOP leaders pulled a vote on Thursday on the $ 659 million emergency measure to address the crisis provoked by a surge of migrant youth from Central America , the arch-conservative Republican senator had lobbied House allies to scrap it unless it included a provision to toughen deportation policy . Support for the bill as written was already tenuous at best , but Cruz held sway , for the moment anyway . Negotiations were scheduled to run into Thursday night with a GOP meeting set for Friday morning to discuss next steps . Still , the meddling complicated an already arduous process in both the House and the Senate of marshaling support to help thousands minors , many unaccompanied and still stuck in a legal limbo that is stressing immigration services . Ground zero for the crisis is the Rio Grande crossing in Cruz 's home state of Texas . Has his reasons Cruz had his reasons and it was n't the first time he 's figuratively crossed the Capitol to buck Republican leaders to make his case to conservative members . The move that heightened legislative uncertainty most likely leaves President Barack Obama able to throw pretty sharp darts at House Republicans . Obama 's sure to blame them for doing nothing about the border crisis as Congress stops work for a month-long summer recess , likely leaving him to use his executive powers to do what he can in the meantime . Even though getting a bitterly divided Congress to agree on a common approach on the border crisis in a midterm election year was a long shot from the start , it appears lawmakers in both parties wo n't even have the political cover as they arrive home of having voted for or against something in their own chamber . "  The Obama White House should put Ted Cruz on the payroll , " Republican Rep. Peter King of New York quipped to the Washington Post following Cruz 's latest foray into House affairs . What was he after anyway ? Cruz , a tea party star who may have presidential ambitions , met with House allies on Wednesday night in is office where pizza was served . His office was n't saying much about it . But others who were there said he pushed them hard for a provision that would bar the Obama administration from expanding a policy that prevents deportation of immigrants brought to the United States illegally as children . He urged them to oppose the emergency border bill backed by Speaker John Boehner and his lieutenants unless it defunded that policy . Cruz likens it to amnesty even though it does not convey legal status . California GOP Rep. Devin Nunes said Cruz 's intervention was "  not helpful . " "  It 's kind of shocking to me that some of our members are willing to turn their voting cards over to the Senate or to outside groups , " Nunes said of those following Cruz ' lead . But Rep. Steve King , an Iowa Republican who attended the dinner meeting with Cruz , said the attendees did not make a pact on the House bill and denied that he twisted any arms to kill it , as Republican leadership aides have claimed . "  I do n't think that would be accurate , " he told CNN Senior Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash . "  Ted 's a listener . " Remember the shutdown The scenario on Thursday conjured up memories of last fall , when Cruz led the charge against funding Obamacare that helped draw Congress into a government shutdown . At the time , Cruz rallied tea party allies in the House to join his dogged opposition to Obama 's signature health law , which remains a partisan political flashpoint . Instead of working for compromise in the days before the shutdown , Cruz took to the Senate floor for 21 hours to push against Obamacare . The shutdown lasted 16 days . Boehner and other Republicans admitted the tactic was a mistake and some , like Sen. John McCain , called it futile . "  It was a fool 's errand to start with . It was never going to succeed , " McCain said then on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Cruz placed the blame squarely on Democrats and the White House and denied his role in provoking the shutdown , despite being branded by Democrats and even some Republicans as the architect of the standoff . And then there was Cruz and the debt ceiling . And the debt ceiling Just months later , Cruz again angered fellow Republicans by blocking a vote to raise the nation 's borrowing authority so it could pay its bills . Republicans quickly scuttled Cruz 's filibuster attempt , which would have forced at least 60 senators to vote in favor of raising the debt limit to avoid a U.S. debt default . That would have forced some Republicans into the awkward position of voting against the measure and being seen as responsible for another shutdown or voting for it and hurting their standing with conservatives . That procedural move provoked a contentious exchange between Cruz and his GOP colleagues as he accused the Republican leadership of "  trickery . " Cautious on primaries Cruz has since cautiously waded into primary politics this election cycle by linking up -- often quietly -- with conservative groups that are backing challengers and opposing establishment incumbents in several Senate primaries . Cruz appeared in a Senate Conservatives Fund ad backing a tea party-backed candidate vying for an open Oklahoma Senate seat in June . And that group has poured millions of dollars supporting challenges to Republican incumbents , including state Sen. Chris McDaniel 's contentious challenge to veteran Sen. Thad Cochran and Matt Bevin 's failed battle against Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell . Cruz also penned a fundraising appeal for the Madison Project , a PAC that set its sights on dethroning establishment figures ranging from Cochran to McConnell to Kansas Sen. Pat Roberts . CNN 's Dana Bash and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	Cruz opposed House GOP leaders ' border bill that was pulled from floor The Texas senator wanted conservatives to change Obama immigration policy Cruz angered his fellow Republicans with Obamacare push that many blame for shutdown He has expressed his support for some anti-establishment candidates in the primaries
WIRED  -- Apple has scheduled a company-only Wednesday memorial service for former CEO and co-founder Steve Jobs , who passed away two weeks ago . Employees at Apple 's Cupertino campus will attend in person , and various retail stores will close for at least an hour in order for employees to view a live broadcast of the service . In an email to employees , CEO Tim Cook said that the memorial is being held "  to take time to remember the incredible things Steve achieved in his life and the many ways he made our world a better place . " The memorial will be held at an outdoor amphitheater at Apple 's headquarters , and could last from one to three hours . Apple Stores rarely close during operating hours . Such partial closures normally occur only to accommodate major product launches . Jobs passed away on October 5 at the age of 56 due to complications relating to pancreatic cancer . Makeshift memorials were erected at Apple 's headquarters , as well as at Apple Stores around the world , to celebrate and honor the life of Apple 's longtime CEO . A private funeral was held October 7 , followed by a larger memorial service attended by coworkers , friends and a number of industry leaders . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	The memorial will be held at an outdoor amphitheater at Apple 's headquarters Jobs passed away at the age of 56 due to complications with pancreatic cancer Various retail stores will close for at least an hour for employees to view the service
Fanned by scorching summer winds that feel like they 're directed from a giant hair dryer , firefighters variously describe the sound of an Australian bush fire as somewhere between a freight train and a jet engine just before take-off . Add to the mix boiling apocalyptic smoke clouds , desperate homeowners caught between fleeing or fighting the fire and sheets of fan-blasted flame that carpet whole stretches of country road , and it is little wonder that residents and firefighters regard bush fires with something approaching awe of the supernatural . "  If Steven Spielberg had come up with it as a special effect , you would n't have believed it , " one resident of the south coast town of Huskisson told me in the wake of devastating Christmas bushfires of 2001 . "  At first you could only see a bright orange glow through the thick , white smoke and then , suddenly , there were flames 100 feet high . "  They arched right over the road and set the trees alight behind my house . They were burning like candles . " The flames , almost freakishly , left his home unscathed . Unpredictable and capricious , bush fires are an erratic phenomenon -- houses burn but kitchen tables are left intact , garages burn to the ground leaving cars inside untouched . For Andrew Sullivan , however , head of the Bushfire Dynamics and Application Group at the Australian science unit CSIRO , the explanations for bush fire behavior are more the stuff of science than science fiction . "  Quite often what you get reported in the media are firefighters who are extremely stressed trying to put into words things they 've witnessed , and interpreted by journalists who are keen to elaborate on the ` magic ' of the situation , " Sullivan told CNN . "  The thing to understand about fires , particularly landscape fires such as bush fires , is that they do follow physical processes ... where a fire appears to burn some houses and not others , there is a reason for that and that was because there was less fuel or a disconnection in the fuel . " He said after the fact , ordinary explanations can often come to light . "  While seeing one house standing in a row of burnt houses may look surprising , when the fire was actually burning you learn sometime later there was someone there to put the fire out , " Sullivan said . "  There are some very pedestrian explanations for what could be construed as supernatural events . " He said what is unique to Australian bush fires -- as against wildfires in the U.S. or forest fires in Europe -- was their ability to throw "  spot fires : " that is , carry embers on the wind and start fresh fires at a massive distance from the fire front . "  The longest distance that an Australian bushfire can ` spot ' is about 30 kilometers , " Sullivan explained , adding that it was one of the primary reasons that fighting fires in Australia is so difficult . "  Spot fires are the result of burning debris lofted in the convection column of a fire being transported up to a great height , falling out of the convection column and transported downwind . "  There 's a great potential for them to start new fires -- it allows bush fires to overcome breaks in fuel and topography . Spot fires can jump rivers or ridges -- the fire throws spots over the break , those spots coalesce and form a new fire and off it goes . " He said one of the phenomena that his unit was studying was the ability for fires to restart -- known as "  escaped fires " -- in some cases days after firefighters believe they 've been extinguished . "  To all intents and purposes it looks like the fire has gone out but when there 's a change of wind direction , there 's always residual heat in the char fuel , " he said . "  One of the biggest issues firefighters face is major changes in wind direction . One of the biggest causes of bush fires in Australia are ` escaped ' fires . " He said the burnt fuel can sometimes retain heat for long periods -- even without oxygen -- and has many of the qualities of peat fires , which burn underground for months . "  The ability to black out a fire edge takes an awful lot of effort and an awful lot of water because you 've got this charring process that can retain residual heat for a long time , and that charring process is anaerobic -- it does n't need oxygen . " While firebreaks -- meeting the fire with a countervailing controlled fire running in the opposite direction -- are one solution , Sullivan says old fashioned vigilance is the only solution to Australia 's perennial bushfire seasons . "  You need to keep an eye on an area that was previously thought to have been put out , " he said . With the pattern of bad fire weather recurring during the fire season , he said new fires are sparked by old fires with depressing regularity . "  During this fire season it happens twice a week -- every Thursday and Sunday it just flares up again . "	Unpredictable and capricious , Australia 's bush fires are an erratic phenomenon Australia 's science unit CSIRO says bush fires are unique in their ability to throw ` spot fires ' Spot fires can sometimes flare up as far as 30km away from the main fire front Escaped fires are fires that flare up again once the original blaze was thought to have been extinguished
Leading international soccer player Mario Balotelli has had enough -- the AC Milan striker has vowed to walk off the pitch next time he is racially abused at a football game . Balotelli , who was subjected to racist chanting during Sunday 's Italian league game against Roma , has told CNN in an exclusive interview that he came close to leaving the field following the abuse at AC Milan 's San Siro stadium in a match that finished 0-0 . The 22-year-old put his fingers to his lips in front of the visiting supporters ' section as a section of fans directed "  monkey chants " at him and teammate Kevin Prince-Boateng . "  I always said that if it  racism  happened in the stadium I will just do like ` nobody says nothing and I do n't care , ' " Balotelli told CNN . "  But this time I think I 've changed my mind a little bit . If it 's going to happen one more time , then I 'm going to leave the pitch because it 's so stupid . " The abuse led to the game being halted for two minutes as the stadium 's PA announcer warned the Roma supporters to end the abuse or the match would be stopped . Balotelli is not the first player from AC Milan -- one of Europe 's top clubs , having won 18 national titles and seven continental crowns -- -- to face racist abuse this season . In January , Boateng did walk off the pitch after being racially abused during a friendly against Pro Patria . That action prompted governing bodies FIFA and UEFA to rethink the way clubs and players are punished if they are found guilty of racist abuse . Balotelli revealed that his teammate Boateng -- who was a guest speaker at the United Nation 's International Day for the Elimination of Racial Discrimination in March -- persuaded him not to leave the field of play on Sunday . "  I spoke with Prince , " added Balotelli . "  I was about to leave the pitch on Sunday , but they thought I wanted to leave because we had some difficulty with the game and then we are going to win 3-0 . "  I said ` no , it 's better we play and I will talk , ' that 's it . "  But if it was n't for this reason , then I was going to leave the pitch on Sunday . " On Monday Roma was fined $ 65,000 by the Italian Football Federation  FIGC  -- a punishment that drew sharp criticism from FIFA president Sepp Blatter "  What is $ 65,000 for such an incident ? I 'm not happy and I will call the Italian Federation , " the head of football 's world governing body told the FIFA website . "  That 's not a way to deal with such matters . " Throughout the season Italian football has been plagued by racist incidents as the country struggles to deal with the problem . Only last month , Inter Milan was fined around $ 60,000 by European governing body UEFA after its fans were found guilty of "  improper conduct " after racist chants were directed at Tottenham 's Togolese striker Emmanuel Adebayor . In February , Roma 's fierce city rival , Lazio , received its fourth UEFA charge of the season for racist behavior with the club accruing fines of up to $ 300,000 Mancini 's sacking no surprise for Balotelli "  Family 's little black boy " This is not the first time Balotelli has suffered racist abuse . The striker was targeted by fans of his former club -- Inter Milan -- in a Serie A game after he joined Milan in a $ 30 million deal from Manchester City in January . Inter was fined $ 65,500 by the FIGC following the incidents while the player was also hit with a $ 13,000 fine for aiming a gesture at fans as he left the field at the full time whistle . Balotelli played for Inter between 2006 and 2010 . The 22-year-old was also subjected to racist abuse while on international duty with Italy -- Croatia fans were found guilty of throwing bananas at the forward during the 2012 European Championship Finals . There was also embarrassment for Milan in February when the club 's vice president Paulo Berlusconi , the younger brother of former prime minster and team owner Silvio Berlusconi , was caught on camera referring to Balotelli 's arrival by saying : "  OK , we are all off to see the family 's little black boy . "  He 's a crazy head . All the young ladies are invited as well -- you can even have a chance to meet the president  Silvio Berlusconi  . " The video , which was featured on the website of Italian Newspaper La Repubblica , was condemned by anti-racism campaigners . Milan have won the Italian title 18 times and the European Cup  now known as the Champions League  seven times .	Mario Balotelli says he will walk off the pitch next time he is racially abused AC Milan forward subjected to racist chanting during league game against Roma Roma was fined $ 65,000 over the incident Level of punishment drew sharp criticism from FIFA president Sepp Blatter
CNN  -- Watch a movie from acclaimed Japanese animators Studio Ghibli , and you might see a boy turn into a flying dragon , a deer morph into a monstrous god , or a fish transform into a young girl . But with the retirement last year of Hayao Miyazaki , the studio 's legendary co-founder , signs suggest the venerable and inimitable company is headed for a transformation of its own . In a Japanese TV interview last Friday , Ghibli co-founder Toshio Suzuki said the firm needed to "  think about its future , " and would be "  changing the way we make  animation  . " He also speculated that Miyazaki might "  make something again , " though it might be a no more than a short film for the Studio Ghibli museum . Suzuki 's comments followed his own remarks from early last week , when he said Studio Ghibli would take a "  brief break , " leading to panicked online speculation that the studio was about to close . A Ghibli representative told CNN the speculation was untrue , saying "  Studio Ghibli has decided nothing officially for the future of the studio . " Yet after concluding nearly three decades with Miyazaki at the helm , the fate of the company suddenly looks uncertain . The secret to Ghibli 's longevity The studio has been producing hand-drawn animated films for decades , sticking to old-school , painstaking frame-by-frame methods even as other studios have long embraced computer-aided animation and CGI . Every one of Studio Ghibli 's hits -- from "  My Neighbor Totoro "  1988  to "  The Wind Rises "  2013  features a signature artistic style -- delicately rendered characters , exquisitely crafted environments , and an effortless sensation of movement . Anime expert Helen McCarthy says Ghibli has been able to perfect its hand-drawn tradition because it has employed the same animators for a very long time -- unlike many other studios , which rely on per-project contracts and short-term piecework . "  This means Ghibli can be sure of a consistent quality of artistry and craftsmanship , " she said . But as Ghibli 's staff ages , the firm must figure out how to carry on with younger talent . McCarthy says the Japanese studio has focused for decades on "  the personal visions of two remarkable directors , " Hayao Miyazaki and Isao Takahata -- both now in their 70s . "  Studio Ghibli  is like a great violin , a Stradivarius maybe , in the hands of two great musicians . But when those musicians retire it has to be passed on to new players or else falls silent , because its structure is expensive to maintain . " What 's next ? The big question : Can anybody succeed Hayao Miyazaki ? "  Studio Ghibli has young creators , Goro Miyazaki and Hiromasa Yonebayashi , " Studio Ghibli 's representative told CNN . "  They are continuing to work for the studio . " But the films of Goro Miyazaki , -- Hayao Miyazaki 's 47-year-old son -- and Yonebayashi , 41 , have yet to achieve anywhere the success of the elder Miyazaki 's work . Hayao Miyazaki 's 2001 epic , "  Spirited Away , " grossed a record-breaking $ 274 million worldwide and took home the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature . In 2013 , Miyazaki 's swansong "  The Wind Rises , " made over $ 117 million . By contrast , the studio 's newest film , "  When Marnie Was There , " directed by Yonebayashi , is only expected to make $ 36 million . Goro Miyazaki 's 2013 "  From Up on Poppy Hill " made about $ 61 million . That 's why the studio must now perform a sober self re-evaluation after enjoying years of steady success . "  We wanted to make a dream company , " said Suzuki . "  We were able to realize  that dream  to some extent and we 're very happy about that . But now we 're at a point where we 've got to think about what we 'll do next . " Should fans be worried ? McCarthy says Ghibli 's tradition of hand-drawn animation should survive , as long as audiences "  accept the high costs and the demands it places on the workers involved . " "  Art is viable as long as people are willing to make it and buy it . " CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	Studio Ghibli co-founder : Firm needs to "  think about its future " Retirement of legendary director Hayao Miyazaki leaves future in doubt Expert : Ghibli must figure out how to carry on with younger talent
Budget Travel  -- It began by accident . My girlfriend , Ronni , and her twin sister , Marina , rented a documentary on panda bears . We all melted . Then we went online and found videos of tourists , somewhere in China , embracing pandas . One showed a gaggle of cubs eagerly descending a slide in what looked like panda day care . "  We have to find this place , " Ronni said , eyes lighting up . Hugging baby pandas costs about $ 130 and the pandas are even cuter in person than you would imagine A friend of a friend had recently gone to China on a botanical excursion , and I could see the wheels turning in Ronni 's and Marina 's heads . Soon enough , we had tickets and immunization appointments . Much in the same way you might say , "  Hey , let 's go to a movie , " we made plans to cross the Pacific . We had no basis to believe that meeting pandas was possible for ordinary people . We consulted guidebooks and online travel forums , and our best bet appeared to be a facility for research and visitors at the Wolong Nature Reserve , about five hours away from Chengdu in Sichuan province . Because it was difficult to reach , we figured it must be more rewarding . Once in Hong Kong , I contracted a fixer on the mainland to help sort everything out . His name was Huang , and he 'd been to Wolong earlier that year with National Geographic . Ever since Empress Wu Zetian sent a pair of panda bears to the Japanese emperor around A.D. 700 , China 's public face has been represented by the furry goodwill ambassadors , who even forced a smile from Richard Nixon . Today , we noticed upon arrival in Shanghai , you do n't see dour Mao nearly as much as Jingjing , the flower-crowned cartoon panda that 's one of the Beijing 2008 Olympic mascots , and just the first in the parade of pandas that adorn China 's storefronts , advertising , clothing , and vibrant cell-phone-charm industry . In Chengdu , we were greeted at the airport by a 40-foot column topped with a giant bronze panda . On our way into the city , we also could n't help but notice that the lampposts , rickshaws , and even highway overpasses were festooned or stenciled or otherwise decorated with pandas . But Chengdu was just a transit point for our trek along the Min and Pitiao Rivers to the Wolong Nature Reserve . We hired a driver , part of a fairly dodgy tour we 'd found last-minute on the Internet . All road travel in China happens frenetically -- the constant , aggressive brinksmanship of millions of shoddy minivans with toy-like wheels . We left for Wolong at dusk , ascending steep gorges that sometimes disappeared into the mist , on roads that sometimes disappeared altogether . There 's no real town , and not many restaurants , other than the shabby ones at the Wolong Hotel and the Panda Inn . The following day , we awoke to a crisp and cool autumn day , with the sound of the river filling the narrow valley . This is the panda 's native habitat , a subalpine arboreal wonderland that makes you understand Chinese fairy tales . The China Conservation and Research Center for the Giant Panda has marked off large enclosures for its several dozen pandas . Last summer , the notoriously fickle pandas produced 18 cubs . We could see some of them through the glass of the nursery . The newest born were tiny pink nubs . Those slightly older were fed with bottles . The cubs we had seen online were from the previous summer . A little over a year old , all 16 played together in a single enclosure next to the nursery . Three Japanese girls entered the day-care center and frolicked among the cubs . "  How can we do that ? " I asked Tang , one of the keepers . He took us to an office , where we discovered advance work to arrange a special panda visit is unnecessary . To hug baby pandas , all you have to do is show up and pay the Wolong Panda Club $ 130 per person . That 's nothing for five minutes of nirvana . In the flesh , the cubs were so unbelievably cute that they seemed artificial . With their round heads , big eyes , and rolling gait , they looked and acted like Jim Henson creations . Touching one felt like meeting a unicorn . The cubs moved like puppies in a curious , playful swarm . They did n't lick so much as nuzzle . And grab : To our delight , the desire for hugging was mutual , and what began as a careful encounter quickly devolved into fuzzy mayhem as the cubs attached themselves to our arms and legs . At one point , Ronni was dragged to the ground by a clutch of cubs , and she beamed beatifically . "  I ca n't believe this is happening , " she said as she freed herself , only to be taken down again . After the staff pulled the cubs off us , we stood around in a daze . Stepping back outside of the panda pen , Ronni stopped grinning long enough to say , "  I want to do that again . " Round-trip airfare between Chengdu and Beijing , Hong Kong , or Shanghai runs $ 400 to $ 680 on Dragonair or Air China . E-mail to a friend Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Wolong Panda Club lets visitors hug pandas for $ 130 fee The pandas will hug you back Last year , pandas at the country 's breeding center had 18 cubs
CNN  Marine life seen swimming in unusual places . Water temperatures warmer than they should be . No snow where there should be feet of it . Some scientists are saying "  The Blob " could be playing a factor . As monikers go , the blob does n't sound very worrisome . But if you 're a salmon fisherman in Washington or a California resident hoping to see the end of the drought , the blob could become an enemy of top concern . A University of Washington climate scientist and his associates have been studying the blob -- a huge area of unusually warm water in the Pacific -- for months . "  In the fall of 2013 and early 2014 we started to notice a big , almost circular mass of water that just did n't cool off as much as it usually did , so by spring of 2014 it was warmer than we had ever seen it for that time of year , " said Nick Bond , who works at the Joint Institute for the Study of the Atmosphere and Ocean in Seattle , Washington . Bond , who gave the blob its name , said it was 1,000 miles long , 1,000 miles wide and 100 yards deep in 2014 -- and it has grown this year . And it 's not the only one ; there are two others that emerged in 2014 , Nate Mantua of the Southwest Fisheries Science Center -- part of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  NOAA  -- said in September . One is in the Bering Sea and the other is off the coast of Southern California . Waters in the blob have been warmer by about 5.5 degrees , a significant rise . A recent set of studies published in Geophysical Research Letters by Bond 's group points to a high-pressure ridge over the West Coast that has calmed ocean waters for two winters . The result was more heat staying in the water because storms did n't kick up and help cool the surface water . "  The warmer temperatures we see now are n't due to more heating , but less winter cooling , " a recent news release from the University of Washington announcing the studies said . The university has worked with NOAA on the research . According to New Scientist magazine , some marine species are exploring the warmer waters , leading some fish to migrate hundreds of miles from their normal habitats . The magazine cited fisherman and wildlife officials in Alaska who have seen skipjack tuna and thresher sharks . Pygmy killer whales have been spotted off the coast of Washington . "  I 've never seen some of these species here before , " Bill Peterson of the Northwest Fisheries Science Center in Seattle told the New Scientist . And he was worried about the adult Pacific salmon that normally feed on tiny crustaceans and other food sources that are not around in the same numbers off the coast of the Pacific Northwest . "  They had nothing to eat , " he told the magazine of last year 's conditions in the blob . It appears that food has moved to cooler waters . In January , Bond told the Chinook Observer in Long Beach , Washington , that his concern is for very young salmon that are still upstream . "  In particular , the year class that would be going to sea next spring , " he said . NOAA said in a news release last month that California sea lion pups have been found extremely underweight and dying , possibly because of an ocean with fewer things to eat . "  We have been seeing emaciated or dehydrated sea lions show up on beaches , " Justin Greenman , assistant stranding coordinator for NOAA on the West Coast , told CNN . The numbers are overwhelming facilities that care for the stranded sea lions , most of whom are pups , local officials said . Record number of sea lion pups stranded in California The blob also is affecting life on land . For the past few years , that persistent ridge of high pressure has kept the West dry and warm , exacerbating the drought in California , Oregon and Washington . One of the primary problems is small snow accumulation in the mountains . In early April , officials measured the snowpack in California at a time when it should be the highest . This year it hit an all-time low at 1.4 inches of water content in the snow , just 5 % of the annual average . The previous low for April 1 had been 25 % in 1977 and 2014 .  pdf Gov. Jerry Brown , in announcing water restrictions the same day , stood on a patch of dry , brown grass in the Sierra Nevada mountains that is usually blanketed by up to 5 feet of snow . Low California snowpack ushers mandatory water restrictions The heat has caused rising air , which can lead to conditions that produce more thunderstorms . With warmer air in California , areas at higher elevations that usually see snow have seen rain instead . That has led to the lower snowpack and helped compound the drought . The storms also mean more lightning and more wildfires . And the blob affects people on other areas of the country . That same persistent jet stream pattern has allowed cold air to spill into much of the Midwest and East . This stuck pattern has led to the record cold and snow in the Midwest and Northeast over the last two seasons with record snows we have seen in Boston and Detroit , and the most snow we have seen in decades for cities such as Chicago . The weather pattern is confusing the experts . There are some that think it might be a Pacific Decadal Oscillation , a long-lasting El Nino-like pattern in the Pacific . Dennis Hartmann , a professor of atmospheric science at the University of Washington , does n't believe the answer is clear . "  I do n't think we know ... " he said in the university 's news release . "  Maybe it will go away quickly and we wo n't talk about it anymore , but if it persists for a third year , then we 'll know something really unusual is going on . " CNN 's Sam Stringer contributed to this report .	Waters in a huge area of the Pacific are running 5.5 degrees warmer than normal Marine life that likes cooler water has moved and others that like warm seas are seen in new places "  The Blob " might be having an effect on rain and snow -- and the West Coast drought
CNN  -- For most Americans , mosquitoes are pests whose bites leave behind itchy bumps . But in other parts of the world , mosquitoes carry a disease called malaria that kills more than a million people each year . Mosquitoes , especially those in Sub-Saharan Africa , may transmit malaria to humans . A new malaria vaccine that 's about to begin human clinical trials is dependent on mosquitoes -- a whole lot of them . Bioengineers have been growing millions of mosquitoes in a sterile environment , letting them feed on malaria-infected blood , irradiating the bugs , extracting the disease-causing parasites and storing them for use in vaccines . The announcement of the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for clinical trials comes just days before World Malaria Day , which is Saturday . Check out the World Health Organization 's site about malaria goals worldwide The vaccine is unique among other candidates in that it uses the entire parasite and not just parts of it , said Dr. Stephen Hoffman , chief executive and scientific officer at Sanaria Inc. , the Maryland-based biotechnology firm developing the vaccine . This technique was first shown to be effective in the 1970s , but the technology did n't exist to mass-produce it for the millions of people who need it , said Dr. Kirsten Lyke , principal investigator in the clinical trial site at the University of Maryland School of Medicine . At that time , people were immunized by being bitten by the irradiated mosquitoes . "  That is the only effective vaccine that anyone has ever really developed that works and does complete protection , " said John Dame , chair of Infectious Diseases and Pathology at the University of Florida , who is not involved with the Sanaria trials . The vaccine takes the same basic approach as standard vaccines in use for diseases such as measles and polio . In those vaccines against viruses , weakened bacteria is injected , creating an immune response without causing illness . In the Sanaria vaccine , the body recognizes the malaria parasite as a foreign material , Lyke said . It goes to the liver , where a lot of the immune response is generated , but does not develop into a disease because the mosquito was irradiated , she said . Clinical trials will begin in May , Hoffman said , and will include 80 immunized individuals and 24 controls . About 3,000 mosquitoes were used to produce the vaccines for the first clinical trials , he said . If these trials are successful , researchers will initiate trials on adults in Africa , and then children . Among other vaccines in clinical trials currently , the one that is furthest along is RTS , S , developed by GlaxoSmithKline PLC. . The company announced in December that this vaccine , based on a recombinant protein that uses part of the malaria parasite , was safely administered to African infants , with an efficacy of 65 percent in a three-month follow-up . Both the Sanaria and the GlaxoSmithKline projects receive support from the PATH Malaria Vaccine Initiative , a program at the nonprofit PATH established through an initial grant from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation . Dame , who used to be involved with the GlaxoSmithKline vaccine , said he would guess the Sanaria vaccine will be more effective , but clinical trials will provide more information . He also noted that mass distribution to developing countries would require appropriate infrastructure , and may be more difficult depending on how long the immunization lasts . Each year , 350 million to 500 million cases of malaria occur worldwide , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Most people who die from the disease are young children in Africa south of the Sahara . Symptoms of malaria include fever , chills and flu-like illness , the CDC said . Although preventive measures exist , such as insecticide-treated nets and medications , there is no licensed vaccine on the market . Moreover , effective treatments are largely too expensive for the people who need them in poor countries . The parasite has become resistant to cheaper treatments , Lyke said . "  Individuals living on $ 1 or $ 2 a day ca n't even afford $ 8 medication , " Lyke said . The U.S. military also has a keen interest in a malaria vaccine . The antimalaria drugs available have side effects such as stomach aches , said Dr. Tom Richie , director of the Navy component of the U.S. military malaria vaccine program , who provides oversight to the clinical trials . "  Malaria has been one of the most significant infectious threats to our military personnel when we deploy to tropical areas , " Richie said . The disease was the leading cause of casualties in the South Pacific theater during World War II , and also a major problem in the Vietnam War , he said . There are five species of the malaria parasite known to infect humans . One called Plasmodium falciparum causes the vast majority of cases . Malaria was eliminated in the United States in 1951 , but there are still cases in the country , mostly from people who acquired it in high-risk countries . In 2002 , there were 1,337 cases of malaria in the U.S. , and all but five had been acquired abroad . An international team at the Malaria Atlas Project recently published what researchers say is the most comprehensive map ever illustrating global malaria risk . Researchers told CNN the map offers hope that it is possible to eradicate the disease in many parts of the world . Hoffman , former head of a U.S. Navy malaria vaccine team , started the Sanaria effort himself in the breakfast room of his house in 2003 . The company now has a more official corporate headquarters in Rockville , Maryland . "  I thought that the world needed a malaria vaccine , there was no question this was the best way to make one , " he said .	Sanaria Inc. is developing a malaria vaccine that uses the whole parasite Concept is akin to live virus vaccines , such as those for polio and measles The method had been tried in the 1970s but was n't feasible on mass scale The most advanced malaria vaccine , by GlaxoSmithKline , has been tested in Africa
CNN Student News  -- February 24 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day How would you prepare to produce a video interview with college students about campus life ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . Who was the first American to orbit the earth 50 years ago this week ? * * 2 . In what country did scientists reportedly use 30,000-year-old seeds to revive an ancient plant species ? * * 3 . In what U.S. state was a Republican presidential debate held on Wednesday night ? * * 4 . Inspectors from what global agency traveled to Iran to discuss that nation 's controversial nuclear program ? * * 5 . Oil prices surged after Iran announced that it would cut exports to Britain and what other European country ? * * 6 . Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. graduated from what historically black college ? * * 7 . What is the name of the Islamic holy book ? * * 8 . A 29-year-old Moroccan man has been charged with attempting to bomb what Washington , D.C. landmark ? * * 9 . How many presidential candidates are on the ballot in Yemen ? * * 10 . What nation has been promised a $ 172 billion bailout from other European countries ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- How would you design a movie poster for a Hollywood blockbuster you 'd never seen , filled with characters you knew nothing about and actors you 'd never heard of ? Would Jean-Claude Van Damme look like a surgical glove stuffed full of walnuts ? Would Cujo the killer dog look like a guilty spaniel that 'd devoured the cake at a child 's birthday party ? Would James Bond have the stunned expression of a man who had just received a large electricity bill ? If your only brief was to pack a crowd into a mobile African cinema hall , you might also want to add some incidental aliens shooting laser beams from their eyes . In Ghana -- where the Golden Age of movie posters during the 1980s and 1990s produced these lurid , vibrant and outlandish originals -- the movie poster may be a dying art form but it has since become big business . Western collectors now pay thousands for prime examples of the genre and the artists who once churned out the posters to fill Ghana 's dilapidated cinema clubs are finding a new lease of life reproducing them for art aficionados . Jeaurs Oka Afutu , 39 , began painting the posters when he was 14 years old but now works from his home in Accra , Ghana , to produce them for art dealers , selling them for between $ 75 and $ 100 apiece . Currently putting the finishing touches on a canvas cut from a flour sack , he 's producing a distinctively Ghanaian take on the biopic "  Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom . " "  Action and war works a lot ... and women too : both actually , " Afutu told CNN , showing that Hollywood 's time-honored recipe of sex and violence is an international language . "  It all depends on what the audience prefers . " Read more : Keeping Africa 's star of democracy shining When he produced these originals for Ghana 's cinema clubs -- often no more than rows of seats in the open air around a gas-powered generator and a TV set with a VCR -- his job was to draw crowds . To do this , he applied his imagination to the canvas , producing scenes that did n't exist in the original film ; placing dripping knives in the hands of zombie assassins or guns at the ready for various heroes who had no weapons in the actual film . These surreal variations spiced up a whole generation of schlock-horror films that came out of Hong Kong , Hollywood , Bollywood , and its Nigerian equivalent Nollywood . As one critic remarked , the posters are often far better than the films . African art dealer Ernie Wolfe , who first noticed the movie posters in 1990 while researching Ghana 's phenomenon of fantasy coffins , said that despite the untutored style of the posters , the artists knew exactly what effect they wanted to create . "  They are definitely very , very good artists and they paint exactly what they want , " said Wolfe who has written two books on the genre "  Extreme Canvas " and "  Extreme Canvas 2 . " "  Having looked at hundreds of them , you become aware of their individual hand , their idiosyncrasies and their brush strokes . "  The ones that interest me the most are the ones before the tradition died in about 2000 . " Read more : Bamboo bikes turn around fortunes Ghana 's economic development -- combined with affordable technology that has brought home entertainment within the reach of many Ghanaians -- put paid to the movie poster cottage industry . While they 're still being made by some of the artists that produced them two decades ago , Wolfe explained , they 're now made as commodities for the art market . "  The best of the Golden Age movie posters -- from the '80s to the late '90s -- are the ones where they just completely went out into the land where there are no rules , " he said . "  It gave them an incredible freedom to be expressive . "  They made images that they knew would bring people in and no one was looking over their shoulder to tell them they could n't do anything . " The only restriction , he said , was the size of the canvases which fell strictly into two versions : one side of a 50kg flour bag or two sides stitched together . "  Apart from that , there were no limits . " He said the works also fall into the realm of art artifact where the evidence of their original purpose is also part of the narrative . "  The work patterns of their use ; having been nailed up by their corners and splattered by mud from passing buses also tell a rich story about how they were utilized , " Wolfe said . With rare vintage works fetching as much as $ 15,000 and Golden Age posters routinely going for between $ 1,500 and $ 3,000 , a market in fakes has emerged . Wolfe , however , remains sanguine . "  It 's possible to say they 're fakes but it 's also possible to say they 're a homage , " he said . While the commoditized versions are still artworks in their own right , Wolfe said they occupy a different zone to the stark immediacy of the originals . "  There 's a big difference between those works that were produced for them , Ghanaians , and the ones that are produced for us  collectors  . " CNN 's On the Road series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy	Hand-painted movie posters from '80 and '90s have become collectibles Originally painted to attract people to local cinema clubs in Ghana Most were painted on used flour sacks stitched together Original artists continue to produce imagined versions of current films to feed growing art market
CNN  -- The Gulf Coast Claims Facility "  is fully functioning and will begin to process claims for emergency payment , " a statement from the agency said on Monday , the same day BP reported having paid out $ 399 million in claims to date . The independent group , headed by attorney Kenneth Feinberg , who handled the 9/11 victims ' compensation fund , was established in June as part of an agreement between the Obama administration and BP to facilitate processing of the personal and business claims from those affected by the Gulf oil disaster stemming from the Deepwater Horizon explosion on April 20 . BP said last week that it was no longer accepting claims as the transition to the new entity was taking place . The oil giant , which said Monday that it has written 127,000 checks to pay $ 399 million in claims so far , will continue to handle claims put in by government entities . BP said Monday that 27,000 claimants who filed paperwork have not yet been paid . According to the Gulf Coast Claims Facility statement , claims previously filed with the BP Claims Process have been transitioned to the new claims facility for review , evaluation and determination . However , claimants will be required to file new forms with the Gulf Coast Claims Facility to receive payments . Feinberg , who now controls a $ 20 billion escrow account established by BP to compensate for damage , said in the statement , "  I want to make sure the people in the Gulf understand we will not let you go out of business or lose your home . The No. 1 priority of the GCCF is to assist the people in the Gulf . " He added , "  Now that the claim centers are open and ready for business , the goal will be to get the emergency six month payment checks out the door , within 48 hours for individuals , after receipt of the claim form and sufficient supporting documentation and no more than seven days for businesses , after receipt of claim form and supporting documentation , and help people on the path to rebuilding their lives . " To date , BP has funded $ 3 billion of the $ 20 billion total , ahead of its payment schedule . In a conference call Sunday , Feinberg said he plans to be more generous than any court would be in determining payments . However , he said if potential claimants do n't like the offer the Gulf Coast Claims Facility makes , and believe they can do better , they can file suit -- although he does n't advise it . "  It is not in your interest to tie up you and the courts in years of uncertain , protracted litigation when there is an alternative that has been created , " he said . Feinberg stresed on Sunday that his facility is independent of both the government and BP . Claimants can file online , by fax , by mail or in person . All 35 of BP 's claims offices will remain open , but will be staffed with newly trained workers with the goal of quickly and efficiently answering questions , Feinberg said . On Monday , Feinberg is scheduled to hold three town hall meetings in Mississippi . Each site is also supposed to have people from the fund to help Mississippians file their claims and answer specific questions . The meetings are scheduled for Bay St. Louis , Biloxi , and Pascagoula . Claimants can receive between one and six months ' compensation without waiving their right to sue , Feinberg said . Only those who file for and receive a lump-sum payment later in the year will waive their right to litigate . Feinberg said it is still being determined whether those people will be required to release just BP , or other potential defendants , from lawsuits . He said determining eligibility in some cases could be tricky . The farther a person or a business is from the Gulf , the less likely they are to be determined eligible . However , Feinberg said , proximity is only one factor that is being looked at . A shrimp processor located 100 miles inland that solely processes Gulf shrimp would be one example of a case where other factors come into play , he said . "  I do n't want to underestimate the importance of proximity to the Gulf , but we 'll have to be looking at the nature of your industry and how dependent you are on Gulf resources , " he said . "  I 'm going to have to draw some tough lines , but I 'm hoping I 'll be able to enjoy the benefit of saying , ` If I have n't found you eligible , no court will find you eligible . ' " BP has done a pretty good job of claims payment in some cases , but has not been very effective in processing business claims , he said . Under his purview , "  they may not always like their answer , but they 'll get their answer within seven days . " He said he anticipates "  a flood of early emergency claims " beginning Monday , but hopes the tide may be lessened by claimants ' ability to file and track their claim processing online . He said he plans to be transparent about budgets and payments , even his own compensation . A summary narrative on how adjusters will process claims has already been made public . Asked about Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum 's Friday letter to Feinberg criticizing the claims process under the Gulf Coast Claims Facility , Feinberg again emphasized that the program is voluntary . McCollum said the program appears to be less generous to Floridians than the BP claims process , but "  appearances are deceiving , and that is not the case , " Feinberg said . He encouraged potential claimants to "  test " the program and see how they will be treated . While Gulf Coast residents are applying for payments onshore , offshore BP has renewed "  fishing operations " on the sunken , crippled Macondo oil well , BP spokeswoman Catherine Hill said Monday . As a prelude to permanently shutting down the well , crews are trying to withdraw drill pipe hanging below the bottom of the blowout preventer and remove it from the well , so they can then remove the capping stack that 's kept oil from leaking since July 15 and replace the old blowout preventer with a new one . Retired Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen , the government 's point man in the region , said BP has determined there are three sections of drill pipe that need to be removed -- a main pipe and two shorter ones . The largest pipe is roughly 3,000 feet long . The government wants to preserve the removed pipe to use for study and possibly as evidence down the road . Development Driller II , the rig drilling a second relief well as a redundancy measure , is completing preparations for its blowout preventer to be used on the Macondo well , while the Development Driller III -- the rig drilling the relief well expected to intercept the main well -- is standing by until that 's done . Once the blowout preventer is replaced to mitigate the risk of pressure in the well , it will take about four days to drill through the relief well and intercept the main well , based on statements from Allen . From that point , it will take another few days to permanently seal the well with mud and cement from below in what 's called a "  bottom kill " procedure .	BP says it has paid out $ 399 million in claims to date BP is doing prep work to replace the blowout preventer on the damaged well The Gulf Coast Claims Facility process kicks off Monday Chief Kenneth Feinberg says he is operating independently and will be transparent and efficient
LONDON , England  CNN  -- So often it starts with just a provocative word , and in my case it was three ... "  Black and Blue " . A phrase more commonly used to describe bruising and pain had been used as the title of an autobiography by Chelsea 's first black footballer , Paul Canoville . Paul Canoville endured horrendous abuse in the 1980s as Chelsea 's first black footballer . I was sold on it even before I 'd opened the front cover , the book 's description hinted at an incredible story of a young footballer who had managed to fulfil his dreams , against all the odds . But Canoville 's dream was often a nightmare , he suffered horrendous abuse from both his own team 's supporters , as well as opposition fans , and it took him years to finally become accepted by "  his own . " This was back in 1982 -- and his experience was n't entirely unique . The few players who "  looked different " in the 1970s and 80s were regularly subjected to vile abuse from the stands , monkey chanting and the humiliation of being targeted by supporters throwing bananas and other pieces of fruit . I 'm fortunately too young to remember seeing any of this stuff at football grounds . By the time I started going regularly to games in London in the late 80s much of this had died down and now it 's very , very rare in the UK . Campaign groups like "  Kick It Out " have helped eradicate much of it at sporting arenas , where at the very least it is deemed socially unacceptable . But Canoville 's story was an eye-opening , jaw-dropping window into the past and I was keen to meet him . To sit with Paul in the seats at Chelsea 's Stamford Bridge ground and re-live his torment was a sobering assignment , but I was impressed with his strength and philosophy . He 's taken some hard knocks in his life , drug addiction and cancer to name but two , but he never let the bigots cool his passion for the game . Tragically , it was a serious knee injury that forced him out of football in 1987 . The fact that Paul is still an active campaigner against racism tells you something though -- there 's still work to be done . But whatever problems linger in the UK -- it 's nothing compared to continental Europe and beyond . Using Canoville as the cornerstone for our investigation , we looked at Spain and Italy ; two high-profile footballing nations , where it 's said that attempts to tackle racism are 30 years behind the UK . Why is that ? And has there been any serious attempts to deal with it ? Is enough being done to tackle racism in sport ? Have your say We talked to some of the biggest names in the European game Samuel Eto'o , Zinedine Zidane and the UEFA President Michel Platini to get their thoughts . Of course it 's not just football that suffers , earlier this year Formula One 's first black racing driver Lewis Hamilton was on the receiving end of racist abuse while testing in Spain . There was uproar in the British media , but for some reason the Spanish press seemed less excited . In some top-level , win-at-all-costs professional sports , it seems as though racism has almost become an acceptable barb with which to jibe your opponent . Increasingly , there are examples of racism within international cricket ; India and Australia have been the latest to clash . Sledging has always been cutting and personal , but it seems in some cases that a mark is being overstepped . Or is it all just a big misunderstanding ? We sent a reporter to the heartland of the game , India , to see if racism really is a problem and if so , to find out what is being done . How are children being raised in the game , and are insults -- of whatever nature -- considered acceptable to those who will one day represent their country on the international stage ? We have also looked at the situation in South Africa - a nation which has for so long struggled with racial tension -- to see whether steps to integrate blacks into historically white teams are working . Can quota systems ever work ? Or are they counter-productive , leaving everyone with a bad taste in the mouth ? Perhaps the rainbow nation can look towards the U.S. for inspiration ? For some , "  Negro " sporting leagues are still in living memory , but a glance at the NBA for example would suggest that integration has been successfully achieved . The dark past is never far away though -- only this year a golf commentator caused a furore by suggestion that Tiger Woods rivals should "  lynch him in a back alley . " Our investigation therefore covers four continents and many different sports , hearing from those that have suffered racism and those who have helped to tackle it . Can it ever be beaten , or merely suppressed ? Is sport a barometer of social attitudes or a platform to initiate wider change ? Are racist abusers in sport genuinely prejudiced or merely looking for an edge ? These are hard very questions to answer , but we hope to at least shed some light on the matter and get a debate going in our series , both on-air and online . I hope you find it is as stimulating to ponder as it was for us to produce .	CNN considers issues of racism in sport in a one-week special Series includes features on Paul Canoville , Chelsea 's first black footballer Football stars Samuel Eto'o , Zinedine Zidane tell us about their experiences Formula One , golf , cricket also come under spotlight
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A judge sentenced a rogue FBI agent to 40 years in prison on Thursday for the 1982 mob-related killing of a witness who was about to testify against Boston mob members , court officials said . Former FBI agent John Connolly "  crossed over to the dark side , " a judge said . Disgraced ex-FBI agent John Connolly Jr. "  crossed over to the dark side , " said Miami-Dade Circuit Court Judge Stanford Blake . The sentence will run consecutively to a 10-year racketeering sentence . Connolly , 68 , was convicted in November of second-degree murder in the death of businessman John Callahan , an executive with World Jai-Alai . Callahan 's bullet-riddled body was found in the trunk of a Cadillac parked at Miami International Airport . Connolly 's fall from celebrated mob-buster to paid gangland flunky captivated a South Florida courtroom for weeks . In testimony at his sentencing hearing last month , he denied having any role in Callahan 's death . "  It 's heartbreaking to hear what happened to your father and to your husband , " he told members of Callahan 's family . "  My heart is broken when I hear what you say . " He explained , in the face of vigorous cross-examination , that rubbing elbows with killers and gangsters and winning their confidence was part of his job . His attorney argued that Connolly did what the FBI wanted him to do , and now was being held responsible . Connolly did not testify at his trial . Prosecutors had asked that Connolly be given a life sentence , saying the 30-year minimum was not enough because Connolly abused his badge . In a Boston Globe interview published last month , however , Connolly vigorously denied being a corrupt agent . "  I did not commit these crimes I was charged with , " Connolly told the newspaper . "  I never sold my badge . I never took anybody 's money . I never caused anybody to be hurt , at least not knowingly , and I never would . " During his two-month trial , jurors heard that Connolly told his mob connections that Callahan , 45 , was a potential witness against them , setting him up for the gangland-style slaying . According to testimony , Connolly was absorbed by the very gangsters he was supposed to be targeting -- members of South Boston 's notorious Winter Hill gang . His story was said to be the inspiration for the character played by Matt Damon in the 2006 Martin Scorsese movie , "  The Departed . " Connolly 's tale was closely followed in New England , where he grew up in Boston 's "  Southie " neighborhood , the same area long dominated by the Winter Hill gang and its notorious leader , James "  Whitey " Bulger . Sought in 19 slayings , Bulger is the FBI 's second most-wanted fugitive . During the first two decades of his FBI career , Connolly won kudos in the bureau 's Boston office , cultivating informants against New England mobsters . Prosecutors said Connolly was corrupted by his two highest-ranking snitches : Bulger and Stephen "  The Rifleman " Flemmi . Connolly retired from the FBI in 1990 and later was indicted on federal racketeering and other charges stemming from his long relationship with Bulger and Flemmi . He was convicted of racketeering in 2002 and was serving a 10-year federal prison sentence when he was indicted in 2005 in the Callahan slaying . During testimony , jurors heard that Connolly was on the mob payroll , collecting $ 235,000 from Bulger and Flemmi while shielding his mob pals from prosecution and leaking the identities of informants . The prosecution 's star witnesses at the Miami trial were Flemmi , who is now in prison , and mob hit man John Martorano , who has admitted to 20 murders , served 12 years in prison and is now free . Callahan , who often socialized with gangsters , had asked the gang to execute Oklahoma businessman Roger Wheeler over a business dispute , according to testimony . Martorano killed Wheeler in 1981 on a golf course , shooting him once between the eyes , prosecutors said . After Connolly told Bulger and Flemmi that Callahan was going to implicate them in the slaying , Martorano was sent to do away with Callahan , prosecutors said . But one star witness did not testify -- the former FBI agent who inspired the 1997 film "  Donnie Brasco . " He refused to take the stand after the judge denied his request to testify anonymously .	NEW : Ex-FBI agent "  crossed over to the dark side , " judge says Sentence will run consecutively to previous 10-year racketeering sentence John Connolly Jr. has denied role in 1982 mob hit He was convicted of second-degree murder in slaying of gambling exec
CNN  -- Most Americans do n't want the United States to launch military strikes against the Syrian government . A recent ABC News/Washington Post poll says 59 % of the American people oppose such an intervention , while 36 % support it . Even more oppose supplying weapons to the Syrian rebels , with 70 % against and 27 % in favor . Many have welcomed President Barack Obama 's move to bring the decision before Congress as giving the issue the kind of national debate it deserves . And hearings this week may move the needle of public opinion to give the president more confidence that he has the backing of U.S. voters . But even if that does n't happen , the president needs to move ahead with the plan to punish the regime of Bashar al-Assad for the use of chemical weapons in an attack outside Damascus -- to degrade its ability to use such weapons of mass destruction in the future and to force its removal and replacement by opposition forces that we support . Such action does not have to involve U.S. boots on the ground . It should not involve putting U.S. lives at risk . But what it will require is a kind of leadership , clarity and commitment that has been sorely lacking from our Syria policy to date . While leadership often entails persuading others to follow before taking action , sometimes it requires taking action even when it is unpopular because it is the right thing to do . Opinion : Congress , support Obama on Syria In fact , setting foreign policy by opinion poll is among the most dangerous traps for a political leader . By nature voters are disinclined to take risks and to intervene in distant conflicts . Given the outcome of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars , you can hardly blame them . In addition , citizens , even earnest ones , are often reluctant -- and sometimes ill-equipped -- to weigh seriously how the outcome of such conflicts might affect America 's long-term national security interests . That is not a slam on those citizens . Often the issues involved are arcane , convoluted and mind-bending , even to so-called experts . Presidents need to take these things into consideration when evaluating just how much weight to give to public opinion . Furthermore , whereas presidents are elected by the people , they are sworn to do what they can not only to preserve , protect and defend the Constitution but also to execute the duties of their office . This means serving as commander in chief of the armed forces , guiding U.S. foreign policy and working with the tools given to them by elected representatives , such as the War Powers Act of 1973 , which grants them the authority to take military action without consulting with Congress if they deem it essential .  They have to consult Congress within 60 days . Although it is worth noting that presidents often undertake such action not by drawing on the power granted them under the act but by that conferred to them under Article II , Section 2 of the Constitution . That 's the section giving them the responsibility for being commander in chief . The critical issue is whether the national interests of the United States are at risk and must be protected . In the case of Syria , it is clear that the president must act . Opinion : Obama 's irony , McCain 's agony The administration has said al-Assad has used chemical weapons . This is an abuse of international law and norms that can not be allowed to stand , or it will send a message to other bad actors -- some of whom represent a direct threat to U.S. soldiers , private citizens and allies , as is the case in the Koreas , to choose one example .  Iran 's WMD threat to allies such as Israel , U.S. friends in the Gulf and U.S. military forces in the region is yet another .  Further , if the United States does not act after the president had rightly declared such action would be unacceptable , it would undermine deeply and perhaps irreparably our credibility in the Middle East and worldwide . Just as important , the Assad regime is an ally of Iran 's , seeking to advance Iranian power throughout the region and doing so with direct Iranian aid and weapons support . This is a threat to our allies , to regional stability and , by extension , to the global economy and vital energy supplies . Further , the deterioration in Syria has made the country a breeding ground for a new generation of extremists who might be empowered by an al-Assad defeat . We must be careful to place our support behind others , such as the Free Syrian Army , who are most likely to be sympathetic to our views . But we almost recognize that not stabilizing the Syrian crisis , simply ignoring it , will make the situation throughout the region much more dangerous . We must send a clear message chemical weapons use is unacceptable . And we must actively support the opposition with weapons so that they can defeat al-Assad . Even if the regime that replaces him is hostile to us , it is unlikely to pose the kind of regional threat that one supported by Iran does . Risks are involved . Outcomes may not be exactly what we seek . Action may be dangerous and unpopular , but inaction is certain to make the situation worse and the threats to our interests grow . Opinion : GOP should n't bail out Obama 's floundering foreign policy The president deserves credit for trying to make this case to the American people . But it is time for him to act whether there is broad support for him or not . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	David Rothkopf : Polls say Americans averse to Syria strike and welcome hearings He says basing foreign policy on polls dangerous for a leader who must protect U.S. interests He says citizens often do n't see implications of inaction Rothkopf : Obama has authority and cause to act whether there is broad support for him or not
In February , Esquire magazine published a lengthy profile of "  The Man Who Killed Osama bin Laden . " The story did not identify the killer by his real name , referring to him only as "  the Shooter . " The Shooter told Esquire he encountered al Qaeda 's leader face-to-face in the top-floor bedroom of the compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , where he 'd been hiding for more than five years . The Shooter said the al Qaeda leader was standing up and had a gun "  within reach " and it was only then that the Shooter fired two shots into bin Laden 's forehead , killing him . That account was in conflict with the narrative from another raid participant in a wildly successful book , "  No Easy Day . " Now , another member of the secretive SEAL Team 6 , which executed the bin Laden raid , tells CNN the story of the Shooter as presented in Esquire is false . According to this serving SEAL Team 6 operator , the story is "  complete B-S . " Watch more : Peter Bergen examines the differing accounts on "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " SEAL Team 6 operators are now in "  serious lockdown " when it comes to "  talking to anybody " about the bin Laden raid and say they have been frustrated to see what they consider to be the inaccurate story in Esquire receive considerable play without a response . Phil Bronstein , who wrote the 15,000-word piece about the Shooter for Esquire , was booked on CNN , Fox and many other TV networks after his story came out . Twenty-three SEALs and their interpreter launched the assault on the bin Laden compound just after midnight on the morning of May 2 , 2011 . They shot and killed bin Laden 's two bodyguards , one of bin Laden 's sons and the wife of one of the bodyguards , and wounded two other women . The first three SEALs to make it to the top floor of the compound were "  the point man , " "  the Shooter " profiled by Esquire , and Matt Bissonette , the SEAL who wrote "  No Easy Day " under the pseudonym Mark Owen . What actually happened the night of the raid , according to the SEAL Team 6 operator who I interviewed , is that the "  point man " ran up the stairs to the top floor and shot bin Laden in the head when he saw what looked like bin Laden poking his head out of his bedroom door . The shot gravely wounded al Qaeda 's leader . Having taken down bin Laden , the point man proceeded to rush two women he found in the bedroom , gathering them in his arms to absorb the explosion in case they were wearing suicide vests , something that was a real concern of those who planned the raid . ` Nightmare ' at home for SEAL who shot Osama bin Laden Two more SEALs then entered bin Laden 's bedroom and , seeing that the al Qaeda leader was lying mortally wounded on the floor , finished him off with shots to the chest . This account of bin Laden 's demise is considerably less heroic than the Shooter 's version in Esquire , in which he says he shot bin Laden while he was standing up and only after he saw that the al Qaeda leader had a gun within reach . The SEAL Team 6 operator who spoke to me says there is no way the Shooter could have seen a gun in bin Laden 's reach because the two guns that were found in the bedroom after the shooting were only discovered after a thorough search and were sitting on a high shelf above the frame of the door that opened to the room . SEAL commander rebuts ` Shooter ' claim The SEAL operator also points out there was a discussion before the raid in which the assault team was told "  do n't shoot the guy  bin Laden  in the face unless you have to " because the CIA would need to analyze good pictures of bin Laden 's face for its facial recognition experts to work effectively . Yet the Shooter in the Esquire story says he shot bin Laden on purpose twice in the forehead . A U.S. official familiar with the details of the raid said the SEAL Team 6 operator 's version is in line with what happened . That account "  has it right in my view , " the official said . Watch computer animation of the different accounts The SEAL Team 6 operator also tells CNN that the Shooter was "  thrown off " the Red Squadron , the core of the SEAL Team 6 group that carried out the bin Laden raid , because he was bragging about his role in the raid in bars around Virginia Beach , Virginia , where SEAL Team 6 is based . In the Esquire article , the Shooter complains he is receiving no pension , since he left the military four years before the minimum 20 years required to be eligible . CNN spoke with Bronstein , the Esquire writer , who says he passed on CNN 's written questions about the Shooter 's role in the raid to his story 's main character . The Shooter has not responded to those questions , and Bronstein declined to be interviewed on-the-record for this story . Stephanie Tuck , a spokeswoman for Esquire , said via e-mail the magazine stands by its story . "  The Esquire article , ` The Shooter : The Man Who Killed Osama Bin Laden , ' in the March 2013 issue , is based on information from numerous sources , including members of SEAL Team 6 and the Shooter himself , as well as detailed descriptions of mission debriefs . " More questions were raised about the Esquire story 's version of events Monday on SOFREP , a website that covers the Special Operations community . The queries came from former Navy SEAL Brandon Webb in a posting entitled , "  Esquire Is Screwed : Duped By Fake UBL ` Shooter . ' " 2011 : SEALs who killed bin Laden concerned for their safety According to present and former members of SEAL Team 6 , the "  point man " who fired the shot that likely mortally wounded bin Laden will never "  in a million years " speak publicly about his role in the raid , and they lauded his courageous decision to throw himself on the two women in bin Laden 's room . The new account of the bin Laden raid provided by the serving SEAL Team 6 operator is essentially the same as in Bissonnette 's "  No Easy Day . " Bissonnette says he was one of the first to run into the bedroom and he saw that the point man 's shots had mortally wounded bin Laden . Bissonette says he then shot the dying al Qaeda leader as he lay on the floor . Present and former members of SEAL Team 6 say they regard Bissonnette as more credible than the Shooter . Balanced against that , according to a story filed by CNN 's Barbara Starr last year , after the publication of "  No Easy Day , " the head of U.S. special operations , Adm. William McRaven , contacted members of the Navy SEAL team that killed bin Laden . According to Pentagon officials , the SEALs said bin Laden was standing in his bedroom when he was shot and they believed that he posed a threat because there were weapons in the room . This account tends to bolster the story the Shooter told Esquire . In a previous CNN.com story about the Esquire profile , I noted that I was the only outside observer allowed to tour bin Laden 's Abbottabad compound before it was demolished in late February 2012 . During that tour , I looked around the bedroom where bin Laden was killed . The Pakistani military officers who were guiding me pointed out a patch of dark , dried blood on the low ceiling of bin Laden 's bedroom . This patch of congealed blood seems to be consistent with the Shooter 's story that he fired two shots at the forehead of a "  surprisingly tall terrorist " while he was standing up . At the time , the precise location of bin Laden when he was shot was not a matter of dispute . But the blood patch could also be consistent with the account that it was the "  point man " who first shot bin Laden . The point man is 5 feet 6 inches tall and was shooting upward at a tall man as he poked his head out of his bedroom . 2011 : Obama meets bin Laden raiders , promises victory over al Qaeda The compound is , of course , now gone , so it is no longer possible to reconstruct what happened the night of the raid based on forensic evidence , although it is possible the Abbottabad Commission , a panel that was appointed by the Pakistani government to look into the raid , could shed some light on this question should its findings ever be publicly released . Finally , by all accounts , it was a confusing situation the night of the raid . One of the SEAL team 's helicopters had crashed and there was a firefight with one of bin Laden 's bodyguards . All the electricity in the compound and the surrounding neighborhood was off on a moonless night and the SEALs were all wearing night vision goggles , which only allowed them limited vision . What seems incontrovertible is that the point man , the Shooter and Bissonnette were the first three SEALs to assault bin Laden 's bedroom . But to determine exactly which of them killed the al Qaeda leader may never be possible . What is certain is that it was a team effort . Five days after the bin Laden raid , members of the SEAL team who carried out the mission briefed President Barack Obama . According to those in the room , the SEAL team commander explained to the president , "  If you took one person out of the puzzle , we would n't have the competence to do the job we did ; everybody 's vital . It 's not about the guy who pulled the trigger to kill bin Laden , it 's about what we all did together . " Read more : Bergen : Trying Osama 's son-in-law in NY makes sense Read more : Bergen : Should we still fear al Qaeda ? Read more : Bin Laden confidant emerged as voice of al Qaeda Read more : 2012 : Documents reveal a delusional leader	Peter Bergen : Member of SEAL Team 6 disputes Esquire account of bin Laden raid He says there are doubts about the story the "  shooter " told to Esquire Bergen : Killing was team effort , may not have been connected to bin Laden gun in the room
Sevare , Mali  CNN  -- International backing for French forces battling Islamist militants in Mali gathered momentum Tuesday , as U.S. military aircraft flew French troops and supplies into the African nation and Italy 's lawmakers voted to lend support . The U.S. mission began Monday with two flights and is expected to continue for several days , U.S. Africa Command spokesman Chuck Prichard told CNN from Stuttgart . U.S. C-17 planes are taking off from southern France loaded with French cargo and dropping it off in the Malian capital , Bamako , he said . The U.S. support is at the request of the French , who intervened in Mali 11 days ago after a plea for help from its government . The French are involved in the fight because Mali once was under the country 's control , and because Islamists have been threatening to turn the once-peaceful democracy into a haven for international terrorists . Italy 's lower house of parliament approved sending 15 to 24 military instructors who will work alongside the European Union in training Malian forces . It also agreed to provide logistical support to include at least two cargo planes . The time frame for Italy to provide the assistance is not yet decided . Leaders from several other countries have already offered troops or logistical support . Canada and Britain are deploying military transport aircraft , while Nigeria is set to deploy soldiers as part of the U.N.-mandated African force to fight the insurgents . Meanwhile , the battle continues to push back rebel forces on the ground . On the road between Segou and Bamako on Tuesday , a CNN crew saw a large column of French mechanized infantry barreling toward northern Mali . Dozens of armored fighting vehicles packed with supplies appeared headed for the front line of the battle against Islamist fighters . On Monday , Malian forces recaptured the central town of Diabaly , as well as the town of Douentza , to the northeast , from al Qaeda-linked rebels . A spokesman for the Malian military told CNN it had won control of the latter without the aid of French air support . In his address to the United Nations Tuesday , Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said "  political , security and humanitarian efforts " are needed to meet the challenges faced by Mali . "  Working with African and international partners , we must do our part to help fully restore Mali 's constitutional order and territorial integrity , " he said . "  Meanwhile , we continue to work toward an integrated strategy for the Sahel region that would address the mix of extremism , poverty , drought and governance challenges that is causing such profound misery and dangerous insecurity . " Sahel is the area along the southern edge of the Sahara . Monday 's military gains for Malian forces came as the government extended the country 's state of emergency for another three months . "  This advance by the Malian army toward the cities held by their enemies constitutes a certain military success for the Bamako government and for French forces , who have intervened in support of these operations , " French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said . He stated his "  total confidence " in French forces in a mission that "  aims to restore sovereignty to Mali on its territory and to prevent the risk of the constitution of a terrorist sanctuary in the heart of Africa . " France currently has 2,150 soldiers on Malian soil , with another 1,000 troops supporting the operation from elsewhere , the defense ministry said . Between 700 and 800 African troops from Benin , Nigeria , Togo and Burkina Faso have arrived in Mali , according to U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland . Senegalese troops and up to 2,000 from Chad are on the way , she said . Journalists are still barred from traveling into northern Mali , which has been under the control of militant Islamists for several months . But the CNN crew was able to enter Diabaly on Monday , where it was told by Malian and French forces that Islamists left after they were hit directly in one of their makeshift camps by the French and Malians . The scene after one battle included burned-out armored vehicles and a truck that at one point belonged to the Islamists . A Malian officer , Col. Seydou Sogoba , told CNN that the Islamists were using sophisticated weapons like he had never seen before . He believes they originated in Libya . As the news crew drove into town , the dusty streets in the extremely poor area were mostly empty except for military vehicles and French and Malian troops . Whatever trucks had belonged to the Islamist rebels were bombed and burned out . Destroyed high-caliber weapons were seen in the vehicles . A French colonel , exhausted from fighting and who wished not to be named , told CNN that foreign fighters -- including some who are Algerian -- had been pushed out of the area . Sogoba told CNN the fight against the rebels was very hard , but he is focused on "  preserving the national integrity " of Mali . French President Francois Hollande has said that if his country had not intervened , Mali "  probably would have fallen into the hands of terrorists . " French involvement began the day after militants said January 10 that they had seized the city of Konna , east of Diabaly in central Mali , and were poised to advance south toward Bamako . Ethnic Tuaregs who had returned to Mali well-armed from fighting for late Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi staged a military coup last year against the Malian government . Islamic extremists capitalized on the chaos , carved out a large haven in Mali 's north and imposed a strict interpretation of Sharia law . The Islamists banned music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television . They also destroyed historic tombs and shrines . Those events stoked fear among global security experts that Mali could become a new hub for terrorism . Meanwhile , the Norwegian Internal Displacement Monitoring Centre warned that the humanitarian crisis in Mali is worsening . Because Algeria has closed its borders , people in the north are increasingly heading to the desert , where they will face harsh conditions and struggles over food and water with limited humanitarian assistance , the group said . "  They can not stay where they are due to the grave insecurity caused by the conflict , " said Sebastian Albuja , head of the center 's Africa and Americas Department . "  Yet the meager resources and the diminished coping abilities of the government and humanitarian actors means that they are faced with limited options . " Many are fleeing on foot because they ca n't afford boats or buses , Albuja said , and even if they do make it , they get there only to find the roads blocked . The violence could soon displace up to 700,000 in the country and around the region , said Melissa Fleming , a spokeswoman for the United Nations ' refugee agency . CNN 's Nima Elbagir and Ingrid Formanek reported from Mali and Hada Messia from Rome ; Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . Richard Roth contributed from New York .	U.S. military planes airlift French troops and equipment to Bamako Italy 's parliament approves logistical support and military trainers Dozens of French armored fighting vehicles head toward northern Mali Malian forces recaptured the towns of Diabaly and Douentza on Monday
