LONDON , England  CNN  -- London 's subway system was engulfed by thousands of revelers Saturday night , marking the introduction of an alcohol ban on the mass transit network . Revelers hit London 's subway system Saturday night to mark the introduction of an alcohol ban . Eyewitnesses have described how some drunken partygoers , often dressed in fancy dress , fought , damaged subway trains and vomited . Authorities were forced to close six stations on the network , including major transportation hubs at Liverpool Street , Baker Street and Euston . A spokesman for British Transport Police , which patrols the network , said that police had been told of a large "  large amount " of disorder and "  multiple instances of trains being damaged " , causing them to be pulled from service , the UK 's Press Association reported , adding : "  This was an unfortunate end to what should have been a fun event . " There were reports of at least 17 arrests . Much of the disorder concentrated on the Circle Line , which encircles the center of the city . Many reports say that the night had begun good-naturedly . Web programmer , David Mudkips , 25 , from east London , told PA that the event was "  Like rush hour but fun . There were people 's sweaty armpits in my face but I did n't care because I was drinking . " Student Frankie Abbott , 21 , also from east London , said earlier in the evening : "  It might be fun to do the whole night but I think it 's going to get a bit messy . There are guys drinking from funnels already . " Sailor Peter Moore , 35 , from Brighton on the southern English coast , told the agency his night was "  Drunken , I just downed a can of beer in 10 seconds . It 's sweaty on there but I 'm going round and round until I vomit . " As the evening progressed the situation deteriorated . Photographer Desmond Fitzgerald , 48 , from south London , told PA that by 11pm at Gloucester Road subway station he was afraid someone might slip onto the tracks due to the amount of spilt alcohol on the platform . "  At first the atmosphere was happy but anarchic , defiant , " he said , with people wearing hats and having a good time . As the journey progressed , more heavily drunk people joined the train , he added . "  Then a fight broke out between about five people , but because we were so tightly packed in it soon spread throughout the carriage and I had to struggle to escape to the next one , " he told PA. . "  The atmosphere had really changed by this point . People were ripping off adverts and maps and being sick all over the place . "  When it pulled in to Embankment people fell out and carried on fighting on the platform . Thankfully police were there , and they handled it very well . " Many of those gathered had learnt of the party on social networking Web sites , through groups with names such as "  Circle Line Party - Last day of drinking on the tube " , which had 850-plus members listed by Saturday lunchtime , and "  Party/Flashmob on the Underground " , with 1,300-plus names listed . The anti-drinking strategy was introduced by newly elected London mayor Boris Johnson . He said before the party occurred : "  I 'm determined to improve the safety and security of public transport in London and create a better environment for the millions of Londoners who rely on it . The ban has the full support of the Metropolitan Police and British Transport Police . "  I firmly believe that banning the drinking of alcohol on London 's public transport will create a better traveling environment for all Londoners and that if we drive out antisocial behavior and so called minor crime then we will be able to get a firm grip on more serious crime . " But Bob Crow , General Secretary of the Rail Maritime and Transport Union of which many subway staff are members , countered that the ban put workers at greater risk of of attack , reported PA , saying it was "  half-baked . "	Revelers mark alcohol ban on London subway system , cause chaos Police say at least 17 arrests , subways stations shut as thousands gather Many had learnt of the event through social networking Web sites London mayor says he introduced alcohol ban for better traveling environment
CNN  -- An elaborate kidnapping plot that targeted a Wake Forest , North Carolina , man ended with his dramatic rescue in Atlanta by an FBI hostage squad about midnight Wednesday , law enforcement said Thursday . Frank Arthur Janssen is receiving medical treatment but is safe after being held captive for five days by five people who face federal kidnapping charges , according to law enforcement officials who held a news conference in Wake Forest . The kidnappers sent demands to Janssen 's family "  for the benefit " of Kelvin Melton , an inmate at Polk Correctional Institution in Butner , North Carolina , read an affidavit in support of a search warrant related to criminal complaints against the defendants . Melton is serving a life sentence without parole , said FBI North Carolina Special Agent John Strong . It was not immediately clear for what . Janssen 's daughter , an assistant district attorney in Wake County , had prosecuted Melton , officials said . The affidavit details threats sent via text to Janssen 's wife and daughters , a drama that underscores Strong 's description of the kidnappers at the news conference . He called them "  very dangerous people . " On Monday at 1:51 a.m. , Janssen 's wife , Christie , began to receive text messages from a phone number with an Atlanta area code , the affidavit says . The messages said her husband had been kidnapped . One text said her husband was in the trunk of a car en route to California . Another threatened her , saying that if she contacted law enforcement , "  we will send  Janssen  back to you in 6 boxes and every chance we get we will take someone in your family to Italy and torture and kill them ... we will do a drive by and gun down anybody ... and throw a grenade in your window . " If the kidnappers ' demands were not met , her husband would be hurt , the texts promised . The five facing charges are : Jenna Paulin Martin , Tiana Maynard , Clifton James Roberts and Jevante Price -- also known as "  Flame " -- and Michael Montreal Gooden -- also known as "  Hot " -- according to court documents . Don Connelly , law enforcement coordinator with the U.S. attorney 's office , said pleas have not been entered . Authorities said that none of the defendants has retained counsel . Threatening texts to wife On April 5 , a woman knocked on Janssen 's door , and when he opened it , several people jumped him and used a Taser to subdue him , according to the affidavit . The attackers dragged him to their car and took off , crossing into Georgia , the document shows . Janssen 's wife knew that her husband was going out for a bike ride Saturday , but when she came home that day after a shopping outing to find he 'd not returned , she grew alarmed , according to a news release from Wake Forest . She saw what appeared to be drops of blood outside their house , it said , and called police . On April 9 , Christie Janssen received another text from a different number that also had an Atlanta area code , the affidavit said . That message included a photo of her husband bound and seated in a chair . Another text came : "  Tomorrow we will call you again an  sic  if you can not tell me where my things are at tomorrow i will start torchering  sic  " Frank Janssen . "  If we find out the police seen this will kill both people now and go for you  sic  family , " the text read , suggesting that another person had been abducted . One of the numbers connected to the kidnapping was identified as transmitting messages from Polk Correctional Institution , according to the affidavit , and the user of that particular number placed 99 calls to Melton 's daughters . Melton 's girlfriend told law enforcement that that number belonged to the inmate , the affidavit said . ` Get a bag , put it over his head ' Law enforcement monitored calls between that number and another involved in the kidnapping , the affidavit detailed . According to the document , two male callers could be heard saying : "  The first spot we are checking out is close to the house . " "  We want to make sure it 's in a secluded area and the ground is soft so we can go 3 feet deep . " "  Get a bag , put it over his head , and stuff something in his mouth . " "  However you feel like doing it , just do it . " "  Make sure to clean the area up . Do n't leave anything . Do n't leave any DNA behind . " "  Get some night time medication and make him go to sleep . " "  Make him drink the whole bottle of Nyquil . " "  Let 's do it in the wee hours of the morning . " "  Make sure it is not a half-assed job . Get bleach and throw it on the walls . Maybe do it in the closet . " After that conversation , authorities tried to enter Melton 's prison cell to find the phone number used in the communications . Melton tried to bar the door and smashed the phone , the affidavit says . Later , at 10:40 p.m. April 9 , law enforcement monitored a conversation between two callers who stated , "  FBI helicopters are outside . We got ta get rid of holmes . " A woman can be heard saying , "  I 'm not going anywhere , FBI are all over . " While the search was on for Janssen in Atlanta , law enforcement traced one of the phone numbers to a residence in Austell , Georgia , belonging to Tiana Maynard . She was not there , but her children were , and law enforcement took them into protective custody , the affidavit said . Shortly after Janssen was rescued , Clifton Roberts drove a blue Chevy Tahoe with Maynard and Jenna Martin to a police station to get Maynard 's children . Inside the Tahoe , law enforcement saw picks , shovels and a .45 - caliber pistol , according to the affidavit . In connection with the search of Atlanta residences linked to the threatening text messages , officers questioned Price and Gooden , the affidavit details . Price "  revealed his awareness of the kidnapping and acknowledged that he and Gooden were supposed to be the ` night watch ' over the victim , " the document states . Price led agents to the Forest Cove apartment complex in southeast Atlanta , where Janssen was rescued , according to officials . A father reunited with family , a shaken DA office Janssen has been reunited with his family , officials said Thursday . After he was freed , doctors evaluated him , Strong said , adding that he is receiving medical care . The FBI in Charlotte and Atlanta , the Wake Forest Police Department and the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation are continuing to investigate the case , along with other law enforcement agencies in North Carolina and Georgia . Ned Mangum , district attorney for Wake County confirmed to CNN that Colleen Janssen works in his office . "  This is different from anything we 've ever had to my knowledge in the state of North Carolina , " he said . "  I 've been in this court house for 16 years , and unfortunately , from time to time , there are threats made to courthouse officials . You rarely see threats against people 's family and certainly rarely see something with this much precision . " He said his staff is "  incredibly professional " and handles serious cases , but "  this one really affected us because it 's one of our own , " he said . "  I 've never seen our office as anxious as the past several days , and I 'm so proud of them for not saying anything to compromise the investigation . "	FBI : Frank Arthur Janssen was abducted from his home five days ago FBI rescue team freed him from an Atlanta apartment building Wednesday Demands sent for "  benefit " of inmate whom daughter prosecuted , officials say Five people face federal kidnapping charges , law enforcement officials say
CNN  -- It was a Friday night in June 2007 when 22-year-old college student Kelly Nolan left her home to meet friends at a bar in Madison , Wisconsin . Kelly Nolan 's body was found two weeks after she disappeared after a night out with friends . Police say she and three girlfriends spent the evening at a bar in the State Street area of Madison . About 11:30 p.m. , Nolan and her friends separated , because her friends wanted to go home , and Nolan continued on to another bar . It is unclear exactly whom Nolan was with afterward . Two weeks after she went missing that night , her body was found in a wooded area on private property 11 miles from where she 'd last been seen . The coroner and police have characterized her death as a homicide but have not released a cause of death or details on the condition of her body . "  We have collected a lot of crime scene evidence and feel confident this case can be solved , " said Joel De Spain , a spokesman for the Madison Police Department . According to police , Nolan 's last contact with anyone was a cell phone call in the early morning to her sister , April . Triangulation from pings on her cell phone led police to search the area where they found her body July 9 . Tom Paras , owner of Amy 's Cafe , a bar in the State Street area , said an employee met Nolan at another nearby watering hole called the Lava Lounge . Police wo n't confirm it , but the witness claims that he and Nolan walked out of the bar together because another male bar patron had been harassing Nolan , Paras said . "  The guy was giving her the creeps , " Paras said . The two walked out , but then Nolan asked Paras ' employee to wait for her to use the bathroom . "  They were both very drunk , " Paras said , "  And he admits he was stupid to have left her there when he saw her talking to that guy again outside , but he assumed they were friends . " According to Paras , the real problem is that no one has an accurate description of this person of interest . Watch an update on the case " Furthermore , police have not revealed any possible motive in Nolan 's murder , nor have they said whether she had been sexually assaulted . Investigators even reviewed surveillance video from the bar but found nothing that shows Nolan interacting with the individual last seen with her . There is a $ 12,000 reward being offered for any information leading to the arrest and conviction of the individual responsible for Kelly Nolan 's murder . Anyone with a tip is asked to call the Madison Police Department at 608 266-6014 .	Kelly Nolan went missing in June 2007 ; her body was found two weeks later She had been drinking at a bar when she split with friends Witness says man in bar was "  giving her the creeps " Know something ? Call 608 266-6014 . A reward is offered
CNN  -- His golf career might be in a seemingly downward spiral , but Tiger Woods is still the world 's most valuable sportsman according to a top business magazine . The American , who this week dropped out of the world 's top 50 golfers for the first time in 15 years , has retained his position as Forbes ' top individual sports brand . The 36-year-old has , according to Forbes ' calculations , lost $ 17 million from his brand worth in the past year . But his $ 55 million value is still $ 29 million higher than the second-placed athlete , tennis star Roger Federer . Despite the scandal that broke in late 2009 about the marital infidelities that led to his divorce from wife Elin Nordegren , Woods has begun to restore his portfolio of endorsements with June 's agreement with Japan 's Kowa Company , which deals in medical equipment and pharmaceuticals . Fellow golfer Phil Mickelson is ranked third with $ 24 million , while basketball star LeBron James is catching fast with $ 20 million . The Miami Heat player earned half that total from his deal with Nike -- again Forbes ' most valuable overall brand , up 40 % to $ 15 billion after spreading its swoosh into even more world markets . English football club Manchester United lost top spot in the team brands to baseball 's New York Yankees . While United suffered due to the British pound weakening against the dollar , with a worth of $ 269 million , the Yankees ' value -- now $ 340 million -- has boomed 57 % since 2007 according to Forbes ' Mike Ozanian . "  Had the exchange rate held fast since 2007 the Red Devils , who are looking to capitalize on their global fan base with an IPO  public share offering  , would still be the most valuable team brand , " Ozanian said . The NFL 's showpiece Super Bowl , with a brand value of $ 425 million , stayed well clear of the Summer Olympics  $ 230 million  and the FIFA World Cup  $ 147 million  .	Tiger Woods tops Forbes ' most valuable brand list despite his form slump Golfer is $ 29 million ahead of second-placed tennis star Roger Federer Nike moved further ahead as the most valuable overall brand on $ 15 billion New York Yankees topple Manchester United as the best team brand
CNN  -- The death of an Air Force technical sergeant in Iraq last week quietly brought a somber milestone : One hundred American female service members have died in Iraq , according to a CNN count of Pentagon figures . A U.S. Army bugler plays taps during burial services for a female soldier at Arlington National Cemetery in 2005 . The latest death was Tech . Sgt. Jackie L. Larsen , 37 , of Tacoma , Washington , who died of natural causes July 17 at Balad Air Base , Iraq . She was assigned to the 9th Reconnaissance Wing , Beale Air Force Base , California , according to the Pentagon . The death comes during what may be the lowest monthly toll in the war . Pentagon records show that at least nine U.S. troops have died in July . The lowest number in the war was in May , with 19 . The total of U.S. service member deaths in the Iraq war now stands at 4,124 . Of the 100 female service members who died : Meanwhile , a female suicide bomber detonated explosives at an Awakening Council checkpoint just outside Baquba , killing eight people and wounding 24 Thursday night , police said . The checkpoint is two kilometers  1.4 miles  from Baquba , the capital of Diyala province . Those killed and wounded were mostly members of an anti-al Qaeda group , the police said . An Awakening Council leader was among the dead , police said . An Interior Ministry official identified the leader as Naim al-Dulaimi , a high-ranking local leader of the 1920 Revolution Brigades . The brigades are a former nationalist insurgent group turned into an Awakening group , fighting al Qaeda in Iraq . There have been about two dozen female suicide bombings in Iraq . The bulk of them have been in Diyala . The ethnically mixed province that stretches north and east of Baghdad and borders Iran . Last month , a female suicide bomber attacked a crowded area in Baquba 's center , killing at least 16 people and wounding 40 . Police , women and children were among the casualties , authorities said at the time . Many Awakening Councils , whose members are predominantly Sunni , have been recruited by the U.S. military to work against al Qaeda in Iraq and other militias . Elsewhere , attackers in Iraq 's capital over the past 24 hours killed three members of an anti-insurgent group and wounded a senior member of the prime minister 's political party , officials said . Three members of an Awakening Council who were manning checkpoints in the Sunni neighborhood of Adhamiya were gunned down by attackers in a car Thursday morning , according to a local leader of the Awakening Council . Adhamiya , in Baghdad 's northeastern area , used to be controlled by al Qaeda in Iraq fighters . The area had once been rife with attacks against U.S. and Iraqi targets . But as the Awakening movement took hold in the neighborhood over the past year , violence declined . An Interior Ministry official said Abdul Rahman Dawood , a senior member of the Dawa party , was wounded in a bombing at his house in southeastern Baghdad late Wednesday . Dawa , a Shiite movement that is part of the United Iraqi Alliance bloc , is the party of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . The prime minister is in Europe this week . He traveled to Germany , where he met with Chancellor Angela Merkel , and is to meet with leaders in Italy and the Vatican . In another development , Turkish warplanes late Wednesday bombed three villages in northern Iraq where Kurdish rebels were thought to be based , a border security officer said Thursday . The strikes -- the latest by the Turkish military against Kurdistan Workers ' Party  PKK  militants -- occurred in the Zab region of Duhuk province in Iraq 's Kurdish region . The officer said the bombing lasted for an hour , and there were no reports of casualties . Duhuk is one of three provinces that make up the Kurdish region in Iraq . Turkey has been fighting PKK separatists for years in the southeastern part of Turkey . Turkey has been going after PKK bases just over its border with northern Iraq , where the group has been staging cross-border attacks . CNN 's Joe Sterling , Jennifer Turner , Jomana Karadsheh and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Latest death of female service member in Iraq blamed on natural causes Of the 100 dead , 97 were troops , and three were military civilian employees Sixty-one of the deaths have been classified as hostile Female suicide bomber kills eight at checkpoint outside Baquba
Guatemala City  CNN  -- When former Guatemalan dictator Efrain Rios Montt was convicted of genocide and sentenced to 80 years in prison this month , it was not expected to be the end of story . READ MORE : Guatemala 's Rios Montt guilty of genocide Observers knew that an appeal was coming , but it was a separate action -- a ruling by Guatemala 's Constitutional Court -- that provided the latest twist in the case . The Constitutional Court on Monday overturned Rios Montt 's conviction and sentence , and ordered the proceedings to return to the trial phase . The ruling does not annul the entire trial , but everything that happened after April 19 , notably the closing arguments and conviction . The overturning of the conviction is related to a number of procedural complaints filed by the defense . The defense had argued that Rios Montt 's rights had been violated when his attorney was expelled early in the trial , and that the head judge should have recused herself . The Constitutional Court decided that the trial should have been suspended while these appeals were in place , instead of pushing forward a conclusion . Rios Montt , 86 , had been found guilty of the genocide of more than 1,700 indigenous Ixil Mayans during his 1982-83 rule . The trial marked the first time a head of state was tried for genocide by his country 's own judicial system . Dozens of Ixil Mayans took the stand during the trial to recount atrocities committed by the army . The witnesses told the judges about brutal killings , rapes and the razing of villages . The Constitutional Court 's ruling allows their testimony to stand . The trial 's original outcome was seen as a precedent for future charges against military officials accused of atrocities during Guatemala 's 36-year civil war . The war did not end until 1996 , leaving more than 200,000 people dead and 1 million as refugees . Rios Montt said during the trial that he never ordered the killings of the Ixil . "  We have reached the conclusion that there is still hope for justice , which is the Constitutional Court , " Rios Montt attorney Mario Antonio Rossell said . "  This is a historic resolution . " Human rights groups say they will appeal the decision . "  What has happened is that in this country , the laws have been applied arbitrarily , " said Mario Polanco , director of a Guatemalan human rights group . "  They have served the interests of those in power , and when it is one of the representatives of those in power who is on trial , they will resort to any means , and that is what we are seeing . I think there has been an abuse in the interpretation of the law . " READ MORE : Rios Montt rejects genocide charges as history-making trial nears end READ MORE : Guatemala confronts a dark chapter CNN 's Mariano Castillo reported and wrote the story in Atlanta . Journalist Miguel Salay reported from Guatemala City .	Guatemala 's Constitutional Court overturned the conviction of Efrain Rios Montt Rios Montt was convicted of genocide and sentenced to 80 years The court said the proceedings must return to the trial phase Human rights groups say they will appeal
CNN  -- In the rich man 's world of diversified asset portfolios and international investment opportunities , luxury property in the right market equals hot property . But where do speculating millionaires and billionaires get the most bang for their buck ? Is it in the suave sophistication of New York City , the ornate splendor of London 's townhouses or the ultramodern apartments of central Shanghai ? We 've compiled the following list using data gleaned from the Knight Frank Wealth Report 2013 to show the most valuable locations for luxury properties .	Monaco ranks first as most expensive per square meter Ranking taken from Knight Frank Wealth Report 2013 Three Asian cities make the top ten for most expensive luxury properties
CNN  -- Last summer , Jessica Rodriguez did n't want to go outside , or even open the door . She did n't want anyone to see she had lost her hair during breast cancer treatment . Rodriguez , 39 , said she found strength from the support of her husband and children , and through an organization called Nueva Vida , a support network for Latinas with cancer based in Washington . At support meetings , she met other women who had lost their hair in cancer treatment and realized she was not alone . "  They were going through the same , " said Rodriguez , who moved to the United States from Peru 12 years ago and now lives in Germantown , Maryland . "  I say : They 're OK . It 's only the hair . It 's going to go grow back . " Some Latina breast cancer survivors such as Rodriguez have found comfort and assistance from organizations geared toward Hispanics . Nueva Vida and other groups are trying to address needs such as breaking language barriers , paying for treatment and finding support from others going through similar challenges . Rodriguez said she did n't know how she could have paid for treatment without Nueva Vida . It introduced her to a Maryland state program that covered her surgery , chemotherapy and radiation . "  I may be not talking to you , " she said . "  I do n't know . I do n't think I could have made it without all the help . " What the statistics say Cancer remains a major health problem among Hispanics , but statistics show they are at a surprising advantage compared with some other ethnic groups . Researchers are trying to figure out why . In the United States , the death rate from all cancers among Hispanics is about 129 per 100,000 people per year , compared with 191 per 100,000 for whites and 239 per 100,000 for African-Americans/blacks , according to the National Cancer Institute . Breast cancer incidence and mortality specifically are also lower among Hispanics than whites or blacks , according to the American Cancer Society . The figures are puzzling , given that Hispanics have a lower socioeconomic status on average than whites . Data from the Pew Research Center suggests the typical Hispanic household had $ 6,325 in wealth in 2009 , while the typical white household had $ 113,149 . Even more curiously , a 2013 study in the International Journal for Equity in Health found that , among Hispanics in Texas , mortality rates for several cancers , including breast cancer , tend to be lower among those with more socioeconomic deprivation . A low mortality rate does not correspond with low socioeconomic status in whites and African-Americans , the study found . More research needs to be done to confirm these findings . The phenomenon associating Hispanics with better health outcomes despite lower average income and education rates is called the "  Hispanic paradox . " A possible explanation for this trend is that smoking is much less common among Hispanics than non-Hispanic whites or African-Americans , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Another theory is that people who immigrate to the United States tend to be healthier than those who stayed in their home countries . It 's also possible that some who get sick return to their home countries . Mentally ill Latinos struggle to seek help Despite slightly better statistical odds of not getting cancer than whites or blacks , Hispanics are not immune to these conditions , and breast cancer kills more Hispanic women than any other cancer . More often in Hispanics than whites , breast cancer is detected at an advanced stage , according to the American Cancer Society . A 2013 study in the journal JAMA Surgery focusing on young women with breast cancer , ages 15 to 39 , found that the time between diagnosis and treatment of breast cancer differed significantly depending on the ethnicity of the participants . Researchers found that about 15 % of Hispanic and African-American women waited more than six weeks for treatment , compared with 8 % of non-Hispanic white women . Longer waiting periods are linked to shorter survival time , the study found . Dr. Mariana Chavez MacGregor , breast oncologist at MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston , said she believes that access to health care is partly responsible for the later detection of breast cancer in Hispanic women . "  If people have no health insurance , doing a test for something you do n't even have , it 's really at the bottom of the list , " she said . There are also , she said , "  probably cultural reasons in which we may have more difficulty dealing with this and seeking medical attention . " What survivors say Research is ongoing to narrow down the best ways to improve the quality of life among Hispanic breast cancer survivors and their caregivers . Nueva Vida is participating in a research project led by Kristi Graves at Georgetown University to figure out the best approaches . The issues that tend to arise among Hispanic women who have breast cancer are n't unique to Hispanics , and it is impossible to generalize across individuals ; there are also many cultures that fall under terms such as "  Hispanic " and "  Latina . " Nonetheless , Graves and researchers have picked up on some themes that often arise . "  Breast cancer is n't always talked about in Latino families , " Graves said . "  In some of these families , when you mention cancer it 's considered synonymous with death . " Some survivors Graves has spoken with did n't tell their families about the cancer diagnosis until they had to start chemotherapy , because they did n't want to worry them . "  For some of the women , when they did start talking about cancer , they were really pleasantly surprised at the amount of support and information that they received , " Graves said . For women whose first language is Spanish , translation may be an issue . They may have a hard time finding a physician with whom they feel comfortable , and who can adequately explain treatment options and procedures . When family members step in to translate to doctors , some women hold back important details . For instance , one woman Graves met did n't tell her doctor about the problems with sexual functioning she was having during treatment , because her daughter was translating for her . Let 's talk about sex ... and cancer In her study , Graves will be testing an intervention in which survivors and caregivers share their concerns separately , in different groups , led by a facilitator , and then everyone comes together to talk about the topic . When tried on a smaller scale , "  facilitators  delivered information separately to the survivors and caregivers ; it seemed that each group could open up further and talk about their own specific needs , " Graves said . Getting help Another community organization supporting Hispanic breast cancer patients is called Comadre a Comadre in Albuquerque , New Mexico . A comadre is a "  non-biological close female kinship " in "  the Hispanic/Latino extended family unit , " the website explains . This group was founded by six survivors and director Elba Saavedra , who is also an assistant professor for research at the University of New Mexico College of Education . The organization works with women in a nonclinical setting , giving them resources and support during their breast cancer treatment . A grant from the Susan G. Komen for the Cure helped jump-start Comadre a Comadre in 2003 . The organization offers support groups and classes in Spanish and English , one-on-one support and financial assistance . Comadre a Comadre is trying to get out positive messages about screening and break down some of the cultural barriers . For instance , many women put the needs of the rest of their family before their own . "  We need to be there for children and grandchildren ; it 's important we get in there and get those mammograms , " Saavedra said . Dalila Romero , a co-founder of Comadre a Comadre , had breast cancer in her mid-40s . At the time , she had recently lost her mother to pancreatic cancer . The support group she tried did n't resonate with her ; she could n't connect with the women there , who had different backgrounds and life stories from her own . "  Not knowing the resources in the community , I had to basically support myself because I did n't know what the outcome was going to be , " Romero said . Now she goes with women with recent diagnoses to their initial appointments for chemotherapy , radiation and surgery to help them navigate the system . Helping patients navigate health care system Some women are private about their struggle with cancer , so much so they do n't want to sit around other women who have it . Romero knows of one woman who moved because she did n't want anyone in her town to know she had cancer . When she learned about Nueva Vida , Rodriguez immediately liked the idea of finding support in other women who also had cancer , but she held back at first in telling her parents in Peru until doctors were sure of what it was . "  I did n't want my mom to get sad because she 's over there and I 'm here , " she said . "  I did n't want to worry them . I took time to tell them . " Clear of cancer , Rodriguez is currently a Zumba instructor through Nueva Vida , and loves teaching . The women in this organization have a lot of need , she said . They are , she said , her "  sister survivors . "	Hispanics have a lower cancer incidence and mortality than whites and blacks This phenomenon is part of what is called the "  Hispanic paradox " Financial and linguistic barriers in the Hispanic community can hinder treatment
CNN  -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter has admitted that he did know about alleged bribe payments made to former FIFA executives , but insists he did n't think they were illegal at the time . "  You ca n't judge the past on the basis of today 's standards . Otherwise it would end up with moral justice . I ca n't have known about an offense that was n't even one , " he told the website of football 's world governing body . A Swiss court has published its findings following an investigation into alleged illegal payments made by FIFA marketing partner International Sports and Leisure  ISL  to former FIFA president Joao Havelange and former executive committee member Ricardo Teixeira . The report found that Havelange had received at least 1.5 million Swiss francs  $ 1.53 million  and Ricardo Teixeira was paid at least CHF 12.4 million  $ 12.64 million  from marketing partner ISL . Blatter was FIFA 's general secretary at the time of the alleged irregularities , and in that role he co-signed agreements with the marketing group . Blatter has confirmed that he is the "  P1 " character investigators referred to in several key points of the report . The investigators specifically identified "  P1 " as someone who knew about the illegal payments . "  It was confirmed by the former chief financial officer of FIFA ... that a certain payment made to Joao Havelange by the Company 1 amounting to CHF 1 million was mistakenly directly transferred to a FIFA account ; not only the CFO had knowledge of this , but also , among others , P1 would also have known about it , " the report stated . However , Blatter defended his involvement on the FIFA website in a move that shows the 76-year-old is making some effort to keep the promises of greater transparency he made after being re-elected in 2011 . "  Back then , such payments could even be deducted as a business expense , " he said of ISL 's transactions , which were made between 1999 and the company 's collapse in 2001 . "  Today , that would be punishable under law . " However , one of FIFA 's critics insists that Blatter should take more responsibility for the ruling body 's actions . "  The FIFA president has a serious moral compass problem . You are looking at an organization whose culture is tolerant of impropriety , " David Larkin , co-director of campaign group Change FIFA , told CNN . "  The president is trying to defend acts that would not be tolerated anywhere else . " FIFA has been keen to point to its active involvement in the case , declaring on Wednesday in a response to the document 's publication : "  The decision by the Federal Court is in line with what FIFA and the FIFA president have been advocating since 2011 , when world football 's governing body announced its commitment to the publication of the ISL non-prosecution order . " Blatter highlighted the formation of an Ethics Committee , an adjudicatory body and an investigatory body , and told the FIFA website that "  some important steps have already been taken . " However , Larkin described FIFA as "  the least qualified people to investigate " the allegations against it .	FIFA President Blatter admits he knew about payments to former FIFA officials Blatter says he did n't think there was an offense at the time FIFA has set up an Ethics Committee since the revelations emerged The Swiss court is investigating FIFA for "  disloyal management "
CNN  -- Vowing to crackdown on a new wave of anti-government protests , President Alexander Lukashenko warned Sunday in Minsk there will be "  no color revolution " scenarios in Belarus , the nation he has ruled with an iron fist since 1994 , the official Belarusian Telegraph Company reported . The so called "  clapping protesters " , as the peaceful yet defiant anti-government movement gaining momentum throughout Belarus has become known , will not be allowed to snowball into another government-toppling insurrection inspired by the Arab Spring and fueled by the Internet , Lukashenko said . In late 2004 and early 2005 , the so-called "  Orange Revolution " toppled the government of Ukraine , another former Soviet republic . "  We will overcome any difficulties and endure the hardships imposed on us , " Lukashenko said . "  They want to bring us to our knees ... That 's not going to happen , " he said . On Sunday , police used tear gas and batons against hundreds of protesters as they marched peacefully on Independence Day by clapping in unison as the president spoke , Russia 's official Ria Novosti news agency reported . In return , Lukashenko lashed out against the protesting crowd saying he will continue to meet any dissent with full-force , blaming outside influences for fomenting domestic unrest by handing support the Internet-fueled protesters who call themselves The Revolution Through Social Networks , the agency reported . In the past weeks , protesters have been organizing themselves via the Internet through social networks such as Twitter and Facebook , despite a government forced shutdown of these sites . According VIASNA , a Faceboook page on Human Rights in Belarus , 460 people were detained on the June 21 , including several journalists , foreign nationals and even a Swedish diplomat who was later released . The Internet-organized rallies spread over the republic and took place in Brest , Grodno , Gomel , Mogilev and other cities , Russia 's Itar-Tass news agency reported . While CNN can not independently confirm the arrests , Russian news agencies reported that hundreds of people have been detained in the last few weeks , many sent to isolation units . Belarus , once called "  last remaining true dictatorship in the heart of Europe " by former U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , is facing one of its worse economic crisis since it became independent from the Soviet Union in 1991 . Early this year , the United States and the European Union prolonged sanctions against Belarus as a response to the political crackdown in the wake of the presidential election of December 2010 . According to the U.S. Department of State , presidential opposition candidate Andrey Sannikau and five other candidates and activists and were convicted and given hard sentences as part of the post-electoral crackdown . The United Nations Human Rights Council voted in June to condemn what they deemed the "  persecution " of opposition leaders in Belarus . The U.N. resolution "  urges the Government of Belarus to end the politically motivated persecution and harassment of opposition leaders , representatives of civil society , human rights defenders , lawyers , independent media , students and those defending them . " Heavily dependent on Russian imports , Belarus is facing a 36 % devaluation of its currency , Russia 's Itar-Tass reported .	Belarus president vows to resist anti-government movement He says any government-toppling insurrection will be stopped News reports say police used tear gas and batons on protesters Sunday
EW.com  -- The final season -- the real final season this time -- of "  The Killing " has a release date . Netflix will unleash the last season of the murky , rainy crime drama on Aug. 1 . The final fourth-season batch is only six episodes , so this is one binge you can easily polish off in a single night . EW : ` The Killing ' shock : Netflix revives twice-canceled show for FINAL season As we 've previously noted , The Killing , which stars Mireille Enos and Joel Kinnaman as Seattle detectives , was AMC 's true zombie show -- a series that was canceled twice and then revived twice . More details about its improbably resurrection . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The series will return August 1 There are only six episodes "  The Killing " has been canceled twice
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- No one at the Railway Golf Club in the heart of Nairobi quite remembers if Barack Obama , Sr. , the father of the 44th U.S. president , ever played here when he was a high-flying civil servant in the 1960s . Perhaps he played up the road at the Royal Nairobi Golf Club , the oldest of the city 's six golf establishments , someone suggests . The club scene was certainly the natural ecosystem for the pipe-smoking Harvard-educated economist , and the hordes of other young Africans just returned from the world 's top universities to take over their newly independent country . Map : World weighs in on U.S. election Memories of Dr. Obama are fading , but his son is a popular man in Kenya . From the clubs to the teeming barrios for which Nairobi is notorious , President Obama is spoken of with enthusiasm and pride . Dr. Simeon Onyango , is in the pharmaceuticals business and a widely travelled man . He thinks the world of President Obama . "  I believe he deserves a second term . War is very expensive and with the Iraq and Afghan war , he has done a great job in managing this and even eliminating Osama -LSB- bin Laden -RSB- , " said Onyango at the Railways Golf Club , whose course is part of a longer green belt that girdles Nairobi 's fat midriff from south to north . Postcard : Nigerians enjoy election soap opera The Kenyan capital is a land of dramatic contrasts . From a rooftop bar on Mombasa Road , the main highway to the airport and on to the coast , you can sometimes see in the distance herds of buffalo , giraffe and the odd lion . Once in a while , when the big cats wander into the villages and kill their cattle , Maasai warriors take out their spears and hunt them down . It is a city that likes to keep in touch with its wild side . Kibera , Kenya 's biggest slum , is Obamaland . Here , the people are less guarded , more passionate about politics . Their living conditions are terrible . They have given rise to a peculiar activity , slum tourism , where wealthy people journey from all over the world to come and see squalor . The ring of slums to the south co-exist cheek-to-jowl with Lavington , one of the city 's wealthiest neighborhoods . Every morning crowds of workers stream through Lavington for their 15-kilometer walk to the city 's industrial zone . Postcard : Obama finds support among Chavistas In Kibera , Obama 's story resonates strongly maybe because when you are scrapping the bottom of the barrel , the only thing keeping you going is a dream : the slum is home to amazing innovation and creativity in film , comedy , music and -- believe it not -- IT . James Mwanzia , 25 , sells charcoal , used by thousands of poor household for fuel . "  The highlight of his term was killing Osama bin Laden , which is something other presidents have not been successful in doing , " he says . Al Qaeda and its fanatical Somali affiliate , Al-Shabaab , which has been carrying out a campaign of terror in Nairobi and on one occasion lobbed a grenade into a Sunday school , is solidly hated . Postcard : Why Berliners , U.S. are kindred spirits Unlike many Kenyans , Mwanzia did n't wake up at 4:00 a.m. to watch the second U.S. presidential debate on TV . Kenya will hold its own general election next March , and for the first time a series of presidential debates has been planned ahead of election day . He says he will watch the local ones . For Kenya 's Muslims , however , the attitude towards America is more complex . Munir Mohammed Abbas , 35 , another Kibera resident , is full of praise for Obama , whom he describes as "  a very eloquent speaker with a very good grasp of national matters , especially on managing the economy " -- before adding , "  I will not comment on terrorism . " Postcard : War-scarred Baghdad has little faith in election Among Muslims , there is suspicion that the fight against al Qaeda targets their religion -- and U.S. campaign talk of an invasion of Iran and the enthusiastic support for Israel are not popular ideas in the mosques . The thrill here over Obama 's 2008 election has dwindled over time . "  Enthusiasm for President Obama is probably 40 percent what it was in 2008 , " said Henry Owuor , Foreign Editor of the Daily Nation , Kenya 's biggest newspaper . "  People used to call and demand that I publish Obama 's pictures and stories . Not any more . " In 2008 , the Daily Nation sent a team to cover the U.S. election ; this year it is relying on its correspondents and the wire services . While Obama is admired because he is smart , calm and dignified , a brave black man doing his duty for his country , he has been in office for four years and the novelty has worn off . Postcard : Obama 's ` hope ' a mirage for hostile Pakistanis Kenyan perception of America has also changed over the years . The U.S. is recognized as a powerful actor not just in regional affairs , but in national affairs . There is a growing belief in Kenya that America exercises its immense power only in its own interest -- sort of like a wealthy friend who comes to a party with lots of food , but does not share . Last October , Kenyan forces crossed the border into Somalia in pursuit of Al-Shabaab . The region 's first contact with jihadist terrorism was in August 1998 when al Qaeda bombed the U.S. embassies in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam . There was an outpouring of sympathy for America . But when Kenyan forces entered Somalia , the U.S. stayed out of it . James Thumi , who sells software , feels Obama has not been sufficiently engaged with Africa . While his predecessors had big initiatives such as the Global Fund to Fight Aids , Tuberculosis and Malaria , and the African Growth and Opportunity Act , which offers African companies preferential access to the U.S. textiles market , Obama has been pre-occupied with domestic issues . Postcard : Obama , Romney ignore Afghans at own peril America also uses travel advisories to chide the Kenyan government for policies with which it disagrees , according to Thumi . "  Placing travel advisories on countries like Kenya because of a few security threats is not the way to go , because we do not do the same when America has had its share of scares , " said Thumi , echoing the common perception that the U.S. government uses travel advisories , which discourage travel to countries at risk , as a big stick to get the Kenya government to do its bidding . In K'ogelo , a village about 400 kilometers west of Nairobi and the home of the Obamas , a victory party is being planned . At the Railway Club , golfers pay no heed to the scorching sun and are out on the green . In the club house , members speak quietly into their cell phones . A few are on their iPads , most likely keeping a worried eye on RealClearPolitics.com to see which ones are leaning and which ones are toss-ups .	President Obama 's father , Barack Sr. , was born in Kenya Obama fervor has faded since 2008 , but he remains source of pride for Kenyans Many Kenyans believe the killing of Osama bin Laden is Obama 's top achievement
CNN  -- Martin Kaymer drained a crucial birdie putt on the 18th green Saturday to hold a commanding five-shot lead going into the final round of the U.S. Open in North Carolina . It gave Kaymer a battling third round of two-over 72 for eight-under 202 as the German seeks his second major title . American pair Rickie Fowler and Erik Compton both shot best of the day three-under-par 67s to take closer order to the runaway leader . Nobody else bettered par with testing pin positions set by officials . 2010 PGA Championship winner Kaymer had started the third round with a six stroke lead after reaching halfway with a record 10-under total of 130 at Pinehurst No. 2 . Behind Fowler and Compton it was Swede Henrik Stenson and Dustin Johnson , who both carded level-par 70s , to stand two-under 208 and maintain slim hopes of lifting the trophy . Kaymer , bidding to become the first man to win the Players Championship and the U.S. Open in the same year , recovered from two early bogeys by eagling the par-5 fifth hole . But missing fairways , he made three bogeys to come back toward the pack until holing from eight foot on the last for a morale-boosting birdie . "  It was good . I did n't play as well as the first two days , but I kept it together , " Kaymer told the PGA Tour website . "  The USGA put the pins in very , very difficult positions . " Behind the leaders , Phil Mickelson 's hopes of completing a career grand slam ended with a two-over 72 for five over . "  If I hit it better and make some putts , I think I can shoot four or five under par , end around even , finish second again , " he joked in a reference to his six runner-up spots in the only major to elude him . Defending champion Justin Rose of England moved into a tie for 10th , with rising star Jordan Spieth also on that mark , after a fine level-par 70 for one-over 211 , but still nine shots behind Kaymer .	Martin Kaymer holds on to lead at U.S. Open Battles to 72 at Pinehurst No. 2 in third round Ricke Fowler and Erik Compton five shots back Gernany 's Kaymer bidding for second major title
CNN  -- Ten years after the fall of Saddam Hussein , Iraq remains "  enmeshed in a grim cycle of human rights abuses , " Amnesty International said in a report Monday . "  Many Iraqis today enjoy greater freedoms than they did under his Ba'athist regime , but the fundamental human rights gains that should have been achieved during the past decade have signally failed to materialize , " said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui , Middle East and North Africa deputy director at Amnesty International . Attacks on civilians , the torture of detainees and unfair trials permeate the country , Amnesty International said . The report said government forces commit torture with impunity , especially against those arrested on suspicion of carrying out terrorism acts . There was no immediate reaction from the Iraqi government . Methods of torture Methods of torture reported by detainees include electric shocks ; including to the genitals ; partial suffocation with a bag placed tightly over the head ; beatings while suspended in contorted positions ; and the deprivation of food , water and sleep , Amnesty said . "  Detainees have alleged that they were tortured to force them to ` confess ' to serious crimes or to incriminate others while held in these conditions , " the group said . "  Many have repudiated their confessions at trial only to see the courts admit them as evidence of their guilt , without investigating their torture allegations , sentencing them to long term imprisonment or death . " 129 hangings Such death sentences contribute to one of the highest execution rates in the world , Amnesty said . Last year , 129 Iraqi prisoners were hanged . "  Death sentences and executions are being used on a horrendous scale , " Sahraoui said . "  It is particularly abhorrent that many prisoners have been sentenced to death after unfair trials and on the basis of confessions they say they were forced to make under torture . " Amnesty International opposes the death penalty worldwide . Sectarian strife Sectarian strife also continues to plague the country , where Shiite Muslims dominate the central government . Thousands of demonstrators in Sunni-dominated areas have protested the arbitrary detention and abuse of detainees , Amnesty said . The protesters also denounced what they say is government discrimination against the Sunni population . Sunni armed groups , meanwhile , continue to attack not only government targets but also Shiite civilians , including religious pilgrims , the group said . Last month , Iraq 's top judicial committee accused Sunni Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi 's security detail of carrying out 150 attacks against security forces and civilians between 2005 and 2011 . Al-Hashimi denied those allegations , saying they are politically motivated . This year marks the 10th anniversary of the U.S.-led invasion in Iraq . The country has struggled to define itself , even after U.S. troops withdrew from Iraq at the end of 2011 . Violence has dropped dramatically But insurgent attacks against civilians and security forces persist . Many areas are still smoldering with sectarian tension and political infighting . CNN 's Neda Farshbaf contributed to this report .	Amnesty International says the torture of detainees and unfair trials plague Iraq The group says detainees are tortured into confessing and sometimes sentenced to death Reported methods of torture include shocks to the genitals , beatings and partial suffocation Sectarian strife between Sunni and Shiite Muslims also plagues the country
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- America 's first female four-star general has been nominated , the Pentagon announced Monday . Lt. Gen. Ann E. Dunwoody was nominated to be America 's first four-star female general . President Bush nominated Lt. Gen. Ann E. Dunwoody to serve as head of the Army 's supply arm . By law women are excluded from combat jobs , the typical path to four-star rank in the military . "  This is an historic occasion for the Department of Defense and I am proud to nominate Lt. Gen. Ann Dunwoody for a fourth star , " said Defense Secretary Robert Gates . "  Her 33 years of service , highlighted by extraordinary leadership and devotion to duty , make her exceptionally qualified for this senior position . " The Senate must approve the nomination . Dunwoody , a native of New York , was commissioned as a second lieutenant in 1975 after her graduation from the State University of New York in Cortland . She also holds graduate degrees in national resource strategy and logistics management . She became the Army 's top-ranking woman in 2005 when she received her third star and became deputy chief of staff for Army logistics . "  I am very honored but also very humbled today with this announcement , " said Dunwoody . "  I grew up in a family that did n't know what glass ceilings were . This nomination only reaffirms what I have known to be true about the military throughout my career ... that the doors continue to open for men and women in uniform . " The Army Materiel Command handles all material readiness for the Army . During her career , Dunwoody has been assigned to the 82nd Airborne Division , 10th Mountain Division and the Defense Logistics Agency . She served with the 82nd Airborne in Saudi Arabia during the 1991 Persian Gulf War . She has been awarded the Distinguished Service Medal , Defense Superior Service Medal , the Legion of Merit , the Meritorious Service Medal , the Army Commendation Medal , the Army Achievement Medal , Master Parachutist Badge and the Army Staff Identification Badge . The first woman to become a general officer in the U.S. armed services was Brig. Gen. Anna Mae Hays , chief of the Army Nurse Corps , who achieved the rank in 1970 and retired the following year . Elizabeth Hoisington , the director of the Women 's Army Corps , was promoted to brigadier general immediately after Hays . She also retired the following year . Maj. Gen. Jeanne M. Holm , the first director of Women in the Air Force , was the first woman to wear two stars , attaining the rank in 1973 and retiring two years later . In 1996 , Marine Lt. Gen. Carol A. Mutter became the first woman to wear three stars . Mutter retired in 1999 . Currently , there are 57 active-duty women serving as generals or admirals , five of whom are lieutenant generals or vice admirals , the Navy 's three-star rank , according to the Pentagon .	Bush nominated Lt. Gen. Ann E. Dunwoody to be head of Army 's supply arm By law women are excluded from combat jobs , the typical path to four-star rank Dunwoody has served 33 years , and became Army 's top-ranking woman in 2005 There are 57 active-duty women serving as generals or admirals
Tokyo  CNN  -- Workers at Japan 's crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant faced a difficult balancing act Tuesday as they struggled to keep reactors cool and prevent radioactive water from leaking into the ocean . Water has been a key weapon in the battle to stave off a meltdown at the facility since a March 11 earthquake and tsunami knocked out cooling systems . But tons of water have been pumped and sprayed to keep the plant 's radioactive fuel from overheating , and the plant is running out of room to store the now-contaminated liquid . "  Now the focus is how to ... remove the water and contain it safely , " Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano , the government 's point man for the crisis , told reporters Tuesday . The discovery of contaminated water in a maintenance tunnel that leads to the No. 2 reactor 's turbine plant has sparked fresh concerns about the possibility of additional radiation leaking from the plant . Japan 's nuclear safety agency said workers were using sandbags and concrete panels to keep the water inside the tunnel , which is located about 55 meters  180 feet  from the Pacific shore . Workers are also trying to pump water out of the turbine houses of the No. 1 and No. 3 reactors , according to the Tokyo Electric Power Company , the plant 's owner . Lights were restored in the main control room of the No. 4 reactor , the utility said . The company also reported that freshwater was being injected into the No. 3 reactor . Seawater was previously used . "  TEPCO is in an awful dilemma right now , " said Jim Walsh , an international security expert at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . "  One the one hand , they want to cool the reactor and keep the reactor cool , so they have to pour water in . If there is a leak in one of the containment vessels , that water keeps leaking out . So they have a problem where the more they try to cool it down , the greater the radiation hazard as that water leaks out from the plant . " Japanese officials and international experts have said they believe there 's been a partial meltdown at three of the plant 's six reactors , and Edano reported Monday that the No. 2 reactor 's containment vessel may be leaking . "  The high radiation levels on site seem to support that idea . There is no visual proof yet , but it 's increasingly likely there was partial fuel melting , " said Gary Was , a nuclear engineering expert at the University of Michigan . The discovery of plutonium , a nuclear fission byproduct as well as a component of the fuel in the No. 3 reactor , among the contaminants on the plant grounds bolsters the suspicion of a meltdown , Walsh said . Though low levels of plutonium can be found worldwide -- a legacy of previous decades of aboveground nuclear tests -- at least some of the contamination likely came from the plant , Edano said Tuesday . "  If we detect higher levels of plutonium , we have to take additional measures , so our intention for now is to carry on with the monitoring on-site , " he said . The element can be a serious health hazard if inhaled or ingested , but external exposure poses little health risk , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . Experts told a U.S. Senate hearing Tuesday they are not sure how soon the reactors and spent fuel can be safely inspected . Japanese officials have been given information on radiation-hardened robots that are being made available to make such observations , said Peter Lyons , acting assistant secretary for nuclear energy in the U.S. Energy Department . The now 19-day-old crisis at the plant has spread radioactive contamination across much of northern Japan . But Tokyo Electric said the discovery of plutonium would not change efforts to bring an end to the disaster , an aftereffect of the magnitude-9 earthquake that struck the region March 11 . The water found in the Unit 2 maintenance tunnel remained radioactive enough to pose an immediate hazard , authorities reported Monday afternoon . The 1,000-millisievert per hour reading was more than 330 times the dose an average person in a developed country receives per year and can result in vomiting and up to a 30 % higher risk of cancer , according to the International Atomic Energy Agency . The level is also four times the top dose Japan 's Health Ministry has set for emergency workers . Radioactive iodine and cesium , also reactor byproducts , have turned up in the sea near the plant . But the levels reported by the utility on Tuesday were down sharply from those seen over the weekend . Tuesday 's tests found levels of iodine-131 , an isotope that loses half its radioactivity within eight days , at 816 times normal levels within about 100 feet of the plant . That 's down from a high of 1,850 times normal reported Sunday at another nearby monitoring post . Authorities have said they do n't think the seawater contamination is coming directly from the plant , but could be caused by particles carried by runoff or that have fallen from the atmosphere . Meanwhile , Edano told reporters Tuesday that officials hope to find workers to relieve those at the plant , who have been scrambling for nearly three weeks to keep the reactors under control . "  On the ground at the nuclear power plant , the workers are working under very dangerous and very hard conditions , and I feel a great deal of respect for them , " he said . As workers inside brave high radiation , the situation has also taken a significant toll beyond the complex 's six reactors . Authorities have banned sale and transport of some vegetables grown in the area after tests detected radiation . Signs of contaminated tap water prompted officials to tell residents in some areas to stop giving it to infants . And the government has said residents within a 20-kilometer  12-mile  radius of the plant must evacuate . The growing damages could have a steep price tag for the embattled Tokyo Electric , as farmers and others impacted by the disaster ask for compensation . Some have questioned whether Japan 's government will step in , and one government minister told reporters Tuesday that nationalizing the company could be an option . "  Of course , a debate on various options should be possible , " Japanese National Strategy Minister Koichiro Genba told reporters when asked whether the government was considering at least partially nationalizing the company . Another topic Japanese officials are already beginning to debate is the country 's energy policy -- and particularly its reliance on nuclear power . Edano said the government will continue to "  strongly promote " clean energy , but fixing problems at the troubled Fukushima nuclear plant and reviewing the safety of the nation 's other plants take precedence . Yoshiaki Oka , a nuclear engineering professor at Tokyo 's Waseda University , told CNN that he remained optimistic that the threat at Fukushima Daiichi would be contained soon . He said Japan 's lack of other resources such as oil or coal made nuclear power a necessity . "  Already , dependence on oil in Japan is very high , " he said . Japan imports nearly 80 % of its oil , a fact Oka called "  very bad for national security . " "  From these considerations , maybe some countrypeople will understand the other option of power generation , nuclear power , can play a role , " he said . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki , Whitney Hurst and Paula Hancocks contributed to this report	NEW : U.S. offering robotics assistance to Japan Lights restored in main control room of reactor No. 4 TEPCO faces an "  awful dilemma , " analyst says Radiation levels drop in nearby waters
CNN  -- My earliest memories of life in Cambodia are clouded -- I strain to recall my biological parents . I do remember waking up each morning , climbing trees to forage for fruit and berries with my cousins , and sitting around a fire each night for the one meal we ate each day . I 've always remembered my Yea  grandmother  but time washed away the memory of her face -- if not her presence -- in my life , which I 'm told began in a refugee camp . After my adoption , memories of Cambodia lived on in my dreams which I would tell my adopted mother upon waking . These nighttime images of life in my homeland : Were they real ? I wondered . One memory is etched clear in my mind : A two-day trip traveling by moped , car and foot only to be left at a building with many infants , toddlers and strange adults . Left alone , I developed a pain in my stomach that seemed to last for days -- no one would tell me why I was abandoned there . I received a package while at the orphanage with pictures and a doll . While the doll was taken away , I was permitted to keep the pictures of these strange white people who held a Cambodian baby . One morning in December 1999 , I was taken to a hotel with another little girl . In the car , we were told we would be meeting our new families . When we arrived , I saw the couple from the photos . Again , the pain in my stomach swelled . The airplane landed after 30 hours of flying . I instinctively knew I was never to see my Yea again . It seemed so cruel -- why was this happening to me ? I could not stop my tears . I arrived to a large house in Long Island , New York , to find that I had two brothers , Joseph , 5 , and Patrick , 7 . With them was my sister , Sofia , a 1-year-old Cambodian girl adopted by my American parents a few months after she was born . I had no idea then what an extraordinary family I was entering . I was immediately drawn to my brothers ' athletic activities , like baseball and ice hockey , which made it easy to get along with them . I had difficulty connecting with my father , probably because all the caretakers in my life had been female . My father was very patient , giving me "  space " until I was ready to open up . No matter how cold or distant I was toward him , at the end of every day , he told me he loved me . I could tell by his hugs and the batting lineup when we played tee ball : "  Girls first , Srey first , " he told my brothers . Six months later , I started to call him "  Dad . " From day one , I had a bond with my new mother . Our first language was soccer . Every day , no matter how cold or rainy , we would kick around a soccer ball . Seeing my enthusiasm for the sport , my mother enrolled me in a soccer league and became the coach . In 2010 , I was named the MVP and awarded the Sportsmanship for the New York State High School State Championship . When I received the award I look up into the crowd and there she was my mom , my coach for life shouting my name . My parents selflessly supported me and my siblings in everything that we pursued , somehow finding time to make each of us feel special , safe and loved . As years went by , I began to have questions about my birth parents and my Southeast Asian roots . In response to my curiosity , my parents arranged a trip to my homeland , Cambodia . My mother and I went in the summer of 2009 . We visited the orphanages where I had lived , bringing toothbrushes , art supplies and other gifts . We spent several days creating arts and crafts with the children and listening to music . For the older kids -- many of whom were close to my age enjoyed the attention -- we held a dance contest for them . As we laughed together , I saw myself in their faces . We spent eight days searching for my family 's village in the northern region of the country . When we entered my village , I instantly recognized the neighbor 's reed home , its distinctive bamboo design in the window . An ocean of emotions hit me like waves on the shore . I ran from the car and , as if I had never left , my Yea appeared out of the door of the hut we once shared . We rushed toward one another 's arms , I could no longer understand what she was saying but her grasp was tight and I did not want to let go . When I did , she dropped to her knees in tears . "  Forgive me for giving you away , " were the words of the translator . She looked at me , she added , "  I would do it again -- you are beautiful women . " I picked her up -- her frame so fragile , her eyes showered with tears . She was the Cambodia that I remembered , the source of those mysterious childhood dreams . Back in the hut , Yea unfolded my own undiscovered story . I was born in Khao I Dang , a notorious refugee camp in Thailand where my family had fled . I returned to Cambodia as an infant with my mother , her sisters , and Yea sometime in late 1993 or early 1994 . It became apparent that dates and details of my past were obscured by my grandmother 's hardships . As we sat in a circle with all of my aunts and cousin , it was evident the only person missing was my mother . According to Yea she died six months after the return from the camp . While Yea wiped away tears , she handed me two photos : one of my mother and another of me as a 3-year-old child . It was my turn to wipe tears from my eyes -- the same eyes as the woman in the photo , the birth mother I had hoped to find and now would never know . As we sat , it felt odd not being able to speak freely with my own grandmother , a translator having to interpret my feelings . I asked my Yea about my childhood . She described me as a hyper child , given to teasing and practical jokes . "  Some things do not change , " my mother laughed . I shared my experience of going to high school , playing on travel soccer teams that traveled to Europe , having a family , planning for college . My Yea did not seem to understand , I could tell in her eyes she was trying to understand , it suddenly occurred to me our lives ended up so dramatically different . As we sat , Yea turned to my adopted mother and spoke with a sudden harshness in her voice . My grandmother wanted to know if my American family had me working in servitude farming the fields . We were shocked . Our translator explained that the dark tan of my skin that triggered Yea 's reaction ; in her life , a dark tan suggests hard work on the land rather than long hours of practice on the soccer field . My mother assured Yea I was a girl with many opportunities in America , that I would be educated and would prosper . Watching my mother 's attempt to put my Yea at ease , I was struck by how different my life would have been if she had not adopted me . I felt a new level of gratitude my parents , my siblings and my life in America .	Srey Powers , a former Khmer refugee , was adopted from Cambodia at the age of six She was left in an orphanage without explanation of what was happening to her Twelve years later she traveled with her adoptive mother to find her Cambodian family She found her grandmother , who said : "  Forgive me for giving you away "
CNN  -- An Australian teen was sentenced to two months in prison in Indonesia for marijuana use in a case that has drawn international attention . The sentence includes time already served so he is scheduled to be released on December 4 , local prosecutors said Friday . He will leave Indonesia after this release and will be blacklisted from re-entering the nation for six months , Prosecutor Gusti Gede Putu Atmaja said . The teen had been moved to an immigration detention center from the police headquarters in late October . It was unclear where he will serve his detention . The 14-year old , whose name was not publicly released , has been held since his arrest last month in Bali while on holiday with his parents . The boy 's attorney , Mohammad Rifan , said last month he hoped to avoid a prison sentence for his client and have him released to undergo drug rehabilitation . Indonesia 's drug laws are among the strictest in the world . But they have a provision , article 128 , under which those arrested with small amounts of drugs can be released to rehabilitation if they can prove they are an addict . In the case of underage offenders , that requires a declaration from the youth 's parents , officials have said . A spokesman for Indonesia 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said last month that the nation 's policy on drug offenses is clear . "  I believe everybody should know by now that illegal drugs in Indonesia will face a really severe penalty , " Michael Tene said . The case has drawn international attention , prompting Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard to speak to the teenager on the phone , the Australian Broadcasting Corp. said last month . Gillard 's office told the network that she offered reassurance to the youth . Visitors to the country are warned , upon arrival , that some drug crimes carry a maximum penalty of death . Still , many have been arrested and convicted for various drug offenses . Two Australians are on death row in a Bali prison while six others are serving life sentences . Journalist Meidyana Rayana contributed to this report	The sentence includes time he has already spent detained He will leave Indonesia after the release He will be blacklisted from re-entering Indonesia for 6 months
CNN  -- As soon as he could , Kevin Ward Jr. got in a race car . As soon as he could , Kevin Ward Jr. started winning races . Ward was just 4 years old , not even in school , when he got behind the wheel of a go-kart . In his first race , he took second . In the next eight years , he won 250 events and six championships , according to his racing website . Racing was his passion , people who knew him said . "  He loved it , " his next-door neighbor , Robert Shue , told CNN affiliate WSYR . "  He 's just a good kid , a hard worker . He loved doing what he did , and he loved his family , " Vicki Shue told the station . Ward died Saturday night from injuries suffered when he was hit on a small dirt track by the race car of NASCAR star Tony Stewart . The 20-year-old had gotten out of his car after a tangle with Stewart caused him to spin out , and he appeared to want to vent his anger at the three-time NASCAR champion . Police are investigating to see if criminal charges are warranted . When Ward was little he would hop in a go-kart and drive it until it ran out of gas . Then he would put some more fuel in and go so more , family friend Steven Mooney told CNN affiliate WHAM . People could see him riding his bicycle as fast as he could up and down the streets of Port Leyden , a village in upstate New York . "  He was always polite . He always said , ` Hi , ' when he rode by , " Larry Loomis recalled . As he grew bigger , Ward raced bigger cars . He moved from go-karts to Micro Sprints  and won 30 more times  then moved to Sprint cars . He was the Empire Super Sprints series rookie of the year in 2010 when he finished seventh in the points standings . This year he was going to try to squeeze 31 races into a six-month schedule . Mooney said Ward , who was brought into racing by his father , was an above-average driver . Chuck Miller , the director of the Empire Super Sprints series , told USA Today the young driver had potential . He showed a lot of promise and talent , " Miller said . "  On the track , you could n't tell him apart from a veteran . He had that kind of talent . " But there is n't a lot of money in sprint car racing , even for the winners . After high school , Ward followed his dad again , going into the family painting business . His father was there to support his son 's racing career . "  His dad was right there with him every time , " the mayor of Lyons Falls , New York , Katie Liendecker , told the Charlotte Observer . The family released a statement Sunday thanking friends and fans for their support , but requesting time to grieve .	Kevin Ward Jr. finished second in his first race -- when he was 4 years old He had a lot of potential , director of racing series tells USA Today Four years ago , he was the rookie of the year in his circuit Neighbors remember him as polite , a good guy
CNN  -- If you want a world-class education without the hefty price tag it usually carries , it 's time you pack your bags and head to Germany . The country 's federal state of Lower Saxony became the last region to scrap tuition fees in mid-October , which means that studying in Germany is now completely free even for international students . So wherever you come from , doors of elite institutions like the University of Heidelberg and Technical University of Munich , both among the world 's top 100 universities , are flung wide open if you 're a gifted student . "  We do n't want higher education which depends on the wealth of the parents , " Gabriele Heinen-Kljajic , minister for science and culture of Lower Saxony told German Pulse . Her Hamburg counterpart Dorothee Stapelfeldt , whose region abolished fees in 2012 , called tuition fees socially unjust : "  They particularly discourage young people who do not have a traditional academic family background from taking up studies . It is a core task of politics to ensure that young women and men can study with a high quality standard free of charge in Germany , " she told Britain 's The Times newspaper . Low cost/high rank Germany has had a long tradition of free education , introducing fees only in 2006 when the constitutional court ruled that moderate tuition fees were not at odds with the country 's pledge for education for all . However , even at around $ 1,300 per year , significantly lower than $ 14,500 and $ 30,000 paid by UK and U.S. students respectively , the fees caused widespread backlash , with federal states dropping them one by one . The funding gap was mainly bridged by the government , with the average worker in Germany facing a tax burden on labor income of 49.3 % in 2013 , the second highest rate out of 34 OECD member countries . The country is already a major destination for international students , ranking third in the world after the U.S. and Great Britain , according to data from the OECD . Overseas students flock to the Germany 's illustrious universities , attracted by the relatively low cost of living and a vibrant cultural scene and nightlife . Independent thinking But before you pack up and go , be aware that studying in Germany can be a very different to campus-based life common in the U.S. and Britain . Lectures often pack up to 200 people , and there is a greater onus on the student to keep track of all the reading and deadlines . "  I feel like English universities are a bit more like schools , they really look after you , print out your timetable for you , and if you miss a seminar they ring you up and ask is everything ok . In Germany , you have to be more independent , " says former CNN intern Phoebe Parke who spent a year studying at Berlin 's Humboldt University during the 2011/2012 academic year . "  My campus was spread all over Berlin , so I would take the underground between classes . That was very difficult if you did n't know the city because there was n't really anyone to help you , and the buildings were sometimes out of the way , " adds Parke , who completed her studies at Britain 's Warwick University . Navigating your way Social life for international students can also be harder to form , as many German students study in their home town and often live with their parents , or share an apartment with friends . But if you negotiate those challenges successfully , Parke says that the German system offers freedom to expand your interests : "  There is a lot less pressure on students because they are not paying for it , so it 's more about the pursuit of learning than just passing an exam and forgetting everything . But you are the one propelling your education forward , not the lecturer . " Read more : Germany : 25 years later and no looking back Read more : A look inside Europe 's economic powerhouse Read more : Sister Doris : Europe 's last beer-making nun	Germany now offers 100 % free university education The measure includes international students Germany is the third most popular destination for overseas students But the university system is very different to the one in the U.S.
Beijing , China  CNN  -- A Chinese artist and activist said Saturday that he has been placed under house arrest for planning a demolition party to "  observe " a government order to raze his studio . Ai Weiwei said he had planned a concert and a river crab feast at the party in Shanghai on Sunday . About 800 people were expected to attend , he said . The term river crab is believed to make a political statement . The Mandarin word for river crab sounds like "  harmonious , " a word some use to describe government censorship . Ai Weiwei opens London installation "  Sunflower Seeds " Ai said he was put under house arrest until Sunday to prevent him from attending the party . "  Just recently I heard the new studio I built in Shanghai studio will be demolished all because of my activities , " Ai said . "  So what is my activity ? My activity is very very simple , asking basic right for people to freely express themselves and also to find a new structure , a new way of communicating . Because I 'm an artist this is what I do and I believe in that . " Ai said he was not allowed to leave his house , which was guarded by police . "  Please accept my deepest apologies , " he tweeted to his guests in Shanghai . Ai said he chose to "  celebrate our life " since the studio was going to be razed anyway . He has accused the Chinese government of trying to silence dissidents before . "  They crack down on everybody who has different opinions -- not even different opinions , just different attitudes , " he told CNN earlier this year . "  Simply to have different opinions can cost -LSB- dissidents -RSB- their life ; they can be put in jail , can be silenced , and can disappear . " The artist helped design the iconic Bird 's Nest stadium for the 2008 Beijing Olympics , but later called for a boycott of the games because he believed China was using them as propaganda . He has also held exhibits in Europe and the United States , and his work is on display at the Tate Modern gallery 's Turbine Hall in London , England .	Ai Weiwei says he had planned a party to "  observe " a government order to raze his studio Ai says he was not allowed to leave his house His house is guarded by police , he says
Melbourne  CNN  -- The two hosts of the 2Day FM Sydney radio program will be feeling awful . In seeking to con their way into recording a telephone call with a patient receiving treatment in a hospital they were doing what they thought FM radio hosts do . Everyone else does prank calls so we 'll do one too . The position of the radio station is different though . This Sydney radio station has a track record of attempting to garner large ratings through shock tactics . In 2009 on this very same radio station a 14-year-old girl was invited into the studio with her mother . She was wired up to a lie detector and asked personal questions . This was considered a jape . To take that jape just that potential ratings point further , the young girl was asked about her sex life . A reminder : she was 14 . Obviously intimidated by the occasion , the fame of the hosts and the setting , she revealed to the vast audience listening at home and in cars that she had been raped when she was 12 . The incident was investigated by the Australian Communications and Media Authority which imposed an additional condition on 2Day FM 's licence that it increase the protection of children participating in its shows . One of the hosts of that broadcast , who is still employed by the radio station , said that early in his career he was told by the program director to "  do whatever you want , just win , " according to the transcript of an interview he did with Radio Today . Do whatever you want . But you know what ? Actually , you ca n't do whatever you want . It may come as a surprise to many but there is actually a code of conduct for Australian radio stations and their on air presenters . It is called the Commercial Radio Codes of Practice Code 6 which currently makes compelling reading : "  The purpose of this Code is to prevent the unauthorized broadcast of statements by identifiable persons . 6.1 A licensee must not broadcast the words of an identifiable person unless : a  that person has been informed in advance or a reasonable person would be aware that the words may be broadcast ; or b  in the case of words which have been recorded without the knowledge of the person , that person has subsequently , but prior to the broadcast , expressed consent to the broadcast of the words . " Jacintha Saldanha was not aware in advance that her words might be broadcast . Of course she was n't , she thought she was talking to the Queen . And I 'll confidently assert that she did n't subsequently consent to her words being broadcast , because if she did we would have heard all about it by now . The CEO of the radio network says , "  nobody could have reasonably foreseen " that a prank their station pulled on a nurse at the hospital , could have resulted in her suicide . That 's probably right . But could they have reasonably foreseen that she would be upset ? Personally and professionally embarrassed ? Hurt ? But the lawyers ran their $ 750 an hour rulers over it and broadcast it was . So what best describes the relationship between the radio station and Jacintha Saldanha ? In 1946 Terence Rattigan wrote a play called The Winslow Boy . An English family of modest means consigns itself to potential penury by securing legal representation for the young son of the family who stands falsely accused of petty theft at his naval academy . The lawyer they retain to defend him , the best in the land , is Sir Robert Morton . In a speech addressing the boy 's many doubters and accusers Sir Robert urges them , in considering this case involving a young boy on one side and the British Navy on the other , to remember a famous old dictum : "  you shall not side with the great against the powerless . " In this whole sad and tragic affair Jacintha Saldanha was truly powerless . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ross Stevenson .	Sydney radio station at heart of tragedy has track record for "  shock tactics " In 2009 the station questioned a 14-year-old girl in the studio about her sex life Ross Stevenson , a Australian radio presenter says rules govern prank calls Stevenson : "  In this whole sad and tragic affair Jacintha Saldanha was truly powerless "
A film that features a dance routine inspired by Karl Marx and examines African art has won Britain 's most prestigious and controversial art prize . The Turner Prize , which is worth # 25,000  $ 40,000  , was awarded to the Irish film artist Duncan Campbell in a glittering ceremony last night . His film , It For Others , which was described by the panel as "  an ambitious and complex film which rewards repeated viewing " , is a response to a "  film essay " from 1953 about African art and colonialism . This archive footage is interspersed with new material , including a dance routine based on the equations in Karl Marx 's seminal work , "  Das Kapital , " created by the choreographer Michael Clark . All of this is overlaid with a voiceover that imitates the style of a lecture . Inevitable controversy The critical response has been largely hostile , with commentators describing Campbell 's video as "  overlong , " "  baffling , " and "  hectoring . " The judging panel , however , admired the artist 's "  exceptional dedication to making a work which speaks about the construction of value and meaning in ways that are topical and compelling . " Campbell was the bookmaker 's favorite . He topped a four-person shortlist that included James Richards , Ciara Phillips and Tris Vonna-Michell to win the coveted prize . The artist described winning the award as "  surreal , " but acknowledged that "  this money will make a huge difference . " "  Even being nominated for the prize has given me great heart , " he said . Some critics have , however , been vocal in their condemnation of Campbell 's winning video . Media debate Digby Warde-Aldam , the art critic for the UK 's Spectator magazine , said : "  Surely no arbiter in their right mind could have let such hectoring , cultural studies-sanctioned guff slip through the net ? " "  If you 're serious about the rubbish on show this year , you are insulting every artist working in Britain today , " he said . The Guardian newspaper , based in London , acknowledged that Campbell has produced "  the most consistently interesting body of work of all four shortlisted artists , " but described his winning , 54-minute video as "  overlong , " "  over-complicated , " and "  more like a lecture than an artwork . " And the Telegraph newspaper quoted the director of the Tate Britain , Penelope Curtis , as saying that the video was "  a bit baffling " and "  quite odd . " Campbell , who lives in Scotland , is a graduate of the Glasgow School of Art . He is the fourth alumni of the school to have won the prize in the last 10 years . The school 's director , Professor Tom Inns , described Campbell 's success as "  a great accolade both for Duncan and for the Glasgow School of Art . " The power of illustration : 11 drawings that altered history How did this human face appear in a gemstone ? Stunning geometric shapes appear in snow on frozen , isolated lakes	Irish artist Duncan Campbell takes home the 2014 Turner Prize , worth # 25,000 Past recipients include Damien Hirst , Tracey Emin and Chris Ofili Mixed reviews circle the media as critics and audiences debate Campbell 's work
London , England  CNN  -- Union members representing British Airways cabin crews said Monday they have voted overwhelmingly to strike , though no date was announced . The industrial action by the Unite union is over the airline 's plans to change cabin crew conditions . Unite said then that working hours were to be extended and crew levels cut , changes that it said would damage customer service and hit the BA brand . In all , 81 percent of the nearly 80 percent of Unite workers who turned out voted in favor of the plan , the union said Monday . A Unite representative told reporters the vote was an "  indication of deep sense of grievance that our members feel " and shows that the airline must resolve this "  through negotiation and not through litigation and certainly not through intimidation . " Shop stewards are to meet Tuesday to consider a strike date . British Airways said in a posting on its Web site that it regretted the strike announcement . "  The outcome of the ballot is very disappointing and brings a renewed threat of industrial action , which is completely unjustified , " the airline said . "  In the weeks before and during the ballot period , Unite claimed that we had breached individual crew members ' contracts by making modest changes to onboard crew numbers on flights from Heathrow . We have always said this claim was false , and it was rejected by the High Court three days ago . "  The vast majority of crew who voted in this ballot will have done so before the High Court decision . We hope Unite will bear this fact in mind as it considers its next steps . " The airline said it believed it had made progress in recent talks and said it wanted to resolve the issues . "  However , we will not allow Unite to ruin this company , " it added . "  Should a strike take place , we will do everything we can to protect your travel plans as far as possible . " Last December , a judge blocked a planned 12-day strike by Unite that was to have begun just before Christmas . The airline , which lost hundreds of millions of dollars last year , has said the changes would save the carrier $ 665 million .	Union members representing BA cabin crews vote overwhelmingly to strike Industrial action is over airline 's plans to change cabin crew conditions In all , 81 percent of nearly 80 percent of Unite workers who turned out voted to strike Airline lost hundreds of millions of dollars last year , says changes will save $ 665 million
CNN  -- Even by the standards of supercars , and nearly a decade after it was first introduced , the Porsche Carrera GT is something remarkable . That much is clear from the moment you climb into it , and find yourself in a cockpit trimmed with carbonfibre , the high-tech material that F1 cars are built from . The GT 's chassis and bodywork are made from the same material . Parts of the cabin bear a close resemblance to other modern Porsches -- the instruments and steering wheel are almost the same as those of the 911 and Boxster -- but all similarities end once you fire up the Carrera GT 's engine . The 5.7-litre V10 motor sits behind you , and bursts into life with a busy , purposeful noise , responding instantly to any pressure on the throttle pedal . It sounds like a race car engine -- indeed , it pretty much is , having originally been created for a Le Mans program that Porsche subsequently cancelled . And the best part of a decade after it went on sale , the GT 's mighty 605bhp power output still makes it one of the most powerful road cars ever constructed . Moving off is the first big challenge . The Carrera GT was only produced with a manual gearbox , and the engine 's instant responses and a race-specification ceramic clutch mean you have to be gentle to avoid stalling . Opinion : Why race car drivers crave speed Yet as soon as the Carrera GT is moving , it starts to feel far more normal . It might have been hyped as a road-going racer , but I found it as easy to drive as any other Porsche . That mighty engine is happy to trundle along at low revs and , once you 've got used to the clutch , the gearshift is light and accurate . The GT is wider than most cars , and its firm suspension means you have to tackle poor quality roads slowly . If I had the money to afford one , I would definitely drive it every day . Start to go faster and the Carrera GT shows a far harder edge to its personality . As a supercar , it 's been designed to go fast -- and its limits are toweringly high . So high that , to get consistently close to them , you 'd need both a racetrack and time to learn the car 's habits properly . The engine loves to rev , and working it as hard as it encourages you to unleashes neck-straining acceleration that 's pretty much outside the frame of reference . Porsche claims the GT can blast from 0-60mph in 3.5 seconds , and from 0-100mph in just 6.9 seconds . Those numbers reflect the car 's ability to shrink even the longest straights . Fortunately , its carbon-ceramic brakes are as good at scrubbing off speed as the engine is at adding it . Astonishing though its straight-line pace is , it 's in the corners that the GT really comes alive . Like all Porsches , it 's easy to drive quickly thanks to accurate steering and a keenness to both change direction and to stick closely to a chosen line . The vast tyres offer huge grip : you can drive the GT quicker than pretty much anything else without ever finding its limits . And within just a few laps on track it 's possible to be pushing the car hard , reveling in the G-forces it can develop and the feedback it offers . Like most modern cars , it has a traction control system as standard -- which works to match the power that gets sent to the rear wheels to the amount of grip available and preventing the back of the car from sliding under power . Most drivers will be able to drive the GT considerably quicker if they leave the system on , but turning it off does reveal another side to the car 's character -- with what can be a sudden transition from the car gripping to sliding . For some , that 's part of the GT 's appeal as a supercar , of course -- but you 've got to be extremely confident in your own abilities to consider switching the system off . And while some parts of the media seem determined to portray the Carrera GT as flawed or inherently dangerous , it 's categorically not . While it 's inevitable that questions will be asked in light of this week 's tragic events , we need to wait until we have all the facts before reaching conclusions . But the truth is that any car offering this extreme level of performance has to be treated with a corresponding degree of respect . Even experienced drivers like Anthony Hamilton , father of Formula 1 racer Lewis , have crashed Carrera GTs , and Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson has described it as having a "  savagery that 's hard to explain . " The higher the limits are , the bigger the risks when you overstep them , so if you do lose control , you 're likely to be traveling at mind-blowing speeds . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Duff .	Paul Walker 's death probe is focusing on speed of the Porsche Carrera GT Carrera GT 's power makes it a powerful road car , writes Mike Duff Some media portray Carrera GT as inherently dangerous , it 's not , he says He writes : Any car with this level of performance must be treated with respect
EW.com  -- The writer James Dickey once described a poet as " someone who stands outside in the rain , hoping to be struck by lightning . " He could 've been talking about Taylor Swift . When the Dean of Tween is n't inviting guys to meet her in the pouring rain , she 's courting danger any other way she can , just for the drama of it all . Her new album is called "  Red " -- as in red light or red alert -- and it finds her singing about walking directly into traffic , wading into quicksand , and flirting with the kinds of jerks Kanye West might toast to . " You look like bad news , " she purrs on " 22 . " " I got ta have you . " One gets the feeling that it 's not this guy 's love she 's after . She 's just using him for the breakup songs . This time around , it 's getting harder to feel sorry for Swift . Whether she 's plucking her mandolin , belting out U2-inspired arena rock , or harmonizing with Gary Lightbody of Snow Patrol or Ed Sheeran , she never sounds happier than when she 's getting dumped hard enough to justify a good revenge anthem . The quotable Taylor Swift Luckily , she 's recruited the world 's greatest boy-shaming pop team -- Max Martin , the Swede behind Kelly Clarkson 's " Since U Been Gone " and Pink 's " So What , " and his partner Shellback -- to produce three of her best tell-offs yet . The smash " We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together " is such a sublime explosion of Euro-pop glee , robots will still pillow-fight to it in 2035 . And between the dubstep-lite chorus of " I Knew You Were Trouble " and gooey-sweet synths of " 22 , " Red should be required listening at the EDM Camp for Girls , if such a thing existed .  In Swift 's polka-dot world , it totally would . " 22 " also shows how savvy Swift is about uniting guy haters of all ages . After enlisting her girlfriends to " make fun of our exes , " she invites them to dance " like we 're 22 . " She is 22 , but this song belongs just as much to the preteens and power moms who pretend to be that age . At times , Swift sounds too eager to TMZ-ify her own life . " Starlight " seems to nod to her recent Kennedy wedding-crasher scandal  " We snuck into a yacht-club party/Pretending to be a duchess and a prince "  . And " Treacherous " is nearly NC-17 .  When she sighs , " I 'll do anything you say , if you say it with your hands , " it 's safe to assume she 's not dating an ASL interpreter .  But the dishiest track is also one of the best . Over plaintive acoustic strumming , " All Too Well " recalls a trip to meet an old boyfriend 's family  Thanksgiving with the Gyllenhaals , perhaps ?  , and goes into heartbreaking detail about nights spent singing to the radio or flipping through photos of her ex as a " little kid with glasses in a twin-size bed . " She leaves her scarf at his sister 's place , and he keeps it long after they 've split , which makes you wonder . "  Red " might be about flirting with danger , but who 's risking more here : Swift , or the guy whose baby photos are now public domain ? For him , it 's not such a fair trade . He walks away with a scarf . And she gets the rights to the memory . B + See the original article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	" We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together " is a sublime explosion of Euro-pop glee On the album she harmonizes with Gary Lightbody of Snow Patrol and Ed Sheeran " 22 " also shows how savvy Swift is about uniting guy haters of all ages
When the developers of the "  Uncharted " video games sat down to brainstorm their latest adventure , the first thing they decided was that they had to have a cargo plane and a cruise ship . No matter that they did n't have a story , script or setting yet . The designers and programmers immediately went to work on what reviewers say are the most memorable scenes in "  Uncharted 3 : Drake 's Deception . " The PlayStation 3 game , published by Sony Computer Entertainment and developed by Naughty Dog , is set to hit stores on Tuesday . "  Yeah , that would be pretty cool . Let 's do it , " Naughty Dog co-president Christophe Balestra recalled saying then . In an interview this week , he and creative director Amy Hennig offered a look at his studio 's unusual storyboarding process . Their goal at the start of each game 's production is to "  try to come up with these set-piece moments that are n't just for show , " Hennig said . "  In many ways , they become the signature pieces of the game . " Those segments also take the longest to plan and build , which is why they need to be conceived as early in the process as possible . A memorable scene from "  Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves " was planned in the same way . It involves a firefight atop a moving train , and it 's a moment that is often referenced when reviewers compare the Uncharted games to blockbuster action films . Naughty Dog executives have said that the train scene took a long time to get right and that they considered cutting it in order to make Sony 's launch deadline . After determining a game 's centerpieces , Naughty Dog 's brass then choose where the story will take place . They ask themselves , "  Where can we go that 's physically different ? " Hennig said . Previous games have sent the protagonist , Nathan Drake , to uncharted territories that include jungles and snowy tundras . For "  Uncharted 3 , " the Drake character will explore sand dunes . Next , Hennig had the unenviable task of figuring out how in the story a giant boat fits together with a desert locale . "  I ca n't start off with a big script , " she said . "  I 'd rather be given the weird challenge of , ` OK , we 're going to do a desert and a cruise ship . Figure out how . ' " Hennig is familiar with atypical assignments . At Electronic Arts in the early 1990s , she was the lead designer for "  Michael Jordan : Chaos in the Windy City , " a game that placed the basketball great into a Super Mario-style adventure , fiery basketballs in hand .  Hennig dodged working on a sister project called "  Shaq Fu , " which has ranked on countless worst-video-game-of-all-time lists . Naughty Dog takes pride in its games having "  character-driven stories , " rather than employing mindless action or scattershot plots . Hennig spurns the use of a "  silent protagonist . " However , character development , which she says is the game 's most important element , still has to bend to the parameters set earlier in the development process . "  The story has to be the most flexible thing in the whole production , " Hennig said . "  It 's way more like working on a television show . " It 's a show that many people are tuning in to . "  Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves " has sold nearly 5 million copies . That beats the original game , which sold 3 million units , not a disappointment by most standards . The expectations are high for the upcoming game , and the initial reactions have been very positive . Still , the technical improvements in "  Uncharted 3 " are n't quite as drastic as the leap Naughty Dog made between the first and second games , Hennig said . The latest edition incorporates features the developer has wanted to have since the original , she said . "  We 're pretty run down , " Hennig said . "  Not only does it get physically harder as you get older , it gets emotionally and spiritually harder . " Naughty Dog does n't expect to put out another game for at least two years , Hennig and Balestra said .  A different studio is making "  Uncharted : Golden Abyss " for the PlayStation Vita .  They said executives have n't decided whether the next game will be part of the Uncharted franchise , or another Naughty Dog series like "  Crash Bandicoot " or "  Jak and Daxter " -- or something completely new . Whatever it is , you can bet the development process will begin with an epic helicopter flight or car chase or explosion of some sort .	Sony 's "  Uncharted 3 : Drake 's Deception " for PlayStation 3 hits stores on Tuesday The previous two games sold a combined 8 million copies Game 's developers say the creation process starts with a big action scene
CNN  -- On Thursday , President Barack Obama is scheduled to deliver a major speech in Washington about his administration 's counterterrorism policies , focusing on the rationale and legal framework for the controversial CIA drone program and his plans to wind down the prison camp at Guantanamo Bay . So we thought it might be useful to examine some common myths about the drone program and the prison population at Guantanamo . 1 . Drone strikes largely target the leaders of terrorist groups that threaten the United States . In fact , of the thousands who have been killed in CIA drone strikes in Pakistan , only 37 were leaders of al Qaeda or affiliated organizations , according to a tally by the New America Foundation . And even if we add to that list the leaders of the Taliban who have been killed in drone strikes , only 2 % of the victims of the CIA strikes in Pakistan have been militant leaders . The drone program , which began more than a decade ago as a tool to kill leaders of terrorist groups , has evolved today into a counterinsurgency air force whose principal victims in Pakistan are lower-level members of the Taliban . Drones , by the numbers 2 . Drone strikes target specific terrorists who pose some kind of imminent threat to the U.S. Obama 's top counterterrorism adviser and now CIA Director John Brennan said in a speech last year that "  in order to prevent terrorist attacks on the United States and to save American lives -- the United States government conducts targeted strikes against specific al Qaeda terrorists . " That 's only partly true , because the CIA has also has occasionally conducted "  signature strikes " against groups of men who display a particular behavioral "  signature " that indicates they may be militants . In these cases , the targeter does not know the identity of the persons in the drone cross hairs . 3 . Drone strikes kill a lot of civilians . That was certainly once the case . Under President George W. Bush , the proportion of those killed by drones in Pakistan who were identified in reliable news reports as civilians or "  unknowns " -- people who were not identified definitively as either civilians or militants -- was around 40 % , according to data assembled by the New America Foundation . But the civilian and "  unknown " casualty rate from drone strikes has fallen steadily over the life of the program . Under Obama that number has fallen to 16 % . And in 2012 it was around 11 % . In 2012 , 2 % of the drones ' victims were characterized as civilians in news reports and 9 % were described in a manner that made it ambiguous whether they were militants or civilians . And in 2013 , civilian casualties are at their lowest ever . That is partly the result of a sharply reduced number of drone strikes in Pakistan -- 12 so far in 2013 , compared with a record 122 in 2010 -- and also more precise targeting . According to data collected by the New America Foundation , three to five "  unknown " individuals have been killed so far in drone strikes in 2013 . Two other organizations that track the CIA drone program in Pakistan , the London-based Bureau of Investigative Journalism and the Long War Journal , report zero to four civilian deaths and 11 civilian deaths respectively . 4 . The United States has no reason to worry about the legal framework governing drone strikes because it is so dominant in drone technology . Only three countries currently are confirmed to possess armed drones -- Israel , the United Kingdom and the U.S. . But some 80 countries have drones , according to a count by the New America Foundation , and a number of them may already be able to arm them . In February , a Chinese state-run newspaper reported that the Chinese government had contemplated deploying an armed drone in a remote , mountainous area to kill a drug lord , but decided instead to capture him . Iran unveiled what it claimed was its first armed drone in 2010 . During a speech last week at the New America Foundation , the U.N. special rapporteur for counterterrorism and human rights , Ben Emmerson , estimated that "  within a matter of certainly a year or two , other states will be deploying the technology , and within five years or so we will see a number of states and possibly nonstate actors deploying similar types of combat technology . " Emmerson also pointed out that the rapid proliferation of drone technology means whatever legal framework the United States puts together to justify its targeted killing campaign "  has to be a framework that we can live with if it is being used by Iran when it is deploying drones against Iranian dissidents hiding inside the territory of Syria or Turkey or Iraq . " A sobering and instructive thought . 5 . The Pakistani government gives a wink and a nod to the drone program , providing tacit approval for its continuation . It is true that Pakistan 's President Pervez Musharraf quietly agreed to allow the CIA 's targeted killing campaign to begin in 2004 . But the program has become deeply controversial and unpopular in Pakistan because of the perception that it kills many civilians and that it erodes Pakistan 's national sovereignty . In April 2012 , the Pakistani parliament voted unanimously to rescind any previous permission that had been granted by the government for the CIA to conduct the targeted killing program . During Ben Emmerson 's visit to Pakistan in March to discuss the CIA drone program with top officials , the point made to him "  consistently , right across government , at the highest level and throughout , was that there is no continuing consent to the use of drones on Pakistani territory . " The next Pakistani prime minister , Nawaz Sharif , who was elected on May 11 with a clear mandate , has urged an end to the drone strikes , telling reporters , "  Drones indeed are challenging our sovereignty . Of course we have taken this matter up very seriously . I think this is a very serious issue , and our concern must be understood properly . " 6 . Obama is soft on terrorists . The CIA has conducted 355 drone strikes in Pakistan 's tribal regions since the targeted killing program began there in 2004 . The vast majority of these -- 307 to be precise -- were carried out under Obama . Even if you take the most conservative estimate of the numbers of people the Obama administration has killed in drone strikes in Pakistan , 1,600 , that is around twice the total number of prisoners that Bush sent to Guantanamo . 7 . Many of the Guantanamo detainees who have been released return to the battlefield . The U.S. government claims that 27 % of those released from Guantanamo are suspected or confirmed to have taken up arms . For security reasons the government has n't released the names of these men since 2009 , but a review of the public record suggests that number is quite inflated . According to a review by the New America Foundation of news articles , Pentagon reports , and other relevant documents , of the 603 detainees who have been released from the prison , only 17 individuals  2.8 %  are confirmed to have engaged in terrorist or insurgent activities against the United States or its citizens , while 21 individuals  3.5 %  are suspected of engaging in such activities . 8 . The detainees still held at Guantanamo are too dangerous to release . Some undoubtedly are , such as the operational commander of 9/11 , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed . But contrary to the fulminations of officials such as Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina -- who said last year that Guantanamo detainees are "  crazy bastards that want to kill us all " -- half of the men still held at the prison camp were cleared for release three years ago by a task force of Department of Justice and Pentagon officials . To be exact , 86 of the 166 men still imprisoned at Guantanamo were either found to be guilty of nothing , or were low-level fighters who could be repatriated subject to some continued monitoring by their home country 's government . 9 . There are no benefits for the U.S. to release additional prisoners from Guantanamo . Obama correctly said of Guantanamo in April , "  It is expensive . It is inefficient . It hurts us in terms of our international standing . It lessens cooperation with our allies on counterterrorism efforts . It is a recruitment tool for extremists . It needs to be closed . " The cost per year to keep one prisoner at Guantanamo is estimated to be $ 800,000 , more than 30 times the cost of keeping a prisoner in a jail in the United States . And the Pentagon is asking Congress to approve a $ 200 million renovation plan for the prison . The prisoners at Guantanamo have also featured frequently in jihadist propaganda , making it a recruitment tool for would-be al Qaeda members . There is also a way forward through Guantanamo to obtaining some kind of peace deal with the Taliban . As a "  confidence-building measure " for peace negotiations , theTaliban have agreed to release the only U.S. prisoner of war , Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl , in exchange for a handful of senior Taliban figures being held at Guantanamo , who would then be held under some form of house arrest in the Persian Gulf state of Qatar . This deal is a precondition for continuing serious peace talks with the Taliban . The 27-year-old soldier has been in captivity since the Taliban seized him on June 30 , 2009 .	President Obama to speak Thursday on drone program , Guantanamo Peter Bergen says there are many misconceptions about both issues He says idea that drones target leaders of anti-U.S. terrorist groups is mostly not true Bergen : It 's a myth that all those at Guantanamo are too dangerous to release
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton could be an excellent presidential candidate for the Democrats in 2016 . After suffering through an extremely difficult loss in the primaries against Barack Obama , Clinton has managed to strengthen her resume . As secretary of state , she improved her standing on foreign policy and earned more respect among Democrats who had been skeptical of her positions ever since her vote on the resolution to authorize force in Iraq in 2002 . The press has been showering praise on Clinton in recent months . Even though the next presidential election is more than three years away , there have been numerous stories about how Clinton can dominate the nomination process . Polls show that she comes out ahead of most Democrats as well as prominent Republicans , such as New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio . One poll conducted by the Washington Post found that 67 % of Americans have a favorable view of Clinton . The Ready for Hillary super PAC has already launched its website . "  We are going to keep up the energy and excitement surrounding her potential candidacy , " said the PAC 's chairwoman , Allida Black . There have even been articles about why she is not the inevitable candidate , the kind of discussion that only tends to fuel the perception that she is at the top of the heap . Bill Clinton hints at run for Hillary But Clinton needs to be careful . In 2008 , Barack Obama turned Clinton 's experience as first lady and senator into a liability . Back then , Clinton was also seen as the experienced candidate who would inevitably win the nomination . When Clinton won the New Hampshire primary after a stunning loss in Iowa , many reporters credited her experience . Clinton did not back away from this image . "  I put forth my lifetime of experience , " she said . "  Senator Obama will put forth a speech he made in 2002 . " Sensing the mood of the Democratic electorate , Obama capitalized on the fact that he was not a Washington insider . He aggressively attacked Clinton by depicting her as the quintessential politician who was shaped by the Beltway , someone who voters could not trust to keep her word , and a Democrat who would certainly disappoint loyal members of the party by sticking to the status quo . While Clinton 's supporters boasted that no other candidate matched her skills , with each Obama victory , the press became more excited about the unexpected turn in the contest . Obama did what Jimmy Carter did in 1976 , when he took on Washington heavyweights such as Henry "  Scoop " Jackson and Morris Udall by making experience a bad word . Ronald Reagan did the same to his Republican opponents in 1980 , including George H.W. Bush , whose sterling record turned into a huge liability with primary voters . In an era when voters distrust the government , they can often see value in the person with less experience in the system . And in an era when reporters cover elections like horse races , the underdog is often the most exciting person to write about . Of course , Clinton was anything but "  just " a Washington insider . That image was as much the creation of her opponent 's political campaign as her own . Opinion : Hillary Clinton , a mistake for 2016 Her campaign could easily have depicted her as someone who would be a fresh voice in Washington -- the first female president , a person who had struggled to make the role of the first lady something bigger , a fighter who had taken on the aggressive conservative establishment , even as her husband betrayed her before the public eye . While in the Senate , Clinton displayed remarkable skills at winning over support among many skeptics , including Republicans who had once fought to impeach her husband . Yes , this is about experience in Washington , but her success was also a considerable asset that few politicians possess . With all the praise that is being showered on her potential candidacy , it 's easy to see Clinton facing the same challenges if she decides to run in 2016 . Clinton will have to remember the lessons of 2008 . Clinton certainly deserves all the positive coverage , but she ca n't let it define her . For if she does decide to declare her candidacy , there might be so little excitement left by the time that it is made that the media will turn their attention to any fresh voice , such as New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , who is an extremely potent politician . The narrative that campaigns tell about a candidate plays a huge role in the outcome of a contest . Clinton has an impressive story to tell . She has championed women 's rights for decades . She embodies the drive for female equality by shattering many glass ceilings . She has deep political experiences at home and abroad . More than anyone at the moment , she has the potential to be America 's female president . If she runs , Clinton needs to make sure that her Democratic as well as Republican opponents do n't turn her strength into a weakness once again . Clinton needs to find the right balance between selling her experiences and skills and keeping the excitement that her candidacy could bring to a Democratic ticket . She needs to sell the message that her candidacy is distinct and historic . And if she could bring enthusiastic and idealistic supporters to the ballot box just as Obama was able to do , then she has a chance to truly make history . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Hillary Clinton could be an excellent presidential candidate in 2016 Zelizer : But Clinton has to be careful , as her experience can turned into a liability by rivals He says Clinton needs to sell her skills as well as keep her candidacy exciting and fresh Zelizer : The former first lady has an impressive story to tell but ca n't let others define her
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Islamic militants have moved fighters to the Somali border town of Afmado in an effort to combat Kenyan forces who have entered Somalia , the militant group Al-Shabaab said Tuesday . The group said it viewed the Kenyan forces crossing of the joint border as "  an affront to Somalia 's territorial sovereignty . " This move of fighters , which started Monday , comes after the militant group had threatened to "  come into Kenya " if Kenyan forces did not leave Somalia . "  Kenyan troops have entered 100 kilometers into Somalia , and their planes are bombarding and killing residents , " Sheikh Ali Mahmud Ragi , spokesman for Al-Shabaab , said in an online message posted on a jihadist website this week . "  We shall come into Kenya if you do not go back . " In response , the Kenyan and Somali governments issued a joint communique declaring Al-Shabaab "  a common enemy to both countries . " They pledged to work together to stabilize Somalia and cooperate in security and military operations . Kenyan forces crossed into Somalia to pursue Al-Shabaab fighters after the recent abductions of tourists and aid workers in Kenya heightened tensions in East Africa . Kenya invoked the U.N. charter allowing military action in self-defense against its largely lawless neighbor . The abductions are part of a "  recent spate of blatant attacks " that are part of "  a changed strategy by Al-Shabaab calculated to terrorize civilians , " the communique said . "  If you are attacked by an enemy , you have to pursue that enemy through hot pursuit and to try  to  hit wherever that enemy is , " said Kenyan Defense Minister Yusuf Haji in a news conference that aired Sunday on CNN affiliate NTV . Al-Shabaab , which is linked to al Qaeda , has been fighting to impose its interpretation of Islamic law , or sharia , on Somalia . The group issued a statement Tuesday , however , denying responsibility for the abductions . "  These are mere suppositions unfounded in any solid evidence , " the statement said . "  Kenyan authorities have been seeking justification for an aggressive incursion on to Somali territory . " On September 11 , armed bandits broke into a beachfront cottage where Britons Judith and David Tebbutt , both in their 50s , were staying . David Tebbutt was shot dead while trying to resist the attack . His wife was grabbed and spirited away on a speedboat , and is believed to have been taken into Somalia . On October 1 , pirates made another cross-border raid , this time snatching a French woman in her 60s from a holiday home on Manda Island where she lived part of the year . Earlier this month , gunmen abducted two Spanish workers from the medical charity Doctors Without Borders from the Dadaab refugee complex , about 80 kilometers  about 50 miles  from the Somali border . Kenya announced its new tactics days after African Union forces claimed victory against Al-Shabaab in the Somali capital of Mogadishu . The military said last week it had taken the remaining Al-Shabaab strongholds in the far northeast of the city . "  The challenge is now to protect civilians from the sort of terror attack we saw last week , as they attempt to rebuild their lives , " said Lt. Col. Paddy Ankunda , spokesman for the African Union Mission in Somalia . He was referring to a suicide truck bombing in Mogadishu this month that left dozens dead . Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility . Other Al-Shabaab attacks that week led to the deaths of at least 10 civilians . Federal and African Union forces have battled Al-Shabaab in the impoverished and chaotic nation for years . Many analysts believe the military push has severely affected Al-Shabaab , along with targeted strikes against organization members and the weakening of al Qaeda . Al-Shabaab said in August it was withdrawing from Mogadishu , and Somalia 's Transitional Federal Government , backed by African Union peacekeepers , now controls most districts of the capital , the U.N. office has said . However , the group still poses a threat , Ankunda has said .	NEW : Kenyan and Somali governments pledging cooperation in Al-Shabaab fight NEW : Al-Shabaab , which is linked to al Qaeda , denies role in recent abductions The move of Kenyan troops comes after threats from Al-Shabaab to enter Kenya
Back when Mike Tyson bit off a piece of Evander Holyfield 's ear in 1997 , it seemed unlikely the two boxers could ever reconcile . But apparently , time heals all wounds . In a reunion that was once unthinkable , Tyson will be Holyfield 's presenter for his induction into the Nevada Boxing Hall of Fame . The Nevada Boxing Hall of Fame made the announcement on its website . Tyson will deliver the presenting speech for the former heavyweight champion . The ceremony will take place August 9 at the New Tropicana Hotel in Las Vegas . Tyson calls the opportunity to present Holyfield a "  privilege and high honor . " Holyfield 's response to Tyson presenting him : "  That is great ! " Nevada Boxing Hall of Fame president and founder Rich Marotta says that Tyson presenting Holyfield is "  sheer magic . " "  This is the kind of thing we showed is possible in boxing last year at our inaugural induction ceremony , " Marotta said . "  Former and even current rivals coming together under the same roof to celebrate boxing . Everyone checks those rivalries at the door . " In November 1996 , Holyfield defeated Tyson at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas by an 11th-round TKO . Their highly anticipated rematch was in June 1997 at the same venue . In the third round of that bout , Tyson shocked fans around the world when he bit off a piece of Holyfield 's right ear . Tyson was disqualified from the fight . In the years that have followed the ear-biting , Holyfield and Tyson have been on better terms . They 've even been in a recent television commercial together . In a humorous Foot Locker ad , Tyson says , "  I 'm sorry , Evander , " handing him a box that is supposed to have the piece of Holyfield 's ear in it , saying he kept it in formaldehyde . Included in this year 's Nevada Boxing Hall of Fame class are Holyfield , George Foreman , Roberto Duran , Joe Louis , Sonny Liston , Cornelius Boza Edwards , Jack Dempsey and Archie Moore . Tyson is a member of the inaugural class of 2013 .	Mike Tyson will present Evander Holyfield at induction into Nevada Boxing Hall of Fame In a memorable 1997 boxing match , Tyson bit off a piece of Holyfield 's ear Apparently bygones are bygones ; they appeared in a recent TV commercial together Others being inducted include George Foreman , Sonny Liston , Joe Louis , Jack Dempsey
CNN  -- The Mojave boneyard in the California desert is where old airplanes go to die -- a wasteland of decrepit planes , titanic heaps of titanium and aluminum waiting to be scrapped for metal in India or China . Plane boneyards are a rich source of spare parts for MotoArt to create their functional furniture . But for Dave Hall and Donovan Fell , the boneyard is only the beginning . They own MotoArt , a company based in California that turns old aircraft parts into high-end furniture and functional art . From beds and desks to light fixtures and wall partitions , Hall and Fell say they are doing more than reinventing cast-offs from retired planes , they 're creating pieces of aviation history . "  Once they are gone we can never get them back again , " said Hall of the abandoned planes at Mojave . "  So what we like to do is actually take these aircraft parts and preserve them and give them a second life in some really fun , functional art . " MotoArt began in 2000 when Hall and Fell , former co-workers at an architectural sign company in Los Angeles , collaborated on an art exhibition that showcased Fell 's polished B-17 bomber propeller sculptures . See before and after photos of recycled plane parts " "  We sold out the entire show , and the gearheads all loved it , " said Fell . It was then that the duo realized their unique art project could have a much wider audience . Encouraged by the success of the exhibit , the duo began exploring the nearby Mojave boneyard for more than just propellers -- B-25 rudders for desks , 747 jet engine cowlings for beds , F-4 ejection seats for , well , ejection seats . "  Who 's never wanted an ejection chair ? " laughs Fell , sitting in the company 's studio in Los Angeles , where the MotoArt team bring back the treasures they find in the Mojave Desert . Watch Dave Hall at work at the Mojave boneyard " The duo 's most popular pieces of ` functional art ' are their desks , ranging from the sleek 8-foot DC-9 tail stabilizer desk , which retail at around $ 15,000 , to the imposing 14-foot DC-4 conference table , which costs a whopping $ 60,000 . According to Hall , hundreds of hours are sometimes spent cutting , sanding , polishing and surfacing a single piece . It took the MotoArt team 220 hours to turn a single 747 cowling , the large shiny aluminum strip covering a jumbo jet engine , into a spectacular 8.5-foot diameter chrome receptionist 's desk . Hall said it takes hundreds of hours to produce a fuselage partition , from using a chainsaw to slice 10-foot sheets out of the main section of a plane , to polishing and readying it for the showroom floor of the Dutch carmaker Spyker , which has commissioned MotoArt to create exhibitions for the company around the world . Hall and Fell began the company out of their garage , and now have 15 employees and a 12,000 square-foot studio with a showroom that could double as an aviation museum . "  It 's like a larger version of my room when I was 10 years old , " says Fell of the MotoArt headquarters . But MotoArt is anything but child 's play -- in just nine years the company has carved out a niche in the high-end furniture market , creating a multi-million dollar business thanks to a wide range of corporate clients . The company counts Boeing , Microsoft , Red Bull and the United States government as happy MotoArt customers , as well as a number of airplane enthusiasts and celebrities . But for Hall and Fell , it is the preservation of the planes that gives them the greatest satisfaction . "  It 's heartbreaking to see these planes that have serviced our country for decades being crunched up and destroyed , and it gives us a little piece of heart that we are able to recycle this and give it a second life , " he said .	Men at MotoArt search boneyards for old plane parts to recycle into furniture They use B-25 rudders for desks , 747 jet engine cowlings for beds MotoArt prides itself on preserving aviation history with functional art
CNN  -- Social-networking giant Facebook has entered the check-in world . Facebook executives on Wednesday announced the launch of Facebook Places , which -- similar to services such as Foursquare and Gowalla -- will allow people to use the GPS on their mobile phones to let friends know exactly where they are . Facebook Places is available immediately in the United States through the latest version of Facebook 's iPhone app and , for other advanced mobile phones , through the company 's site for advanced mobile devices , executives announced at Facebook 's headquarters in Palo Alto , California . Users who wish to announce their location to their friends on Facebook would tap a "  check in " button to see a list of places nearby , and then choose the place that matches where they are . "  After checking in , your check-in will create a story in your friends ' News Feeds -LSB- on Facebook -RSB- and show up in the Recent Activity section on the page for that place , " Places product manager Michael Sharon wrote on Facebook 's blog . What do you think of the new feature ? Facebook staff also said the feature will be useful not only to let friends know where they are , but also to learn if their friends are nearby at the same time , and to write down what they are doing at the location and what they think about it -- creating a trail allowing friends to see what the writer did there days or even years ago . When users check into a place , they also can "  tag " any Facebook friends who are with them , essentially letting other friends know that the person is there , too . To cut down on the potential for users to falsely tag friends to a place , people can tag friends only if the taggers themselves check in to the location , too . Sharon , speaking during Wednesday 's announcement , said Places has other safeguards to address potential privacy concerns . First , check-ins will appear only to users ' Facebook friends as a default , and users can further trim the recipients list to specific friends . Users also can remove check-ins by phone or web at any time , Sharon said . Facebook said it would make Places available in other countries and on more mobile platforms soon . Facebook staff said the company planned to let Foursquare , Gowalla and other services enhance their current integration with Facebook . Executives with Foursquare and Gowalla were at Wednesday 's announcement in Palo Alto , previewing plans to ramp up how their users will announce their locations on the social-networking site . The past year has seen big growth in the relatively new mobile check-in space . Foursquare , which essentially made its debut in 2009 at the South by Southwest Interactive festival in Austin , Texas , was one of the combatants in a so-called "  Location War " at this year 's festival , going heads-up with Austin-based rival Gowalla . Since then , Foursquare has become the clear favorite of the two -- and a darling of tech media , even as it looks for ways to turn a profit . Boasting a half-million users at the start of SXSW , Foursquare doubled that in about a month then needed only another three months to hit 2 million last month . On mobile apps like Foursquare , users "  check in " at restaurants , bars , movie theaters or just about anywhere else they visit . The idea is twofold -- to let friends know what you 're up to , while racking up points and earning virtual badges in the application 's gaming element . The New York-based Foursquare has begun forging some corporate partnerships and some businesses have started offering discounts and other deals for users who check in frequently . Facebook , with its half-billion users , represents a massive potential user base for Places . CNN 's Doug Gross and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Facebook makes announcement at its headquarters on Wednesday Company debuts location-based feature like Foursquare or Gowalla Foursquare , Gowalla and other services to enhance their integration with Facebook Feature available immediately in the United States ; more countries to come
CNN  -- Canada , which is ending its combat mission in Afghanistan in July , on Tuesday announced "  a new role " to play in the war-torn nation , with a focus on security , diplomacy , human rights and development . "  Building on strengths and accomplishments over the past years , Canada is committed to helping build a more secure , stable and self-sufficient Afghanistan that is no longer a safe haven for terrorists , " said Foreign Minister Lawrence Cannon . The government says the estimated cost from 2011 to 2014 "  is $ 700 million  US $ 694.5 million  a year over three years , although final costs will not be known until after 2014 . " "  The combat mission will end in 2011 , " Cannon said in a statement . "  As we continue to work alongside the Afghan people and the international community , Canada will continue to play an important role in supporting efforts toward a better future for all Afghans . " Based in the Kandahar area , Canadian forces have been one of the major troop contributors to NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . There are more than 2,900 troops at present , ISAF said , and 152 Canadian service members have lost their lives in the conflict , according to a CNN count of the fatalities . After next year and until March 2014 , Canadian troops will continue training Afghan security forces and will provide up to 950 military trainers and support personnel . "  Since this mission began , Canada , along with our international partners , has helped to train and mentor about 50,000 Afghan troops . The post-2011 non-combat training mission will further contribute to the goal of preparing Afghans to assume responsibility for their own security , " said National Defence Minister Peter MacKay . Canadians will work to improve the lives of Afghan women and back the G-8 Initiative on Maternal , Newborn and Child Health . Canada also will help with other humanitarian efforts . "  The future of Afghanistan resides in the hands of women , children and youth , " said International Cooperation Minister Beverley Oda . "  Thanks in part to our investments , we have achieved significant progress in helping improve life for women and children , but more progress is required , especially in Afghanistan 's education and health sectors . Canada will continue to place an important focus on women in its development work in Afghanistan . " Canada also will work in the area of regional diplomacy , continuing its efforts in areas such as border cooperation . "  Canada will continue to facilitate dialogue and advance concrete activities to improve cooperation among the countries in the region , in particular between Afghanistan and Pakistan , " the government said . "  Canada is well-placed to continue this leading role and will further support projects that counter violent extremism in border regions . "	Canada has played a major ISAF role There will be up to 950 trainers and support personnel Canada will focus on women 's lives
CNN  -- Jesse Ray Beard said he was constantly in trouble , even when he behaved . It took being accused of the racially charged attempted murder of a white classmate in the Deep South to turn his life around . Living with attorney Alan Howard , right , has afforded Jesse Ray Beard a bevy of new experiences . Beard , 18 , now interns at a New York law firm as he prepares for his senior year next month at Canterbury School , a Connecticut prep academy where Beard is highly regarded among peers and teachers . "  I did n't change the way I act . I did n't do nothing different . It was just that I was at Canterbury instead of Jena , " he said . "  It was like Jena was out to get me -- and not just me , but other people , too . " If not for the controversy surrounding the Jena Six and the palpable racial tension in the Louisiana town , Beard never would have met the attorney who changed the course of Beard 's life by removing him from everything he knew . Watch Beard describe his reaction " Alan Howard met Beard , the youngest of the African-American teens who made up the Jena Six , in January 2008 when he began representing him in a lawsuit filed by beating victim Justin Barker . The fight followed months of disquiet among Jena High School students , including off-campus skirmishes , a school arson and nooses hung from a campus tree . In September 2007 , thousands of protesters , alleging the teens were treated harshly because they were black , converged on middle Louisiana . Protesters were particularly angered at the jailing of Mychal Bell , one of the six , who was charged as an adult . Later in September , he was reclassified as a juvenile and released . The Jena Six were lionized and vilified ; donations for their defense poured in , as did threats on their lives . Howard said his first impression of Beard -- that he had "  tremendous character , tremendous resilience and tremendous potential " -- was so strong he invited the teen to live with his family in New England . It 's been a tidal shift , Beard said , moving from a Louisiana town of 3,000 to Bedford , New York , a well-to-do city of 18,000 situated an hour north of the Big Apple . The biggest shock ? "  Where I 'm from in Jena , I think the only time it snowed is when I was 6 , and it was like 1 inch . " Another difference , he said , is not living in a town where everyone associates him with one of the most controversial events in contemporary race relations . See history of Jena Six " The Howards say Beard meshes seamlessly . Though he struggled with the curriculum at Canterbury -- a Catholic school in New Milford boasting a six-to-one student-teacher ratio -- he is seeing tutors and showing improvements . He spent the summer helping attorneys at Howard 's firm prepare for court cases and looks forward to his senior year as a three-sport athlete . Head football coach Ken Parson said he "  ca n't wait to unleash " the 5-foot-11 , 215-pound Beard . Beard is a candidate for team captain , Parson said , and the coach hopes Beard 's leadership and "  quiet confidence " will draw recruiters from Division I schools . Division II schools are already snooping around , he said . "  When he gets going , he 's like a freight train . He 's also got the softest pair of hands you could ever imagine on a high school football player and can make moves in the field like Barry Sanders , " Parson said , invoking the Detroit Lions ' legendary running back . Though football , baseball and basketball are his preferred sports , Beard has picked up lacrosse from playing with Howard 's sons -- Nick , 14 , and Tommy , 11 -- and tennis from playing with Howard 's daughter , Jessie , 17 . She said his tennis skills are "  ridiculous . " Other fresh experiences include snowboarding in Utah , surfing in Long Island , visiting the Hamptons and attending baseball games at Fenway Park and Yankee Stadium . Around the house , he 's a big brother , said Howard , whose children welcomed Beard immediately . "  My kids were the ones who said , ` If it means getting out of Jena , let him stay here , ' " Howard said . "  My 14-year-old son said , ` He can share my room , ' and he does n't even let his 11-year-old brother in his room . " Beard is prone to the same gaffes as any teenager , Jessie said , giggling as she recalled a time he replaced a box of snacks in the cabinet after finishing the last one . Her mother , Patti , left the box on his sneakers with a note : "  Would you like more of these ? " "  He 's just another member of the family , " Jessie said . "  Now , when people ask me how many brothers I have , I say three , not two . " Beard said he could never be proud of his involvement with the Jena Six , but he believes God put him through tribulations to deliver him to a better place . "  I 'm not glad it happened , but I 'm glad I came to a good family , " he said . Beard 's mother , Stella , is a "  remarkable woman , " Howard said , but Beard did n't have much supervision at home . Howard thought to himself in 2008 , "  It 's not just enough to keep the kid out of jail one time because the system is stacked against him . " Five of the Jena Six had already made tracks -- to Texas , to Georgia , to other parts of Louisiana -- but Beard had nowhere to go . That he was on house arrest for another juvenile offense confounded matters . "  I promise you I will get you out of Jena , whatever it takes , " Howard told Beard . "  You promise me that you 'll hang in there , keep doing what you 're doing , going to school and keep out of trouble . " Beard 's mother made "  the ultimate sacrifice , " allowing Howard to pursue guardianship and ferry her son 1,500 miles to New England . She put aside Jena Six donations to help Howard pay Canterbury 's $ 40,000-a-year tuition , he said . She declined to be interviewed . Beard left Jena in spring 2008 . About a year later , Beard , Robert Bailey , Theo Shaw , Carwin Jones and Bryant Purvis pleaded no contest to misdemeanor battery . Fines and probation were doled out and civil suits settled . The terms were undisclosed . Bell , who served as the face -- and lightning rod -- of the Jena Six , had separately pleaded guilty to a second-degree battery charge in December 2007 . Weeks after completing his 18-month sentence at a juvenile facility , Bell shot himself in the chest in December after an arrest on shoplifting charges . He later said the pressure to be perfect prompted him to pull the trigger . Read Bell 's remarks after the suicide try Jena is often painted as a town of bumpkins who pursued draconian criminal charges and exorbitant bails for a school fight but turned a blind eye when three nooses dangled from a campus tree . Beard , however , bristles at the portrait and defends his hometown . "  No , sir . There 's not more racists in Jena , " he said . "  There 's racism everywhere . I just ca n't blame it on Jena because I did get along with the white folks and they did like me . " As he and his five cohorts pursue educational and athletic endeavors around the nation , Beard hopes they wo n't be dogged by racial matters but that they 'll be "  superstars , not from being the Jena Six , but from whatever we go to college for . " Howard and Parson have confidence Beard will succeed , no matter his occupation . "  Whatever he ends up doing , " the coach said , "  he 's going to be great . "	In spring 2008 , Jesse Ray Beard went to live with his attorney 's family in New York Once accused of attempted murder in Louisiana , Beard now attending prep school Attorney Alan Howard 's daughter , Jessie , says she considers Beard a brother Football coach says he "  ca n't wait to unleash " Beard at linebacker , wide receiver
CNN  -- With President Obama 's nomination Tuesday , a federal appellate judge could become the first Hispanic U.S. Supreme Court justice and the third woman to serve on the high court . Former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales says some have concerns about Sonia Sotomayor 's philosophy . Sonia Sotomayor , who is on the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , was named a U.S. District Court judge by President George H.W. Bush in 1992 , and was elevated to her current seat by President Bill Clinton . Sotomayor , who is of Puerto Rican descent , rose from humble beginnings at a housing project in the South Bronx and went on to attend Princeton University and Yale Law School . CNN 's Wolf Blitzer spoke with former U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales about what it means to have a Hispanic judge nominated , what problems conservatives may have with her , and whether he believes she 's the right person for the job . Here is an edited version of that interview : Blitzer : Let 's get to a former member of the Bush administration who has a unique perspective on Sotomayor 's nomination to the United States Supreme Court . That would be the former attorney general of the United States , Alberto Gonzales . He once was seen as a possible contender himself to be the first Latino on the high court . Attorney general , thanks very much for coming in . Gonzales : It 's good to see you , Wolf . Blitzer : How close were you , in your mind ? Did you ever find out how close you were to being President  George W.  Bush 's nominee for the Supreme Court ? Gonzales : I did n't concern myself , Wolf , with respect to my status on the short list , so ... Blitzer : But do you know if you were on the short list ? Gonzales : That 's a question , I think , that 's better posed to President Bush . Blitzer : But you -- but you know you were , right ? Gonzales : Listen , I know that people -- people did consider me as a possible candidate for the Supreme Court . Blitzer : All right . Well , now there 's going to be -- well , there 's a nominee , already , who 's Hispanic , a woman . Gonzales : Yes . Blitzer : How do you feel about that ? You 're the first Hispanic to serve as the attorney general of the United States . What do you think about her ? Gonzales : I think it 's a proud day for the Sotomayor family . It 's a historic day for the Hispanic community . I do n't think that any gender group or ethnic group is entitled to representation on our courts . I do n't think that the outcome of a case should depend upon the ethnicity or gender of the judge , any more than the outcome of a case should depend on the ethnicity or gender of a prosecutor or defendant . But having said that , Wolf , this is a powerful message , a powerful message of hope and opportunity of hope through this appointment , just like there 's a powerful message sent when an African-American is elected president or an African-American or Hispanic is appointed as attorney general of the United States . It 's a powerful message that a president listens to , and this president obviously did . Blitzer : Because that picture that we saw earlier at the White House , the first African-American president now nominating the first Hispanic justice -- to become a United States Supreme Court justice . That says a lot about what 's going on in our country right now . Gonzales : Again , it says a lot about opportunities in our great country . Obviously , this judge still needs to go through a confirmation process . There are questions , some concerns raised in certain quarters about her judicial philosophy , but that 's what the confirmation process is all about . And no nominee is entitled to a free confirmation process , an easy confirmation process . She will be fully vetted , as she should be , because this is a lifetime appointment to our nation 's highest court . Blitzer : Here 's what she said back in 2001 , and I 'll put it up on the screen : "  I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n't lived that life . " That 's generating some commotion out there . Gonzales : I 'm not sure what that -- what she was trying to say there . I think -- you know , I served on the Texas Supreme Court . And there were times -- there were cases in which I had to interpret a statute . I did n't like the outcome based upon that interpretation as I read the statute , the intention of the state legislature , but I felt obliged by my oath of office to honor that intent of the legislature . I think it 's dangerous when judges impose their own personal views with respect to the outcome of a particular case . Blitzer : Did you -- when the president of the United States says he wants something -- someone who 's empathetic , and has had real-world , real-life experiences , is that good or bad ? Gonzales : I think we all -- we 'd like to think that all of our government officials are good people , compassionate people . And obviously , someone with this kind of story makes a very attractive candidate in a confirmation process . But to say that you empathize with someone , I think it 's -- it 's very , very difficult to predict the outcome of a case based upon whether or not a judge feels good about a result . I think there ought to be predictability and certainty in the interpretation of our laws . I think that 's the number one requirement that a president should look for in the nomination of a Supreme Court justice . Blitzer : Based on what you know , the fact that the first President Bush named her to the federal bench to begin with . She was confirmed . Then President Clinton got her to the court of appeals . She was confirmed . Based on what you know about her , do you think she 's qualified to be a United States Supreme Court justice ? Gonzales : I have no questions in my mind about her qualifications in terms of education , experience . A president is not required to nominate the most qualified person to the court . I think he 's obligated to nominate someone who is well qualified , and I think by any measure she is well qualified . I think there are legitimate questions about her judicial philosophy , and again , that will be something that ... will be examined in the confirmation process . Blitzer : As a Hispanic-American , how worried are you that if Republicans or conservatives go really hard against her , that would further alienate the Hispanic vote against the Republicans in the years to come ? Gonzales : Well , obviously , the Republicans are very desirous of the Hispanic vote , but they have an obligation , a duty . They took an oath as well to the Constitution , and they have an obligation to vet every nominee carefully , whether or not that nominee is Hispanic , and you know , white , African-American , male or female . They have an obligation , and I expect them to discharge that obligation . Blitzer : How worried are you , switching gears for a moment , that the Justice Department lawyers who wrote those legal opinions authorizing enhanced interrogation , how worried are you that the system now will come down on them , either disbarment or worse ? Gonzales : What I worry about , Wolf , is that good people , well - intentioned people serving in a historically difficult time , a dangerous time in our nation 's history , may be penalized for doing their best , simply providing the best legal advice that they can . I 'm afraid of the chilling effect that that 's going to have on future lawyers at the Department of Justice . Blitzer : You were the White House counsel at that time . This was before you became the attorney general . Gonzales : That 's correct . Blitzer : And were you involved in some of those legal opinions early on ? Gonzales : Well , what I can say is that I worked with the Department of Justice ensuring that legal advice was provided . But at the end of the day , it 's the responsibility of the Department of Justice to provide the legal guides on behalf of the executive branch . Blitzer : So are you in any -- do you think -- are you afraid that you could be in any legal jeopardy right now ? Gonzales : Wolf , I stand by my record . I did my best to defend our country during very difficult times , so I 'm proud of my service . Blitzer : All right . Attorney general , thanks very much for coming out . Gonzales : Thank you , Wolf .	Former attorney general : No questions in my mind about her education , experience Alberto Gonzales says some concerns raised about judge 's judicial philosophy He says Sotomayor 's appointment , like Obama 's election , provides hope Gonzalez : Still , no gender or ethnic group is entitled to representation on our courts
CNN  -- Among the most enduring urban legends about high-level policy-making in the U.S. government is the proverbial memo with three options : 1 . do nothing ; 2 . do everything ; 3 . find a middle ground and muddle through . And yet in truth , Barack Obama really does have only three options in Syria . It appears that the president , rightly the avoider-in-chief when it comes to Syria , has chosen option three , the least bad alternative . And here 's why . Do nothing This is n't really an option . Forget the fact that the president a year ago drew his own red line against Bashar al-Assad 's use of chemical weapons . Disregard the reality that this is reportedly the largest single deployment of chemical weapons since Saddam Hussein used them against the Kurds in 1988 ; dismiss the fact that 100,000 Syrians have died in this civil conflict ; and the president is accused of fiddling , Nero-like , while Syria burns . Just focus on the events of the past five days in Washington . What has been emanating from administration officials both on and off the record is the most well-advertised and telegraphed military action in the history of modern warfare . Rarely do we get this kind of preview of the operation , its size and character . Combine that with the Secretary of State John Kerry 's brief but powerful statement of moral outrage the other day and the president 's PBS interview , and you get as authoritative a commitment to strike as is humanly imaginable . Indeed , forceful statements and actions of the past few days have now constituted their own red line . And if the president does n't enforce it , he will be truly damaged goods when it comes to foreign policy for the remainder of his term . Neither his regional allies  Israel and the Saudis  nor his adversaries  Iran , Hezbollah , Russia  will find him credible or believable . As it is now , everyone says no to the U.S. without much cost or consequence . Do everything From the beginning , Sens. John McCain and Lindsay Graham and a whole host of liberal interventionists and neoconservatives outside the government have repeatedly called for a more robust policy on Syria , even suggesting that the president , by not acting sooner , enabled all of this misery to unfold . Syria , the president 's critics maintain , is a major threat to U.S. interests -- and to our allies in the region -- and only a takedown of the al-Assad regime through supporting the opposition and direct application of U.S. military power will begin to address the problem . The argument has not called for boots on the ground but for extensive use of no-fly zones , the use of U.S. air and missile power to degrade the regime and military support for the opposition . President Obama has wisely and willfully avoided this approach . And he continues to avoid it now . The reason has to do with the general problem of an open-ended military commitment and the lack of correlation between the use of U.S. military power and its relation to the end state . Syria is in the throes of a brutal civil war . The opposition is composed of more than 1,000 disparate rebel groups , the most effective allied with al Qaeda and other Sunni extremists . A victory of the latter would be a blow to U.S. interests . Ousting al-Assad wo n't be cheap or easy . It took eight months to get rid of Libya 's Moammar Gadhafi , and he had no weapons of mass destruction , no serious air defenses or military capacity and no credible allies . And look at the end result : a post-Gadhafi environment in which there are too many guns , grievances and regional rivalries and no credible central authority . And Libya pales in comparison with Syria 's complexities . Devising a serious military strategy to get rid of al-Assad -- serious weapons for the rebels ; no-fly or - drive zones ; and sustained air/missile strikes against Syrian military units , infrastructure and leadership targets -- also means U.S. responsibility for what follows . Barack Obama has avoided this option because he rightly does n't want America getting stuck with the check for Syria . Muddle through The option the U.S. is likely to undertake -- focused more narrowly on trying to deter the Syrians from using chemical weapons again and degrading al-Assad 's military capacity in the process -- is far from ideal . Although I think the administration 's military actions will be far more devastating than the limited strikes being talked about , it is unlikely to change the arc of the battlefield balance . There are other downsides , too . Once the glass ceiling against the use of force is broken , the expectations and pressures to use it again will grow . There 's always the danger too of a response by Hezbollah or Syria against Israel , however unlikely . And sooner or later , al-Assad will commit some other horror that will require another U.S. response . This kind of episodic intervention without a real strategy can undermine American credibility , too . To be sure , there are real risks in acting on option three , and Obama most assuredly is a reluctant warrior . Indeed , in view of the parliamentary opposition to British Prime Minister David Cameron 's willingness to join the U.S. , he may be a lonely warrior , too . But he 's going to war with Syria nonetheless . Al-Assad 's apparent use of chemical weapons , the president 's own words and those of others in his administration leave him no other choice . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron Miller	Aaron Miller says President Obama seems to be leaning to the least bad option in Syria He says limited strike may be risky but less so than doing nothing or trying for regime change Miller : If Obama does n't act after large chemical weapons attack , he 'll be written off as ineffective
To Oriannah Paul and many on the right , embattled Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is a hero who stood on principles and took the state out of the red and created a surplus . To Lane Hall and many on the left , Walker is a man who should be removed from office for stripping collective bargaining rights and cutting education funding . In March 2011 , after weeks of bitter dispute highlighted by demonstrations inside the state Capitol , Walker and GOP allies in the Wisconsin State Legislature pushed through a bill to limit raises for public employees , except police and firefighters , to the rate of inflation . They also moved to bar unions from deducting dues from workers ' paychecks . Meet Scott Walker : From the archives , watch Gov. Walker in 2011 make his case : "  we do n't have any more money . ' The past 16 months have been a nonstop slugfest , pitting neighbor against neighbor , and in some cases splitting families in half ideologically . ` Where 's the civility ? ' Paul , a tea party follower and founder of the Sheboygan Liberty Coalition , glows when she talks about Scott Walker . People know she 's a fan when she drives by in her pickup truck with its magnetic "  Scott Walker is my hero " bumper stickers . But when she talks about the nastiness of the race , fear transforms her expression . "  I 've never seen anything like this in my life , " Paul says of the negativity . "  Where 's the civility ? Why ca n't we be amicable ? " Paul says her car -- plastered with her Walker bumper stickers -- has been keyed , and she 's even been hit in the head with a sign , all because of the recall race . Does Obama 's absence portend outcome of Wisconsin recall vote ? "  It 's unfortunate that there has to be so much division , " she says . A dog groomer as of a few years ago , Paul has only just recently gotten involved in politics . It started with a general dislike of President Barack Obama , and it 's coming to a head with this one race , a race she believes will carry over into the general election . She 's organizing rallies and taking part in various door-knocking and phone bank efforts . "  We are facing one of the most critical elections in the history of this country . What happens here will determine what happens across the country . " Tim Phillips is president of Americans for Prosperity , a conservative advocacy group built around many of the same principles as the tea party . They 've pumped more than $ 10 million into Wisconsin touting Walker 's policies . Phillips agrees there are larger implications at stake . "  It 's big for the people of Wisconsin and their economic future , but I think it 's even bigger nationally as well . I think every governor , every state legislator around the country is looking at Wisconsin , and they 're going , OK , if I got the courage to stand up and do what I think is right to get my state moving again ... will someone have my back ? And hopefully the answer is going to be , you bet . " Americans for Prosperity launched its final effort in this campaign , a bus tour titled "  A Better Wisconsin , " on Wednesday . Paul was present at the Sheboygan stop . The tour wraps up with a large rally hosted by the Racine chapter of the tea party and will not only include the AFP bus but the Tea Party Express bus as well . TPE launched a bus tour Saturday that wraps up on election day . Democrats may not be planning any bus tours , but they did plan several rallies over the weekend . They 've also been campaigning for Barrett in some rather unconventional ways . ` This is a story ... about Wisconsin ' Lane Hall is a 56-year-old English professor at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee . Per Walker 's legislation -- known as simply Act 10 -- Hall 's benefits were cut by 8 % . And while 8 % may not sound as bad as others in the state have seen , Hall says the benefits package at UW-Milwaukee used to be the selling point at the school . "  It is seriously difficult now to both retain and attract quality people , " Hall said . "  We are no longer competitive . " Democratic group makes $ 100k Wisconsin push in final days Hall has never described himself as a political activist but , on this issue , he said to himself he "  ca n't sit this one out . " He wanted to come up with a way to make eye-catching campaign signs for the after-dark hours . He and his wife built their very first sign out of battery-powered LED lights and it said simply , "  Recall Walker . " The signs have only gotten more elaborate , and the Overpass Light Brigade , as they 're known because they display their signs on bridges after dark , has grown into a routine party . Hall said they 'll sometimes have as many as 60 people at their "  bridge parties " on pedestrian overpasses . "  We started to realize that the power of it is really in the community of volunteers . " State Democratic Party spokesman Graeme Zielinski said those on the left are banking on that same community to show up to vote on Tuesday . Some public polls have given a slight single-digit edge to Walker , but Zielinski says the Democratic base is far from giving up hope . In fact , he says , internal numbers show it 's dead even . "  We 're too close , " Zielinski said . "  You 're not going to fight for something for 16 months and then give up in the last couple of days . " Team Walker has seen a whole host of rock star Republicans in recent weeks -- Govs. Chris Christie , Nikki Haley , Bobby Jindal -- while Team Barrett only just Friday got some star power of its own in former President Bill Clinton . Zielinski said none of that will matter . "  We love our national friends , we think they 're great , but this is a a story right now about Wisconsin . " Regardless of who wins on Tuesday , both sides say they hope the vitriol subsides after election day . But they are n't all that optimistic . Said Paul , the newly minted Sheboygan activist : "  I think the dividedness is not going away anytime soon . "	"  Where 's the civility , " says Oriannah Paul , a backer of Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker Conservative advocate says larger implications are at stake Cuts mean "  we are no longer competitive , " says college professor who supports recall State Democratic spokesman : Recall is not a national issue , but a Wisconsin issue
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Katherine Jackson will share guardianship of Michael Jackson 's three children with TJ Jackson under an agreement that is supported by the oldest son , Prince , her lawyer said . TJ Jackson , the 34-year-old son of Tito Jackson , will "  take joint legal responsibility for certain day-to-day duties such as the management of household personnel , including security , " attorney Perry Sanders said Friday . "  Mrs. Jackson is extremely pleased with the prospect of enjoying the pleasure of raising Michael 's children without the day-to-day tedium of items such as managing the large staff that goes with such a high profile family and focus her attention on being a grandmother and raising Michael 's children , " Sanders said . Katherine Jackson suspended as guardian of Michael Jackson 's children TJ Jackson has been close to the children much of their lives and was left in charge of them in the past when Katherine Jackson was away . "  Mrs. Jackson and TJ have often shared responsibilities of raising the children since Michael Jackson 's tragic passing , " Sanders said . The agreement comes two days after the Los Angeles judge overseeing the probate of Michael Jackson 's estate named TJ Jackson to be the temporary guardian because Katherine Jackson might have been "  prevented from acting as a guardian because of the acts of third parties . " TJ Jackson 's petition to be permanent guardian that was filed Friday will be amended next week asking the judge to make Katherine Jackson and her grandson TJ co-guardians of Prince , 15 ; Paris , 14 ; and Prince Michael II , 10 , who 's also known as Blanket . The 82-year-old Jackson family matriarch returned to her Calabasas , California , home early Thursday after 10 days away . Her business manager , lawyer and the children said they thought she was traveling to a Jackson concert in Albuquerque , New Mexico , but she never arrived . A missing person report was filed six days later , but she was later found to be at an Arizona spa with several of her sons and daughters . The missing person report triggered a media storm , with Paris Jackson tweeting for people to help find her grandmother or at least to get a phone call from her . Prince Jackson was involved in the "  very productive meeting " with Katherine Jackson , her lawyer , TJ Jackson and his lawyer Thursday evening that resulted in the deal , Sanders said . "  Following reaching agreement , Margaret Lodise , the court-appointed guardian ad litem for the children , was brought into the meeting by conference call , " he said . "  Ms. Lodise confirmed with Prince that the agreement reflected the wishes of all the children . " Katherine Jackson "  greatly appreciates the recent love and concern that supporters have shown for her and the kids , and she hopes the court will grant this request for co-guardianship , " Sanders said . "  She is eager to simply enjoy her great relationship with these children , while deeding over some of the stressors that go hand-in-hand with being a guardian . " Jackson family drama an unwanted reality show She even found humor in some of the speculation about her health that emerged in the past week , Sanders told CNN after the meeting last night . "  I am pleased to report that she is fine and she laughed at the widely publicized report that she had suffered a stroke . " A letter signed by several of her children , including Janet , Jermaine , Randy and Rebbie Jackson , accused executors of her estate of abusing her and referred to a "  mini-stroke , " which her lawyer said never happened . Those four Jacksons teamed up to take their mother to a spa near Tucson , Arizona , on July 15 , later saying it was under a doctor 's orders . Hours after his grandmother 's return , Prince criticized his famous aunts and uncles on Twitter , saying they had taken his grandmother away and kept her out of touch for 10 days . "  I 'm really angry and hurt , " he tweeted . "  Although I am happy my grandma was returned , after speaking with her I realized how misguided and how badly she was lied to , " Prince tweeted . Prince Jackson blasts aunts , uncles over grandmother 's treatment His Twitter posts included a photo of his cell phone screen , which he said showed "  a group chat I had started to several family members . This group text message I had started was replied to but they did n't know that I could see the responses . For this whole time , they denied us contact to our grandmother . " The image appeared to show Prince sending a text to aunts Rebbie and Janet Jackson : "  This is enough so I am texting you for the simple fact that WE DEMAND TO SPEAK TO MY GRANDMA NOW !!! " The reply , apparently from Janet Jackson , was : "  Do n't let them pls . " The text exchange came three hours after Janet Jackson was seen on security camera video apparently attempting to take Paris Jackson 's cell phone away in the driveway of Katherine Jackson 's home . Janet Jackson 's representative did not immediately reply to CNN 's request for comment . Prince 's Twitter posting referred to words of caution from his father . "  As long as I can remember my dad had repeatedly warned me of certain people and their ways , " he tweeted . The tweet concluded , "  If you continue with your lies I will continue with the truth . " It was signed "  Michael Jackson Jr. " The tweets mysteriously disappeared several hours later , replaced with a message disavowing them . That message subsequently vanished and was replaced by another saying Prince did n't know if his account had been "  hacked . " He then reposted the original message about his grandmother and the image of the text exchange . Before Katherine Jackson began the long drive back to California on Wednesday , she appeared on camera and read a statement to ABC News . As her children Rebbie , Jermaine and Janet stood behind her , she read from a yellow notepad : "  I am devastated that while I 've been away ... my grandchildren have been taken away from me , and I 'm coming home to see about that , " Jackson said . The network was not allowed to ask her any questions . Jackson family feud caught on tape The Jackson strife : Family bickers Jackson family drama in tweets	NEW : Attorney : "  Mrs. Jackson is extremely pleased " to share guardian duties with TJ Jackson NEW : TJ will handle the "  day-to-day tedium of items , " the lawyer says NEW : TJ Jackson has been close to the children much of their lives NEW : Prince , Paris and Blanket approved the co-guardianship plan , lawyer says
CNN  -- Medical tourism is one of the hottest topics in health care as patients around the world are increasingly traveling abroad for treatment . Wockhardt Hospitals in India actively target international patients . Josef Woodman , author of Patients Beyond Borders , a guide to medical tourism , told CNN that two to three million people travel outside their home country for treatment each year , while consultancy firm Deloitte calculates that 750,000 Americans traveled abroad for treatment last year . The top regional destination for medical tourists is Asia , with Singapore , Thailand and India leading the way . Those countries are home to private health care chains that target international patients and are building modern , high-tech hospitals with a reputation for quality care . See more medical tourism hotspots " Bumrungrad International Limited  BIL  , based in Thailand , owns and operates over 70 health care facilities in seven countries . According to BIL , its Bangkok flagship hospital treats over 400,000 foreign patients a year , with over 90,000 coming from the Middle East . Parkway Health , a Singaporean hospital chain , says the city of Singapore attracted approximately 450,000 international patients last year , and in India , the Apollo Hospitals Group says it has treated more than 60,000 foreign patients in the last five years . What these chains have in common is that at least some of their hospitals are accredited by Joint Commission International  JCI  , the global arm of an American nonprofit organization that accredits most U.S. hospitals . That provides overseas patients with the assurance that their treatment will be of an internationally recognized standard . Dr. Ajaya Jha , director of neuroscience at Max Hospital in New Delhi , told CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta that medical tourism to India was being driven by a lack of available health care in neighboring countries , and by the lower cost of treatment in India compared with developed countries . "  Slowly we 're developing a reputation for having the best technology in the world and some of best people in the world to do this , " said Jha . For uninsured or underinsured Americans , low prices make treatment in Asia an attractive option . Surgery in Thailand and Latin America can cost a quarter of its U.S. price , and JCI-accredited Wockhardt Hospitals offer open heart surgery in India for $ 8,500 , compared to around $ 100,000 in the U.S. and $ 28,000 in the UK . In countries with state-run health services , such as Britain and Canada , long waiting times for surgery are encouraging patients to look overseas for a cheaper alternative to private treatment in their own country . Would you travel abroad for medical treatment ? Share your views in the SoundOff below But contrary to the popular view of patients traveling from wealthy nations to developing countries for cheap medical care , a recent survey by consultancy firm McKinsey found that most medical tourists travel in search of advanced medical technologies or to receive better care than they would at home . Woodman says 250,000 Indonesians are treated in Singapore each year , while Cambodian and Vietnamese resident choose Thailand for treatment and patients from the Middle East favor Singapore and Thailand . While medical tourism is targeted as a growth industry in some developing countries , there is concern that it will result in a "  brain drain , " where doctors migrate from public hospitals to private hospitals that cater to international patients . South Korea recently limited foreign patients to no more than five percent of its hospital beds , to ensure domestic patients do not lose out . Woodman says the "  brain drain " is n't an issue in India , because there are so many talented surgeons and physicians there in the public and private sector . He adds that developing countries can benefit from medical tourism . "  The presence of medical tourism brings a lot of economic clout into a country and raises the bar by forcing at least certain hospitals to rise to the top standards of healthcare , " he told CNN . While the bulk of medical tourism is for private care , there is a move towards a kind of state-funded medical tourism within the EU . Rulings by the European Court of Justice in recent years have verified the right of all EU citizens to receive healthcare in another member state , paid for by their own country 's health system . Diane Dawson , a senior research fellow at the Center for Health Economics at York University , England , told CNN that patients can only take advantage of this if their own country can not provide treatment without "  undue delay . " That limitation , as well as the difficulty in getting authorization from their own national health system , means that relatively few patients currently travel within the EU for treatment , she said . But an EU draft directive published last year aims to make the approval process easier and more transparent . Keith Pollard , director of British Web site Treatment Abroad , told CNN that the new directive will mean patients will be able to receive treatment abroad regardless of waiting times in their own country . But patients will only be reimbursed up to the amount their treatment costs in their home country and they will probably still require some degree of approval from their own health system . Pollard says that while he does n't foresee a boom in medical tourism within the EU , he believes the new legislation will encourage patients to seek treatment abroad and help create a European health care market .	Two to three million people travel abroad for medical treatment each year Leading destinations for medical tourists include Singapore and Thailand Surgery at a top hospital in India can cost one-tenth of its U.S. price An EU draft directive could lead to increased medical travel within the EU
CNN  -- Ahmed Shafik was Hosni Mubarak 's last prime minister . Now he hopes to become Egypt 's first democratically elected president . He is running against Mohamed Morsi of the Freedom and Justice Party , the political arm of the Muslim Brotherhood , in the presidential runoff election that begins Saturday . Like Mubarak , Shafik is a former air force officer with close ties to Egypt 's powerful military , "  the quintessential candidate of the counter-revolution , " in the words of Khaled Elgindy , a visiting fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington . Shafik , who briefly served as prime minister in the waning days of Mubarak 's presidency , is one of two candidates to advance from the country 's first round of presidential voting in May . The runoff election between Shafik and Morsi will decide who will become Egypt 's first democratically elected president . On Thursday , Egypt 's highest court ruled cleared the way for Shafik to participate in the runoff after invalidating a law that barred former members of Mubarak 's regime from running in the election . The ruling came the same day the court dissolved parliament after declaring the constitutional articles that regulated parliamentary elections were invalid . Despite his ties to Mubarak 's rule , Shafik , 72 , is trying to portray himself as a man of the people . In the weeks leading up to the May election , his presidential campaign used all the tools of the Internet age to get his message out , with a website , a YouTube channel , a Facebook page and a Twitter feed . One of his many YouTube videos shows him dressed in a black T-shirt , meeting supporters and pinching the cheeks of a cute little boy . His campaign posters portray him in more professional attire , in a suit and tie , just a hint of an avuncular smile around his lips and the eyes behind his rimless glasses . And his Facebook page shows off a photo of him as a young man with Egyptian President Anwar Sadat , who won a Nobel Peace Prize for making peace with Israel before he was assassinated for the historic outreach . In the decades of Mubarak rule that followed , Shafik rose through the ranks . As Egyptians rose up against Mubarak in January 2011 , the man who had led the country so long that he was nicknamed "  Pharaoh " shuffled his government ministers one last time , promoting Shafik from civil aviation minister to prime minister . Mubarak was toppled less than two weeks later , but Shafik remained in power for a few weeks longer , saying he and his government would report to the military council that took control of the country after Mubarak resigned . Shafik himself resigned on March 3 , 2011 , after a brief effort to keep Mubarak and his allies from being prosecuted after their ouster . As a result , Shafik is supported by many of those who lost out as a result of Mubarak 's removal from power , said Omar Ashour , director of Middle East studies at the University of Exeter in England , who is currently in Cairo . His supporters include "  the powerful ones , a collection of businessmen and generals , " said Ashour , a visiting scholar at the Brookings Institution in Doha , Qatar . Some members of the Supreme Council of Armed Forces may also back him "  because he might maintain the status quo , " Ashour said , doubting that Shafik could win a popular vote . "  There 's no way he would get in without  vote  rigging and , if that happened , I think there would be the possibility of another revolution , " Ashour said . Ashour plays down the chance of that happening , however , saying it would be too dangerous for the Supreme Council of Armed Forces , given the current volatile situation in Egypt . Shafik has been the target of particular anger from the Muslim Brotherhood , the country 's venerable Islamic opposition movement that won the largest share of the seats in parliamentary elections after the revolution . In April , the Brotherhood called for a mass protest in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , the symbolic heart of the Egyptian revolution , against the presidential candidacies of Shafik and Omar Suleiman , Mubarak 's longtime head of intelligence . Both were disqualified from running , but Shafik successfully appealed the ruling . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Ahmed Shafik was Hosni Mubarak 's last prime minister He 's a former air force officer with deep ties to the establishment His campaign is using Facebook and YouTube to show he 's a man of the people He successfully appealed against a ruling barring him from running
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Solemn music from the world 's biggest stars served as the soundtrack to Friday night 's telethon for Haiti relief , but the fundraiser ended with Wyclef Jean shouting "  Enough of the moping , let 's rebuild Haiti . " Organizers did not immediately say how much money was raised during the two-hour "  Hope for Haiti Now " show , but donations will continue to flow in as the phone lines remained open and the night 's musical performances are sold on iTunes . A moving performance by Alicia Keys opened the telethon . Actor George Clooney , serving as the Los Angeles host for the event , made the first appeal for donations to raise money for relief efforts after last week 's devastating earthquake . "  The Haitian people need our help , " Clooney said . "  They need to know they are not alone . They need to know that we still care . " The show was one of the most widely distributed prime-time televised benefits in history , appearing simultaneously on more than 25 networks -- including CNN , where Anderson Cooper reported live from Haiti during the event . Children left homeless and orphaned by the earthquake were front and center . "  Hundreds and thousands of children in Haiti are lost and they 're looking for their parents , " actress Halle Berry said . "  Please , look into your heart . Please , help these children of Haiti . " Cooper , in one of several live appearances , was joined by 5-year-old Monley , a Haitian boy who was pulled alive -- but severely dehydrated -- from the rubble nearly eight days after the quake . Ten members of his family , including both parents , were killed . Actor Samuel L. Jackson , walking in front of a phone bank staffed by celebrities , assured viewers that "  100 percent of your donations will go directly to organizations that are on the ground right now . " More than 100 actors , musicians and other celebrities answered phones in New York and Los Angeles -- after professional operators first talked to donors . "  Thank you so much for your donation , " actress Reese Witherspoon told one caller . "  You ca n't imagine how much love and great , wonderful energy is here today . People are doing everything they can to make a difference in these people 's lives . " "  I 'm just calling to help out , " the male donor said . "  I could n't donate a lot , but what I could I did donate . " Several other calls were aired live , including with Julia Roberts , Steven Spielberg , Taylor Swift and Stevie Wonder . Boxing great Muhammed Ali appeared with comedian Chris Rock by his side . Ali -- who was diagnosed with Parkinson 's disease 25 years ago -- sat silently as Rock delivered a message he said was written by Ali . "  There 's an old saying that charity begins at home , but it can not end there , " Rock said . Jean -- a native of Haiti and the New York host for the event -- talked about his visit last week to Haiti . "  I was there to clear away concrete and pull away rubble , " Jean said . "  I carried bodies of my people to the cemetery . " Jean 's "  Yele Haiti Foundation " will receive some of the money raised . "  From the ashes we shall rise , so please give what you can , " he said . Bruce Springsteen performed "  We Shall Overcome , " a spiritual that became the anthem of the U.S civil rights movement . "  This is a small prayer for Haiti , " Springsteen said as he began . Other musical performers included Stevie Wonder , Shakira , Beyonce , Mary J. Blige , Coldplay , Christina Aguilera , Taylor Swift , John Legend , Justin Timberlake , Kid Rock , Sheryl Crow , Keith Urban , Jennifer Hudson , Madonna , Dave Matthews and Neil Young . Bono , The Edge , Jay-Z and Rihanna also joined for a song . Haitian singer Emeline Michel performed "  Many Rivers to Cross , " a Jimmy Cliff song . Other celebrities appearing on the telethon included John Stewart , Brad Pitt , Tom Hanks , Morgan Freeman , Ben Stiller , Clint Eastwood and Denzel Washington . The show -- presented by MTV -- was carried on CNN.com / Live and the CNN iPhone application . Other networks airing "  Hope for Haiti " included ABC , CBS , NBC , FOX , BET , The CW , HBO , MTV , VH1 and CMT . The show was also aired on the Discovery 's eco-lifestyle television network , Planet Green . Proceeds from the telethon will benefit Oxfam America , Partners in Health , the Red Cross , UNICEF , the U.N. World Food Programme , Yele Haiti Foundation , and the Clinton Bush Haiti Foundation . The event is not the first time the stars have come out to drum up donations in the aftermath of a catastrophe . Celebrities stepped up to lend their names and voices to telethons after the terrorist attacks on September 11 , 2001 , Hurricane Katrina and the tsunami in South Asia . The predecessor of them all was Live Aid , which raised millions for the continent of Africa and was broadcast around the world in 1985 . Judy McGrath , the CEO of MTV Networks , told People magazine that she received a phone call from Clooney two days after the earthquake . The actor wanted to help , she said . "  He jumped in with such incredible commitment , " McGrath said . "  And he had already spoken to Bono , Wyclef , Sting and Bruce . " That commitment became the foundation for "  Hope for Haiti . " Putting his money where his star power is , Clooney has donated $ 1 million . Sandra Miniutti , vice president of the charity evaluation organization Charity Navigator , said the relationship between charities and stars is mutually beneficial . "  The celebrity looks more altruistic to the public . They are seen doing good things and it makes them more endearing , " she said . "  For the charity , it makes them more important that they are able to be affiliated with such a well-known person . " Charities would n't be able , financially , to pay for the type of publicity and exposure celebrities bring to a cause , Miniutti said . And the success of drives such as the "  American Idol " campaign , "  Idol Gives Back , " show the public does n't mind programming that both entertains and inspires generosity . In the case of Haiti , Miniutti said she believes the devastating images and stories are having a profound effect on the public . "  We are just seeing such a tremendous outpouring of support , " she said . "  I think people really do want to help . " Musical performances from the telethon will be available for purchase and download from Apple 's iTunes store . Apple , the record labels and the artists have pledged to donate their share of the proceeds to Haiti relief funds managed by the telethon charities . CNN 's Lisa France contributed to this report .	"  Hope for Haiti " one of the most widely distributed prime-time televised benefits in history Actors staff the phones , musicians play the songs on telethon Telethon broadcast on more than 25 networks including CNN , MTV and Planet Green CNN 's Anderson Cooper reports live from Haiti during the event
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexico has announced plans to raise tariffs on almost 90 U.S. exports , Mexican and U.S. officials confirmed Monday . Mexico 's state-run news agency says tariffs are in retaliation for cancellation of a U.S. trucking project . The new trade measures are in retaliation for the cancellation earlier this year of a U.S. commercial trucking project and will target U.S. industrial and agricultural products delivered to Mexico , Mexico 's state-run news agency said . Mexico 's Economic Secretary Gerardo Ruiz Mateos called the cancellation of the program a breach of the North American Free Trade Agreement  NAFTA  , the agency said . White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said the trucking project was killed in the 2009 omnibus appropriations bill , but President Barack Obama has asked his administration to create a new program . "  Congress has opposed the project in the past because of concerns about the process that led to the program 's establishment and its operation , " Gibbs said . The project allowed a small number of Mexican trucks to enter the United States beyond the normal commercial zones , and allowed some U.S. trucks the same privilege in Mexico . Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , warned that the Mexican action would harm American businesses . "  Unfortunately , this is a predictable reaction by the Mexican government to a policy that now puts the United States in clear violation of the North American Free Trade Agreement and was inappropriately inserted into the omnibus appropriations bill , " McCain said after learning of the Mexican government 's plans . McCain said Washington "  must take steps to prevent escalation of further protectionist measures -- actions that only serve to harm American business during these tough economic times when these businesses need a worldwide marketplace to prosper . " "  This is another reason why the president should have vetoed the omnibus spending bill , " McCain added . Mexico 's intentions to raise tariffs on U.S. goods "  is an absurd overreaction to the shutdown of the unsafe cross-border trucking pilot program , " Teamsters President Jim Hoffa said . "  The right response from Mexico would be to make sure its drivers and trucks are safe enough to use our highways without endangering our drivers , " Hoffa said in a statement issued by the union . "  The border must stay closed until Mexico holds up its end of the bargain . "	Tariffs will target about 90 U.S. industrial , agricultural products delivered to Mexico Sen. John McCain warns that new measure will harm American businesses Measures reportedly in retaliation for cancellation of U.S. commercial trucking project Project allowed some Mexican trucks to enter U.S. beyond normal commercial zones
CNN  -- The United States should use the "  utmost caution " as it makes the Asia-Pacific region a key focus of its newly announced military strategy , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency said in a commentary published Friday . On Thursday , President Barack Obama and top defense officials unveiled a new U.S. defense strategy that focuses heavily on the Asia-Pacific region , a fast-growing economic powerhouse with numerous potential flashpoints that the administration has identified as crucial to U.S. interests . While resulting in a leaner force , the new strategy also calls for the U.S. to increase its military 's "  institutional weight and focus on enhanced presence , power projection , and deterrence in Asia-Pacific , " Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said Thursday . While welcoming a peaceful U.S. role in the region , Xinhua 's commentary Friday warned the United States against acting like a "  bull in a china shop . " "  The U.S. role , if fulfilled with a positive attitude and free from a Cold War-style zero-sum mentality , will not only be conducive to regional stability and prosperity , but be good for China , which needs a peaceful environment to continue its economic development , " the Xinhua editorial said . "  However , while boosting its military presence in the Asia-Pacific , the United States should abstain from flexing its muscles , as this wo n't help solve regional disputes . " The new defense strategy , which still lacks many specifics , is meant to pare U.S. defense spending by at least $ 487 billion over the next decade and drops a long-standing doctrine calling for the ability to fight to simultaneous ground wars . The result will be a more "  agile , flexible , ready-to-deploy , innovative and technologically advanced " force prepared to counter terrorists , rogue states and the threat of nuclear weapons worldwide , Panetta said Thursday . Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said the focus on the Asia-Pacific region is crucial . "  The strategy talks about a shift to the future , " he said Thursday . "  And all of the trends -- demographic trends , geopolitical trends , economic trends and military trends -- are shifting toward the Pacific . " With U.S. wars in Iraq and Afghanistan winding down , the focus on the Asia-Pacific region has become a key theme of the administration 's foreign policy commentary in recent months . In November , Obama toured the region to highlight its economic and strategic importance to U.S. interests and announced plans to eventually station a task force of up to 2,500 Marines in Australia "  The United States is a Pacific power , and we are here to stay , " he said at the time , pledging that the coming defense cuts would not affect the country 's military posture in the region . He reiterated that pledge Thursday . "  As I made clear in Australia , we will be strengthening our presence in the Asia Pacific , and budget reductions will not come at the expense of that critical region , , " he said .	U.S. officials announced new defense strategy this week It makes the Asia-Pacific region a key focus for U.S. military power Xinhua editorial says U.S. "  should abstain from flexing its muscles " in the region "  All the trends " are pointing toward the Pacific as strategic focus , top U.S. general says
CNN  -- Sens. John McCain and Barack Obama engaged in a pointed exchange over al Qaeda in Iraq on Wednesday . Sen. John McCain questioned Sen. Barack Obama 's way of handling the war in Iraq . McCain questioned whether Obama was aware of the al Qaeda base . Obama 's response was : "  There was no such thing as al Qaeda in Iraq until George Bush and John McCain decided to invade Iraq . " McCain was in Tyler , Texas , and Obama was in Columbus , Ohio . "  I understand that Sen. Obama said that if al Qaeda established a base in Iraq that he would send troops back in militarily . Al Qaeda already has a base in Iraq . It 's called al Qaeda in Iraq , " McCain said . "  It 's a remarkable statement to say that you would send troops back to a place where al Qaeda has established a base -- where they have already established a base . " McCain 's comments come in response to remarks Obama made Tuesday night in a debate with Sen. Hillary Clinton . He was asked if the president would have the right to go back into Iraq in order to suppress an insurrection after downsizing the U.S. troop presence . Watch what Clinton and Obama said about the war " "  I always reserve the right for the president ... to make sure that we are looking out for American interests , " Obama said . "  And if al Qaeda is forming a base in Iraq , then we will have to act in a way that secures the American homeland and our interests abroad . " A statement by McCain 's press office Wednesday said , "  Is Sen. Obama unaware that al Qaeda is still present in Iraq , that our forces are successfully fighting them every day , and that his Iraq policy of withdrawal would embolden al Qaeda and weaken our security ? " Obama responded to the latest attacks from McCain , saying his comments were taken out of context . Obama said the question he was asked during the debate was a "  big hypothetical . " "  I said , ` Well , I would always reserve the right to go in and strike against al Qaeda if they were in Iraq , ' so you know , this is how politics works , " Obama said at a rally in Columbus . "  McCain thought that he could make a clever point by saying , ` Well let me give you some news Barack , al Qaeda is in Iraq , ' like I was n't reading the papers , like I did n't know what was going on . " "  I said , ` Well first of all , I do know that al Qaeda is in Iraq . That 's why I 've said we should continue to strike al Qaeda targets . But I have some news for John McCain , and that is that there was no such thing as al Qaeda in Iraq until George Bush and John McCain decided to invade Iraq . " Obama continued to blast Bush and McCain , saying , "  John McCain may like to say he wants to follow Osama bin Laden to the gates of hell , but so far all he 's done is follow George Bush into a misguided war in Iraq . " McCain in his statement said "  the Democratic presidential contenders deny progress and see only gloom and doom . Where is the audacity of hope when it comes to backing the success of our troops all the way to victory in Iraq ? What we heard last night was the timidity of despair . " The latest exchange comes as a new poll suggests McCain would pose a tough match for the eventual Democratic nominee . Obama is the front-runner for the Democratic nomination . Clinton trails by 97 delegates , but 370 delegates are up for grabs next Tuesday . Watch the shift in Clinton-Obama dynamics " According to a Los Angeles Times/Bloomberg poll , McCain would be in tight races with either of the remaining Democratic presidential candidates . McCain is statistically tied with Obama , 44 percent to 42 percent , and ahead of Clinton by 6 points , 46 percent to 40 percent . The poll 's margin of error was plus-or-minus 3 percentage points . The poll also showed McCain with a 61 percent approval rating , a number higher than both Clinton 's and Obama 's in past polls . The Arizona senator holds a clear advantage on dealing with the war in Iraq , according to the poll , and holds a 9 point advantage on economic issues over Obama , despite having acknowledged that area is not his expertise . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Chris Welch and Alex Mooney contributed to this report .	McCain questions whether Obama is aware of al Qaeda presence in Iraq Obama says there was no al Qaeda in Iraq until Bush , McCain decided to invade McCain statement : Comments during Democrats ' debate were "  timidity of despair " Obama : McCain has followed "  George Bush into a misguided war in Iraq "
CNN  -- State public health officials are contacting airline passengers after a woman with measles traveled through three airports earlier this week , a spokesman for the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Saturday . The woman traveled from an airport in Europe to Dulles International Airport in Virginia to Denver International Airport and , finally , to New Mexico 's Albuquerque International Sunport , said CDC spokesman Tom Skinner . The woman , who traveled Tuesday , was diagnosed with the disease in New Mexico , he said . Health departments in each area , using information from the CDC , are contacting those who may have been exposed to the viral disease . That may include flight crews and airport workers . "  That work is ongoing , " said Skinner , who could not confirm the airline or airlines and the originating flight 's location . The Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment said people who were working or traveling through Concourse C at the Denver airport after 9 p.m. Tuesday should monitor themselves for any early symptoms of measles , especially fever , from Monday through March 12 . "  People who develop a fever should contact their health care provider or their local or state health department . People with symptoms should not go to child care , school , work or out in public , as they might have the early symptoms of measles and might be contagious , " the department said in a statement Friday . Typically , health officials concentrate on passengers or crew who were five rows in front of or five rows behind an infected traveler , Skinner said . They are particularly mindful of small infants and children and people with underlying medical conditions . People who had not previously been immunized may have a "  small window " after being contacted to be vaccinated or given globulins to avoid developing symptoms , Skinner told CNN . In a separate development , measles was confirmed in a 24-year-old woman who took a flight from France and two people in Boston were suspected of having the disease . Boston officials held a free measles vaccination clinic Friday . "  Most of the -LSB- U.S. -RSB- cases are imported into the country , " Skinner said . Measles is a very contagious viral disease that is easily spread through coughing , sneezing and secretions from the mouth . Measles develops generally seven to 14 days after a person is infected , according to the CDC . A typical case of measles begins with mild to moderate fever , cough , runny nose , red eyes and sore throat . Two or three days after symptoms begin , tiny white spots may appear inside the mouth . Three to five days after the start of symptoms , a red or reddish-brown rash appears . It may spread downward from the face and be accompanied by a temperature spike , the CDC says on its website . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report	The infected passenger traveled from Europe to the United States Health officials are contacting those who may have been exposed to viral disease A different confirmed measles case in Boston was woman who flew from France
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A Florida boy remains in stable condition just days after he found his parents ' long-forgotten handgun in a closet and accidentally shot himself in the head . Police are deciding whether or not to charge parents after their son found a forgotten gun and shot himself . Sheriff 's detectives in Pinellas County , Florida , near St. Petersburg , say the boy found the .25 - caliber European semi-automatic handgun in a box in a closet in their home . "  They are dealing with this very tragic situation , and at this point , no charges have been filed , " said Cecilia Barreda of the Pinellas County sheriff 's office . His stepfather found Jacob Larson , 12 , with a gunshot wound to the head Friday . The stepfather called 911 . Police say the shooting took place between 7:40 a.m. , when his mother , Tracy Newman , leaves for work , and about 11 a.m. , when his stepfather , Joseph Newton , returns home . The boy normally goes to school about 8:30 a.m. "  A few years ago , they moved , and -LSB- the gun -RSB- was stored in the closet . The mother never checked it , never fired it , " Barreda said . "  They told detectives that they forgot they had stored it in a box inside a closet . Both her and her husband forgot about it , " she said . Newman told detectives that she received the gun six years ago from a former employer . Police say that both she and her husband are cooperating in the investigation into the incident . The sheriff 's office says it 's unlikely that they will face charges . Florida law prohibits a person from leaving a loaded firearm where a minor might have access to it . Prosecutors do have some discretion , and depending on what happens with the gun , charges ranging from a misdemeanor to a felony can be filed in the event of death or serious injury . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say that 17 states have child firearm access protection and safe-storage laws . Chief Assistant State Attorney Bruce Bartlett says that although laws are needed , an accident with a firearm can be a greater penalty than any judge could ever hand down . "  Sometimes , the injury of a child is more severe from a punishment standpoint than any kind of criminal charge , " he said . The CDC says one child , on average , every three days died in accidental incidents in the United States from 2000 to 2005 , the last year data are available . Bartlett said his office has filed charges in previous cases when there was culpable negligence on the part of a gun owner . But , he says , there are cases where accidents happen , not crimes . The Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence says that 34 percent of children in the United States live in homes with at least one firearm , so people have to be aware . "  It 's a horrible thing , and those parents will blame themselves from here out , and you have to look at things real close to see if it warrants any enforcement from our end , " Bartlett said .	Boy , 12 , found .25 - caliber gun in box in closet Police have not charged anyone in relation to incident Florida law prohibits leaving a loaded firearm where minor can access it Prosecutor : "  Sometimes , the injury of a child is more severe " punishment
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The first official indication that a family service for Michael Jackson will be held at Forest Lawn Cemetery came from a Los Angeles police official Sunday . A memorial poster for Michael Jackson is displayed outside Staples Center in Los Angeles on Sunday . Forest Lawn officials were working with the Jackson family on their plans , which were part of "  a package " of events Tuesday , said Jim McDonnell , assistant chief of staff of the Los Angeles Police Department . His comments , however , did not answer questions about where or when Jackson would be buried . While there are five Forest Lawn cemeteries in the Los Angeles area , a long line of media trucks and crews have been parked at the gate of the Hollywood Hills facility for several days in anticipation of Jackson 's possible interment there . The family of the singer , who died June 25 , has given no public statement on the planning . However , brother Jermaine Jackson told CNN on Thursday that a private service would be held Tuesday morning . A public memorial for Michael Jackson at the Staples Center in Los Angeles is set to start at 10 a.m. PT Tuesday . McDonnell said police do not expect a Jackson motorcade to take place on Tuesday . An official with AEG Live , the concert promoter handling the public memorial plans , said there would be no funeral processional . About 1.6 million fans registered for a chance at fewer than 9,000 pairs of tickets to the memorial service , organizers said . Registration ended at 6 p.m. Saturday . The 8,750 registrants picked in a random drawing were to receive an e-mail Sunday after 11 a.m. PT , AEG Live said . Tickets will be handed to the winning registrants Monday outside the Staples Center , said Tim Leiweke , president of AEG Live . Ticketholders will also have wristbands to match their tickets , a precaution against people "  trying to take advantage " of the system , he said .	L.A. police : Cemetery officials working with singer 's family for private service When , where Michael Jackson will be buried are still not publicly known One of Jackson 's brothers has said private service will be held Tuesday Public memorial to be held at Staples Center in Los Angeles on Tuesday
CNN  -- Villa Park proved to be just the tonic for Manchester United . United had n't lost an English Premier League game at the home of Aston Villa since 1995 and the Red Devils maintained that impressive run by topping the Villains 3-0 on Sunday . White Hart Lane , meanwhile , has n't been kind to Liverpool recently but the Reds thumped Tottenham 5-0 in the late kickoff thanks to another sterling performance from Luis Suarez . Liverpool climbed to second , two points behind Arsenal . Danny Welbeck 's two early goals put United at ease and ensured the club would n't lose a third consecutive league match for the first time since 2001 . With Arsenal losing 6-3 to Manchester City on Saturday , United made up ground , too , and now trails the Gunners by 10 points with the busy Christmas fixture list approaching . "  It was a good job from us , " United manager David Moyes told Sky Sports . "  The players did well and the only thing I would criticize is that we did n't score more goals . "  We were a bit sloppy in the first five minutes but after that played really well . " But he added : "  I think we 'll play much better than that . I 've told the players that 's the least we can do and we 've got to keep going and keep winning more games . " With Robin van Persie injured , Welbeck earned the start and took advantage of his opportunity . United had joy down the right side and Welbeck was quick to pounce in the 15th minute after Adnan Januzaj hit the post with a header . It went from bad to worse for Paul Lambert 's young side when Welbeck finished off the good work of winger Antonio Valencia . Villa has registered points from losing positions this season but Tom Cleverley 's effort in the 52nd minute erased any hopes of a comeback . The assist came from Wayne Rooney , who was making his 500th appearance in club football . There was more good news for United as veteran midfielder Darren Fletcher made his first appearance of the season after battling back from colitis . "  Welcome back Mr Fletcher ! " tweeted United defender Rio Ferdinand . "  Well deserved after working so hard after being out . " Liverpool had lost five straight in the league at White Hart Lane and was without injured captain Steven Gerrard and striker Daniel Sturridge . Yet even before Tottenham midfielder Paulinho was dismissed for a boot in the chest of Suarez early in the second half , the visitor controlled proceedings . Suarez -- filling in as captain -- scored twice to boost his league leading tally to 16 and had two assists . "  It 's no different being captain but Liverpool has only one captain and that is Stevie Gerrard , " Suarez told Sky . "  We played very well and this is more important than who the captain is . "  We played very well . For confidence it is very good . " Tottenham did n't register a single shot on target . "  We could have had 11 man of the matches , " Gerrard , working for Sky as an analyst , said . Suarez and Jordan Henderson handed Liverpool a 2-0 lead at the interval before Paulinho 's red card in the 63rd minute . John Flanagan 's first Premier League goal -- a half-volley stunner -- a Suarez chip and Raheem Sterling 's low finish completed the rout . Boos rained down at the Lane at the final whistle . Only a few weeks ago Tottenham suffered another embarrassing defeat , 6-0 at Manchester City . "  I assume the responsibility of the failure , " said Tottenham manager Andre Villas-Boas . "  We have to bounce back again like we did after City . "  In the Premier League things are n't going as we expected so it 's normal the frustration is there from everyone . " Tottenham sits seventh , one spot ahead of United . In Sunday 's other Premier League game , Norwich and Swansea drew 1-1 . Nathan Dyer scored the opener for Swansea but was later stretchered off with a suspected fractured ankle . "  We have to wait a couple of days for an X-ray and a scan , and we all cross our fingers to hope it is not that bad , " said Swansea manager Michael Laudrup . "  That will overshadow everything else . "	Manchester United beats Aston Villa 3-0 to end a two-game league losing streak Danny Welbeck scored two goals for United as it extended its dominance at Villa Park Aston Villa last beat United at home in the league way back in 1995 Liverpool crushes Tottenham 5-0 to end five-match league losing streak at White Hart Lane
CNN  -- As reports of swine flu continue to rise in the United States and around the world , the average American is probably asking , "  How should I protect myself ? " U.S. health officials stress the importance of frequent hand washing during outbreaks of illness . Health officials ' advice is to follow common-sense precautions : Wash your hands , stay home if you 're sick and listen to your local health authorities . "  Very frequent hand-washing is something that we talk about time and time again and that is an effective way to reduce transmission of disease , " said Dr. Richard Besser , acting director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  If you 're sick , it 's very important that people stay at home . If your children are sick , have a fever and flu-like illness , they should n't go to school . And if you 're ill , you should n't get on an airplane or another public transport to travel . Those things are part of personal responsibility in trying to reduce the impact . " So far , Mexico has been hardest hit by swine flu . Cases have been confirmed in the United States , as well as countries including Canada , New Zealand , Spain , United Kingdom , and Israel . "  In areas with no disease yet , a lot of what we can do sounds simple and repetitive but helps , " said Dr. Anne Schuchat , interim deputy director of the CDC 's Science and Public Health Program . In addition to washing hands often , she recommends covering your mouth when coughing and sneezing and avoiding touching your eyes and nose in case the virus is on your hands . The World Health Organization calls the situation a "  public health emergency of international concern , " and the United States has declared a "  public health emergency , " likened by Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano to preparations for a potential hurricane . No authorities are calling the outbreak a pandemic . The CDC expects U.S. numbers will grow and recommendations will change depending on what happens in individual communities , said the CDC 's Schuchat . The public should pay attention to what is happening nearby and heed the guidance of local health officials regarding school , work and public events . Because so much is still unknown at this point , the main risk factor is people traveling to areas where cases have already been identified . "  However this virus may already be in other places in the United States , " CDC spokesman Tom Skinner told CNN . "  With enhanced surveillance , we will see more cases and that is why it makes good sense to be proactive , by doing things we know are effective in reducing exposure . " Explainer : Swine flu facts " Schuchat noted swine flu symptoms are relatively general and nonspecific . "  So many different things can cause these symptoms . it is a dilemma , " she said . "  It is a challenge that we are wrestling with . There is not a perfect test right now to let a person or doctor know exactly what this is . " But Schuchat specifically advised anyone who feels ill after returning from Mexico to see a doctor . Unfortunately , since this is a new strain of influenza , the flu vaccine for this past flu season offers no protection . "  However , we do have anti-virals that work against this swine flu , " said Skinner , referring to oseltamivir  Tamiflu  and zanamivir  Relenza  . "  Someone who has -LSB- swine flu -RSB- , if they are treated early , the anti-flu medicines work against this . " According to Skinner , health officials are still trying to figure out where exactly the virus originated , how transmissible it is and why it is mild in some cases and deadlier in others . CNN 's Mary Carter contributed to this report .	Take standard flu season precautions to avoid infection , CDC advises Chief risk factor is traveling to areas where swine flu has been identified No vaccine for new strain exists but antiviral drugs can shorten duration
CNN  -- Running for president is an expensive endeavor , but the cost is n't measured in dollars alone . Sure , we can count the $ 4 million in super PAC dollars Mitt Romney 's allies just spent to tear down his Iowa opponents with negative ads . Indeed , Romney and his allies spent nearly $ 150 for every caucus vote he received in his eight-vote victory . But you ca n't put a price tag on the principles he sold out to the Tea Party in order to buy its extremists ' support . Romney , who , Newt Gingrich likes to say , once ran to the left of Sen. Ted Kennedy , has scrambled in the past year to get to the right of Rick Perry , Newt Gingrich and Rick Santorum . The same career politician who less than a decade ago told Massachusetts voters "  my views are progressive " told South Carolinians last month , "  I line up pretty darn well with Tea Partiers . " In the same breath Romney called himself "  the ideal candidate " of the right wing . As Romney now takes his dangerous promises and disregard for the middle class to New Hampshire on Tuesday , then South Carolina and beyond along the primary campaign trail -- and , he hopes , into the general election -- he 's weighed down by heavy baggage . He belittled President Obama 's $ 1,000 tax cut for typical middle-class families , deriding it as a "  little Band-Aid . " But Romney 's own plan would give that same family just $ 54 , savings even he admits is "  not a huge tax cut . " He doubled down on his misguided idea to "  let Detroit go bankrupt , " even though the president 's rescue of the auto industry saved more than 1.4 million American jobs up and down the supply chain , leading to a renaissance in the American car industry . Romney has also said he 'd let the foreclosure process "  hit the bottom . " Presumably this is so investors can swing in and make a quick buck . Drawing on his lucrative business experience of firing workers , off-shoring jobs , closing plants and bankrupting companies , Romney has a plan for the speculators , but not the families who stand to lose their homes . He promised to veto the DREAM Act and deny young illegal immigrants the chance to earn a path to citizenship if they give back to the only country they 've ever known by serving in the military or going to college . He backed the right-wing Republican budget that would eventually end Medicare as we know it , gut Social Security and slash funding for higher education . He criticized the president for ending the war in Iraq , saying he would rather leave 30,000 troops on the ground with no clear mission or plan for withdrawal . And the icing on the Tea Party cake ? He has repackaged the same policies that caused the financial crisis -- mistakes like making the middle class pay for tax breaks for the wealthy and big corporations and letting Wall Street write its own rules so big bankers can make millions while gambling with everyone else 's economic security . These Tea Party-coddling promises may have won Romney a caucus , but he 'll find they come at a cost -- to his own candidacy and , even more distressingly , to us . To you and me , a Romney presidency would mean four years of out-of-control college and healthcare costs . It would mean less responsibility for everyone to do their fair share , but more families losing their jobs and their homes . But that 's the price Romney is willing to pay for the support of the far right . Once the primary is over , though , Romney will have to move back to the middle . Independent voters are n't going to like the lengths to which Romney has married himself to the Republican Party 's extremist elements . The American people ca n't afford to give him a pass . Romney said he wants to be the Tea Party 's "  ideal candidate , " but by adopting the principles of a group that does n't speak for mainstream Republicans -- let alone the majority of the Americans he hopes to lead -- he could be falling in with the wrong crowd at the expense of the middle class . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Romney sells out history of moderate principles to get Tea Party support She says his long record of positions should give both Tea Party and middle class pause She says his policy plan favors rich , would end Medicare as we know it Brazile : Romney will have to tack back to middle after primaries
CNN  -- I do n't want to write this . As part of breast cancer awareness month , a 40-year-old anchor had her first mammogram on morning television . And last week the anchor , Amy Robach , underwent a double mastectomy after announcing she had cancer , and saying -- in front of 5 million viewers -- that "  having a mammogram saved my life . " And I feel the obligation to point out that other possibilities are more likely . To understand why , you need to know how doctors now think about cancer : in terms of turtles , rabbits and birds . The goal is not to let any of the animals escape the barnyard pen to become deadly . But the turtles are n't going anywhere anyway . They are the indolent , nonlethal cancers . The rabbits are ready to hop out at any time . They are the potentially lethal cancers , cancers that might be stopped by early detection and treatment . Then there are the birds . Quite simply , they are already gone . They are the most aggressive cancers , the ones that have already spread by the time they are detectable , the ones that are beyond cure . Before I go through the other possibilities , let me be clear about something : I know Robach has been through an emotionally gut-wrenching month . I know she is worried about her children . I know her parents are worried about her . And I truly hope the mammogram served a purpose -- that it saved her life . It is understandable that any woman with a screening-detected cancer would want to believe this . But all women contemplating mammography should understand the other possibilities . One possibility is that it could not save a life , that the woman will ultimately die from her disease . Thankfully this possibility is the least likely . Yet in every trial of screening , some women die from breast cancer despite its being detected early . It 's not the mammogram 's fault , it 's the bird 's fault . The birds are the reason why the rate at which women present with metastatic breast cancer in the United States remains unchanged , despite three decades of widespread screening mammography . Another possibility is that early detection was unnecessary -- that she could have done just as well had her cancer progressed to the point she noticed a breast lump . Doctors are getting pretty good at dealing with rabbits . While the news media tends to focus on screening , the bigger story in breast cancer is the dramatic improvement in treatment over the last 20 years . Ironically , the better we are at treating breast cancer -- the less important it is to screen for it . The final possibility is that she was overdiagnosed -- diagnosed with a cancer that may not have been destined to ever bother her . Cancer biologists now recognize that small collections of abnormal cells may meet the pathological criteria for cancer , yet never progress to affect the patient . In other words , her cancer may have been a turtle : it may not have been going anywhere anyway . While doctors used to debate whether turtles really existed in breast cancer , now the debate is about how many turtles exist . Even the program that promotes screening mammography in the United Kingdom now acknowledges that women are three times more likely to be overdiagnosed than they are to have their "  life saved . " Some researchers think the overdiagnosed to lives-saved ratio is closer to 10 to 1 . Others might argue it 's considerably less . Overdiagnosis is notoriously difficult to quantify . But most agree overdiagnosis is more common than having your life saved . That nuance is lost in the powerful survivor stories that appear regularly in the media . Of course , everyone wants to interpret them as evidence of the benefit of mammograms . Unfortunately , the more likely interpretation is that they represent evidence of harm : unnecessary surgery , chemotherapy and/or radiation . Why is this important ? Video images of individuals purported to be helped exaggerate the benefit of mammography , while hiding its harms . They impede efforts to balance the process , such as screening less frequently or starting later in life . And they give more weight to the idea that the way to deal with cancer is to find more of it . Why do n't I want to write this ? Because no one wants to dispute the interpretation of a well-meaning cancer patient who is trying to help people . And no one wants to make a difficult situation any harder . But news stories about health -- particularly on television -- are too driven by powerful personal anecdotes . The public deserves more nuance . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of H. Gilbert Welch	Gilbert Welch : Amy Robach had double mastectomy when mammogram revealed cancer She says mammogram saved her life ; he says that 's not how it works . Cancers all different He says cancers may be very slow ; early discovery may lead to unneeded harmful treatment Welch : Study : Women 3 times more likely to be overdiagnosed than to have "  life saved "
CNN  -- The Olympics must use its global reach and immense popularity to help save a generation . That 's the mantra from one of the men bidding to become to the next president of the International Olympic Committee -- Sergei Bubka . The legendary Ukrainian pole vaulter , who won Olympic gold and broke the world record 35 times , says sport must act now to pluck today 's youth from the clutches of health problems . "  We need to save the generation , " Bubka told CNN World Sport ahead of the start of the World Athletics Championships in Russia on Saturday . "  We need to bring them to sport . "  Today they have so many different interests . They have so many distractions , and we see a lot of health problems : obesity , diabetes . "  And we need to encourage them , not just to play sport in front of the TV , to use social media computers . We need to use this to engage them to sport , to make their lives better . "  When we look to the age of  our  sport audience it 's around 50 years old ; it means we need to work in this direction . " Bubka 's passion is clear , as is his conviction that the outgoing president Jacques Rogge -- who relinquishes his role in September -- has done much to encourage youth participation in sport . The Youth Olympics , which features participants aged between 14 and 18 , debuted in 2010 and is now an established part of the calendar . A key part of Bubka 's manifesto is using modern methods to promote sport among the younger generation . "  We must go to the modern way , to use social media , to engage society , to engage the youth , to bring them with us to be active sportsmen , " he said . "  This is a very important , key moment . This is a time not to lose a generation and President Rogge is leaving a fantastic legacy , and financially we are very healthy . "  It 's now time to invest , to invest in the future , to integrate the movement to different parts of society . To change the life of the youths , and of course to continue to build a successful Olympic movement for the future . " To this end , Bubka acknowledges the huge costs involved in staging the biggest sporting spectacle on the planet provide a significant challenge for most modern hosts . London 's eventual spend was an estimated Â # 9 billion  $ 13.9 billion  with the next host , Rio de Janeiro , setting aside $ 2.45 billion for its organizing committee and a further $ 10 billion to be spent by the government on infrastructure , according to its official website . Bubka says it is vital to try and drive down costs so that the Games do n't become an event that is out of reach for countries in poorer parts of the world . "  Of course the cost of the Games today and for tomorrow , for the future it will be prohibitive , " he said . "  We need to look not to exaggerate , not to expand the Games when it 's become really heavy . "  For that we try to control the size of the Games , we try to control the cost of the Games to make them cheaper , and more possibility for different parts of the world to get the opportunity to host the Games and promote the values in different parts of the world . "  It 's a very important issue and it will be one of the priorities for the movement . " Another priority is to stamp out cheating in all its forms . Athletics has been tainted by a string of doping scandals in recent weeks . Former world champion Tyson Gay , from the United States , and Jamaica 's Asafa Powell tested positive for banned substances in July , along with another Jamaican sprinter -- Sherone Simpson . This on the back of a failed test due to a banned diuretic from Jamaican Olympic champion Veronica Campbell-Brown , who will also likely miss the world championships in Moscow depending on the outcome of her case . Bubka is unequivocal in his stance . "  Regarding doping , of course it 's a very sad , and very negative example , " he said . "  And in some cases we can understand it . "  The system , which is developing , and also the role of the international federation , of WADA  World Anti-Doping Agency  is getting stronger and stronger . I can see this positive trend . "  We eliminate the cheaters . We protect the honest athletes . We will not keep any excuse to anyone . This is a very important issue . " In the wake of those glut of positive tests from his country , six-time Olympic champion Usain Bolt was quick to declare himself clean . And Bubka says the fastest man alive sets a perfect example for others to follow . "  Usain Bolt is an amazing athlete , it 's unbelievable talent , " he said . "  For myself , I first saw him compete in 2002 in Junior World Championships and already at that time I realized this is a future great , great champion . "  And of course for sport in general , and of course for athletics , he 's very , very respected , and a very big champion and star . This is a really good model to promote sport and get used to follow good example . "	Legendary pole vaulter Sergei Bubka says the Olympics can save a generation Bubka is bidding to become International Olympic Committee president He says sport can help children away from developing health problems Bubka also says Olympic sport must build on equality of London 2012
CNN  -- Born without the lower portion of his spine , Kurt Fearnley was given just a week to live . Medical staff deemed his condition so severe they even asked his parents if they actually wanted to take him home . Yet Glenn and Jackie Fearnley had no doubts about that , and their youngest son has gone on to claim three Paralympic gold medals , win the Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race , trek the notoriously-challenging Kokoda Trail and lunch with Britain 's Queen along the way . It 's a mightily impressive collection but in his earliest moments , the prospect of such an action-packed life looked decidedly slim . "  There was quite a period of time when they were n't sure whether I would live out the hour , the day , the week , the month , " the Australian , 33 , tells CNN 's Human To Hero series . "  It was slowly after we had been transferred to Sydney that there was the understanding I might be here to hang around , and my parents were then allowed to choose to take me back home -- even though they were offered alternatives . " Despite his condition -- sacral agenesis , which affects approximately one in 25,000 births -- young Kurt was constantly told by his parents that he was no different to his four elder siblings and that he could achieve anything he wanted . So they perhaps should n't have been so surprised when he informed them of his choice of career . "  Telling Mum and Dad that I was turning down my place at university to be a teacher to become a wheelchair racer instead , I could have been sitting across from them saying I wanted to be a professional unicorn hunter , " Fearnley recalls . But he was backed to the hilt -- and not just by his family . Growing up in the tiny New South Wales village of Carcoar , whose population even now is little more than 250 , Fearnley was much-loved and terrifically supported . Despite having legs so weak that they can not support his weight , he would enter high jump competitions and play rugby league among other sporting pursuits -- and this indomitable spirit did not go unnoticed . So when he had to turn down an invite to compete in the United States because he knew his family lacked the funds to send him , the people of Carcoar came to the rescue -- raising enough money within a week to buy both his flight and a racing chair . Two decades on , the boy from the backwater has become a byword for bravery and belief -- and he did go on to become a teacher , qualified in physical education , as well . "  There were two turning points in my sporting aspirations . One of them would have been when I started to realize that I was n't going to play cricket or rugby league for Australia as I was n't competitive in that line , " he says with a grin . "  Then there was the introduction to what my life is now -- wheelchair sports . I was about 13-14 when introduced to that lifestyle and culture . It changed my world . " "  It was 1994 and I saw these guys who were just these big men and better than any footballer or cricketer . They were these gladiators and I loved it . "  I wanted to be them and here I am 20 years later . I think I 'm almost there . " Fearnley 's modesty grossly belies his herculean feats . This is a man who can boast six silver medals and two bronzes on top of the three golds he has won since first competing at the Paralympics in 2000 , on home soil in Sydney . This is a man whose times in his 5,000 meters and marathon category  T54  have never been beaten . And this is a man who has won a staggering 35 marathons out of the 54 he has contested around the world -- finishing on the podium another 14 times . "  The thing I love about racing wheelchairs is that when I get into my wheelchair , there is not another person in the world that is more made to do what I do , " explains Fearnley , who won 1,500 m silver at last month 's Commonwealth Games . "  There are moments when you are racing that the speed is at a certain level or you 're taking a corner at the right speed -- and at that moment , you feel like you are absolutely perfect and that this is what you are meant to do . It 's an incredible feeling . " And Fearnley , who stands just 4 foot 7 inches and weighs around 50 kg , is an incredible competitor . He won 2004 Paralympic gold after suffering a puncture with five kilometers still left to race , under a fierce Athenian sun . Two years later , he set a record time in the New York Marathon despite falling over when hitting a pothole . "  The most important quality any athlete needs is resilience . It 's essential for a marathoner , " says a man who has also survived two serious car crashes , one of them while in his wheelchair . Yet merely relaying Fearnley 's professional exploits does n't come close to conveying the fullness of his extraordinary drive and ambition . Just consider his approach to the Kokoda Trail , a testing single-file trek that runs 96 kilometers  59 miles  through the mountains of Papua New Guinea . The path 's rugged nature and precipitous river crossings are so challenging it can take any able-bodied person anywhere from 4-12 days to traverse it , so one can barely imagine the difficulties endured for someone who chooses -- in Fearnley 's own words -- to "  crawl " across it . Nonetheless , he took it on for both charitable and patriotic reasons . In 1942 , Japan wanted to seize control of what was then New Guinea before launching a direct assault on the Australian mainland lying south , with seven months of intense fighting required before being ultimately repelled . "  The Kokoda Trail is the only sport in the world where Australia has really fought for the direct defense of Australia . It holds unlimited important to who we are as a nation , " Fearnley says . "  It is 96 kilometers of mud and untold amounts of hills . The hills are these mudslides that are covered in a honeycomb of tree routes where you just have to try to keep trudging on . "  I crawled it in 2009 , and it feels like it was a lifetime ago . I often wonder how it actually took place . When I was asked in the lead-up to it , it was just ` Why not ? ' If I think I can do something somewhere in the world and I want to , then would n't I make that happen ? " It 's an attitude that sits very comfortably alongside his approach to life . "  My motto is probably that struggling is alright , and any struggling is strengthening , " he says . For precisely this reason , he chose to spend his Christmas holiday in 2011 on board the 100-foot Supermaxi yacht Loyal as it won the famous Sydney to Hobart race . Being pummeled by waves and tossed around a buccaneering boat is not everyone 's idea of fun but for the pragmatic Fearnley -- who also has a love of surfing -- it was all a way of readying himself for the 2012 Paralympics in London . "  I have had some incredible experiences outside of wheelchair racing , such as sitting down with 12 other people for lunch two years ago and one of them being the Queen , " he smiles , referring to his meeting with visiting British royalty . "  Finding myself on board a yacht on the Sydney to Hobart and winning by 300 meters , having crawled around on this thing for 58 hours -- crawling , in the middle of the night , through people 's vomit just doing my job and whatever needed to happen . " In spite of his unorthodox methods and his intense training regime , Fearnley failed in his objective to win the 2012 Paralympic marathon in his category . Yet he was involved in one of the great Paralympic races , taking bronze even though he finished less than a second by the winner . So he is unequivocal when asked to describe the biggest challenge of what has been a gloriously colorful career . "  I would say the next one -- turning up at the Rio Olympics in two years ' time to try to get back to that number one position , " he ventures . "  People may think there is not a lot between first and second  and third  place . In my case it was 0.8 of a second over a marathon , but that 0.8 of a second is absolutely everything in my sport . "  So I would say that the biggest challenge that I would ever have come through over the last 20 years will be trying to rectify that 0.8 of a second in the next two years . "	Kurt Fearnley is one of the world 's most successful wheelchair racers He has overcome physical limitations caused by rare spinal condition Australian has crawled Kokoda Trail and crewed in testing yacht race He is seeking to regain his marathon crown at 2016 Paralympics
CNN  -- I met Jerry Sandusky in the late 1990s . I was at Penn State conducting a workshop with coaches on sexual violence . It was a few years after my retirement from professional football and a decade removed from my days at Syracuse University , where I competed against Sandusky 's defense on the playing field . I had great respect for Sandusky as a coach and remember his masterful game plan in the 1986 national championship , when Penn State defeated Miami with its impeccable strategy , devised by the architect of "  Linebacker U. " I spoke with Sandusky and found he was not a typical defensive coach . He was pleasant and passionate about his charity , The Second Mile , and the work it did to help young men find their way . I was thoroughly impressed . If the allegations that Sandusky sexually abused young boys are true , it would defy the common misperception that pedophiles are monstrous misfits . But it would fit in with the true profile . When I began working in the field of sexual and domestic violence prevention in 1995 , I was stunned to find that more than 80 % of rape survivors know the men who attack them . The vast majority of sexual predators rely on an insidiously derived trust that not only provides access to their victims , but works to maintain their anonymity even in the light of day . They often stand on a broader , established reputation and use threats and gifts to maintain their victims ' silence . When I served on the board of Stop It Now , which is focused on the prevention of sexual abuse of children , I learned that more than 90 % of abused children know their attacker . Once again , this defies our misguided belief that predators are like lions in the tall grass waiting to attack . The overwhelming reality is that they are individuals who manipulate trust and positions of power to gain access to their victims and control them . It is this reality that has led to such terms as "  intimate partner violence " and "  interpersonal violence " and "  acquaintance rape . " Trust , access and familiarity are the tools of sustained abuse . It is important to note that , in most cases , men are the abusers . This is essential in developing prevention strategies that are grounded in an accurate assessment of who commits the crimes . Ignoring the gender of the abusers fits in with our broad view that sexual predators are "  monsters , " or social deviants living in shadows . We think of men as the sturdy keepers of social status and power , and the standard bearers of a decent society that plays by the rules . Sandusky established a level of trust with his charity work consistent with the commitment he showed for the institutions he represented for most of his life . As a football coach at Penn State , Sandusky was the epitome of its image and reputation . The program under Joe Paterno is considered one of the cleanest in college football , boasting high graduation rates and on-field performance . The image , right down to the Nittany Lion uniform , has been conservative and upstanding . As a prominent coach in that system , Sandusky was a central figure . It 's not hard to understand why many around him might have a vested interest in maintaining that perception . Penn State stood above in the hypercompetitive and often unscrupulous world of college sports , and this served as a recruiting tool and an assurance to parents of promising high school football players . It 's also not hard to understand why parents of troubled young men would want their sons to have the influence of the environment that Penn State and Sandusky provided . It would be convenient to consider a child abuser a "  monster . " It would be convenient to call the alleged coverup a "  mistake " by a couple of college administrators who sought to protect their institutional reputation . That talk has already begun , in part because we do n't want to look at the issue of child sexual abuse or abandon the beliefs we hold , including and especially our faith in sports . But that faith and trust is waning . In an attempt to preserve a storied reputation , Joe Paterno has called on all "  Penn Staters to trust what that  institution  stands for . " If these charges are true , that same veil of trust might have allowed a child sexual predator to go undetected . The world of sports contains many good men . But there is also a culture of silence upon which the myth of men thrives . We often speak of sports in terms of courage and integrity . Those altruistic qualities must transcend the field and be brought to bear for the protection of our children . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Don McPherson .	Don McPherson met Jerry Sandusky at Penn State , had great respect for him He says if it 's true Sandusky raped boys , it would fit profile of a pedophile Pedophiles are not monstrous misfits , he says , they are often pillars of community Penn State had a lot to gain by upholding a clean sports reputation , he writes
CNN  -- Julianne Hough may have taken some heat for her Halloween costume , but those who know her say she did n't mean any harm . The actress-dancer-singer darkened her skin as part of her look when she attended a party dressed as one of the African-American stars of the Netflix series "  Orange Is the New Black . " Hough quickly took to Twitter to apologize once there was backlash . On Monday night competitors from her former show , "  Dancing with the Stars , " stepped up to defend her . "  I know Julianne personally and none of the critique that she is getting at all relates to her as a person , period , " dancer Val Chmerkovskiy told CNN . "  Whether it was a smart decision is a different conversation . But the intention , and going deep into the conversation of judging her character , of what she may or may not think behind the scenes -- that is absurd . " "  I know her as a person and she is kind and graceful ... and she has the right mentality . I just think it was a stupid mistake . " Her brother , Derek Hough , who also competes on the show , told E! News his sister could n't feel sorrier about the incident . "  She 's so apologetic , " he said . "  She 's so , so sorry , and I just hope that we can all forgive her and move on , " Comic and "  DWTS " contestant Bill Engvall echoed others ' sentiments and said Hough -- who twice won the dancing competition with her celebrity partners Apolo Anton Ohno and Helio Castroneves -- does n't have "  a mean bone in her body . " He said he believes Hough was just out for some fun and got caught in the media glare . "  Fortunately or unfortunately , in this day and age with 24-hour coverage and social media and all that , you got to be careful with what you do . And  Hough  would no more make any kind of racist statements than anybody on the earth , " Engvall said . "  And so I would say it was probably just an innocent mistake . ... Trust me , I 've had things taken the way I did n't want things . " CNN 's KJ Matthews contributed to this report	Hough had darkened her skin for Halloween party "  Dancing with the Stars " friends say she made a mistake Her brother hopes she will be forgiven
CNN  -- Barcelona forward Lionel Messi has been named the best player in Europe , becoming the first Argentine to win the prestigious Ballon d'Or award on Tuesday . Last year 's winner Cristiano Ronaldo came second , with Messi 's teammates from Barcelona 's historic 2008-09 treble-winning side -- Spain midfielders Xavi and Andres Iniesta plus Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o  now at Inter Milan  -- rounding out the top five . The 22-year-old Messi helped the Catalan giants to the Spanish La Liga and European Champions League titles as well as the Copa Del Rey , while his Argentina side scraped into the World Cup finals after finishing fourth in their South American qualifying campaign . Messi told France Football magazine , organizers of the award , that he knew he was "  among the favorites because Barcelona had a profitable year . " "  For me it 's a big honor to win -- but also to become the first Argentinian in history to receive the trophy , " he said . "  I dedicate it to my family , they were always present when I needed them and sometimes felt even stronger emotions than me . " Messi is the first Barcelona player to win the award since Brazilian forward Ronaldinho took it in 2005 , and the sixth to have won it while at the club . He dominated the Ballon d'Or voting , polling 473 votes compared to second-placed Ronaldo 's 233 , and 27 more than the Real Madrid and Portugal winger received when he won it in 2008 for his exploits while with Manchester United . The rest of the top-10 was completed by : Brazil playmaker Kaka , Real Madrid 's summer signing from AC Milan ; Sweden striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic , who joined Barcelona from Inter in the off-season ; England forward Wayne Rooney of United ; Chelsea 's Ivory Coast frontman Didier Drogba ; and Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard of England . The award was only open to European players before 1995 , and that year AC Milan 's Liberian star George Weah became the first from outside the continent to win it . Argentina-born Alfredo Di Stefano was named Europe 's top player twice in the 1950s while at Real Madrid , but had acquired Spanish citizenship by that time .	Barcelona and Argentina forward Lionel Messi crowned the 2009 Ballon d'Or winner He won 473 votes -- 240 more than second-placed Cristiano Ronaldo , who won last year The 22-year-old Messi is the first Argentinian to win the award , launched in 1956 It is organized by France Football magazine to recognize the best player in Europe
Beijing  CNN  -- When an old widower from the central Chinese city of Wuhan went into hospital last summer because of a persistent high fever , he was diagnosed with the AIDS virus -- and made national news . The man , in his late 70s , had frequently hired prostitutes after his wife died , and doctors believe he contracted the HIV virus -- which can eventually develop into full-blown AIDS -- through unprotected sex , the official Xinhua news agency reported . With the population rapidly aging , more than 10 % of China 's 1.3 billion people are now over the age of 60 , census figures show . Improving living standards mean many Chinese are living and remaining sexually active for longer . But now the threat of HIV/AIDS looms large over a segment of Chinese society not previously known for a high prevalence of cases : senior citizens . What is HIV/AIDS ? Among new HIV-positive cases nationwide , those over the age of 50 accounted for almost 15 % at the end of 2009 -- a sharp rise from less than 8 % just four years earlier , according to a recent report by the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention . The center said most patients were male and contracted the virus through unprotected sex . The United Nations has estimated 780,000 people will be living with the AIDS virus in China by the end of this year and more than half of them are unaware of their condition . Chinese officials acknowledge the real figure may be higher , particularly among the elderly . West must not give up on AIDS fight "  It 's very hard for us to obtain an exact number due to our limited ability to monitor and report the epidemic situation in this age group , " Hao Yang , deputy director of the Health Ministry 's disease control bureau , told a health seminar in Beijing last year . "  Older people are more prone to having medical conditions that require surgeries and hospitals are stricter on pre-operative checks -- that 's how many of them are notified of their HIV status for the first time . " Researchers say the lure of easy sex with prostitutes -- the average price paid a relatively modest $ 5.5 -- and the lack of safe sex knowledge among their generation have exposed an increasing number of Chinese senior citizens to the danger of HIV/AIDS . Another 30 years of AIDS ? Hao said his ministry had already started including the elderly in its HIV/AIDS awareness and prevention campaigns , which previously targeted only younger people and high-risk groups like migrant laborers and sex workers . But many activists view the government effort as inadequate in dealing with a burgeoning problem , especially as senior citizens diagnosed with the AIDS virus tend to face far greater difficulties and discrimination in China than their younger counterparts . "  Traditionally the elderly are the respected members of family and society , but once infected with HIV , they become a disgrace and face harsh moral judgments , " said Zhang Biao , whose non-governmental organization AIDS Care in China has counseled elderly patients in southwestern China for five years . "  People of their age are usually pillars of their households , taking care of both their parents and children , " he added . "  But instead , these patients now have to rely on their families to support them financially and psychologically . " Others echo Zhang 's sentiment , adding that elderly patients remain neglected in state-sponsored AIDS treatment and prevention programs . "  Currently AIDS patients are required to provide proof of residence and employment to receive basic care at public hospitals , " said Yu Tian , a volunteer with Shanghai-based NGO Leyi . "  But many elderly patients are either unemployed or unable to work due to their medical conditions -- making them ineligible for subsidized antiviral treatment . " Activists have called on the government to overhaul its HIV / AIDS policy and allow NGOs to receive more international funding and cooperation . "  We are willing to work with other experts to reach out to the elderly and teach them the concept of safe sex , " said Yu . "  There 's so much room for improvement in this area . "	More than 10 % of China 's 1.3 billion people are now over the age of 60 Among new HIV-positive cases , people over 50 account for almost 15 % in 2009 United Nations has estimated 780,000 people will be living with the AIDS virus in China Researchers : Cheap sex with prostitutes and lack of safe sex knowledge puts elderly at risk
CNN  -- First birthdays are often a big deal . And when you 're a giant panda cub -- such as Bao Bao , at the Smithsonian 's National Zoo in Washington -- they are even bigger . The adorable 44 - pound cub celebrated turning 1 on Saturday with a special frozen cake and cheers from her fans . The cake , made by the zoo 's nutrition department , contained Bao Bao 's favorite fruits , including apples and pears , packed in ice . It was decorated with flower-shaped ornaments carved from carrots and sweet potatoes and topped off with a large number "  1 . " Bao Bao , whose name means "  precious " and is one of 42 surviving cubs born last year in human care , approached the ice cake with suspicion , but in no time licked it with apparent delight . A representative from the Chinese embassy was on hand , while the panda 's fans were encouraged to tweet birthday wishes using #BaoBaobday . According to the zoo , Bao Bao was born after a precisely-timed artificial insemination performed by the panda team in Washington and scientists from the China Conservation and Research Center for the Giant Panda in Wolong , Sichuan Province . Bao Bao 's parents were born at the China Conservation and Research Center for the Giant Panda . They were later loaned to the National Zoo through an agreement with the China Wildlife Conservation Association . As to their little girl , she wo n't celebrate many more birthdays in the United States . After she turns 4 , Bao Bao will go to China to enter the breeding program there for giant pandas .	Bao Bao is a giant panda cub at at the Smithsonian 's National Zoo in Washington She turns 1 , celebrating with a special frozen cake and cheers from her fans The giant panda will head to China to take part in a breeding program when she 's 4
CNN  -- It was with a heavy heart that I heard Edward Snowden has been granted , and apparently accepted , temporary asylum in Russia for one year . Short of locking him naked in solitary confinement as an example to other leakers , as was done to Bradley Manning , Russia is exactly where the American intelligence community wants Snowden . How better to discredit Snowden 's warnings of the threat posed to civil liberties by our ever-growing surveillance state than to ceaselessly point out that he has found sanctuary in the arms of the FSB , the successor to the KGB ? I suspect this latest development will nix any possibility of reform of domestic surveillance operations coming out of the House Judiciary Committee . Of course , at this point , where else could Snowden go ? He had spent five weeks in Moscow 's Sheremetyevo Airport . That had to be a purgatory on earth . By leaning on our allies , America had effectively trapped him there . One should not take too seriously , though , the outrage expressed by Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and Congress over this latest Russian perfidy . By fleeing to America 's traditional bogeyman , Snowden has seriously blunted his own effectiveness . He has become an easy target for the U.S. government to demonize . Into whose hands has Edward Snowden actually put himself ? With nowhere else to go , he is now physically under the control of a government whose leadership under Vladimir Putin has raised human rights alarms worldwide for the alleged killing of dissenting reporters , the jailing of performance artists like Pussy Riot and -- most recently -- the criminalization of homosexuality . Putin 's thumbing of the nose to the Obama administration may be seen as a great thing for Snowden and his fate , but it 's important to bear in mind that today 's Russia is no more a bastion of free speech than China . Opinion : How Putin 's move could help Snowden and U.S. Years ago , I was convicted of espionage , sentenced to 40 years imprisonment , and packed off in chains to a federal penitentiary . It was more than I could endure , so one cold winter night I escaped through the razor wire . I at once became America 's most wanted fugitive . I was hunted high and low by the FBI and the U.S. Marshals Service . I was shot at and chased and forever looking over my shoulder . I too contemplated seeking sanctuary in Russia . I thought long and hard about it because there was an easy route through Havana to Moscow . But I could not stomach the thought of it . I decided I would rather live the life of a hunted fugitive in my own country than spend my years controlled as a puppet of the KGB . After my arrest in 1977 , I spent 25 years in prison . Contrary to what many believe , my partner and I did not give information to the Soviet Embassy to aid the Soviet Union . I did what I did because I wanted to publicize and strike back at the U.S. intelligence community for the things I saw that outraged me . It was a mistake that cost me dearly , and one that I lived to regret . I suspect Snowden will come to regret his actions just as deeply . This , more than anything else , would be the greatest tragedy of all . Opinion : What 's in it for Russia ? There is no doubt in my mind that Edward Snowden will rather be anywhere else on earth than in the arms of Putin 's Russia . Of course , there are two exceptions to that statement : He does not want to be dead and he does not want to be sitting naked in an American solitary confinement cell . I do not see that his choices were all that great . Meanwhile , the U.S. surveillance state will go on stockpiling the sensitive personal data of the American people . The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act court will continue to function as a secret rubber stamp to spy on our own citizenry . The bulk collection of our telephone data will mushroom . The addresses of all letters and packages mailed and received will continue to be photographed by the U.S. Post Office . Internet companies will continue to be bent to the secret purposes of the surveillance state . The NSA will go on recording all our e-mail . Opinion : Snowden is an unwanted guest in Putin 's Russia Transparency , public disclosure , and open debate will be stifled as America becomes the world 's first cyber-superpower . And politicians of both parties will go on fearing to resist lest they be blamed should a cyber-attack happen . Our surveillance state is only just beginning to flex its technological muscles . We have nothing to lose but our civil liberties . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chris Boyce .	Convicted spy Chris Boyce : Snowden is right where U.S. intelligence wants him to be Boyce : Russia , with such a poor human rights record , discredits Snowden 's warnings Boyce : Snowden will hate it , but it 's better than his possible treatment in a U.S. prison Meanwhile , the U.S. government will continue to spy on its citizens unabated , he says
CNN  -- Seth Green and Matt Senreich , known for their maniacally inventive manipulation of action figures on "  Robot Chicken , " now want the viewing public to have a similar sense of control over a real person . Their vision arrives in the form of "  ControlTV , " a new Web series that takes the standard reality format and adds to it an element of interactivity , possibly creating a novel form of entertainment in the process . Green and Senreich are joined in the venture by "  The Bachelor " director Ken Fuchs , former president of Dimension Films , Richard Saperstein , commercial director Stephen Kessler and the full-service video network DBG . The premise of "  ControlTV " is simple : For six weeks , the life of an unemployed 20-something named Tristan Couvares is documented and streamed live on the internet for 18 hours a day . The hook is that he 's agreed to relinquish his own free will for that of the collective , meaning viewers can vote on just about everything he does . They 'll decide what he eats , where he goes , who he dates , even the frequency and duration of his workouts , all in real time . To some , this might sound like an opportunity for a bunch of Web-trolling sadists to anonymously mess with a stranger , but Green and Senreich 's intentions seem genuinely benevolent . Tristan 's at a cross-roads in his life , does n't have a job , a girlfriend or an abundance of accomplishments , and he 's basically not sure what to do with himself . The hope is that viewers will help him figure that out , that the wisdom of the crowd will point him in the right direction . It helps that Tristan 's a likable guy , as his success will probably depend on whether or not the voters are pulling for him . The show 's essentially a character study , but not only of Tristan . It 's the general character of the audience , or people in general , that will be revealed most tellingly , based on how they treat him . Lastly , it 's worth noting that "  ControlTV " is much less filtered than other reality shows . Nothing much happens at times , but that 's almost preferable to the overly-contrived situations that typify rest of the genre . As we watch Tristan make breakfast , click a mouse or sit in a chair , we 'll be surprised most of all by the fact that we 're still watching , but Green and Senreich understand that even the most mundane moments can become fascinating from a voyeuristic distance .	Seth Green and Matt Senreich have launched the online reality webisodes , "  ControlTV " Life of unemployed 20-something Tristan Couvares documented , streamed online "  Bachelor " director Ken Fuchs , Richard Saperstein and Stephen Kessler helped produce
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama 's inaugural address is one of the most anticipated speeches in decades , with many expecting his words to be chiseled into marble some day . Many expect Barack Obama 's inauguration speech to compare to those given by Roosevelt and Kennedy . Obama aides said that the speech will last 18 to 20 minutes and that Obama will emphasize that America is entering a new area of responsibility . He will say that America has been hurt by a "  me first " mentality that has contributed to the current economic crisis , aides say , and call on individuals -- as well as corporations and businesses -- to take responsibility for their actions . Obama has said he has been studying previous inaugural addresses -- including President Abraham Lincoln 's and the speeches President Franklin D. Roosevelt gave as he took office amid the Great Depression . Given the nation 's current economic crisis , Errol Lewis , a columnist for the New York Daily News , was looking for Obama to echo Roosevelt 's famous 1933 inauguration address when he said , "  The only thing we have to fear is fear itself . " "  He 's got to calm the nation . I think he 's got to reassure the nation and let people know that we are in it for the long haul . If you look at that 1933 speech , that is pretty much what FDR did , " Lewis said . Watch a preview of inauguration events " "  He wants to lift us up ... and all the aspirations we have , all the hope , " Lewis said . "  But at the same time , he has some very practical problems that start at 12:01 p.m. , and he starts to own them at high noon . There are no easy answers . " Obama must also emphasize that his administration represents a fresh start for America and "  kick away from that old history , " said Peggy Noonan , President Ronald Reagan 's speechwriter and a columnist for The Wall Street Journal . "  It 's been about a year since people thought they had a president , if you will . ... It 's been some time since the American people heard , ` We 've got an economic problem , but , baby , we are getting through it . We are going to get past this thing . We are going to rise again , ' " Noonan said . Watch Noonan and others on the art of speech writing " Obama has already demonstrated his ability as a master orator , and many observers are looking for the new president 's address to equal the great speeches by presidents Roosevelt , John F. Kennedy and Reagan . "  He 's got to give that great , soaring speech . " CNN contributor David Gergen said . "  I think the pressure is really on because of the historic nature of this presidency and also because of the extraordinary moment in which we find ourselves with this terrible recession . " Watch what is expected from Obama 's speech " "  That is a lot to do in a single speech but , you know , because he has such a high reputation for giving excellent speeches ... the expectations for this one are just -- well , they 're soaring , " Gergen added . But beyond the nation 's immediate economic concerns , Obama 's inauguration speech with also mark a national milestone : the inauguration of the first African-American president . In his previous speeches , Obama has referred to another great African-American orator : the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , who made a historic speech on the other end of the Mall . Obama is likely to refer to King and the dramatic struggles African-Americans have fought as they emerged from slavery and fought for full civil rights . Watch what Obama 's presidency means to African-Americans " "  If you think about the journey that this country has made , then it ca n't help but stir your heart , " Obama told CNN 's John King during an interview Friday . "  The notion that I now will be standing there and sworn in as the 44th president , I think , is something that , hopefully , our children take for granted , but our grandparents , I think , are still stunned by , and it 's a remarkable moment . " The pressure on Obama to produce a speech for the ages not is limited to the public , Obama said . After a family visit to the Lincoln Memorial , which has Lincoln 's second inaugural address inscribed on its walls , Obama 's 10-year-old daughter , Malia , turned her father and said , "  First African-American president -- better be good . " CNN 's Scott J. Anderson contributed to this report .	NEW : Aides says Obama 's speech will call for a new era of responsibility His inauguration speech is being compared to Roosevelt 's and Kennedy 's Obama is expected to "  calm the nation " like FDR did in 1933 , columnist says The first African-American president is also likely to refer to MLK 's address
CNN  -- Police in Buffalo , New York said Saturday evening that they have arrested and charged a suspect in connection with a shooting spree that left four dead outside a downtown restaurant earlier in the day . The Buffalo Police Department said 25-year old Keith Johnson is in custody and has been charged with four counts of second degree murder . Authorities would not comment on whether Johnson knew his alleged victims . Eight people hit by bullets in the early morning rampage , police say . One of the four survivors is in critical condition . At a news conference Saturday , Police Commissioner Daniel Derenda said that the dead -- two men and two women -- included a Texas man who was celebrating his wedding anniversary . About 100 people were at the City Grill when the shootings occurred , and patrons were asked to leave the restaurant 's bar after some sort of argument , police said . City Grill posted a message on its website on Saturday , saying that it is "  cooperating fully with the authorities and the ongoing investigation . " It added , "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families . " CNN 's Rick Martin and Alona Rivord contributed to this report .	NEW : A 25-year old suspect is under arrest in connection with the shooting spree NEW : Keith Johnson has been charged with four counts of second degree murder Eight people were shot , four fatally , at the City Grill restaurant Four others were injured and one is in critical condition
CNN  -- Everyone has their Denzel Washington moment . It might have happened while watching his first Oscar-winning role in 1989 's "  Glory . " Or maybe it was sparked during 1992 's "  Malcolm X " biopic . It might 've even taken you as long as 2001 's "  Training Day . " But whenever it happened , even the most casual moviegoer can point to the movie -- and sometimes , the specific scene -- that made them realize Washington is a singularly gifted actor . Now nearing 60 , Washington is still impressing at the box office , as his new action movie , "  The Equalizer , " is predicted to open at No. 1 . Washington has been acting onscreen for close to 40 years and has filled almost every role possible , from icon and soldier to ladies ' man and villain . In "  The Equalizer , " he slips back into the shoes of the avenger , playing a seemingly mild-mannered book lover who 's also more than willing to execute bad guys when a young prostitute he has befriended  Chloe Grace Moretz  gets hurt . The movie itself has gotten mixed reviews , but critics agree that it 's Washington that makes the running time worth it . "  Washington keeps you watching this sleazy stuff -- let 's stipulate to that before anything else , " said The Wall Street Journal 's Joe Morgenstern . For The New York Times , Washington 's "  craft and discipline endow even exploitative nonsense like this with a center of gravity . " "  The Equalizer " may not inspire another Denzel moment for fans , but one thing 's clear : the gift still stands .	Denzel Washington is back at the box office this weekend The actor is said to be one of the best aspects of "  The Equalizer " Going through his filmography , we can all point to a film that made us a fan
Atlanta  CNN  Federal marshals have arrested Scott Kelley , a fugitive accused of kidnapping who was featured on CNN 's "  The Hunt . " Kelley , 50 , was taken into custody at the Atlanta airport Wednesday after arriving on a flight from Costa Rica , Deputy U.S. Marshal Jamie Berry said . "  It was time to come home , " Kelley told People magazine about his decision to return to the United States . Kelley has been wanted since 2004 , accused of noncustodial kidnapping and unlawful flight to avoid prosecution . His wife , Genevieve Kelley , who 's charged with the same crimes , turned herself in to authorities last year , just a few months after the case was featured on CNN 's "  The Hunt . " Her trial is scheduled to start next month . The couple is accused of leaving New Hampshire , kidnapping Genevieve Kelley 's daughter , Mary Nunes , and beginning a life on the lam when she was 8 years old . At the time , the child 's father , Mark Nunes , had full custody rights . The search for the three spanned the United States , Canada and Central and South America . It ended on Monday , when Scott Kelley and Mary Nunes entered the U.S. Consulate in Costa Rica and requested passports so they could return to the United States . The consulate notified U.S. Marshals , Berry said , and when Kelley and Nunes flew to Atlanta on Wednesday investigators were waiting for them . Mary Nunes , now 19 , was interviewed by investigators at the Atlanta airport to ensure her health and safety and then allowed to continue to her final destination , Berry said . Previously , authorities had said her whereabouts were unknown . CNN New Hampshire affiliate WMUR reported that the daughter plans to testify at her mother 's trial . In a statement released through a private investigator he 's hired in the case , her father said that he was thrilled to learn Mary is safe . "  We love Mary and are overjoyed that she is alive and back in the US . Our hearts and home are open to her , and we will do everything we can to insure she remains safe and healthy , " Mark Nunes said in a statement . "  We remain concerned about her emotional and physical well-being . We look forward to the day our family is finally reunited . " Kelley 's attorney did not immediately respond to a request for comment . Before allegedly fleeing the country , Genevieve Kelley had accused her ex-husband of abusing their child . Investigators found no basis for the accusations and no charges were filed . On a Facebook page defending her , supporters of the mother say she did what any parent would do under the same circumstances . Photos on the page show her standing with friends holding signs that say , "  Justice for Gen ! Children need protection . " Wayne Rioux , who was then the police chief of Whitefield , New Hampshire , told "  The Hunt " that a video Genevieve and Scott Kelley made , intended to prove their abuse allegations , aroused his suspicions . Rioux watched the tape for "  any evidence of wrongdoing by Mark Nunes . " "  But throughout the tape all I saw was this bizarre , strange conduct by the mother , " Rioux said , "  who was absolutely brainwashing the daughter and trying to get the daughter to say things against her daddy . " Attorney Alan Rosenfeld has argued that Genevieve Kelley had no other option than running away with her daughter , after a court-appointed guardian and social service agencies had said they did n't believe the abuse allegations . "  Simply put , there was no lawful alternative to provide safety for this child , " he said earlier this year , according to WMUR . Earlier this year , Brazilian police tracked down Victor Arden Barnard , another fugitive who 'd been featured on "  The Hunt . " The 53-year-old American pastor is accused of dozens of sexual assaults in Minnesota . Last year , the same day Genevieve Kelley was arrested , authorities in Texas announced that in an unrelated case , remains found were confirmed to be those of another fugitive featured on the program , Kevin Patrick Stoeser . Stoeser , a U.S. soldier who was dishonorably discharged , pleaded guilty in 2003 to child sexual assault and child pornography charges and was sentenced to 13 years behind bars . Remains of Shane Miller , another suspect featured on the "  The Hunt , " were found last year . And Charles Mozdir , another suspect who was profiled on the show , was killed in a gunbattle with authorities . CNN 's Tricia Escobedo and Slma Shelbayah contributed to this report .	Scott Kelley , stepfather accused of kidnapping , is arrested at the Atlanta airport Mother Genevieve Kelley 's trial is set to begin next month Mary Nunes ' father says he is "  overjoyed she is alive and back in the US "
CNN  -- It has been one month since University of Virginia student Hannah Graham was last seen , and her parents are asking for help . "  It is heartbreaking for us that the person or persons who know where Hannah is have not come forward with that information . It is within their power both to end this nightmare for all , " Graham 's parents , John and Sue Graham , said Monday . Her friends have not given up hope either . In a statement released to CNN they ask "  that everyone in Charlottesville and surrounding areas be on the lookout for new clues . No clue is too small and every search of personal property , even if it does not yield a result , is helpful . " For the better part of the last month , Mark Eggeman from the Virginia Department of Emergency Management has helped orchestrate the largest missing person search in Virginia 's history . "  The search for Hannah is currently in a transition stage , " Eggeman said Friday . The city of Charlottesville is in charge as of Monday , taking over from the Department of Emergency Management , with a different focus and change in strategy . Eggeman said experts are still investigating tips and leads and are analyzing some imaging taken from a specialized camera mounted on board a private plane . The plane was donated to the search effort from Woolpert Inc. . The design and geospatial company based out of Ohio donated its plane with an ultra-high precision sensor to scan "  areas of interest " that were requested by law enforcement . The scanning is "  positionally accurate , " Senior Vice President Shane Imwalle said , which can be a great help to law enforcement . While the search for Graham is paramount for the Charlottesville Police Department , solving the abduction and killing of Morgan Harrington , a Virginia Tech student who went missing in October 2009 , is a priority for the Virginia State Police . A law enforcement source tells CNN that foreign DNA in the Harrington case provides a forensic link to Jesse Matthew , who has been charged with abduction with the intent to defile in Graham 's disappearance . Local Yellow Cab owner Mark Brown said his cabbies who knew Matthew say he was driving a cab the night Harrington went missing . Matthew held a taxi cab license in the city of Charlottesville from 2005 to 2010 . A source close to the case confirmed that police recently impounded the cab Matthew was allegedly driving the night Harrington disappeared . The Virginia State Police said they "  will release new information at a time and in a manner that does not jeopardize the integrity of this ongoing , complex criminal investigation . " Is Cassandra Morton 's death linked to latest case ? As the investigation into both cases continues , so does the search for Graham . In the early morning hours of September 13 , several surveillance cameras in the Charlottesville downtown mall area showed Graham leaving the Tempo Bar at around 2 a.m. . The cameras also showed a man , later identified as Matthew , following her . Matthew is believed to be the last person who saw Graham alive . A warrant for his arrest was issued and authorities later found Matthew 1,300 miles away camping on a beach in Galveston , Texas . The 32-year-old Matthew was returned to Virginia and charged . His next court hearing is scheduled for December 4 . Matthew 's attorney did not respond to CNN 's request for comment . Graham 's friends continue to say how appreciative they are to everyone who has volunteered . "  We also want others to take the time to stop and hug someone they love . Words can not express our gratitude to the Charlottesville Police Department and the overwhelming support and love from our community ... please continue to keep Hannah , her parents , and her brother in your thoughts and prayers , " their statement said . Authorities are offering a $ 100,000 reward for information leading to the safe return of Graham , 18 , who was a second-year student at the university . "  Again , we would like to urge anyone who has not already searched their property in the city of Charlottesville , or any of the neighboring counties , to please do so today . Please , please , please help us to bring Hannah home , " John and Sue Graham said in Monday 's statement .	City of Charlottesville , Virginia , takes charge of search for Graham Jesse Matthew has been charged in her disappearance A source says there is a DNA link to the case of another woman killed in 2009
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- Quint Davis drives around the fairgrounds in his golf cart . The producer/director checks every nook and cranny the way a field commander checks his troops . Quint Davis is the producer and director of the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival . Davis has been doing this 40 years ; he was one of the co-founders of the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival . If you were there the first year of the festival , count yourself among the elite ; there were just a few hundred people . This year , organizers expect 400,000 over the two weekends . Despite the sour economy , Jazz Fest remains one of the areas economic mainstays , Davis said . CNN talked with Davis about the festival 's early years and its local artists . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : Tell me about the whole evolution of this , 40 years now . What it started out as , how big it was to the community back then , because now it 's synonymous with New Orleans . Quint Davis : We really set out to be an indigenous self-celebration -LSB- of -RSB- the culture -- like the world 's greatest backyard barbeque ... to celebrate the tradition of New Orleans . And now , after 40 of these festivals , we really have become one of those traditions . We have three generations of festival-goers and now three generations of musicians and cooks whose grandkids are coming out here and playing music . CNN : In the early years , what was it like ? Davis : Well , we started the festival in a place called Congo Square , which is very ironically historical because that was the birth of African music in the North American continent and really the birth of the beat that became everything else we know in American music . It was very small ; it was the same sort of guts and bones . We had a Cajun-Zydeco stage ; we had a little bitty tent with gospel singers in it . Right on the grass , there was n't even a stage for that one . The Same concept , marching brass bands , Mardi Gras Indians , a little culture fest that was stuck onto a concert hall . We had Mahalia Jackson ; we had Duke Ellington ; we had big names . We were there for two years , and then we moved out here to the fairgrounds . CNN : And that was a great time in music , 40 years ago . Davis : An interesting thing about the evolution of this festival , being that it 's 88 percent New Orleans music . Back in those days , the great musical thing about this festival was discovery . You know , you say , "  Oh , I 'll come down . I heard all these great bands . I 've never heard of any of them . I 'll walk from stage to stage . " Now 40 years later , New Orleans music is at the forefront . Our blues musicians , jazz musicians , Cajun-Zydeco -- even they play at festivals all around the world . CNN : Many artists and fans have described Jazz Fest as a spiritual experience . Is that how you view it when organizing every year ? Davis : This festival always has been this sort of battery to recharge yourself , your spirit and your heart and soul . We saw the spirit that was out here after 9/11 -LSB- and -RSB- Katrina -- four years ago , our entire city was destroyed by a flood . And now more than ever , our festival did what it does , and it showed people the healing power of music . And people came here in a way that was some sum that was greater than the parts , because people here really live on what music does to you . Music is not as much entertainment here as it a medium to make you feel good .	Quint Davis is the producer/director of the New Orleans Jazz Festival Davis co-founded the festival 40 years ago in Louisiana Festival expects 400,000 attendees despite the sour economy , Davis says David : "  This festival always has been this sort of battery to recharge yourself "
CNN  -- Peruvian novelist Mario Vargas Llosa is injecting his cachet as a newly minted Nobel Prize winner into the political sphere , in a strong criticism of the political aspirations of the daughter of a disgraced former president . Keiko Fujimori , a congresswoman and daughter of ex-president Alberto Fujimori , is one of the leading candidates in next year 's presidential election , according to polls . "  If the daughter of the dictator who is condemned to prison for being a criminal and a thief has the possibility of becoming the president of Peru , I will be one of the Peruvians who will go out to try to impede it through all the legal channels available , " Vargas Llosa said Monday . "  I think that would be a real catastrophe for our country , " he added . Vargas Llosa , who lost to Alberto Fujimori in a runoff in his previous presidential campaign , received the Nobel Prize for Literature last week at a ceremony in Norway . According to various polls published in Peru , Keiko Fujimori is currently the leading or second-place contender in the race . Her father was president of Peru from 1990 to 2000 , a period that was highlighted by the defeat of terrorists who disrupted society , but stained by an authoritarian streak and human rights abuses . Alberto Fujimori fled Peru in the midst of a scandal involving his spy chief , and was extradited years later back to his country to face trial . He was convicted in four separate trials for a litany of corruption and human rights abuse charges . Among the sentences he received was a 25-year prison term for authorizing the operation of a death squad responsible for killing civilians . Representatives for Keiko Fujimori said she would respond to Vargas Llosa 's comments Tuesday . CNN en Español 's Maria Elisa Callejas contributed to this report .	Mario Vargas Llosa received the Nobel Prize for Literature He said he would try to impede victory by Keiko Fujimori Vargas Llosa lost a presidential race to her father in 1990 Alberto Fujimori is in prison for corruption and human rights abuses
New York  CNN  -- Now that the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission has denied landmark status for a building , near "  ground zero , " that could house a proposed Islamic center and mosque , the Muslim organization behind the project says it will begin moving forward with efforts to make the building "  a model for community service and engagement . " The commissioners voted unanimously against landmark status for 45-47 Park Place . It and an adjoining building already connected on the inside , 49-51 Park Place , are owned by real estate developer Soho Properties , which intends to build the Islamic center two blocks north of the former site of the World Trade Center . In a statement on a new website devoted to the project now called Park51 , the project 's planners said , "  Until the resolution of the landmarks issue this morning , we were unable to emerge from stage one , as we could not be clear on the impact of a designation on the architecture and design of the building or its program spaces , activities or programming . We are eager to begin working with our partners , supporters , neighbors and communities , to build a community center for everyone . " "  It had been a whirlwind in the past four months , one in which we have worked tirelessly to realize an American dream which so many other share , " Sharif El-Gamal , the chief executive officer of Soho Properties , said . "  The outpouring support has exceeded our expectations . We are Americans ; Muslim Americans . We are businessmen , businesswomen , lawyers , doctors , restaurant workers , cab drivers , and professionals of every walk of life represented by the demographic and tapestry of Manhattan , " El-Gamal said . While the public vote was the focus of much debate about the planned Islamic center and mosque , the commission could not have prevented the developers from building such a community center . The commission , by designating the building a landmark , could only have prevented Soho Properties from demolishing the building or significantly altering its exterior . Muslims have been praying peacefully in the building already . "  We believe that Park51 will become a landmark in New York City 's cultural , social and educational life , a community center to promote the American values we all aspire towards and to realize a better city for all , " said Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf , the religious leader of the Cordoba Initiative , which will inhabit the building . "  We will continue going forward with the project . It 's a project that will build bridges , " said Oz Sultan , spokesman for the Cordoba Initiative . It says the group is "  committed to promoting positive interaction between the Muslim world and the West . " Cordoba opposed landmark status for the five-story building because it would like to build a taller , modern building . "  It 's not minarets , " said Sultan , who described a mock-up of the proposed center as consistent with the latest architecture found in New York City . New York City Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg and other city leaders support the Islamic center . Opponents , including former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin , have argued against a mosque being so close to the scene of the nation 's worst terrorist attack . "  Peace-seeking Muslims , pls understand , Ground Zero mosque is UNNECESSARY provocation ; it stabs hearts . Pls reject it in interest of healing , " tweeted Palin last month on her Twitter account . The Anti-Defamation League , an organization that battles anti-Semitism and other forms of bigotry , is asking that the Islamic center and mosque be built farther away from ground zero in consideration of families who lost loved ones during the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . "  Building an Islamic Center in the shadow of the World Trade Center will cause some victims more pain -- unnecessarily -- and that is not right , " said the organization in a written statement . The Landmarks Preservation Commission pointed out prior to its decision that it would have nothing to do with the planned use of the structure . "  The purpose of tomorrow 's vote is to decide whether the building has a special character or special historical or aesthetic interest or value as part of the development , heritage or cultural characteristics of New York City , New York State or the nation , " commission spokeswoman Elisabeth de Bourbon said Monday . Most recently the home of a Burlington Coat Factory retailer , 45-47 Park Place was completed in 1858 . The Landmarks Commission described it as "  a prominent example of the store and loft structures that dominated the dry goods warehouse districts of Lower Manhattan " during the era .	NEW : A Muslim group says it will begin moving forward with plans for an Islamic center near "  ground zero " NEW : The Cordoba Initiative 's and Soho Properties ' project is now called Park51 , as it will inhabit 45-51 Park Place If landmark status was n't denied , it would have meant the building could n't be demolished or greatly altered Mosque organizers opposed landmark status ; they want a taller , modern building
It sounds like standard radio chatter between an airplane and ground control , mostly repeating the identifying number of the flight . But the recording that Malaysian officials played for the first time in public in a Beijing conference room on Tuesday is purportedly the last known words of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 before it disappeared on March 8 . "  Malaysia three-seven-zero contact Ho Chi Minh 120.9 , good night , " says a voice identified by Malaysian officials as that of a radar controller in Kuala Lumpur , the Malaysian capital . "  Good night Malaysian three-seven-zero , " answers a male voice believed to be a crew member on the plane . Malaysian officials released the audio recording more than 50 days after the plane disappeared , in a long-awaited briefing before scores of relatives of the flight 's Chinese passengers . The session on Tuesday also included the release of a chronology of the aircraft 's last known contacts with radar stations as well as a satellite orbiting over the Indian Ocean . At 2:03 a.m. local time on March 8 , the operational dispatch center of Malaysia Airlines sent a message to the cockpit instructing the pilot to contact ground control in Vietnam , said Sayid Ruzaimi Syed Aris , an official with Malaysia 's aviation authority . Sayid said flight MH370 did not respond to the message . Fuel calculations Nearly 20 minutes later , at 2:22 , the Royal Malaysian Air Force picked up the flight for the last time on its radar system , Sayid said . By that point , Sayid said , the plane was believed to have swerved far off course over the Malaysian coastal area of Penang , in the direction of the Malacca Strait . According to Malaysian officials in Beijing on Tuesday , there was no direct communication between Malaysia Airlines and MH370 for a five-hour period , until the airline tried unsuccessfully to call the cockpit . "  At 7:13 , " Sayid said , Malaysia Airlines tried to "  make a voice call to the aircraft , but no pickup . " If all had gone according to plan , MH370 would have landed at the international airport in Beijing at 6:30 a.m. on March 8 . Malaysian officials told Chinese families on Tuesday that , by their calculations , the aircraft would have run out of fuel seven hours and 31 minutes into the flight . "  Based on the fuel calculation ... the aircraft fuel starvation will occur at time 08:12 , " said Subas Chandran , a Malaysia Airlines representative . The Malaysian delegation also published slides showing the last known "  handshakes " between the aircraft and an Inmarsat satellite over the Indian Ocean . The sixth and final handshake took place at 8:11 a.m. Malaysian time . According to these Inmarsat data points , in relation to the Inmarsat satellite , Flight 370 was far south of where it should have been if it had been on its planned route to Beijing . MH370 : New phase to include private contractors , may cost $ 60 million ` Making progress ' The latest briefing marked a sharp change from previous combative meetings between Chinese family members and Malaysian officials . The "  families ' committee " that has formed during the agonizing month and a half since the plane 's disappearance has spent weeks demanding details on the aircraft 's last known location . Last week , more than 100 family members marched at midnight to the Malaysian Embassy in Beijing and staged a 15-hour sit-in demanding a meeting with a high-level technical delegation . "  They are making progress , " said Jimmy Wang , a member of the families ' technical committee , after Tuesday morning 's briefing . CNN TV exclusive : Malaysian PM not declaring passengers dead Why did n't Flight 370 's emergency beacon work ? Lack of signal buoys hope	The last known words of Flight 370 are played to families of Chinese passengers in Beijing It 's the first time the recording has been played in public by Malaysian officials They gave a chronology of the plane 's last known contacts with radar stations , satellite Chinese families have been pushing Malaysian officials to give them more information
Suzanne Simons is an executive producer at CNN as well as author of the book "  Master of War : Blackwater USA 's Erik Prince and the Business of War "  Collins , June 2009  . Erik Prince , founder of Blackwater , is pictured in Afghanistan in November 2007 . CNN  -- The private military contractor formerly known as Blackwater has held classified contracts with the Central Intelligence Agency for nearly a decade , but an allegation that the contractor was part of a secret CIA program to kill al Qaeda operatives -- if true -- would take the relationship to a whole new level . The CIA hired the private security firm Blackwater USA in 2004 to work on a covert program aimed at targeting and potentially killing top al Qaeda leaders , a source familiar with the program told CNN . Former company executives deny knowing about the program . Current leaders of the company did not return calls to CNN . The CIA wo n't comment on classified contracts . The classified program , canceled by CIA director Leon Panetta earlier this year , was part of a broader effort inside the CIA to develop the capacity to conduct training , surveillance and possible covert operations overseas , according to the source . The program was outsourced to contractors to "  put some distance " between the effort and the U.S. government . Other contractors were brought in for other parts of the program , another source said , and Blackwater 's involvement ended by mid-2006 . But one thing is clear : The company that renamed itself Xe earlier this year in an effort to escape controversy surrounding a 2007 shooting in Baghdad that left 17 Iraqis dead has had a long relationship with the world 's most famous spy agency . When Erik Prince first opened his Blackwater training facility in the late '90s , his clients included special forces teams and law enforcement agencies from around the country . Prince had expressed frustration with the training facilities he visited during his time as a Navy SEAL , and a sizable inheritance allowed him the financial freedom to retire from the military and try his hand at creating a better facility . His first clients were indeed SEAL teams . But they also included teams from other government agencies , including the CIA . Case officers and protection details , the people generally accustomed to working in the shadows , began showing up for training on the shooting range or the driving track in a rural part of North Carolina . When then-CIA Executive Director Alvin "  Buzzy " Krongard , whose own son was a Navy SEAL , visited the facility , former Blackwater President Gary Jackson suggested he meet with Prince , who worked out of an office in the Washington area . The two had lunch and Krongard immediately took a liking to the man who would later lead the world 's most notorious private contracting company . At the time , contacts like these were essential to building the business , so when terror struck the heart of America in September 2001 , Prince called up his new friend Krongard and offered to help . Sources inside the agency at the time say that Krongard in fact , was pushing hard for Blackwater to be given the first urgent and compelling , no-bid contract to protect CIA facilities in Afghanistan . The military , it seems , was n't up to the task of staffing such an effort . Once awarded the initial contract , Prince maintained a close relationship with Krongard , and made trips to Afghanistan to make sure things were going smoothly . The idea that the agency came to Blackwater for help on any other contracts , including one with the overall goal of locating and assassinating al Qaeda operatives , would n't come as a huge surprise , particularly since so much of the intelligence budget is spent on private contractors . But with investigations under way into just what was done and by whom at the CIA under the Bush administration , people are remaining tight-lipped . Especially under the threat of possible prosecution , should it go that far .	Relationship between Blackwater and CIA goes back almost a decade Recent allegation says contractor was part of CIA program to kill al Qaeda operatives Blackwater was given contract to protect CIA facilities in Afghanistan after 9/11 attacks The private contractor renamed itself Xe earlier this year
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of Vice , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . Motherboard.tv is Vice 's site devoted to the overlap between culture and technology . The reports , which are being produced solely by Vice , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  Motherboard.tv  -- You 're on the Internet . What does that mean ? Most likely , it means one of a handful of telecommunications providers is middle-manning your information from point A to point B. Fire off an e-mail or a tweet , broadcast a live stream or upload video to YouTube , and you 're relying on vast networks of fiber optic cables deep underground and undersea , working with satellites high above , to move your data around the world , and to bring the world to your fingertips . It 's an infrastructure largely out of sight and mind . AT&T , Level 3 , Hurricane Electric , Tata Indicom -- to most these are simply invisible magicians performing the act of getting one online and kicking . To many open-source advocates , however , these are a few of the big , dirty names responsible for what they see as the Web 's rapid consolidation . The prospect of an irreparably centralized Internet , a physical Internet in the hands of a shrinking core of so-called Tier 1 transit networks , keeps Isaac Wilder up at night . Wilder is the 21-year-old co-founder of the Free Network Foundation . Motherboard , VICE 's science and technology offshoot , first caught up with Wilder at Zuccotti Park during the fledgling days of Occupy Wall Street . The Kansas City native seemed to be running on little sleep . He 'd gone hoarse from chanting relentlessly over the first three days of a populist movement that would soon sweep the country and the world . But there was an undeniable urgency and excitement when Wilder told us about the efforts of the FNF , a non-profit , peer-to-peer communications initiative striving to liberate the global Internet from corporate and governmental interference . It all sounded lofty and arcane and way , way over our heads . But Wilder seemed committed enough to his drop in the bucket of global revolution , which comes in the form of nine-foot-tall Freedom Towers that beam out free , secure Wi-Fi to occupied sites and underserviced communities , that we wanted to hear more . See the rest of Free the Network at Motherboard.tv . If the argument for mesh networking , a sort of pirate radio Internet scheme that allows people to talk to one another online through no middle man , is that a centralized ` Net lends itself to the sort of surveillance and censorship that , however futile , strokes the Internet kill switch of science fiction , is there a way to circumvent that system altogether ? Is there a way to build a new network from the bottom up ? To occupy a fresh Internet outside the existing confines of the Web ? Or is that all just the stuff of ideological fantasy ? To check the pulse of the Internet -- and to get a feel for what life 's like in the digital nerve center of what 's arguably the first fully Web-fueled social movement in America -- Motherboard has been following Wilder and Tyrone Greenfield , communications director for the Free Network Foundation , for the past half year . Through the thick of Occupy marches , in squats and test-lab offices , on rooftops and all places in between , we saw Wilder , Greenfield and the FNF building and perfecting their Towers and their humble , cooperatively owned , physical Internet . We even broke a story that popped off on the Internet in the immediate wake of the New York Police Department 's November 17 raid on Zuccotti Park . We traveled with Wilder to a Department of Sanitation garage shortly after he was released from a 36-hour stint in jail . He was looking for things lost in the early morning sweep of Occupy 's epicenter : cash , his backpack and laptop , Zuccotti 's Freedom Tower . What he found next to a wet heap of clothing and tents were a number of laptops splayed in rows . They appeared mangled and snarled . One was even stripped of its back casing . Whether Occupy 's laptops were purposefully destroyed , or merely crunched under the hydraulic mash of a Sanitation garbage truck , remains unclear . To be sure , after the incident we contacted the NYPD , who forwarded us to Sanitation . Sanitation was tasked with hauling away all the abandoned property from Zuccotti to an off-site garage , where demonstrators were later allowed to rummage for their belongings . A Sanitation representative told Motherboard there had been no directive to destroy property , but that he was n't surprised to hear that some items , including laptops , had maybe been mishandled or misplaced . In the end , what we came up with is a short documentary called Free the Network . It 's a story about big dreams and cloudy missions , about complex affiliations and what happens when a DIY hack-tech movement confronts the force of the state . But beyond that , it 's a story about the incredibly high stakes of living networked in today 's world . We all have skin in this game . Remember : You 're on the Internet .	VICE catches up with Isaac Wilder , founder of the Free Network Foundation Foundation strives to liberate the Internet from corporate and governmental interference Documentary looks at what happens when a hack-tech movement confronts the state
CNN  -- This week super fans from around the world are gathering in New York to celebrate the 159th birthday of the legendary consulting detective Sherlock Holmes . Never mind that Holmes is a fictional character . To this day , in books , TV and movies , Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's creation remains just as popular as he was when he debuted in the late 19th century . Much of Holmes ' appeal has always been his amazing mind -- how he is able to solve a seemingly insurmountable mystery through simple observation and deep thought . Would n't we all like to borrow from his bag of mental tricks ? Just imagine the possibilities if you put Holmes ' brain power to use in the workplace , the classroom or social situations . That 's the premise of Maria Konnikova 's fascinating new book , "  Mastermind : How to Think Like Sherlock Holmes . " Konnikova , a columnist for Scientific American and a doctoral student in psychology , explores the latest science to dissect the inner workings of the iconic detective 's mind . In turn , Konnikova uses Holmes as an example of how anyone can learn to think more clearly , improve his or her memory and generally increase everyday mental power . CNN recently spoke to Konnikova about the book and the benefits of learning to think like Holmes . The following is an edited transcript : CNN : How did you become a fan of Sherlock Holmes ? Konnikova : I was introduced to Sherlock Holmes by my Dad when I was young . We had a tradition every Sunday night , he would read to us . Different stories , different books . "  The Count of Monte Cristo , " "  The Three Musketeers , " things kids would really enjoy . One Sunday we started the Sherlock Holmes stories , and it was just a completely eye-opening experience . I remember sitting there riveted . It really stuck with me as I grew older . I realized how powerful they were from a literary standpoint . Conan Doyle was such a phenomenal writer . I do n't think people appreciate just how good the work really is . He 's masterful with voice , with conversation , with pacing , with description . He has it all down . I was also struck by how incredibly accurate his psychological observations were . Sherlock Holmes became this figure who predated modern psychology , neuroscience and our understanding of how the mind works by more than a century . Combing through the stories , I thought it would be a fascinating way of looking at the mind by using this fictional character . CNN : Can you briefly explain Holmes ' thought process ? Konnikova : Holmes is really a mindful detective , someone who knows the true value of observation , which means being mindful and in the present moment , really taking in your surroundings , really taking in everything . That type of approach permeates all of his thinking . He 's not just aware of his environment ; he 's aware of himself ; he 's aware of the contents of his own mind . He has a powerful knowledge of how he thinks , what mistakes he is likely to make . Holmes puts it best when he says it 's the difference between seeing and observing . CNN : What is the "  brain attic " Holmes talks about ? Konnikova : It 's his analogy for how we store and process information . How is it that we take the world around us and we form it into the permanent memories that we will then use as the basis of future decisions , future thinking , of future knowledge . The reason he uses an attic is twofold . First , an attic is finite . You ca n't just keep stuffing things up there and expect it not to give . That 's true of the mind as well . The human mind is more expandable than an attic , but there is this finite capacity for working knowledge . Which is Holmes ' second point , and why the analogy works so well . It does n't just matter what you put up there ; it matters how you do it . So if you think about it like an attic in an old house , if there are just boxes everywhere filled with junk and none of them are labeled , you 're not going to be able to find anything . What Holmes tells you is be careful , label everything , make sure everything is organized and accessible . That way , not only will you know where to find it , but you will remember it better . We really only know what we can remember at any given moment . It does n't matter if you memorized the information , and it 's in your attic somewhere . If you ca n't access it when you need it , you might as well not know it at all . CNN : Are there everyday benefits of learning to think like Holmes ? Konnikova : Absolutely , this type of approach can make you healthier , happier and sharper . CNN : Where would you start ? Konnikova : The first thing to do -- and this is difficult in our modern environment -- but realize that multitasking is not your friend . When you multitask , you can not think like Sherlock Holmes . That 's just anathema to his mindful approach . If we take chunks out of the day where we focus , where we allow ourselves to just do one thing and nothing else , you 'll find your mind becomes better at doing that one thing and better at managing multiple inputs , filtering out distractions and creating a cleaner slate for you to work . When you 're cognitively busy , you 're not thinking as clearly . If you 're someone with a busy schedule who has to multitask all the time , even if you just practice this quiet mindfulness a few minutes a day , just let your mind focus on the present moment , it can make a huge difference in the clarity of your thinking . Learn more about the book and read an excerpt on Konnikova 's website .	Sherlock Holmes , the celebrated fictional detective , turns 159 this week Author Maria Konnikova uses the latest science to explain workings of Holmes ' mind She shows how you can learn to think with clarity like Holmes
CNN  -- Despite the global financial crisis , China 's rich are getting richer . "  As of April this year , China has 960,000 millionaires with personal assets of 10 million yuan  US$ 1.5 million  , " says Rupert Hoogewerf , chairman of the Hurun Research Institute , which compiles China 's rich list . "  It has 60,000 super-rich with 100 million yuan assets , and their numbers keep growing , " he says . The newly affluent are getting more outwardly mobile , too . Nearly half of them are thinking of emigrating overseas , according to a Hurun Research Institute report . About 14 per cent of them have or are in the process of applying for emigration , it said . "  In Chinese , emigration refers also to getting a permanent residency , or a ` green card ' , " Hoogewerf explains . "  We estimate this to make up 80 % of the total who want to 'em igrate ' . " Many businessmen are capitalizing on this trend . Among them is Larry Wang , founder and chairman of Well Trend United Inc , one of the leading immigration consulting companies in China . Born and bred in Beijing , Wang went to Canada in 1985 for post-graduate studies . He stayed until 1995 when he decided to return to Beijing . "  China 's economy then was changing rapidly , " he recalled . "  I asked myself , what does Canada have to offer China ? Maple syrup and immigration . I could n't sell syrup so I got into the immigration business . " His business has grown the past 17 years . Well Trend now employs 500 people who work in 10 major cities across China , handling immigration and student visa applications . The company charges 12,000 yuan to 100,000 yuan to help clients secure student and immigrant visas . "  Over the years we 've helped more than 10,000 applicants for immigration , " Wang says , including many millionaires . But why are China 's newly affluent seeking to emigrate ? Some do so for convenience , experts say . "  A foreign passport makes it a lot easier for them to travel around the world , " Wang says . "  They do n't want to go through tedious visa applications all the time . " China 's new rich -- a mixed group of Red capitalists , young tycoons and up-and-coming "  fuerdai "  second-generation capitalist scions  -- are typically cosmopolitan and tech-savvy , frequent travelers who are willing to pay a premium for convenience . They are also ready to spend on education for their children to give them a competitive edge in a new kind of rat race , in which millions of Chinese are striving for advancement . Wang remembers the case of Li Weijie , 44 , a longtime client who emigrated to Canada more than 10 years ago and who refers to the move as "  the best decision I 've ever made in my life . " Liu 's teenage son did not excel at school in China , but after entering the University of British Columbia he blossomed and is now doing well in Canada . Liu , a real estate mogul , is still doing a lucrative business in China . Likewise , many Chinese millionaires who apply for U.S. "  alien investor 's visa " -- applicants have to commit $ 500,000 to $ 1 million in capital investment -- seek permanent resident status there so their children will have easier access to U.S. education . "  In the long run , after their children complete their undergrad or graduate studies , they would have the opportunity to compete for jobs without having to find an employer willing to sponsor them for U.S. work visas , " says Joyce Gomez , an immigration lawyer based in Washington . A small percentage of the applicants , she adds , intend to operate their own businesses in the U.S. after they obtain permanent resident status . Hoogewerf cites other reasons . He says some millionaires opt to leave to escape China 's insufficient medical care , pollution and food safety . "  There is also an element of insurance against economic , social and potential political unrest , " he says . Still , Wang does not see the spike in emigration as a mass exodus of millionaires . "  It 's very normal that people would want to leave and see the outside world after they 've made a fortune , " he says . "  The same thing has happened in Hong Kong , Taiwan and South Korea . " Wang thinks it 's a good thing . "  It 's globalization , " he says . "  It facilitates exchange of business ideas and helps bridge cultural gaps . " Even when they emigrate , experts say , most Chinese elite keep one foot planted in China . "  They keep their businesses here , " says Victor Lum , a former immigration specialist at the Canadian Embassy in Beijing , and now a top executive at Well Trend . "  These millionaires are familiar with China 's unique culture , " says Lum . "  They have succeeded here , but success elsewhere is not guaranteed . " Hoogewerf agrees . "  When weighed against the gains to be made in China today , not to mention the prevailing confusion in the European and U.S. markets , most Chinese prefer to keep significant part of their assets in China , " he says . "  This is also where they are ` at home ' no matter their passport or residency . " Some 40 % of the Chinese millionaires polled by the Hurun Research Institute prefer to set up their "  second home " in the U.S. , followed by Canada , Singapore and Europe . "  The U.S. requires shorter time of stay in the country to gain permanent resident status and their other procedures are less complicated , " says Wang . But the hurdles on the way into America are high , too , says Gomez . "  An alien investor applicant must be able to demonstrate that the funds invested were obtained from a legitimate source , " she explains . An applicant may also be rejected if they are unable to demonstrate that their capital investment in the enterprise will create or preserve at least 10 jobs for qualified American workers within the U.S. Legal fees from immigration attorneys that prepare the applications are not cheap . "  It can range from $ 15,000 to $ 25,000 , " says Gomez . But for the Chinese millionaires , that 's small change .	Nearly half of China 's super rich are thinking of emigrating overseas China 's new rich are typically cosmopolitan and tech-savvy Some emigrants intend to operate their own businesses in the U.S.
CNN  -- As her friends , her family and the world celebrated Maya Angelou last weekend , I am struck by the imprint she left on me . Maya Angelou was a shining example of how powerful and strong , good and giving , courageous and dignified , gracious and lovely a human being can be . Her generosity of spirit is truly beautiful . Whether she was doing an interview with a stranger or talking to a friend , she was so giving of her spirit , always making whomever she was talking with feel important and lifted up . Being around her made you want to be the best you could be , because she saw the best we could be . And she was like a bright and shining mirror . Because she saw the best in us , we could see it in ourselves . And once we saw it we had a responsibility to live it . We were talking once about writing songs and why I had been hesitant for so long to really jump in and write my own songs . She said , "  Sometimes it 's not the fear of failing at something that holds us back . It 's the fear of succeeding . Because we know that once we take that step and do whatever we 've been holding back and succeed at it , the world will expect more of us . " So true . Maya 's wisdom and generosity of spirit inspired us all . What if she had hid that light ? She was brave enough and open enough and strong enough to share her brilliant mind and spirit with the whole world . And we are all better for it . She made no secret she was a fan of music and particularly a fan of country music . I was beyond honored that she said she liked my music and me , as a woman . "  Everything you sing , " she once said , "  sounds like it comes from your heart . " How awesome is that , and to come from Maya Angelou ! Maya also shared her wisdom through her words . One of my favorite phrases of hers is : "  Ca n't do is like do n't care . Neither of them have a home . " But perhaps my very favorite words were the last words she spoke to me . "  Come visit me in my home . I will cook for you . " Thank you , Maya . You forever changed my world -- our world , the whole world -- for the better . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Country singer Martina McBride remembers her friend and mentor Maya Angelou Angelou -- a poet , author , actress and activist -- died last week at 86 Celebrities from Oprah to Michelle Obama gathered Saturday for services in North Carolina
Boston  CNN  Prosecutors said Azmat Tazhayakov knew exactly what he was doing after the April 2013 Boston Marathon bombing when he helped his friend ditch a laptop and backpack that belonged to schoolmate Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . The assertions were made during opening statements of the first marathon bombing-related trial . "  They did it to protect their close friend , " said Assistant U.S. Attorney Stephanie Siegmann . Tazhayakov is charged with obstructing justice and conspiracy to obstruct justice in connection with alleged actions taken after the bombing . His roommate , Dias Kadyrbayev , faces the same charges , which carry a maximum sentence of 20 years . Both have pleaded not guilty . Another friend , Robel Phillipos , pleaded not guilty to making false statements . None is accused in the bomb plot itself . Lawyers for Tazhayakov , a University of Massachusetts Dartmouth student from Kyrgyzstan , said he did everything he could to help the investigation when he spoke with the FBI . Based on that information , authorities found Tsarnaev 's backpack in a landfill and his laptop in the students ' apartment . The government says accused bomber Tsarnaev texted Tazhayakov after the bombing and told him he could go to his dorm room and take what they wanted . He ended the text with a smiley face . His lawyer told jurors , the smiley face is code for marijuana . Tazhayakov asked whether Tsarnaev saw the news of the bombing , according to prosecutors . Tsarnaev responded , "  Do n't go thinking it 's me , you cooked bastard , " which reportedly is a phrase used to describe those who smoke marijuana . A friend who took the stand as one of the first prosecution witnesses told jurors Tsarnaev sold weed on campus . Prosecutors told jurors Tazhayakov knew the identity of the suspected bombers -- Tsarnaev and his older brother Tamerlan Tsarnaev -- before the public found out , allegedly texting Kadyrbayev , "  i think they got his brother " hours before the public knew their names or their relationship to one another . That 's because the students allegedly recognized the Tsarnaev brothers after authorities released video and still photos asking for the public 's helping finding the two men . Defense lawyers for Tazhayakov and Kadyrbayev have said the young men were n't sure it was the Tsarnaev brothers . Kadyrbayev will have a separate trial at a later date . In January 2013 , three months before the bombing , the government saia Tazhayakov stayed over with his pal for two nights and met Tamerlan Tsarnaev , who died in a shootout with police days after the bombing . The FBI suspects Tamerlan helped plot and carry out the terror attack with his little brother . One month before the bombing , the government says the younger Tsarnaev met with his friends at a restaurant and told them he knew how to make a bomb and could make one with gunpowder . He also allegedly discussed martyrdom . "  It was good to die ... as a martyr , as you would die with a smile on your face and go straight to heaven , " Tsarnaev told them , according to Siegmann . Tazhayakov 's lawyer Nicholas Wooldridge said his client does n't believe in martyrdom and the Tsarnaevs did not act as martyrs because they initially survived the attacks . The defense maintains Tazhayakov , then 19 , did n't understand his legal right to remain silent when the FBI questioned him because of difficulty understanding English and that he was coerced during questioning . His lawyers have asked a judge to throw out his statement , but the judge has not yet ruled on that motion . His lawyers also blame co-defendant Kadrybayev for throwing the backpack in a dumpster , repeatedly telling jurors Tazhayakov never touched the backpack and did n't know it had been ditched . "  We 've been asking God that the truth will come out , and we hope the jury will hear that , " Tazhayakov 's father said outside court , through a Russian translator . When CNN asked whether his son could have done something differently , his father replied "  Absolutely . Before you make a friend , make sure you make the right decision . "	Prosecutors allege Azmat Tazhayakov helped dispose of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's items Tazhayakov knew identity of bombers before the public , prosecutors said His lawyers said Tazhayakov did everything he could to assist the FBI They said statements from him during questioning were coerced
Washington  CNN  New allegations have emerged from the man described as the 20th 9/11 hijacker , alleging members of the Saudi royal family supported al Qaeda . Zacarias Moussaoui , who pleaded guilty in 2005 to six terror-related charges , makes the allegations in a sworn statement contained in a brief submitted Tuesday as part of an ongoing civil case by the families of 9/11 victims . In the late 1990s , Moussaoui says , he was tasked by Osama bin Laden to create a digital database cataloging al Qaeda 's donors . Every day for two or three months , he says , he entered names of the group 's donors into a Toshiba computer , along with how much they gave . Moussaoui , who has been in U.S. custody for more than 13 years , said the list featured high-profile people , including several members of the Saudi Royal family , whom he named in his testimony . They include Prince Turki al-Faisal Al Saud , former director-general of Saudi Arabia 's Foreign Intelligence Service and ambassador to the United States . Moussaoui , a French national , said he was chosen for the database job because of his education and ability to speak English . "  Shaykh Osama wanted to keep a record who give money ... who is to be listened to or who contribute to -- to the jihad , " he said in sometimes stuttered answers . CNN can not independently confirm the claims Moussaoui makes in his new testimony , which was made under oath as part of a brief filed in opposition to a motion to dismiss a case against Saudi Arabia for its alleged involvement in the 9/11 attacks . Unlike a deposition , Moussaoui was not subjected to cross-examination by the defendants ' lawyers . Moussaoui 's credibility has been called into question before . And though Saudi Arabia 's role in the attacks has long been a topic of suspicion , the 9/11 Commission 's report , released in 2004 , concluded there was no evidence the Saudi government funded al Qaeda . See also : ISIS captors ` did n't even have the Quran ' "  It does not appear that any government other than the Taliban financially supported al Qaeda before 9/11 , although some governments may have contained al Qaeda sympathizers who turned a blind eye to al Qaeda 's fund-raising activities , " the report said . "  Saudi Arabia has long been considered the primary source of al Qaeda funding , but we have found no evidence that the Saudi government as an institution or senior Saudi officials individually funded the organization . " Still , the report noted in parentheses , "  This conclusion does not exclude the likelihood that charities with significant Saudi government sponsorship diverted funds to al Qaeda . " In a statement reacting to these latest allegations , the Saudi Embassy in Washington said , "  There is no evidence to support Moussaoui 's claim . The Sept. 11 attack has been the most intensely investigated crime in history and the findings show no involvement by the Saudi government or Saudi officials . " The Saudi statement also referred to the assessment of the 9/11 Commission . "  Moussaoui is a deranged criminal whose own lawyers presented evidence that he was mentally incompetent . His words have no credibility , " the statement said . "  Moussaoui 's  goal in making these statements only serves to get attention for himself and try to do what he could not do through acts of terrorism -- to undermine Saudi-U.S. relations . " Moussaoui 's new sworn statements were taken in October at a supermax prison in Florence , Colorado , where he has been held since his life sentence was handed down in 2006 . Related : Saudi dilemma : How to spot potential terrorists In them , Moussaoui goes on to say he met with members of the Saudi royal family in person more than once in Saudi Arabia , in order to hand-deliver letters to and from al Qaeda 's notorious leader . "  I was introduced as the messenger for Shaykh Osama bin Laden , " Moussaoui told attorneys on Oct. 21 . "  Did they treat you well during the -LSB- first -RSB- visit ? " the lawyer asked . "  Extremely well , " Moussaoui said . Moussaoui said he traveled on private jets and in limousines . His meetings took place in luxury hotels and even Saudi palaces . He was also given money for travel expenses at the Saudi Embassy in Islamabad , which he considered a bribe , he said . Furthermore , Moussaoui said his primary point of contact with the royal family was Prince Turki al-Faisal Al Saud , and that Turki introduced him to other prominent members of the family , including another former Saudi ambassador to Washington , Prince Bandar bin Sultan . Tuesday 's court filing also included statements by three members of the 9/11 Commission , former Secretary of the Navy John Lehman , and former Sens. Bob Graham and Bob Kerrey . Their statements do not support the specific claims Moussaoui makes , but do say that further investigation of Saudi government involvement is necessary . "  I am convinced that there was a direct line between at least some of the terrorists who carried out the Sept. 11th attacks and the government of Saudi Arabia , " Graham wrote . Kerrey told CNN on Friday that while he ca n't verify Moussaoui 's specific allegations , he does believe the new information highlights the need for further investigation . "  It deepens suspicions that everything about Saudi involvement is not as well-known as it should be , " he said . But this suspicion of the Saudi government is not shared by all . Robert Jordan , who was U.S. ambassador to Saudi Arabia from 2001 to 2003 , told CNN he "  was given no hint whatsoever of direct Saudi leadership involvement -- any financing or any planning -- for these attacks . " Jordan said he was regularly in touch with Robert Mueller and George Tenet , who led the FBI and CIA , respectively , and felt assured over the course of their investigation that allegations against the Saudi government were without merit . "  A lot of it was my own questioning , " said Jordan . " ` Are you sure ? Have you made certain that none of the people we 're dealing with now at the senior level had anything to do with these attacks or with supporting the terrorists who financed and orchestrated them ? ' And I was routinely and universally given the information that they felt comfortable at least at the senior level they had n't . " See also : Why Obama says fight with ISIS is n't a religious war Moussaoui has made incriminating claims about the Saudi government before . Last November , he said that Saudi Embassy officials were involved in a plot to shoot down Air Force One "  to assassinate Bill Clinton and/or Hillary Clinton . " He also said at that time that he had met with a Saudi prince and princess in early 2001 when he was taking flying lessons in Norman , Oklahoma , and that she "  gave me money . " Lawyers for the Saudi government denied those claims , saying pointedly , "  The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia had no role in the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 . " And the Saudis are not the only ones who have refuted Moussaoui 's account of the 9/11 plot . In 2006 , Osama bin Laden released an audiotape in which he denied Moussaoui 's assertion that he was supposed to strike the White House with a 747 on September 11 , 2001 . "  I am the one in charge of the 19 brothers , " bin Laden said , referring to the 19 known hijackers , "  and I never assigned brother Zacarias to be with them in that mission . " Many -- if not all -- of Moussaoui 's statements over the years have been called into question . During his 2006 sentencing trial , an expert witness testified that Moussaoui suffered from delusional paranoid schizophrenia . He was prone to loud and disruptive outbursts during that trial , and guards testified he would sometimes make irrational claims to them . He has also asked for certain concessions in exchange for testimony , such as a warmer cell in a different unit of the supermax prison . Beyond his claims about the donor database , Moussaoui also says in this latest sworn statement that he was involved in a series of other plots against U.S. targets . Specifically , he says he was given explosives training to attack the U.S. Embassy in London with a truck bomb . "  I conducted a trial test of explosives for bomb of 750 kilogram of ammonium nitrate , " he said . "  The plot was agreed with Shaykh Osama bin Laden . " Moussaoui said his team in that plot included Richard Reid , known as "  the shoe bomber , " who Moussaoui previously said was supposed to take part in the 9/11 attacks -- allegations that Reid has denied . The plot against the embassy in London was eventually canceled , Moussaoui said , and he was sent to Malaysia to explore the possibility of attacking the U.S. Embassy in Kuala Lumpur . That plot was also canceled , Moussaoui told his attorneys , so he went to the U.S. to look into attacking Air Force One -- the plot he first revealed in November . "  My plan was not to launch the attack , " he insisted in the statement . "  It was only to see the feasibility of the attack . " CNN 's Jennifer Rizzo , Deborah Feyerick and Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	Zacarias Moussaoui says members of the Saudi royal family supported al Qaeda The so-called 20th hijacker in the 9/11 terrorist attacks makes allegations in a brief that 's part of a case by 9/11 victims ' families Moussaoui , who 's been in U.S. custody for more than 13 years , has had his credibility questioned before
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The world 's oldest known Christian Bible goes online Monday -- but the 1,600-year-old text does n't match the one you 'll find in churches today . The British government bought most of the pages of the ancient manuscript in 1933 . Discovered in a monastery in the Sinai desert in Egypt more than 160 years ago , the handwritten Codex Sinaiticus includes two books that are not part of the official New Testament and at least seven books that are not in the Old Testament . The New Testament books are in a different order , and include numerous handwritten corrections -- some made as much as 800 years after the texts were written , according to scholars who worked on the project of putting the Bible online . The changes range from the alteration of a single letter to the insertion of whole sentences . And some familiar -- very important -- passages are missing , including verses dealing with the resurrection of Jesus , they said . Juan Garces , the British Library project curator , said it should be no surprise that the ancient text is not quite the same as the modern one , since the Bible has developed and changed over the years . "  The Bible as an inspirational text has a history , " he told CNN . "  There are certainly theological questions linked to this , " he said . "  Everybody should be encouraged to investigate for themselves . " That is part of the reason for putting the Bible online , said Garces , who is both a Biblical scholar and a computer scientist . "  Scholars will want to look very closely at it , and some of the Web site functionality is specifically for them -- the ability to search the text , the ability to highlight a word , the degree of detail is particularly interesting for scholars interested in the text , " he said . But , he added , "  It 's for everyone , really a wide audience , because of curiosity , because they appreciate the value of it . " By the middle of the fourth century , when the Codex Sinaiticus was written , there was wide but not complete agreement on which books should be considered authoritative for Christian communities , according to the Web site where the Codex is posted . The Bible comes from the Monastery of St. Catherine in the Sinai desert , where a scholar named Constantine Tischendorf recognized its significance in 1844 -- and promptly took part of it , Garces explained . "  Constantine Tischendorf was in search for ancient manuscripts , so he appreciated the age and value of it , " Garces said . He took a handful of pages to Germany to publish them , then returned in 1853 and in 1859 for more . On that last trip , he took 694 pages , which ended up in St. Petersburg , Russia . The Soviet government decided to sell them in 1933 -- to raise money to buy tractors and other agricultural equipment . The British government bought the pages for # 100,000 , raising half the money from the public . Garces called that event one of the first fundraising campaigns in British history . Film footage from the time shows crowds of people turning out to see the manuscript , which was considered a national treasure , he said . Though the Bible has been reassembled online , in the real world it remains scattered . Most of it is in London . Eighty-six pages are held at the University Library in Leipzig , Germany , parts of 12 pages are held at the National Library of Russia in St. Petersburg , and 24 pages and 40 fragments remain at St. Catherine 's Monastery , recovered by the monks from the northern wall of the structure in June 1975 . The manuscript contains the Christian Bible in Greek , including the oldest complete copy of the New Testament .  A copy held at the Vatican dates from about the same period .  Older copies of individual portions of the Christian Bible exist , but not as part of a complete text . The Codex also includes much of the Old Testament that was adopted by early Greek-speaking Christians . That portion includes books not found in the Hebrew Bible and regarded in the Protestant tradition as apocryphal , such as 2 Esdras , Tobit , Judith , 1 & 4 Maccabees , Wisdom and Sirach . The New Testament portion includes the Epistle of Barnabas and The Shepherd of Hermas . As it survives today , Codex Sinaiticus comprises just over 400 large leaves of parchment -- prepared animal skin -- each of which measures 15 inches by 13.6 inches  380 mm by 345 mm  .	Handwritten Codex Sinaiticus is more than 1,600 years old Includes two books not part of official New Testament Discovered in a monastery in Sinai desert in Egypt more than 160 years ago Scholar named Constantine Tischendorf recognized its significance in 1844
CNN  -- Some die-hard fans are getting all wrapped up in a campaign to defend Paula Deen . They 're sending cleaned and origami-folded butter wrappers to Food Network and other companies that dropped the popular chef and cookbook author in the wake of allegations of racism and sexual harassment . Deen later admitted to "  of course " using the n-word . The wrappers are intended as signs of protest -- physical declarations of "  we 're sticking with Paula . " John Schmitt , a hotel night auditor in Indianapolis and the man behind the campaign , says he could n't abide by the "  betrayal " of Food Network , QVC and others . He felt he had to do something to express his disgust at the situation . "  She made a mistake 20 years ago , " he says . "  We all make mistakes . I 've said things I regret . " First , he thought about mailing actual sticks of butter . Then he considered two things : the waste of butter  something true Deen fans could never forgive  , and the physical ickiness of envelopes steeped in melted butter . He opted for an empty wrapper on which he wrote in black block letters : "  Where is Paula ? " and began cooking up a plan . Deen critics say credit is past due Wrapping things up Schmitt created the Facebook page , "  We Support Paula Deen , " on June 21 and announced the butter wrapper campaign the following week after Deen 's now-famous interview with "  Today " anchor Matt Lauer . "  People on the page are a lot like me , " he says . "  They support Paula and who she is as a person . " Schmitt and many others say they have sent wrappers to Food Network , the QVC , Wal-Mart , Ballantine Books and other companies that have dropped Deen . Food Network , QVC , Wal-Mart and Smithfield Foods declined to comment . The idea for the butter wrapper campaign arose from Schmitt 's desire to do something "  tangible " as a show of support for Paula , something beyond Facebook posts . Opinion : Half-baked apology is recipe for racial indigestion Talking with iReporter Chris Ford inspired him to try something different . "  That 's when I said , ` You know , this is actually perfect , ' " Ford remembers . " ` The butter itself is Paula , and these wrappers are void of butter just like these companies are void of Paula . ' And -LSB- Schmitt -RSB- said , ` My God , that 's it . That 's our slogan . ' " The slogan that came out of it -- "  A corporation without Paula Deen is like a butter wrapper without butter " -- inspired countless posters to pledge their own wrappers for Paula 's benefit . Soon the page was smothered in posts and comments from users , gushing over the cleverness of the campaign and pledging to send their own wrappers to the list of companies Schmitt had posted on the site . "  Perhaps somebody somewhere in mail rooms is keeping track , " Schmitt says . "  I would 've loved to see their face for the first one . Like , ` Ew , is this butter ? ' " Schmitt sent his in the first week of the campaign , but he has n't received a formal response yet , just "  canned answers " from Sears and Wal-Mart . He was n't necessarily expecting one ; the campaign , he says , is more intended for self-expression than for results . Many , like Schmitt , say they were n't expecting personalized responses from Food Network , Smithfield 's or any Deen-dropping company . "  I sent a butter wrapper knowing that the chuck-a-lucks down at the Food Network probably would n't even open it , " wrote Liz Vannah , a supporter from Connecticut , in a Facebook message . "  But I felt compelled to do something to show that this kind of railroading , for whatever hidden-agenda-ed reason it happened , is not looked kindly upon by the consuming public . " Comfort food , uncomfortable topics Paula Love-fests Schmitt says he 's been a Paula Deen fan for years , mainly because it was something he shared with his late mother , Laura Schmitt . They both enjoyed watching the show and shared a deep belief in Deen 's "  goodness " -- a belief that has not been shaken , even following news of Deen 's alleged racism . "  In a lot of ways , she reminds me of my mom -- this funny , gracious lady from a different era , " he says . "  My mom probably used that word and she was n't a racist . " He points to Deen 's work with the charitable Bag Lady Foundation and the sweet stories people have shared on the page as intrinsic signs of this goodness . Joyce Dixon , a Deen fan from Claxton , Georgia , says Schmitt 's page caught her eye because of its emphasis on personal stories . She joined as fan No. 102 and later became the volunteer manager of the site . Dixon says she believes the page grew in popularity so quickly because people were attracted to the "  lovey-doviness " of the stories , videos and photos shared by fans . Now , the page holds regular "  Love-Fest " nights for followers to share their Deen stories . Dixon has been a fan of Paula Deen since 1997 , when she first visited Deen 's Lady & Sons restaurant in Savannah , and there met Deen personally . "  She just had black hair with a bit of salt and pepper in it , " Dixon remembers . "  She was n't a big personality or nothing . She was very involved with the customers . " Dixon recalls how at the end of the meal , Deen took the time to sit down at their table to ask how Dixon and her friends had enjoyed themselves , even asking if there were any items they 'd like to see on the menu . "  That 's when she won me over : the one-on-one , the face time , " Dixon says . "  It 's Business 101 , and she 's got it down . " Since then , Dixon says the characterization of Deen in the media is "  so wrong . " "  You know what ? They 're the ones that did this , " Schmitt says , referring to the companies that dropped Deen . "  People -LSB- visiting those pages -RSB- were angry and upset and saw something they could get behind . " Paula Deen : From the frying pan to the firestorm Sticking with Paula Deen supporters from the page argue this "  punishment " has gone too far . They say Deen has become a scapegoat for media attention -- and Dixon says that is why she dedicates so many hours to a mere Facebook page . She wants to correct the public 's perception of the former Food Network star . "  It was n't about the n-word ; it was about the extortion thing , about this one crazy employee , " Dixon says . "  My interest is in Paula 's business . To me , it 's about a self-made woman . You have to ask yourself , ` If she was a man , would this happen ? If she was from the North would this happen ? ' And you know , I do n't think it would . " Follow Julia Carpenter on Twitter and Google + and keep up with CNN Living on Facebook . Are you a current or former Paula Deen fan ? Do you agree with how she 's been treated by sponsors and the media ? Weigh in with your comments below .	Fans are sending butter stick wrappers to Food Network and other companies that have dropped Paula Deen . The Facebook page , "  We Support Paula Deen " has more than 600,000 followers . Fans are decorating butter wrappers and getting creative with boycott letters . Fans say they support Deen and believe she should be forgiven for her mistakes .
CNN  -- More than half of the suspects Mexican authorities arrested in the bust of an alleged kidnapping gang were active-duty federal police officers , a top official said Tuesday . "  It is unfortunate that among those who have the high honor of serving citizens , some commit acts of treason against the citizens who they swore to protect , " government security spokesman Eduardo Sanchez told reporters . The 18 suspects arrested , including 13 federal police officers , are connected with at least seven homicides and four kidnappings in Guerrero state , Sanchez said . If convicted , he said , the federal police officers could face sentences of up to 70 years in prison for each alleged kidnapping offense . Sanchez said the arrests showed the government 's commitment to cracking down on any corruption within its ranks . Mexico : As dangerous -- and safe -- as ever But the bust was the latest public relations blow for the port of Acapulco , where Sanchez said the alleged crimes had been committed . The Pacific resort city and surrounding towns were battered by Tropical Storm Manuel last month and made global headlines with the alleged rape of six Spanish tourists there earlier this year . Sanchez said a citizen 's tip helped authorities uncover the criminal group and arrest the suspects in an operation earlier this month . He declined to provide details about the victims and said authorities were still investigating to determine whether the suspects were connected to crimes in other parts of Mexico . Since President Enrique PeÃ ± a Nieto took office in December , 81 federal police officers have been accused of committing crimes , Sanchez said . "  So the message is very clear , " he said . "  We are not going to tolerate any act of corruption from any public servant . " For years Guerrero state , which includes Acapulco , has ranked among the Mexican states with the highest homicide rates , a crime statistic regularly used by officials and analysts when discussing the overall security situation . Figures released by Mexico 's National Statistics and Geography Institute last week painted a grim picture of kidnapping throughout the country . A survey revealed that there were more than 105,000 kidnappings nationwide last year , the institute said , but only about 1,300 of them were reported to authorities . Vanishing victims : The ` open wounds ' of Mexico 's drug war CNNMexico 's Lizbeth Padilla Fajardo contributed to this report .	13 federal police officers are arrested in a kidnapping gang bust They are accused of connections with kidnappings and killings in Acapulco A spokesman says the arrests show the government wo n't tolerate corruption
Bekaa Valley , Lebanon  CNN  -- Syrian refugees in Lebanon 's Bekaa Valley thought life could n't get much harsher . But that was before winter storm "  Alexa " moved in . The rain and snow have since made things even more miserable . Scenes of despair are all around : One young girl , sockless and in slippers , trudges through the snow gathering what 's left of it for water . Later , she 'll need it to cook with . Across the road , huddling close to the makeshift tents that will barely keep out the rain , let alone protect them from the cold , three teenage boys describe the appalling conditions they 're living in . "  There 's nothing for us to get warm with , " Ahmed tells me . He 's from Homs and is wearing nothing more substantial than a hoodie . His friend Abdullah , also from Homs , adds : "  We need heating appliances . We need winter clothes for the kids . The adults can take the cold , but the kids ca n't , " he said . Aid workers have been quick to mobilize , fanning out across the hardest hit areas in Lebanon . According to the UN 's Refugee Agency  UNHCR  , the Lebanese Armed Forces , the UNHCR and their partner NGOs have been able to speed up the distribution of additional emergency shelter kits - including plastic sheets , timber and tools - to thousands of refugees living in tents in the Bekaa , eastern Lebanon , so far the region most affected by the storm . The U.N. says that they too are being hampered by the poor conditions . Emergency teams are dealing with blocked roads , and they say , alternate shelters are being prepared . CNN iReport : Refugees brace for snow "  For the hundreds of thousands of refugees in Lebanon , as well as those in neighboring countries and the displaced in Syria , a storm like this creates immense additional hardship and suffering , " said Amin Awad , UNHCR 's Middle East and North Africa bureau director . "  With Lebanon 's help , we 're doing everything we can to get rapid additional help to people who most need it . " But the refugees in this particular makeshift camp in the Bekaa tell me help has n't come fast enough . They say they 're still waiting . Close by , adults chop any firewood they can as children , many of them with nothing but slippers on their feet , try to distract themselves from the cold . Some , like sister and brother Khadija and Amjad , from Aleppo , crave the remnants of a childhood long forgotten ; they make the most of the frosty conditions by building a snowman . For others though , the needs are more basic : they seek warmth and food . According to the UNHCR , Lebanon is the largest Syrian refugee-hosting country in the region , with 838,189 Syrian refugees either registered as refugees or awaiting registration . So , that means that the country of Lebanon , with a population of just over 4 million , has now grown to over 5 million people due to the growing number of refugees . And , that number is climbing . The UNHCR says that , unlike other countries neighboring Syria , there are no established refugee camps . Instead people are living in the community in nearly 1,600 different areas . Indeed , one of the biggest problems faced by Syrians who 've escaped the war at home and come to neighboring Lebanon is that the Lebanese government wo n't allow for the construction of official refugee camps . Despite continued requests from aid organizations , Lebanese political leaders are too fearful that camps for Syrians will become permanent , just as camps for Palestinian refugees , who began escaping to Lebanon in 1948 , did . As the sun begins to set over the ramshackle tents , more fear is setting in . One of the worst winters on record has only just begun . For these desperate souls , the night ahead will be darker and colder than ever .	Winter storm "  Alexa " has brought snow and rain to Lebanon 's Bekaa Valley Region is home to thousands of people who have fled the civil war in Syria One out of every four people living in Lebanon is now a Syrian refugee Many are living in makeshift camps , with little but flimsy tents to keep out the cold
CNN  -- The media has been abuzz since former Sen. and Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards admitted to an extramarital affair . Cubby Squires met John Edwards in 2007 . He said news of the affair makes Edwards ' political career "  nonexistent . " Edwards told ABC News ' "  Nightline " on Friday that he had an affair with 42-year-old Rielle Hunter . The affair began in 2006 after Hunter was hired to make documentary videos for Edwards ' presidential campaign . The scandal was a hot topic in the news , including among iReport contributors . "  I took it really personally , " said Cubby Squires of Charlotte , North Carolina . "  I always thought John Edwards was different from the typical politician . " Squires said there has been nonstop coverage of Edwards ' affair in Charlotte . "  It just makes his political career nonexistent , " he said . "  I really do n't think he can get into politics again . " Mike Daly of Santa Barbara , California , said he sympathizes with Edwards . Daly , who lost his wife to breast cancer six years ago , noted that Edwards had been facing a great deal : the loss of his child , a failed bid for the Democratic presidential nomination and wife Elizabeth 's diagnosis with cancer . "  These are real hard hits and perhaps he 's crumbling , " Daly said . iReport.com : Read Daly 's opinions Many iReporters questioned why the Edwards scandal deserves so much media attention . Carroll Byrd of Richmond , Virginia , described it as a "  nonstory , " adding that Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain deserves the same level of scrutiny of his sexual relations . " -LSB- Edwards -RSB- is not a candidate for office now , " said Byrd , a supporter of the former senator from North Carolina . "  I think something that happened two years ago should be a private matter between him and his wife . " Read below to see a sampling of responses from iReport.com users , some of which have been edited for length and clarity : iReporter jd1rymal : Good grief . ... He has an affair . Terrible . The shame , the agony of it all . I 'm not talking about his moment  s  of weakness , but the blood in the water that the media are feeding on as if they were sharks . Get over it ! Shellyta : No , I am not surprised by a powerful man having an affair . At least twice a year we hear about one of those . What amazes me is how in the world someone thinks that they can get away with something like this without thinking about the consequences . kardolfin : It is disappointing to hear that Edwards had an affair , but it 's not the end of the world . He is n't the first person to do it and I 'm sure he wo n't be the last . It is just a big deal because he was in the presidential race and that it is obviously a negative thing . I am disappointed in Edwards , but I do n't think he is a bad person and I do n't think it will destroy him . captain1944 : Obama is in Hawaii , McCain is , as usual , taking the weekend off , and the Olympics are on . The media needs something to fill up airtime . Now CNN , please , this does not really need to be a 24/7 story . cgigante : I still believe in John Edwards ' message . He was a true progressive candidate with a shot at winning , and it 's a shame he 'll now be sidelined over an indiscretion like this . Sure , it 's no good that he was dishonest in his personal life , but I do n't see how it has any bearing on his plans for economic equality and justice in the United States . JanaSagan : This affair in no way affects or concerns anyone other than the three adults involved . This should not even be in the news . We have no right to judge him or anyone else in matters of love . It is not a crime to fall out of love with one person and into love with another . Love is beyond our control . No one knows what causes love to begin or end . If we are trying to crucify him for this because of our moral Christian values , then we should also not cast stones on him or judge him . Leave him and his family alone so they can sort this out in peace and dignity . thebridge : From my perspective , John Edwards ' affair does not diminish his capabilities or enhance his lack of capabilities as a leader or public representative or any other job other than being a husband . However wrong or immoral we may find cheating  and lying about cheating  , the truth is that it does not necessarily reflect the other roles individuals have to fill . A great mother could also be a cheater or a great judge could lust after women 50 years his junior . That said , I think John Edwards is the same John Edwards -- politically -- that we knew before his affair hit the news .	Former Sen. John Edwards admits to an extramarital affair Many iReport contributors question why Edwards ' affair is a big news story "  We have no right to judge him or anyone else , " one iReporter says iReport.com : What do you think ? Share your verdict on Edwards ' affair
San Diego  CNN  -- Retired Justice Sandra Day O'Connor , the first woman to sit on the U.S. Supreme Court after 191 years , is crusading to reverse what she says is an alarming decline in America 's knowledge of democracy and announced an initiative Wednesday to educate children across the country . Asserting that democracy is not inherited at birth but rather learned in school , O'Connor founded the educational nonprofit group iCivics in 2009 to secure America 's governance and prepare the next generation of citizens and leaders . On Wednesday , O'Connor announced an expansion of that program to include the Boys & Girls Club of America , which has almost 4,000 clubs serving 4.1 million youngsters . "  Many states around the country are no longer teaching or requiring civics education for young people , " said O'Connor , 82 . "  When I went to school -- and that was a long time ago , and I went to school in El Paso , Texas -- we had civics almost every year , and in fact , I almost got tired of it . "  But the fact of the matter is that every young person needs to learn how our government works at the national level , at the state level , at the local level and how they can be part of it , " O'Connor said . O'Connor said her website , iCivics.org , was partnering with the Boys & Girls Clubs because of its vast network serving youths . "  It 's a very big organization , and I want them to know and use -- and they want to know and to use -- iCivics because it 's a great activity for young people , " O'Connor added . O'Connor cited an Annenberg Public Policy Center national survey showing that only one-third of Americans could name all three branches of the U.S. government . "  I ca n't believe it , " O'Connor said in in a speech at the Boys & Girls Clubs of America 's national conference in San Diego on Wednesday . Then she added : "  Two-thirds of Americans can name a judge on ` American Idol , ' and only 15 % can name the chief justice of the United States , " who is John Roberts . "  Civic knowledge ca n't be handed down the gene pool . It has to be learned , " O'Connor told the gathering of 2,400 conference attendees . O'Connor said the American awareness of civics is "  on the decline . " "  It 's putting our country at some risk , " O'Connor said . iCivics offers free curricula and video games in public , private and charter schools in all 50 states and has counted more than 5 million game plays on its website , spokeswoman Kelly Landis said . The 16 video games are designed to teach students about civics , even asking them to play the role of president . O'Connor was a President Reagan appointee to the Supreme Court in 1981 , and she retired from the nation 's highest court in 2006 .	NEW : "  It 's putting our country at some risk , " O'Connor says of declining civics knowledge Retired Justice Sandra Day O'Connor founded iCivics in 2009 She announced a partnership with the Boys & Girls Club on Wednesday Retired since 2006 , she was the first woman on the U.S. Supreme Court
The Austin , Texas , police chief said he was trying to put a jaywalking arrest "  in context " when he said police in other towns "  are actually committing sexual assaults on duty . " Now he 's apologized for his choice of words . The controversy started Thursday when someone posted a video that showed jogger Amanda Jo Stephen , 24 , in handcuffs and sitting on the sidewalk near the University of Texas campus . Moments later she 's shown yelling and cursing at Austin police officers as they load her into a police car . When asked about the video Friday , Police Chief Art Acevedo said , "  Cops are actually committing sexual assaults on duty so I thank God that this is what passes for a controversy in Austin , Texas . ... And I 'm glad that I 'm here having to address mediocrity . " A day later , he was forced to backtrack . "  During the press conference I attempted to place the arrest into context by bringing attention to the fact that law enforcement deals with many acts of serious misconduct , " he said in a statement Saturday . "  This includes recent instances in the news of sexual assault by police officers in other cities . In hindsight I believe the comparison was a poor analogy , and for this I apologize . " The arrest occurred as Austin police are trying to cut down on jaywalking . CNN affiliate KXAN reported that seven people were arrested Thursday near 24th and San Antonio streets , where Stephen was arrested . Acevedo said the woman was arrested for not giving police her name when asked , KXAN reported . Acevedo noted on Saturday that Austin police had been through an emotional week . On Friday , a man was convicted of killing Austin police officer Jaime Padron in 2012 .	A video showing Austin police arresting a jaywalker was posted Chief said he was trying to put the arrest "  in context " Chief said in other towns , "  cops are actually committing sexual assaults on duty " He apologized for "  a poor analogy "
CNN  -- Buffalo , New York , is no stranger to cold weather , but Tuesday 's lake-effect storm and its upwards of 6 feet of snow was staggering for the city . "  This storm is basically a knife that went right through the heart of Erie County , " said Erie County Executive Mark Poloncarz . "  I ca n't remember and I do n't think anyone else can remember this much snow falling in this short a period . " At least four people were killed in the storm . One of the storm-related deaths was a vehicle accident , said Peter Anderson , a spokesman for the county executive . Three others were cardiac arrests as a result of shoveling , said Peter Anderson , a spokesman for the county executive . Some places have already seen more than 60 inches of snow . And there 's more coming -- possibly more than 90 inches in some areas after another round of wintry weather hits at the end of the week . The equivalent of a year 's worth of snow is going to pound some areas over a three-day period , Poloncarz said . "  This is a very , very serious situation . This is a very serious storm ... It 's probably heavier than anything that we have seen in over 40 years , so it 's going to take some time to dig out , " Buffalo Mayor Byron Brown told reporters . While some parts of the city saw only a dusting of snow , South Buffalo was particularly hard hit . Authorities issued a ban blocking unnecessary travel there while crews try to clear the roads . The snow left people stranded in cars , turned roadways into parking lots and forced some emergency responders to rely on snowmobiles provided by volunteers . It blanketed the area at a rate of 3 to 5 inches an hour . About 20 people were seeking shelter inside a fire station and 20 people were inside a police station Tuesday night , authorities said . A baby girl was delivered at the fire station Tuesday when an ambulance was unable to take her mother to the hospital , Buffalo Fire Commissioner Garnell Whitfield said . "  She was born , she 's safe and she 's healthy , " Whitfield said . Others stranded in the snow faced devastating consequences . An 81-year-old man who went into cardiac arrest in the Buffalo suburb of Cheektowaga died after emergency personnel were unable to get him to a hospital , CNN affiliate WKBW reported . Firefighters reached the man about 8:30 a.m. Tuesday , the station reported . An ambulance could n't reach the home , and a front loader that attempted to reach his home was stranded in the snow . The firefighters stayed with the man for four hours until a military truck could tow a vehicle carrying the man to the fire hall but he died , according to WKBW . Buffalo was not alone . Every state in the Union had a place somewhere within its borders registering temperatures below freezing Tuesday morning . That included Hawaii , where the temperature at Mauna Kea on the Big Island dropped to 31 degrees . In Florida , it was in the upper 20s in the Panhandle and freeze warnings were in effect . And it 's not over : Another surge of cold air is likely by Wednesday to Thursday in the Midwest and Northeast . The Southeast could see record lows Wednesday morning as temperatures drop into the teens and 20s . The cause of this mayhem : Arctic air pouring over the relatively warm Great Lakes waters is producing extreme lake-effect snows . CNN meteorologist Chad Myers calls it thunder snow . "  The steam from the lake ...  is  still much warmer than the air , " he said . "  The air is in the teens and the water in the 40s . That steam comes up and wants to rise . That rise ... creates a thunder storm but it 's so cold it does n't rain . It just snows . " Tuesday was the coldest November morning since 1976 , according to meteorologist Ryan Maue of WeatherBELL Analytics . The average overnight low for the Lower 48 states was 19.4 degrees , Maue said . This is highly unusual for this time of year and is much more reminiscent of a pattern forecasters would expect to see in January or February , not November . Snow totals could approach 70 inches south of Buffalo -- almost 6 feet of snow . Lancaster , New York , has already received over 40 inches of snow , and it continues to snow at 4 to 5 inches per hour . Some areas in Erie County , Pennsylvania , have already seen 3 feet of snow . Thunder and lightning have been reported . Poloncarz Tuesday issued a state of emergency for the county , including a travel ban for all areas of the city of Buffalo south of Genesee Street , and 19 for municipalities . Only emergency vehicles are allowed to travel . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo deployed the National Guard to help bring in motorized equipment that can be used for snow-clearing , and tow trucks . Some roadways already had turned into parking lots of abandoned vehicles and stranded motorists , WKBW reported . Many communities had 3 to 4 feet of snow dropped on them during the 15-hour storm , with emergency vehicles and plows stuck in the snow , the station reported . A bus carrying 24 members of the Niagara University Women 's Basketball team returning home from a game in Pittsburgh was stuck on a highway because of the snow . In an interview via Skype with CNN 's Don Lemon Tuesday night , team members said they 'd been stranded for 24 hours . "  The roads were n't plowed . It got really bad really fast . I 'm assuming that somebody in the front of the line got stuck and everybody else had to stop , and that 's how we got where we are , " head coach Kendra Faustin said . For hours , she said , the snow was coming down so hard that they could n't see anything surrounding the bus . Now , Faustin estimates there are more than 100 cars trapped on the highway behind them . They 're running short on food and water and still waiting for rescuers , she said . "  It seems to be getting better , is what we 're hoping , " she said , "  but more importantly we 're just hoping to get on the move . " Team members described their predicament throughout the day on Twitter . One post from the team 's assistant coach showed police approaching the stranded bus on a snowmobile . To make matters worse , this is only the first band of heavy snow in the Buffalo region . More snow is expected on Wednesday , and then the lake-effect snow bands set up again for Wednesday night into Thursday with very heavy snow likely again . This could rank high in the history of lake-effect snow events . Over half the country -- 50.2 % -- had snow on the ground Tuesday morning , according to the National Weather Service . Cuomo also announced that the Metropolitan Transportation Authority , which operates the nation 's largest public transit system , has activated NYC Transit 's 2014-2015 winter operations plan in anticipation of the snow season . The plan includes new snow-fighting equipment for the department 's buses , new improved cold-weather and communications equipment , and increased planning and collaboration with the Department of Sanitation , Cuomo said in a statement . CNN 's Daniel Verello , Kevin Dotson , Chuck Johnston , Martin Savidge and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Stranded basketball team 's coach : "  It got really bad really fast " There have been at least four storm-related deaths , officials say A baby girl was born at a fire station when paramedics could n't reach the hospital Buffalo mayor : Snow is "  probably heavier than anything " in more than 40 years
CNN  -- A suicide bomber who carried out an attack in Somalia this weekend was an American citizen of Somali descent , a website associated with the Al-Shabaab Islamist movement claimed Sunday . The website named the bombers as Aden al-Ansari and Cabdi Salaam al-Muhajir , and posted what it said was an audio interview with al-Muhajir speaking American-accented English . The speaker urges his "  brothers and sisters " to "  do jihad " in America , Canada , England , "  anywhere in Europe , in Asia , in Africa , in China , in Australia , anywhere you find kuffar , " a derogatory term for non-Muslims . The African Union force trying to establish order in Somalia said there had been an attack Saturday involving two suicide bombers in the capital Mogadishu , but said AU troops "  beat off " the attack by "  al-Qaeda linked terrorists . " Al-Shabaab is associated with al Qaeda and is considered a terrorist organization by the United States . The African Union military spokesman in the country did not immediately respond to a CNN question about the identity of the bombers or whether any AU troops were injured . Omar Jamal , a Somali diplomat at the United Nations , identified the person who made the audio recordings as Abdisalam Ali of Minneapolis . He told CNN that friends of Ali had listened to the messages in English and Somali and were "  convinced it is him . " The discrepancy in names may mean that the name released by Al-Shabaab is a nom de guerre . Jamal said Abdisalam left Minneapolis on November 4 , 2008 , with another man , Burhan Hassan , who has since been killed . Kyle Loven , an FBI spokesman in Minneapolis , told CNN , "  We 're aware of the reporting but not able to confirm any IDs at this time . " In the Somali-language interview that Al-Shabaab released , the speaker says he has been fighting with the group for two years and killed "  many infidels " with his own hands . Jamal said this weekend 's bombing was the third time a Minnesota Somali-American had carried out a suicide bombing in Somalia . The previous two were Shirwa Ahmed , 27 , who was the first confirmed American suicide bomber in U.S. history , and Farah Mohamed Beledi , also 27 . Ahmed killed himself and 29 others in the fall of 2008 . The FBI identified Beledi as one of two suicide bombers responsible for killing two African Union soldiers in Somalia in May . In recent years , approximately 20 young men -- most of them Somali-Americans -- have traveled from the Minneapolis area to Somalia to train with Al-Shabaab , and a number of them have gone on to fight with the terrorist organization , U.S. officials said . And this month , a federal jury found two Minnesota women guilty of raising money for Al-Shabaab . According to the federal indictment , Amina Farah Ali , 35 , and Hawo Mohamed Hassan , 64 , of Rochester , Minnesota , solicited funds in ways that included going door-to-door "  under the false pretense that the funds were for the poor and needy . " The two were charged with one count of conspiracy to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization . Ali was also found guilty of 12 other counts including sending more than $ 8,000 in 2008 and 2009 . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	A website associated with Al-Shabaab posts an audio interview with the alleged bomber The American-accented speaker urges his brothers and sisters to "  do jihad " He would be at least the third Minnesota Somali-American to blow himself up in Somalia In the Somali-language version , he boasts of having killed many infidels
London  CNN  I found myself talking back to the radio this morning in a way that I 've never quite done before . The station was LBC , one of the UK 's leading radio stations , and the topic in question was British actor Benedict Cumberbatch 's use of the term "  colored " during his appearance on the "  Tavis Smiley Show " on PBS in the United States . The uproar that has ensued has left me slightly perplexed . Cumberbatch was discussing with Smiley the inequality of roles for black actors in the UK and the frustrating lack of opportunities for them -- a subject that is close to my heart . In doing so , he mistakenly used an outmoded term to describe his fellow colleagues in their struggle . I am , and have been , offended by the term when it has been used towards me , and I do n't ever want to be described by this word -- one that is rooted in an abhorrent period of history in many countries , and has connotations that were intended to offend . It of course later became the politically correct term du jour , before finally being absented from common parlance , for good . But wait ! My yelling at the radio this morning comes from a place where I find myself wondering . Why are we choosing to lose the nuances here ? Are we more comfortable with obscuring the bigger picture behind an admittedly mistaken use of a word , than we are with receiving the actual message that the sender was trying to offer -- a very necessary message about injustice and inequality from someone who cared enough to voice it ? Is n't there a space to explore intent in a person 's actions , even when it comes to use of language that can offend ? Can our racial debates simply be reduced so easily to black and white , good or bad ? My slight connection with Cumberbatch is that we were once Facebook friends . We are loosely connected through industry friends and some of them are of color . So for my part , I see an actor who was on Smiley 's important show who was trying to stand in unity with his fellow actors , about an issue that has mostly been highlighted by those of color within the entertainment industry . I am one of those industry members . I have never understood issues of any kind of prejudice and inequality to be anything other than a problem for all of society . The idea that we can relegate certain groups to the margins , stifling any potential they may bring to the mainstream , seems a foolish lack of foresight in understanding that such prejudice harms society as a whole -- not only those relegated . And , in my opinion , to change endemic injustices requires a holistic approach -- one that calls on all areas of society to come together to demand change . So when an actor like Cumberbatch takes on questions of inequality and is not simply pulled up and corrected , but has his whole background and character denigrated for using a word of outdated terminology , in spite of the greater message in his words , are we not responding with the very same prejudice that we have used to label him ? Are we not also terrifying others who may wish to speak out on the same issues ? Wo n't they keep quiet for fear they may make a mistake under the pressure of an interview and the importance of the subject and find their message lost ? I myself have struggled in interviews to ensure my message is not lost in the split-second use of an incorrect word . The word has too much meaning and history for me as a black woman , but it is possible for others who are nervous and under the pressure of concerns to "  get it right " to become confused and use the term "  colored " in place of "  people of color " when wishing to embrace black and other non-white ethnic groups . It 's not correct , but it 's possible to make the mistake , with the best intentions of trying to encompass all persuasions who encounter racism but in the end , I feel we all lose out if we dwell on the naïve use of a word  and subsequent apology  and become deaf to a message . We make mistakes . But is n't it time we started to have more nuanced discussions on race -- where heart and intent are taken into account , allowing us to concentrate on the very real battles we face to eliminate the existence of racism from all elements of our world ?	Benedict Cumberbatch apologized for calling black actors "  colored " on U.S. TV Amma Asante : I am , and have been , offended by the term when it has been used towards me But are we not responding with the same prejudice that we have used to label him , she asks
Washington  CNN  -- Rep. Henry Cuellar has lost patience with President Barack Obama over his response to the surge of minors from Central America crossing the southern border . The Texas lawmaker has criticized the administration 's handling of what it has called a "  humanitarian crisis , " and is urging a reluctant Obama to visit affected areas . He 's also unwilling to write Obama a blank check for his $ 3.7 billion proposal to Congress for addressing the matter . "  We just ca n't just trust the President and say we are going to give you exactly every penny you want , " he told CNN in an interview . He also says he hopes Obama 's decision to skip a border visit does n't become his "  Katrina moment , " a reference to how the heavily criticized federal response to the devastating hurricane and its aftermath was a defining moment in George W. Bush 's presidency . Cuellar 's sentiment is right in line with Republican critics giving Obama heat over the unexpected influx of minors from Central America , many of them unaccompanied , and now mired in bureaucratic limbo and caught in the middle of a partisan political firefight . But Cuellar 's a Democrat who is going after a President of the same party in a high-stakes election year during which immigration has gained prominence as a campaign issue . He told Fox News on Wednesday that he 's gotten calls and visits from White House officials but is not giving much thought to that . What 's going on ? "  I 'm more concerned about my constituents , " Cuellar said , noting the perils facing the tens of thousands of kids coming across the border in record numbers and overwhelming border and immigration services . While the current crisis is taking place in Cuellar 's back yard in conservative-led Texas , his crossing of Obama and Democrats is not new for him . He was endorsed by the Conservative Club for Growth during his 2006 primary and backed George W. Bush in the 2000 election that propelled him to the White House . His bruising 2004 primary battle for the House seat then held by Rep. Ciro Rodriguez , who at the time headed the Congressional Hispanic Caucus , won him few friends in the caucus , comprised of Democrats . Cuellar endorsed Hillary Clinton over Obama for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination and even raised money for her campaign . He also was one of 27 Democrats who voted against Wall Street reform legislation backed strongly by Obama early in his presidency . And in 2001 , Republican Gov. Rick Perry 's appointed Cuellar as Texas secretary of state , a post he held for 10 months . Democrats were unhappy about Cuellar 's 2012 support of a redistricting proposal backed by the Perry administration . Critics said he supported the proposal in an effort to ensure a favorable district for himself , a charge he denied . Some Democrats also question Cuellar 's latest move : a plan to introduce bipartisan legislation on Thursday with Texas Republican Sen. John Cornyn to address the southern border situation . That measure favored by GOP members would reverse a Bush-era law that allows illegal immigrant children from Central American countries to stay in the United States as their cases wend through the backlogged adjudication process . Rep. Luis Gutierrez , a staunch immigration reform advocate , said on CNN 's "  Crossfire " on Wednesday "  I would n't not support the legislation . " After Obama 's Texas trip , what now for the immigration crisis ? Boehner on immigration : When will Obama take responsibility ? Obama seeks emergency immigration funds , more authority CNN 's Deidre Walsh contributed to this report .	Texas Democrat Henry Cuellar has stridently criticized Obama 's handling of the border crisis Cuellar is seen as a moderate Democrat who diverged from his party on some issues The son of migrant farm workers , Cuellar 's district borders the Rio Grande Valley He 's offering bipartisan legislation aimed at speeding up the deportation process
London  CNN  -- "  We are One Woman , you cry and I hear you . We are One Woman , you sing , I sing along . " These are the words from the song track "  One Woman , " a song that UN Women have launched to celebrate women worldwide on International Women 's Day . Twenty five artists from 20 countries took part in the production , which was inspired by UN Women 's own projects worldwide . The song was performed by artists who donated their time to create a message of hope and celebration . UN Women 's aim is to engage listeners , and encourage them to join in the cause of women 's empowerment and gender equality . Beth Blatt , founder of Hope Sings , wrote the lyrics . The aim , she said , was to signify the inter-relatedness of the world . "  We are all connected . Every woman 's victory is a victory for us all , " Blatt said . Full coverage : Leading women UN Women 's work in training female police officers , and men marching for women 's rights , are some of the stories that Beth thought of while penning the lyrics . She then identified singers from China to Mexico to be part of the global project . Yuna Zarai , a pop singer-songwriter from Malaysia , was one of the performers . She said that the song is based on real women and the problems they face in everyday life . "  I have a large fan base back home . And this is an amazing way to teach all the girls out there , especially the girls in Malaysia , " said Zarai . "  I feel like there is so much potential in them to be successful , and it 's a good message to all the younger generations to just sort of believe in themselves and also take care of one another . " Zarai said the world does not understand the country 's underlying violence against women . "  I feel like there should be more awareness and it should start from an early age . I feel like in school there should be an education about women and violence , ' she said . Costa Rican singer Debbie Nova echoed Yuna 's reasons for participating in the song . Nova said artists have a responsibility to use their voices and instruments to communicate powerful and positive messages . "  I think women in Costa Rica and Latin America in general are still very oppressed , The figure of a man is still very prominent as the traditional calling-the-shots figure in the family unit , " she said . Proceeds from "  One Woman " sales will support programs organized by UN Women .	The song "  One Woman " has been released to celebrate women worldwide on International Women 's Day Twenty five artists from 20 countries took part in the production Songwriter Beth Blatt penned the lyrics to signify the inter-relatedness of the world
CNN  -- For a man whose previous nickname was "  the Bulldozer , " balance might not be thought of as one of South Korean president Lee Myung-bak 's strong points . Promises of pragmatism and a more balanced society from the new president . However , speaking to CNN for Talk Asia just a few weeks after his inauguration as president , restoring some equilibrium to South Korean society is one of the key aims of his presidency . "  My country has undergone rapid industrialization and development , as well as democratization , " he told Anjali Rao . "  And throughout this process , I believe some sort of balance has been lost . The gap between the haves and the have-nots has widened lately , which I believe must be rectified . " It 's not an unfamiliar sentiment for a politician to express , but Lee 's journey from childhood poverty to the pinnacle of political life perhaps makes him more qualified than many politicians to relate to his electorate . For many of his supporters his life reflects the recent history of South Korea itself . Lee Myung-bak was born in Osaka , Japan in 1941 during the Japanese occupation of the Korean peninsular and returned to Korea with his parents at the end of the Second World War . Without any money to pay for his education , he paid his own way through university in Seoul , at one point taking a job as a garbage collector , working during the day , while studying at night . As a student he led protests against the authoritarian government , receiving a caution from police in 1962 . After graduating he took a job with Hyundai . His hard work and ambition saw that he became its CEO after just 12 years , at the age of 36 . It was as a dynamic young CEO , part of the new generation that was rapidly building South Korea 's industry and economy in the 1970 's and 80 's , he gained the nickname "  the Bulldozer " for his single-minded approach and tenacity to drive through difficult projects . His transition from CEO to politician came when he became mayor of Seoul in 2002 and undertook one of the city ' most ambitious and popular programs of urban renewal . He was elected on the promise of transforming the city , ripping out a traffic-clogged elevated highway that ran through its center and restoring the Cheonggyecheon stream that had been covered over . It 's completion in 2005 led to a blooming example of the growing emphasis on quality of life in a country that had sacrificed economic and industrial growth for all else . It also propelled him into the international spotlight , with TIME Magazine naming him one of its Heroes of the Environment in 2007 . He has not been without his detractors , however , and even after the election there were questions surrounding his ethics . While South Korea has been trying to shed its image of corporate corruption , just four days before his inauguration as president he was cleared of accusations of stock manipulation . "  During this rapid period , yes indeed , there were a lot of side effects . And one of them was corruption and that transparency was not prevalent in our society , " he told CNN . "  Now that I am president , such a culture in the political culture , as well as the corporate culture , must change . "	South Korea 's new president Lee Myung-bak plans for a pragmatic presidency His rags-to-riches story reflects recent history of South Korea Named one of TIME Magazine 's green heroes in 2007
CNN  The Federal Communications Commission got it right on "  net neutrality . " So did President Obama , who took a bold stand in favor of keeping the Internet free . So did leaders such as Reps. John Lewis , Keith Ellison and Maxine Waters , and the Rev. William Barber II , one of the architects of "  Moral Mondays " protests and a member of the national board of the NAACP . So did the United Church of Christ , as well as more than 100 social justice and civil rights groups . And so did countless progressive , people-powered groups , such as Color of Change , an online community  which I helped to found  dedicated to bringing about positive change for African-Americans . Ditto for tiny , grassroots dynamos like Oakland 's Center for Media Justice , led by Malkia Cyril . You know who got it dead , dead wrong ? As much as it pains me to say it : Far too many of our old-school civil rights organizations . Since the first days of the Internet , one principle has been in place . Put simply , it is that "  owning the pipes " does not give you license to mess with what flows through them . Internet service providers  ISPs  can charge a fee to provide Internet access . But they can not block or censor content they do not like , or charge for a fast lane , or relegate companies that do not pay up to slow Internet speeds that could frustrate customers . All the FCC did this week was keep that principle in place . They made sure the Internet will work the same way the phones do -- a call to the small business down the street does not sound worse or cost more than one to a big chain store . ISPs like Verizon and Comcast stood to make a killing from blocking this change . But what is shocking is that some trusted civil rights organizations -- including the National Urban League , NAACP , and Rainbow Push -- actively helped the ISPs make their case . Worst of all , it was a completely avoidable error . They should have known that the argument that large ISPs would expand access to under-served communities if they enjoyed higher profit margins was out of line with history and common sense . It was essentially "  trickle-down dial-up , " and you would not expect civil rights leadership to fall for it . They should have been paying attention when the ISPs told investors that a decision in favor of net neutrality would not cause these companies to rethink their broadband investments , while telling the FCC the exact opposite . In most black households -- in most households of any color -- that is called lying . And most importantly , they should have realized that African-Americans need Internet freedom to preserve our political voices , and foster a generation of young , black entrepreneurs taking on entrenched businesses . As a co-founder of #YesWeCode , an initiative to help train 100,000 young people from low-opportunity communities for careers in coding , I have met amazing young people who have the smarts and the creativity . On a level playing field , they can compete with anyone . But if they must pay extortionist fees while the websites of competitors run much faster ? If that happens , we all suffer . Silicon Valley understood this . Black leaders and Fortune 500 companies and churches and Color of Change understood this . But the civil rights groups that persisted in citing telecom talking points ? I love them , but they have a little bit of egg on their face today . The one hope is that it is not too late . Republicans and ISPs have given no indication that they will stop fighting or cease seeking to relitigate this battle . They will undoubtedly be eager to use civil rights groups as cover . In other words , some of the legacy civil rights groups got it wrong . But it is not too late for them to get on the right side of history .	Traditional civil rights groups like NAACP backed ISPs in opposing net neutrality Van Jones : The groups blew it , net neutrality is good for communities of color
CNN  -- Former world number one Tiger Woods scored the winning point in the Presidents Cup for the second competition in a row to help the United States retain their trophy against an International team in Melbourne on Sunday . Woods claimed a comfortable four and three success over Australian Aaron Baddeley in their singles match to send the United States past the required 17 1/2 points total needed for victory . Despite enduring a frustrating competition prior to the final day , Woods was able to rediscover some form to replicate the winning point he achieved in San Francisco in 2009 . Golfing presidents : Putting for politics The American side held a healthy four-point lead going into the 12 singles matches , and those were eventually split 6-6 to ensure a 19-15 win for the visiting side -- their seventh success in nine Presidents Cup events so far . Woods told reporters : "  We did n't get off to a good start early on . We needed to get our point so we went out there and played really well -- putting a lot of heat on Badds  Baddeley  . " The success completed a dominant American display over the four days , as they won both foursomes , split a fourball and narrowly lost the second fourballs sessions . On Sunday , Woods ' victory was complimented by wins for Hunter Mahan , Nick Watney , Jim Furyk , David Toms and Steve Stricker -- with Furyk the only player to finish unbeaten in his five matches . In response to critics who believe the Americans fail to bond together in golfing team events , Furyk told the official PGA Tour website : "  This stuff about how we are n't close and how we ca n't come together as a group , it 's just not accurate . "  We will win some of these events like the Presidents Cup and the Ryder Cup , and we 'll lose some . But whatever we do , we 'll always do it as a team . " He continued : "  Since I 've started playing in these , I 've always loved them . But so do all the guys . They all care . Look at Tiger and Phil  Mickelson  in his room . Do they look like they do n't care about what we just accomplished ? "	United States retain the Presidents Cup after beating Internationals 19-15 in Melbourne Tiger Woods defeated Aaron Baddeley to score the winning point for the United States Woods had also provided the winning when the United States won the team event in 2009
CNN  -- In an entertainment environment where sequels often do better than the original , it could be considered risky for a gaming company to do something different . However , one team thinks it 's the perfect environment to showcase new ideas and stories , not more of the same . "  Dishonored "  Arkane Studios , Bethesda Softworks  is a brand new title set in a steampunk-like world that puts players in the role of an assassin set on restoring his name . Co-creator Harvey Smith said he and co-creator Raphael Colantonio did n't set out solely to make something unique , but that the game evolved from a core set of values they knew they wanted the game to have . "  It 's a weird blend of a first-person shooter , but has the  role-playing game  depth in story and narrative , " Smith said . "  People would say , ` Are n't you afraid of  competing with  the sequels ? ' But other people would say , ` Thank goodness it is n't a sequel . ' " Smith said the team just started spitballing ideas about games they would like to play without worrying about sales or marketing . In what he calls an organic process , Smith and Colantonio took their experiences from previous games they worked on and decided to focus on an environment based around historical London in the 1800s during the Victorian era . With the help of their visual design and art team , the look of the game changed into something of a "  retro-futuristic " design , and with it , a change in what they wanted to do with the gameplay itself . It was during this phase Smith and Colantonio began fleshing out the details and narrative of "  Dishonored . " The idea of having two distinct ways to play , and succeed , in the game became the focus . But with that came problems , because it 's a unique approach . Smith said many of the early problems with designing the game came because they were developing a new and different world . "  There 's a different religion . There 's a different calendar . There are different animals . There are different continental maps , " he said . "  I get why people want to work with a particular  established  brand because it solves a lot of problems going forward . "  But  from a creative standpoint , it is super refreshing to work on something new and let it take you where your passions take you -- to not be beholden to some past thing you 've done . " The process of creating something new is time consuming since there is no background material to help get a jump on designs . Even when early artwork started getting a steampunk look to it , Smith wanted to stay true to being original -- "  No clichÃ © d steampunk . " Instead , he prodded the artists to think about a version of the alternate-history style that might exist on a completely different world . One idea led to another , Smith said . But even with the game 's aesthetic fixed , there was still gameplay style to create from scratch . They settled on two possible approaches : combat or stealth . "  There were moments when we would look at the combat and it would n't be working just right , " he said . "  I ca n't tell you how many versions of the stealth model we went through . But the range is very deliberate ; it is one of our core values to let players play improvisationally . " Smith said giving players the opportunity to write their own story and create their own experience with such a wide range of possibilities was important . Pete Hines , vice president of PR and marketing at Bethesda Softworks , said "  Dishonored " is a blank slate where players get to define the game instead of having a narrative forced upon them . "  You play the game you want to play , " Hines said . "  It is really up to you based on your choices . What would it be like to be a supernatural badass assassin ? " Hines said with new environments and game mechanics , players get challenged . Because the world is n't as familiar as it may be in a game that has had sequel after sequel , they can play again and experience something fresh and new each time . He compares the game , in a way , to the "  Choose Your Own Adventure " books . "  Our tag line is ` Revenge Solves Everything ' , " he said . "  But that does n't mean killing solves everything . They 've put in place consequences to the choices you can make . " Smith said how players go about completing the main narrative -- reclaiming your name and honor after being falsely accused of killing the empress -- will have an impact on what happens in the end . He said the emergent narrative , where things spontaneously occur due to what players do in the game , becomes something unique that gamers will take away from their experience . With games like "  Fallout , " "  BioShock , " and "  XCOM : Enemy Unknown , " Smith thinks gamers are evolving . They want games with depth , he said , without sacrificing sheer entertainment value . "  Players have gotten fluent and thirsty for more interactivity , " Smith said . " ` Dishonored ' is an interesting game . It is a game that does n't play itself . Twenty years ago , that may have been a challenge . I think increasingly you are going to see more players want that sort of thing . " "  Dishonored " will be released Tuesday , October 9 , in North America , October 11 in Australia and Japan , and October 12 in Europe . It is available on PC , Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 .	Bucking sequel trend , "  Dishonored " takes a new approach Game creators riffed on games they 'd like to play , started with clean slate Game is a sort of combination : a first-person shooter with role-playing game depth "  Dishonored " hits stores on Tuesday
CNN  -- It 's understandable to feel stress when your livelihood is on the line , but Charlie Beljan is suffering more than most . "  He kept saying he thought he was going to die , " the golfer 's caddy Rick Adcox said after Friday 's second round of the PGA Tour 's final tournament of 2012 , held at Disney World in Florida . "  A couple times I thought he might pass out . He just said , ` I 'm gon na keep going until I pass out or they take me off . ' " Beljan is fighting to keep his full tour card after a difficult first season on the circuit -- the top 125 players qualify for next season , and he is in 139th place . The stress is taking its toll on the 28-year-old . He was taken to hospital straight after his round , having suffered increased heart rate , high blood pressure and numbness in his arms . Follow Beljan 's progress with latest scores from PGA Tour Incredibly , despite all this he was leading the tournament , which is known as the Children 's Miracle Network Hospitals Classic . "  I do n't know how he hit the golf ball feeling the way he was feeling , " Adcox said on the PGA Tour 's official website . "  I thought he was going to stop when he heard what his blood pressure was . " Adcox said his boss had been hospitalized last month after fainting on a plane flight , but doctors had not found the cause . Beljan , who became a first-time father less than two months ago , carded an incredible round of eight-under-par 64 to build a three-shot lead in the $ 4.7 million event . The first prize is $ 846,000 -- and Beljan is determined to play on so he can add to his total of $ 527,528 from 21 tournaments this year . "  Tour official says Charlie Beljan will play today @ Disney after being taken to the hospital on Friday , " Golf Channel journalist Rex Hoggard wrote on Twitter before Saturday 's third round . Beljan told the broadcaster on Friday he hoped it was just a panic attack . PGA Tour reporter Brian Wacker confirmed the news . "  Doc recommended he not play but found nothing wrong physically . Appears to be anxiety related . Beljan is playing , " Wacker wrote on Twitter . And he played well , carding 71 to take a two-shot lead into Sunday 's final round . At this stage he is projected to finish 63rd on the money list . "  I honestly did n't think I was going to get through it , " Beljan said . "  I just stayed strong . " Beljan had no idea that he was leading the tournament during Friday 's round . "  It 's nice to be able to walk around and smile , " he said . "  Yesterday , I was hanging on for my life . "	U.S. golfer Charlie Beljan taken to hospital after almost passing out on the course Despite suffering elevated blood pressure , Beljan was leading the tournament He is battling to keep his PGA Tour rights after a difficult first season Arizona native plays in Saturday 's third round against medical advice , retains lead
Security forces in Libya are searching for heavily armed men who seized a truck carrying more than $ 50 million in cash in the city of Sirte , the state news agency LANA reported Tuesday . The group of 10 men intercepted the truck , which was carrying 53 million Libyan dinars  about $ 43 million  and another 12 million dinars  around $ 10 million  in euros and U.S. dollars Monday evening . The money shipment from the Central Bank of Libya was flown in from Tripoli and was on its way to the bank 's Sirte branch when the truck was intercepted at an intersection near the airport by the group , which carried small and medium-size weapons . Bank officials told LANA the truck was escorted by only one security vehicle and the guards were not able to defend against the robbery . All commercial banks in the city were closed Tuesday in protest , LANA said . In July , masked gunmen made off with more than $ 400,000 from at least two banks in Sirte . The Libyan economy is primarily cash-only , and there has been concern about the rise in criminal activity across the country over the past year . In a statement Tuesday , the Sirte Local Council condemned the incident and called on residents to cooperate with security forces and provide any information they have that could help bring the perpetrators to justice . Sirte , about 400 kilometers  250 miles  southeast of Tripoli , is the birthplace of former Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi and was his hiding place before his capture and killing in 2011 . It was heavily damaged in the fighting in that year 's civil war . Many residents complain about a lack of jobs , say they are neglected by the central government in Tripoli and are still demanding compensation for their damaged homes and losses from the revolution . The country 's weak central government has been struggling to exert its authority over the hundreds of militias that operate freely two years after the fall of the Gadhafi regime . The deteriorating security situation and the growing power of militias were highlighted this month with Prime Minister Ali Zeidan 's brief kidnapping by a militia in the capital . Another militia released Zeidan a few hours later . Violence in Benghazi In the eastern city of Benghazi , which has been plagued by violence for more than a year , there has been a noticeable increase in bombings and shootings in recent weeks . At least two people were killed and five others wounded in a drive-by shooting that targeted a protest tent in central Benghazi on Monday evening , the state news agency said . The protest was by members of Gen. Abdel Fattah Younes ' tribe . Younes , who was Gadhafi 's interior minister until his defection in 2011 , became the top rebel commander and was killed by a rebel faction under mysterious circumstances later that year . Members of his tribe and other supporters are still demanding those responsible be brought to justice . Car bomb blasts buildings in Benghazi In another attack Tuesday morning , gunmen wounded a military officer in an assassination attempt outside his home in the al-Salmani district of Benghazi , LANA reported . The attack was the latest in an assassination campaign in the city that has primarily targeted security forces members , most of whom held positions in the former regime . Over the past 10 days , at least four senior security forces members , including the head of the country 's military police , have been assassinated in the city . In a report released by Human Rights Watch in August , the watchdog reported the deaths of more than 50 people in what it said was a "  broadening wave of political assassinations " focused mostly in the eastern cities of Derna and Benghazi . However , in its report , the rights group said the number of those killed "  is probably higher . " No group has claimed responsibility for the attacks , and there has been public outrage in the city over what activists and residents say is a lack of accountability . So far , no one has been brought to justice in the escalating violence that many residents blame on Islamist militant groups operating in eastern Libya . Police commander shot dead in Benghazi	Truck with Libyan dinars , U.S. dollars and euros was traveling to a bank in Sirte 10 men who had small and medium-size weapons intercepted it Monday evening Sirte Local Council condemns the incident , calls on residents to cooperate with security forces In Monday and Tuesday attacks , gunmen kill two , wound a military officer in Benghazi
EL DORADO HILLS , California  CNN  -- The attorney for Nancy Garrido , charged in the Jaycee Lee Dugard abduction case , expressed concern Wednesday that intense media coverage may prejudice his client 's ability to get a fair trial . Phillip Garrido and his wife in 1988 , shortly after his release from jail for rape . "  There have been some misstatements made in the media , and possibly very innocent misstatements like , you know , ` She 's charged with 29 counts , she was there , therefore she must be culpable , ' " Gilbert Maines told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Wednesday . "  That 's good speculation , but any good prosecutor will tell you that they ca n't prosecute and convict on speculation . "  The media can do that , but the prosecutor ca n't . " Watch Maines talk about Nancy Garrido 's case " Nancy and Phillip Garrido have been charged in connection with the kidnapping and rape of Dugard , 29 , who police say was abducted by the Garridos in 1991 at age 11 . Dugard grew up in a backyard compound of tents and outbuildings , and gave birth to two daughters , now 11 and 15 , fathered by Garrido during her captivity , police said . The Garridos were arrested last week and have pleaded not guilty . Philip Garrido is a registered sex offender . Maines said his client has been charged with "  about half " of the 29 counts against the couple . He said he has discussed "  what she says happened . " He would not elaborate , citing attorney-client privilege . But , he added , he is still "  trying to establish a line of communication " with his client . "  We are in the process of formulating any defense that we have , or that we may have , " he said . "  We are still in the process of investigating this entire thing . " Maines said he was not aware of the case before he was appointed by the court to represent Nancy Garrido . "  I 'm sure you understand that this is a horrendous thing for her , " Maines said . "  I mean I realize it 's horrendous for Jaycee and her parents and the children , but my concern right now is that my client get a fair trial . " He said that he is still working on getting his client to "  confide in me and talk to me so I can formulate any defense that is available . "	Nancy Garrido faces charges with her husband in abduction of Jaycee Lee Dugard Her attorney says media coverage has included "  misstatements ... speculation " Attorney Gilbert Maines says he 's working on getting Nancy Garrido to confide in him Maines says the case is "  horrendous " for Nancy Garrido as well as the victims
CNN  -- Argentina 's star-studded team went top of South America 's 2014 World Cup qualifying group as Lionel Messi inspired a 4-0 thrashing of Ecuador on Saturday . With his top Europe-based players to call on , coach Alejandro Sabella saw his side effectively end the match with three goals after only half an hour . Sergio Aguero , top scorer for English champions Manchester City last season , broke the deadlock in the 20th minute as he celebrated his 24th birthday in style . Strike partner Gonzalo Higuain , who helped Real Madrid to the Spanish title , doubled the lead nine minutes later . Barcelona 's three-time world player of the year Messi made it 3-0 two minutes later to continue his unbelievable scoring form , having netted 73 times for the Spanish club in the recently-completed 2011-12 campaign . Real Madrid winger Angel Di Maria wrapped up the scoring with 15 minutes to play as Argentina moved up to 10 points from five games , just ahead of Chile . Messi was key to the victory , which came ahead of next Saturday 's friendly against Brazil in the United States . The 2014 hosts lost 2-0 to Mexico in a friendly in Texas on Sunday . He combined with Di Maria to set up Aguero 's opener and then linking with Higuain for his own goal before also setting up the final effort . Chile moved onto nine points from five matches with a 2-0 win over bottom team Bolivia , who had Luis Gutierrez sent off in the second half . Midfielder Charles Aranguiz scored against the run of play just before halftime in La Paz , then Gutierrez saw red for a foul on Barcelona 's Alexis Sanchez before Juventus midfielder Arturo Vidal wrapped it up with seven minutes to play . Uruguay had earlier gone top on eight points from four games despite being held 1-1 at home by Venezuela , with striker Diego Forlan 's 39th-minute opener canceled out by Salomon Rondon 's late goal . In Asian qualifying , regional champions Japan started the final round with a 3-0 win over Oman in a Group B tie on Sunday . CSKA Moscow midfielder Keisuke Honda scored in the first half , while Japan-based Ryoichi Maeda doubled the lead after halftime and his blocked shot later allowed Stuttgart striker Shinji Okazaki to seal the victory . "  The importance of winning the first match , the players were very well aware of that and so the match went exactly as I had expected , " said Japan 's Italian coach Alberto Zaccheroni . "  Before the match some of the players were a little bit too nervous . " Jordan came from behind to draw 1-1 with Iraq in Sunday 's other Group B fixture in Amman . Ahmad Hayel equalized just before halftime after an early opener by Nashat Akram . Iran snatched a 1-0 win away to Uzbekistan in Group A as substitute Mohammad Reza Khalatbari scored on the counterattack in time added on with virtually the last kick of the game . "  We have won a very important match . We won the match because we have a great coach and players and we played well , " said Iran 's former Real Madrid and Portugal coach Carlos Queiroz . "  I knew Uzbekistan would go forward in the last minutes , that 's why we changed our tactics and tried to score from counterattacks . We did it and our changes brought us three points . " Qatar won 1-0 away to Lebanon in the other Groupm A fixture , with Uruguay-born striker Sebastian Soria taking advantage of a defensive mistake to score the only goal just after the hour mark . In African qualifying , Nigeria edged out Namibia 1-0 at Calabar thanks to an 80th-minute goal from Spain-based striker Ikechukwu Uche . Kenya drew 0-0 with Malawi in Sunday 's other Group F opening-round match . New Benin coach Manuel Amoros enjoyed a 1-0 win over Group H rivals Mali , who finished third at January 's Africa Cup of Nations . Togo drew 1-1 with Libya in Group I while Niger and Gabon battled to a stalemate in Group E.	Lionel Messi continues his incredible season as Argentina win World Cup qualifier The 4-0 win in Buenos Aires puts Argentina top of South American group for 2014 Chile in second place after 2-0 win against bottom nation Bolivia Japan win opening game of final round of Asian group qualifying matches
Jerusalem  CNN  -- An Israeli official Saturday dismissed as "  strange " Turkey 's actions , including its decision to expel Israel 's ambassador , offering seemingly unwavering remarks on the same day a top Turkish official threatened to soon bring Israel before the International Court of Justice . Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon told CNN affiliate Channel 2 that "  the entire fashion in which the Turks have acted is strange . " "  Israel must not subject its foreign policy to caprices of others , " he added . "  The lack of cooperation does not hurt us alone , it damages the Turks as well . " Meanwhile , Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu told state-run news outlet TRT on Saturday that his nation will soon bring its case against Israel to the International Court of Justice . "  The ICJ is binding , " Davutoglu said . "  So we say , if you think this way , let the ICJ decide . We will initiate the legal procedure next week . " The one-time close allies have been at odds since May 2010 , when Israeli troops boarded a ship headed to the Palestinian territory of Gaza -- around which Israel has a naval blockade . The Mavi Marmara had numerous Turks aboard and was part of a flotilla loaded with humanitarian aid . Nine people were killed in the subsequent confrontation , and several Israeli troops were injured . In the latest indication of escalating tension between the two nations , Turkish officials on Friday ordered Israel 's ambassador and other senior diplomats to leave their nation . Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said military agreements also have been suspended . But a senior Turkish official said that existing contracts must be honored "  no matter what " and "  we have n't touched upon intelligence sharing . " Besides the flotilla raid incident , Turkey has strongly opposed the Jewish state 's blockade of Gaza because , an official said , Palestinians have suffered from the action and other Israeli policies in the densely populated region . "  It is about time for the Israeli government to face the consequences of its illegitimate actions since it sees itself above international law and ignores human conscience and must pay a price , " Davutoglu said . "  This price will be , above all , the loss of Turkey 's friendship . " The ouster of Israeli diplomats from Turkey was cheered Saturday by Iran 's foreign ministry . In a statement , reported by the semiofficial Iranian Students ' News Agency , the ministry hailed the expulsion and called for more international constraints on Israel 's authority in the region , particularly as it pertains to Gaza . Ayalon , in his comments Saturday , accused Turkey of trying to "  rise to unreasonable highs " in its demands for an apology on the incident and changes in Israel 's policy . Also Friday , the United Nations released the so-called Palmer report about the May 2010 raid in which it criticized Israel 's actions in the incident , even as it defended the blockade of Gaza as a "  legitimate security measure . " Israel 's blockade of Gaza is designed to prevent weapons from being smuggled to the territory , which is controlled by the anti-Israeli group Hamas . Gaza-based militants have been firing rockets into southern Israel and Israel has responded with military might . Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad voiced "  deep concern " about the report 's conclusion on the blockade , according to a statement from his office reported by the Palestinian Authority 's official news agency WAFA . "  The fact that it considers the Israeli blockade on the Gaza Strip legal is appalling and encourages Israel to continue to violate the rights of our Palestinian people , " Fayyad said , urging the U.N. and others in the "  international community  to  take all necessary measures to end this unjust blockade . " Ayalon , in contrast , applauded the U.N. report and said it validated Israel 's actions -- including its refusal to apologize for the incident . "  The report proves there was no point in apologizing , " he said . "  It would have led us into a slippery slope in which every factor in the region would have demanded Israel for an apology . " Turkey and Israel have been negotiating for months in an attempt to improve their faltering relationship , but those efforts have failed . The release of the report was delayed while those negotiations continued . "  We 've waited and waited , " the senior Turkish official told CNN . "  There was almost an agreement that Netanyahu agreed upon ... They 're just wasting our time . " He was referring to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . "  This makes it official . Before it was de facto , there was nothing going on , but definitely there was contact , " said the official , who asked not to be named because of diplomatic protocol . Among other statements , Turkey signaled that it aimed to increase its presence in the region -- though Dan Halutz , a former chief of staff for the Israel Defense Forces , said one should n't presume the Turkish navy may now clash with their Israeli counterparts . Halutz added that savvy diplomacy may be needed to remedy the situation , saying both sides need to find a way "  to climb down " from the escalating heights . "  The word apology is very heavy , diplomats must find a way to find the right words to use , " he said . "  An apology is too late and would not be useful . " CNN 's Kevin Flower and Yesim Comert contributed to this report .	Turkey will bring a case against Israel to a global court this week , a minister says Turkey has expelled Israel 's ambassador in part due to a lack of apology over a 2010 raid Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon tells Channel 2 Israel "  did well not to apologize " A Palestinian leader criticizes a U.N. report approving Israel 's Gaza blockade
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- College football 's perennial armchair-quarterback argument over the need for a clear-cut national champion came to Capitol Hill Friday . College football teams play in the BCS for the national championship trophy . The House Subcommittee on Commerce , Trade , and Consumer Protection held a hearing to dissect the Bowl Championship Series , asking whether the model needs to be tweaked , overhauled or done away with altogether . Four witnesses testified at the morning hearing , including championship series coordinator John Swofford and Alamo Bowl President Derrick Fox ; both of whom defended the current system , though Fox conceded that "  no system is perfect and the Bowl Championship Series is not perfect . " Mountain West Conference Commissioner Craig Thompson and Boise State Athletic Director Gene Bleymaier testified that they would like to see the system revamped . Many critics say they want college football to have a playoff system to ensure that a champion is clearly defined . Rep. Joe Barton , R-Texas , called the Bowl Championship Series format unfair and perhaps took it one step further . "  You should either change your name to BES for Bowl Exhibition System or just drop the C and call it the BS system , because it is not about determining the championship on the field . " Both sides were cordial but opinionated . Fox said he would prefer Washington not get involved . "  Those who do n't like the current system will say that 's the way of the world , but we do n't believe that government should have any role in promoting a demise of the bowl games . " Currently , 11 college conferences and three independents compete in the NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision -- formerly Division I-A . Six of those 11 conferences are guaranteed spots in the four Bowl Championship Series games . Schools from conferences that critics say are unfairly deemed as low profile are then left to fight their way into those prestige games . They share in significantly less of the series money and have less of an opportunity to challenge for the national title . President Obama is one of the proponents of a college football playoff . In an interview with ESPN in November , Obama said he 's had just about enough of the Bowl Championship Series . "  I 'm fed up with these computer rankings and this , that and the other . Get eight teams -- the top eight teams right at the end . You got a playoff . Decide on a national champion , " Obama said . Before heading out early to catch a flight , Barton made it clear that he expects to see college football change its ways or risk having lawmakers introduce legislation to impose change for them . "  I think there is better than a 50 percent chance that if we do n't see some action in the next two months on a voluntary switch to a playoff system that you will see this bill move , " he said .	Bowl Championship Series decides college football 's national champ Perennial argument is that a playoff system would be a better way to decide House committee hears testimony from officials , coaches on both sides
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The commander of a British regiment has become the country 's highest-ranking soldier to be killed in action since 1982 's Falklands War after he was killed by a roadside bomb in Afghanistan . Lt. Col. Rupert Thorneloe was killed when a roadside bomb denotated in Helmand province . Lt. Col. Rupert Thorneloe , 40 , was killed along with trooper Joshua Hammond , 18 , Wednesday as they were traveling along a canal in Lashkar Gah , in Afghanistan 's southern Helmand Province , the British Ministry of Defense said . Thorneloe , a commanding officer who oversaw more than 1,000 men , had left the battle group headquarters on the resupply convoy so he could visit his men , because they were conducting a major operation in hostile territory , the ministry said . He and Hammond , a tank driver , were killed despite traveling in an armored vehicle , the ministry said . Britain 's Prince Charles knew Thorneloe and said he was "  completely mortified " to learn of his death . Charles is the regimental colonel of the Welsh Guards , where Thorneloe served . "  It 's a wonderful family , the regiment , so everybody knows everybody , " he said . "  And being involved for 34 years I start to see the sons and the grandsons of people I first met 34 years ago coming into the regiment , so you can imagine the shock and horror . " Watch Prince Charles speak Defense Secretary Bob Ainsworth called Thorneloe 's death a "  hard blow " to the army and the military 's operations in Afghanistan . "  I knew him myself , as a man of incisive thought , enormous professionalism and the greatest decency , who could not wait to leave the high-profile post in the Ministry of Defense where he had performed so impressively in order to take command of his battalion on operations , " Ainsworth said in a statement . "  He saw it as the best job he would ever do , but I know that his genuinely exceptional abilities would have ensured him a brilliant career , " Ainsworth added . "  He led his men with energy , care , and pride -- and he died leading his men . " Thorneloe spent two years at the Ministry of Defense , during which he was the military assistant to the secretary , before he assumed command of the 1st Battalion Welsh Guards last October , the ministry said . He leaves behind a wife and two young daughters . Hammond enlisted in the army when he was 16 and deployed to Afghanistan a month ago , said Lt. Col. Marcus Simson , his commanding officer . He was a week away from his 19th birthday , Simson said . "  He had a glint in his eye and a wry smile which always made one feel that you were in on the joke , " said Major Charlie Burbridge , his squadron commander . "  He was professional and capable and was only just getting into his stride as a soldier . Only days before his tragic death he had said how much he was enjoying the job . "  My words will do little to console his mother or fiance whom he planned to marry on his return from Afghanistan , but our prayers are for them . ` Hammy ' was a Tankie , through and through ; I am proud to have served alongside him and we will never forget him . "	British commander country 's highest ranking soldier to be killed in action since 1982 Lt. Col. Rupert Thorneloe was killed along with trooper Joshua Hammond They were killed by a roadside bomb in Afghanistan on Wednesday
