CNN  -- What is life like for the men who build Dubai 's skyscrapers ? Human rights groups have repeatedly drawn attention to the low wages and living conditions of the emirate 's corps of foreign workers  mostly from south and southeast Asia  , but there have been few attempts to scratch the surface of their everyday life beyond the construction sites . A new documentary that opened in Dubai cinemas this week is hoping to change all that . "  Champ of the Camp " chronicles an annual singing competition that takes place in Dubai 's labor camps . Like many of the city 's migrant workers , the subjects put up with long working days , relative isolation and inhospitable weather so they can send money back home ; sometimes to children awaiting school fees or daughters awaiting dowries . "  Camp ka Champ "  the Hindi name applied to the contest  offers them a rare bit of respite and the chance to earn cash prizes . "  The money I send back home to my family is how they make ends meet . It has n't been easy ; sometimes I feel I have no life , " admits one contestant featured in the film . Western Union is the official sponsor of the competition . According to Rupa Vinod , the managing director at Right Track , the advertising agency that set up the contest , the UAE represents one of the largest markets for the money transfer firm . Many laborers use their services bi-monthly to send remittances . "  While there 's not a commercial angle to the contest , it does help build loyalty with the brand , " Vinod admits . "  People  in the camps  might trust the brand a little bit more now that it 's closer to them . " Likened to "  American Idol " with a Bollywood twist , Champ of the Camp has become increasingly popular over the years . When it launched in 2006 , only 100 contenders auditioned . Last year , 3,000 applied . First-place winners take home AED10 ,000  $ 2,722  , other contestants can win items like TVs and home appliances . Though the subject of labor camps can be somewhat touchy in Dubai , with many expats living comparatively gilded lives at the expense of the city 's migrant workers , there seems to be a lot of curiosity about how these men -- squirreled away into tower blocks on the fringes of the city -- live their daily lives . More than 1,200 viewers turned up at the film 's premiere at the Dubai International Film Festival . "  The Dubai public has a curiosity about the men who built the city for them , " explains Mahmoud Kaabour , the film 's director . "  Many people live here for years and enjoy the champagne lifestyle without ever knowing how the other half have come to be here or what kind of lives they have , " he adds . One of the more touching story lines in the film follows Adnan , a Pakistani worker who helped construct the Burj Khalifa . "  He could always see it in the remote distance , but he never walked along the fountains , or enjoyed its restaurants or went up to see its viewing deck , " says Kaabour , who took him back to the site during filming . "  He stared at the tower and gave a really poignant reflection on what life in the Burj might be like compared to life in the camps . It was one of the critical scenes in the movie , and it really excited viewers . " At the end of the premiere , movie 's characters took to the stage and performed a live concert , eliciting a standing ovation from the crowd . In a rare moment of engagement , many viewers hugged the participants and posed in photos with them . Despite the movie 's popularity and critical acclaim , the journey from film festival to cinemas has been a financial struggle , and unless Kaabour gets more funding for his project , the likelihood it will last past this week is remote . "  The UAE is a tremendously expensive place to film , " says Eva Sayre , the film 's producer . "  We were able to get a couple of grants , but otherwise , the entire thing came out of our own pockets . " In hopes of raising enough money for marketing and distribution , Sayre and Kaabour have launched a crowd-funding campaign through aflamnah , a Middle East version of Kickstarter . "  We want the general public to hear the laborers tell their stories and to know who they are , but we also want to invite further pondering about the labor camp institutions , " says Kaabour . "  We hope we cracked a dialogue that 's going to go a bit further now that the film has hit cinemas . "	Documentary Champ of the Camp Chronicles a singing contest in Dubai 's labor camps The movie 's subjects work long hours to send money home to their families The contest is sponsored by Western Union , which many use to send remittances
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Secretary of State-designate Hillary Clinton had $ 6.4 million in presidential campaign debt at the end of November , according to a report filed Saturday with the Federal Election Commission . Hillary Clinton says she hopes to have her campaign debt paid before her possible confirmation as secretary of state . The amount , though still significant , represents the lowest level of debt the New York senator 's failed presidential campaign has reported this year . Clinton 's campaign debt reached its peak , $ 12 million , at the end of June and has gradually fallen since then . Clinton said she hopes to pay off her debt before her possible confirmation as secretary of state . Clinton has also officially forgiven the $ 13.2 million she personally loaned her campaign . Under the McCain-Feingold campaign finance law , presidential candidates who loan their campaigns money from personal funds may only be paid back if they do so by the national party convention -- in this case , the Democratic National Convention held last August in Denver . Clinton began November with $ 985,000 in her campaign account and raised nearly $ 290,000 by the end of the month . Her campaign paid out $ 1.2 million , mainly to unpaid vendors , ending the month with $ 188,000 in the bank . The $ 6.4 million in remaining debt is owed to a total of 16 creditors . The largest unpaid amount is owed to Penn , Schoen & Berland , a political consulting and polling firm that advised Clinton during her presidential bid . The firm 's president , Mark Penn , served as chief strategist to Clinton for most of her campaign until he was forced out of his position in April after revelations that he lobbied for a U.S.-Colombia trade deal on behalf of the Colombian government despite Clinton 's opposition to the measure . However , he never left the campaign entirely .	Hillary Clinton still owes more than $ 6 million in presidential campaign debt Clinton has officially forgiven the $ 13.2 million personal loan to her campaign She hopes to have debt paid before her possible confirmation as secretary of state
Rick Santorum finished the Iowa Republican caucuses 34 votes ahead of Mitt Romney , but results from several precincts are missing and the full actual results may never be known , according to a final certified tally released Thursday by the Iowa GOP . The new numbers show 29,839 votes for Santorum and 29,805 votes for Romney , according to the party . The initial returns from Iowa gave Romney a razor-thin eight-vote margin of victory over Santorum , reinforcing the former Massachusetts governor 's frontrunner status and giving him a major momentum boost heading into the New Hampshire primaries . Romney went on to win New Hampshire easily , seemingly making him the first non-incumbent Republican in modern history to win the first two contests of the cycle . Now history is being rewritten , casting a shadow over the first-in-the-nation caucuses and potentially shaking up the GOP race two days before the critical South Carolina primary . Santorum said on CNN 's "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer " that the victory , while delayed , was sweet . "  We feel very , very good that we not only won , but that we ... . pulled off a huge upset , " the former Pennsylvania senator said in the interview to be broadcast later Thursday . Romney called Santorum after the revised result came out , according to both campaigns . However , they differed on whether Romney called to concede , as claimed by Santorum spokesman Hogan Gidley . A top Romney staffer disputed that any concession occurred , while campaign spokeswoman Andrea Saul said : "  Gov. Romney called Sen. Santorum to congratulate him on the Iowa results . " In the CNN interview , Santorum said he got an e-mail before 5 a.m. Thursday informing him of his 34-vote victory in the certified results . He also said his margin of victory would be higher if uncertified results from other precincts were included . "  Either way you tally it , we were successful . And we feel very good about that , " Santorum said , adding his campaign is working to "  continue that momentum and take it here to South Carolina now and off to Florida . " Eventually , he said , the Republican presidential race will narrow to a lone conservative contender against the more moderate Romney . Asked if he was disappointed that the Iowa results took so long to certify , possibly denying him momentum in last week 's New Hampshire primary , Santorum said : "  I do n't blame Iowa . " "  If you think about it , it moved from eight votes to 34 . Usually in an election , that kind of change is insignificant , " he said . Gidley earlier told CNN that the revised result was "  exciting because the narrative for a long time has been that Mitt Romney was 2-0 . " "  That 's not the narrative anymore , " Gidley said . "  There have been two states , two different victors . " Romney 's eight-vote win was seen as "  a huge victory , " Gidley said . "  By that standard , I guess 34 votes is just about a landslide in Iowa . " While Santorum had a slight advantage in the certified tally , results from eight precincts were missing and will never be recovered -- a fact that leaves the question of who actually finished first in the caucuses unanswered . "  I congratulate Sen. Santorum and Gov. Romney on a hard-fought effort during the closest contest in caucus history , " Iowa GOP Chairman Matt Strawn said in a written statement . "  Our goal throughout the certification process was to most accurately reflect and report how Iowans voted . " Romney said in a written statement Thursday morning that the new results show a "  virtual tie " between the two candidates . "  The results from Iowa caucus night revealed a virtual tie , " Romney said . "  I would like to thank the Iowa Republican Party for their careful attention to the caucus process , and we once again recognize Rick Santorum for his strong performance in the state . " "  The Iowa caucuses , with record turnout , were a great start to defeating President Obama in Iowa and elsewhere in the general election , " Romney added . One week after Iowa 's January 3 caucuses , Romney won the New Hampshire primary with nearly 40 % of primary votes . In that contest , Santorum , a former Pennsylvania senator , finished in fifth place with 9 % . The South Carolina primary is scheduled for Saturday . The Palmetto State has picked the winner of every GOP nomination fight since 1980 . Romney currently appears to be clinging to a dwindling lead there over former House Speaker Newt Gingrich . A Republican debate will be held Thursday night in Charleston , South Carolina . "  The bottom line is , it 's really going to make a boost to our campaign today and remind people just that we 've been able to tackle and take on Mitt Romney head-on , " Gidley said . "  We are the alternative to him , and we plan on taking this into South Carolina and beyond and showing folks that we 've got the message and the messenger that can beat the guy who 's just writing checks , trying to buy a state . " Gidley said he can "  understand how the Romney campaign is out there trying to marginalize the victory . I can understand he does n't want that narrative out there , but it 's a big win for our campaign and we 're really excited about it . " CNN Chief Political Correspondent Candy Crowley said she does n't believe the Iowa development will change the big picture for the prospective nominees . "  I think it does give Rick Santorum bragging rights , " she said . "  Any time you can grab the headlines , that 's a good thing . " But , she said , the results are not that different from the close margin seen just after the caucuses .	Santorum says he learned of the revised result before dawn Thursday Santorum finishes with a 34-vote advantage over Mitt Romney in Iowa Romney calls Santorum , but campaigns differ on whether it was to concede Romney was thought to have won the caucuses by eight votes
CNN  -- A Florida judge 's ruling Wednesday will allow a foreign-born high school basketball player who was ruled ineligible and his team to compete in the playoffs , even though they could ultimately be stripped of any title they win . Miami-Dade Circuit Judge Spencer Eig temporarily barred the Florida High School Athletic Association from disqualifying Brian Delancy , who was born in the Bahamas , and Dr. Michael M. Krop Senior High School from the district playoffs , which begin Thursday . Delancy "  is very happy and relieved and he feels happy for his teammates , " said attorney David Baron , who helped represent the athlete , 19 , and two other players . The board of the athletic association , which said Krop did not file proper paperwork on Delancy 's eligibility and immigration status , on Tuesday ruled he was ineligible and that the top-ranked team must forfeit the 19 games it won when the senior guard played . Eig did not rule on Delancy 's eligibility , but granted a temporary injunction to allow Krop to play until a full slate of hearings and appeals can take place within the athletic association , Roger Dearing , the association 's executive director , said it was too late to appeal Eig 's ruling and Krop will compete . But , he said , the ruling is not the end of the matter . Dearing said the association will hear new appeals after the tournament , likely in April . Now that Krop is in the playoffs , North Miami High School will be bumped from the four-team field in the district playoffs , Dearing said . "  There is no win for kids here , " said Dearing . "  What about the schools that played fair ? " Alan Goldfarb , another attorney for Delancy , said it was unfortunate about North Miami , but the school would not have made the playoffs if the athletic association had not ruled Krop ineligible . Goldfarb said the association only recently decided to act . "  There 's no proof yet that we 've done anything wrong , " Goldfarb said . Dearing said Krop reported the paperwork issue last week and sought the emergency board appeal . Federal law prohibits school districts from asking about a student 's immigration status . The Florida athletic association does require information on players ' eligibility and residency . The association keeps such records so that "  there is a fair and equitable playing field for all student athletes " and to discourage recruiting , association spokesman Seth Polansky said Tuesday . Where athletes come from "  is not an issue , " he said . "  It is the paperwork . " "  Playing athletics is a privilege and not a right , " said Polansky , adding that it is up to schools to police themselves on student eligibility . Baron said Delancy first attended a private school , which required an I-20 form . An I-20 is a student visa that gives international students permission to attend school . But Delancy or Krop were not required to provide such a form when he transferred to Krop , a public school , Baron said Tuesday . Dearing said public schools must have such student visa forms and that Delancy 's form had expired . Although the athletic association board ruled Delancy ineligible and vacated the school 's wins , its decision did not keep Krop out of the playoffs , said Polansky . Each district in Florida decides independently how its sports teams will advance in the post-season . The emergency petition that was taken before Eig argued the athletic association never set a hearing or requested information from Delancy before making a "  unilateral " determination on his eligibility . Dearing disagreed . "  We have due process in every rule in our book , " he said , adding it was Krop that asked for a waiver of the normal appeals process in order to get a ruling from the full board . Baron argues Delancy has always been forthright with the school on his background and should not have to prove his legal status to play . The athletic association believes Krop is being "  disingenuous " about its knowledge and compliance with rules , Dearing said . The school was walked through proper paperwork last year because of another case involving international students , he said . The executive director said the athletic association must ensure rules are met . Baron said he knows that Krop could win it all and then lose the crown if the athletic association ultimately decides Delancy was ineligible and the wins should be forfeited . "  These kids are only concerned about playing for the championship , " he said .	NEW : High school basketball player from Bahamas can play , judge says Statewide athletic board says Brian Delancy , a native Bahamian , is ineligible It argues school did not provide proper paperwork on his legal status Attorney for star says he met requirements and is being singled out
CNN  -- The silverware keeps coming for Bayern Munich . When Bayern defeated outsider Raja Casablanca 2-0 in the final of FIFA 's Club World Cup in Marrakech on Saturday , it collected a fifth trophy this year . Bayern won the Bundesliga , Champions League and German Cup last season under Jupp Heynckes , with the European Super Cup and now Club World Cup coming with Pep Guardiola at the helm . Bayern 's lone blip was losing the German Super Cup to Borussia Dortmund in July . Raja Casablanca failed in its bid to become the first African side to win the competition , although the Moroccan champion did well to reach the finale after upsetting South America 's Atletico Mineiro . Bayern was hardly threatened , even without the likes of Arjen Robben , Bastian Schweinsteiger , Mario Mandzukic , Javi Martinez and Mario Gotze in the starting lineup , and scored twice within 25 minutes to end any hopes of a shock upset . Brazilian defender Dante put Bayern ahead in the seventh minute when he was unmarked in the penalty area and Raja Casablanca keeper Khalid Askri made two good saves before Thiago Alcantara 's strike in the 22nd doubled the score . And only a minor miracle , it seems , can stop Bayern from repeating as German champion after its main rivals stumbled Saturday . Bayer Leverkusen lost its second straight league game , 1-0 at Werder Bremen , while Borussia Dortmund -- Bayern 's victim in the Champions League final -- fell 2-1 at home to promoted Hertha Berlin . It was Dortmund 's fourth defeat in the past six games so the Bundesliga 's Christmas break falls at just the right time for Jurgen Klopp 's men . "  We can really use this break now , but it is only our fault , " Klopp told reporters . "  Something that started well has ended badly . "  I can say a lot of things in support of the team but we should have lost none of the games that we lost this season . " Bayern has a seven-point lead over Leverkusen and 12-point cushion over Dortmund , with a game less played . Third-place in the Club World Cup went to Atletico Mineiro , which beat Guangzhou Evergrande 3-2 thanks to a stoppage time winner from Luan . Former world player of the year Ronaldinho scored for Brazili 's Atletico Mineiro but was sent off in the 87th minute when he retaliated after being fouled .	Bayern Munich wins its fifth trophy of the year after capturing the Club World Cup Bayern beats Morocco 's Raja Casablanca 2-0 in Saturday 's final in Marrakech Dante and Thiago Alcantara scored for the European champion in the first half Bayern is the heavy favorite to repeat in the Bundesliga after its two main rivals faltered
Washington  CNN  -- Republicans led by presidential challenger Mitt Romney served up a heaping helping of political red meat on Friday , launching a salvo of attacks on President Barack Obama that called him a liar and a failed leader . Romney told an interview broadcast on ABC that his biggest concern about the three upcoming presidential debates is that Obama will be untruthful . "  The president tends to , how shall I say it , to say things that are n't true , " Romney said , contemplating whether he would spend debate time "  correcting things that are n't quite accurate " or "  talking about the things I want to talk about . " In an already nasty and bitter campaign , Romney 's pre-emptive strike less than three weeks before the first debate on Oct. 3 signaled more personal attacks to come as the election campaign gallops toward the November vote . Obama appears to have maintained a narrow edge in most polls , with a new CBS News/New York Times survey released Friday giving him a slight 49 % -46 % advantage over the former Massachusetts governor . While the president 's margin was within the survey 's sampling error , making the result statistically even , the new survey continued a trend reflected in other polls of Romney failing to gain ground on the president after the recent political conventions . With less than eight weeks until the election , the Romney campaign and GOP political machine have raised the urgency of their efforts . This week , Romney took on one of Obama 's perceived strengths -- his foreign policy record after ending the war in Iraq and ordering the mission that killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden -- by saying a lack of U.S. leadership has weakened the nation 's influence throughout the world . In particular , Republican politicians and conservative commentators have cited the killing of U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans amid anti-American protests in Libya this week as an example of the nation 's weakened stature around the world . At a ceremony Friday to bring home the remains of the slain Americans , Obama acknowledged the unrest in Libya and other Arab Spring nations , saying "  these are difficult days . " "  The United States of America will never retreat from the world , " Obama declared , vowing that the killers will face justice . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also sought to project American strength and determination , labeling as "  senseless " and totally unacceptable " the anti-American unrest she blamed on an "  awful " anti-Islam video on the Internet . "  The people of Egypt , Libya , Yemen and Tunisia did not trade the tyranny of a dictator for the tyranny of a mob , " Clinton told the somber ceremony . "  Reasonable people and responsible leaders in these countries need to do everything they can to restore security and hold accountable those behind these violent acts . And we will , under the president 's leadership , keep taking steps to protect our personnel around the world . " Both Romney and his running mate -- Rep. Paul Ryan -- mentioned the four slain Americans at separate campaign events later Friday , asking for a moment of silence after reciting the names of the dead . Earlier , Ryan kept up the attacks on Obama 's foreign policy at a Values Voters summit in Washington hosted by social conservative groups . Referring to the anti-American protests in the Arab world , Ryan complained that Obama has failed to assert U.S. influence and values that could have brought a different result . "  The slaughter of brave dissidents in Syria . Mobs storming American embassies and consulates . Iran four years closer to gaining a nuclear weapon . Israel , our best ally in the region , treated with indifference bordering on contempt by the Obama administration , " Ryan said . "  Amid all these threats and dangers , what we do not see is steady , consistent American leadership . " Calling for "  moral clarity and firmness of purpose " in U.S. foreign policy , he added that "  only by the confident exercise of American influence are evil and violence overcome . " As he spoke , three protesters shouting about HIV/AIDS funding and corporate money were escorted out as the crowd chanted "  USA . " The protesters were from the "  Take the Money Out Of Politics Campaign " group opposed to the Supreme Court 's Citizens United ruling that permitted unlimited private funding of election campaigns . The Obama campaign responded to Ryan 's speech with a statement that called it "  a series of over-the-top , dishonest attacks " that showed the 42-year-old congressman was "  just not ready for prime time . " Meanwhile , an array of other speakers at the conservative summit accused Obama of weakening the country . "  It is my belief and my opinion that Barack Obama has been the most dangerous president we have ever had on American foreign policy , " said GOP Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota , a tea party favorite who ran unsuccessfully for the party 's presidential nomination . House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , told the gathering that the upcoming election "  is going to determine whether or not the very moral fabric of our country will be upheld or whether it will be torn apart . " Also Friday , a top foreign policy adviser to Romney 's campaign stood by his argument that this week 's attacks on U.S. diplomatic posts in Libya and Egypt could have been averted if Romney were president . Richard Williamson , a former assistant secretary of state in the Ronald Reagan administration , said Romney 's policies would have led to a better standing for the United States in the Arab Spring countries of recent years . "  A Romney administration would be there , would be more active trying to work with civil society , with reformer movements , so we would be partners in this evolution , not running behind , " Williamson said on CNN 's "  Starting Point . " Regarding Egypt , Williamson cited what he called a lack of U.S. involvement after the Egyptian protests of 2011 , which ultimately led to the resignation of President Hosni Mubarak . In Libya , Williamson argued , the United States should have been more active in "  reconciliation and reconstruction " after a multi-country coalition took military action against Libyan forces with American help . Romney drew criticism for blasting the Obama administration on Tuesday night -- the 11th anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United States -- for a statement by the U.S. Embassy in Cairo that condemned the anti-Islam video . However , Romney 's statement inaccurately said the embassy statement -- which came out before protesters invaded the compound -- was in response to the demonstration . Romney has since toned down his sharpest rhetoric on the matter but kept up the main theme , telling a New York fundraiser on Friday that "  there have been , over the years , confusing messages sent by the president of the United States to the world . " In particular , Romney argued that Obama "  had nothing to say that sent a message to the world " during the 2009 anti-government protests in Iran , adding the president should have given direct assistance to the demonstrators . At the time , several months into his presidency , Obama condemned violence against the Iranian protesters but not did lead or call for U.S. involvement in Iran 's post-election unrest . Foreign policy was not the only GOP focus on Friday . Ryan maintained the Romney campaign 's criticism of Obama 's record on economic issues as part of an effort to frame the November vote as a referendum on the president 's performance . "  After four years of economic stewardship under these self-proclaimed advocates of the poor , and what do they have to show for it ? More people in poverty , and less upward mobility wherever you look , " said the conservative House Budget Committee chairman from Wisconsin . "  After four years of dividing people up with the bogus rhetoric of class warfare , just about every segment of society is worse off . " In the ABC interview , Romney conceded a rare shared stance with Obama , saying the two would draw the same "  red line " on nuclear weapons in Iran . "  My red line is Iran may not have a nuclear weapon . It is inappropriate for them to have the capacity to terrorize the world , " Romney said . "  Iran as a nuclear nation is unacceptable to the United States of America . " Obama has used almost identical language to describe the situation in Iran , and Romney said "  yes " when asked in the interview if the two candidates would have the same "  red line " going forward . CNN 's Peter Hamby , Ashley Killough , Rachel Streitfeld and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	NEW : "  These are difficult days , " President Obama says of anti-American unrest Mitt Romney says Obama will be untruthful in the debates Paul Ryan blames Obama for anti-American unrest in Arab nations The Obama campaign calls Ryan 's criticism "  over-the-top " and dishonest
CNN  A telemarketer making a sales call from Las Vegas helped to end a domestic violence situation 900 miles away in Oregon on Wednesday evening , according law enforcement officials . Chamille McElroy of Americare Health & Nutrition placed a call to a woman in Lebanon , Oregon , but instead of a "  hello " she heard what sounded like a violent struggle on the other end of the line . McElroy alerted her supervisor , Tina Garcia ; then her boss Mario Gonzalez , CEO of Americare , stepped in . Gonzalez says he was walking around the sales floor when one of his managers asked him to listen to a call , and what he heard was very traumatic . Call center workers say they heard a woman screaming for her life and yelling "  please do n't kill me , " according to a press release from the Linn County  Oregon  Sheriff 's Office . "  It just got progressively worse , " Gonzalez told CNN affiliate KLAS in Las Vegas . "  We were not going to hang up this phone on the young lady , " said Garcia . "  As far as I was concerned , the people in that room -- we were the only lifeline . " Gonzalez was about to call Las Vegas police , but decided to look up local Oregon officials . He alerted the Linn County Sheriff 's office , which dispatched personnel to check out the home . "  When deputies arrived on scene a female was heard calling for help , while a male voice could be heard saying ` quiet , ' " according to the press release . Deputies reported seeing 33-year-old Walter Warren John Ruck holding a woman from behind when they entered the home . Ruck let go of the woman , who was crying and grasping for air , according to officers . Officials are not releasing the name of the victim . After an investigation , deputies learned the woman claimed she was physically assaulted and smothered with blankets and pillows during the alleged attack . The victim told officials Ruck threatened her with a rifle , shoving the stock of the gun into her chest , according to the press release . She said she feared for her life and was convinced Ruck wanted to kill her and himself . The woman 's cell phone was in her back pocket during the attack and she was n't aware that someone called the police . Gonzalez said the arresting officer called him back to thank him . Deputies credited Gonzales for intervening and possibly saving the woman 's life . Ruck was booked into the Linn County Jail on charges of assault , menacing and strangulation . CNN reached out to Ruck 's attorney , Mark Heslinga , for comment but has not heard back .	Call center workers in Las Vegas alerted authorities to a possible assault in Oregon A telemarketer heard muffled cries on the other end of the line and told her supervisors Walter Ruck , 33 , was arrested on assault charges
MNN  -- Consider it an occupational hazard . Work at a veterinary clinic long enough , and eventually you will wind up falling for a patient . In the case of veterinary technician Christina Simpson , she fell for a patient that had been left behind at her roommate 's veterinary clinic . Oreo 's owner surrendered the dog because the animal could no longer use her hind legs . After hearing about Oreo , Simpson offered to try laser therapy . The procedure promotes healing at the cellular level by increasing blood flow and decreasing inflammation in the injured area , and had been used successfully by Simpson 's colleagues at Eagle 's Landing Veterinary Hospital in Georgia . Simpson was so sure laser therapy would work that she took responsibility for the perky pooch , renaming her Hope . "  I wanted to try to get her walking again with the laser , " she says . "  I was hopeful I could do that and adopt her out , but once it became clear she was n't going to walk again , it became difficult . " By that point , she had fallen for Hope . But with a roommate and a house full of pets , Simpson had no room for another addition . The vet tech decided the next best thing to taking Hope home was to move to Plan B : Build a wheelchair so the dog could get around and -- hopefully -- find a forever home . MNN : More amazing advances in veterinary medicine How do you build a wheelchair for a dog ? For Simpson , it was time to surf the Web and reach out to her friends . Firefighter Clay Gaddy , whose wife works with Simpson , downloaded instructions to transform 1-inch PVC pipe , foam insulation and a pair of lawn mower wheels into Hope 's new ride . Eagle 's Landing Veterinary Hospital paid for the supplies and , a few hours later , Gaddy was fitting the dog for her new wheelchair . The first ride was a bit bumpy and required some adjustments , but soon Hope was off in pursuit of a stuffed toy . Fortunately for Hope and other dogs with disabilities , there is no shortage of information to help people care for animals with special needs . On HandicappedPets.com , pet owners offer advice , purchase gear and share words of encouragement . Customers regularly submit video footage of their dogs thriving , and the site 's Facebook fan page has more than 48,000 members . It was created in 2000 by Mark Robinson , who had sold pet supplies and wheelchairs for years . "  People who were caring for disabled animals were feeling very alone and neglected , " says Robinson . "  Friends and neighbors would say , ` Aww , put the poor thing to sleep , ' but these people knew their dog was alive , awake , happy -- they just could n't walk . They had nowhere to go for support . " MNN : Dogs get decked out for ` Howl-o-ween ' Community feedback led Robinson to invent the Walkin Wheels adjustable wheelchair , which is available in 22 countries , including Australia , France and -- coming soon -- Iran . A mini version accommodates dogs that weigh less than 20 pounds and ranges from $ 249 to $ 325 , while the standard version works for dogs up to 180 pounds . Prices range from $ 399 to $ 529 . Upon hearing Hope 's story , HandicappedPets.com offered Simpson a travel-friendly Walkin Wheels to keep Hope moving in the right direction . Now , all Hope needs is a forever home . Eagle 's Landing has agreed to board her until Simpson finds the right family , one that can handle the challenges of a pet with special needs . In the meantime , Hope is adjusting to her new wheels . "  It 's hard to keep up with -LSB- Hope -RSB- when she makes up her mind , " Simpson says . "  Her front end is all muscle so she 's a great candidate for a wheelchair . " If you are interested in providing a forever home for Hope , please email info@soulpup.com . © Copyright 2011 Mother Nature Network	Owners of disabled animals can feel very alone : Online communities provide feedback and hope Veterinary technician Christina Simpson build a dog wheelchair from PVC and lawnmower parts Plans for dog wheelchairs are available on the internet
CNN  -- It looks like a regular bike light , but one day a Blaze could save your life . Invented by a UK design student , Blaze is a detachable lamp that projects a laser image five meters in front of your bicycle to let motorists , bus drivers and pedestrians know you are coming . Blaze 's inventor , Emily Brooke , a physics student turned product designer , came up with the idea while she was studying at Brighton university . "  While studying I knew the problem that I wanted to tackle very clearly : sideswiping or blind spot incidents where vehicles turn across a cyclist 's path . " Incidences of cycling fatalities remain a problem in most major capitals around the world . As more and more commuters travel to work on two wheels rather than four , a myriad of new safety equipment , infrastructure and road rules are being introduced to keep cyclists out of harm 's way . In many cities in the U.S. and beyond , cycling is on the rise . According to statistics published by Governing Data , cycling has grown exponentially in most major U.S. cities since 2006 . In London cycling has more than doubled in the last decade and in many cities in the Netherlands , Germany and Denmark , cycling now accounts for more than 20 % of urban trips . In spite of a gradual decline , urban cycling also remains hugely popular across China . Brooke says that her primary motivation for inventing the Blaze was to improve cyclist safety : "  Last year over 3,000 people were killed or seriously injured on Britain 's roads alone . We have over half a million people cycle in London every day and the fatality statistics are really terrifying . Over a hundred people were killed last year . The fact that I really wanted to focus on was the 79 % of cyclists hit were travelling straight ahead and a vehicle turned into them so that was the one cyclist that I really focused on in designing Blaze , " Brooke says . Blaze is a front-mounted light powered by bright LEDs that also projects a green laser image of a bicycle onto the road to let motorists know a cyclist is coming . The aim is to help prevent vehicles from turning across a cyclist 's path of cyclists by increasing their ` footprint ' on the road . It is one of a new crop of tech products aimed at improving cyclist safety . The annual Interbike conference , which opens next week , will showcase a large number of new products including a device that emits high frequency audio signals to keep pursuing dogs at bay . Also being launched soon is a set of ` smart handle bars ' fitted with LED lights that adjust to your environment and speed . They will also track your bike via SMS if it is stolen . Pure Fix Cycles have a glow-in-the-dark bike frame to light up your entire bicycle at night . Dr Graham Hole , a Senior Lecturer in Psychology at the University of Sussex , says that increasing visibility could be critical to keeping cyclists safe : "  Brooke 's invention could be a major aid to detecting cyclists . It gives the driver advance warning of a cyclist 's approach ... it has the potential to make a significant difference to cyclists ' safety on the roads . " Read more : 12 amazing designs from the past 100 years Carlton Reid , editor of BikeBiz agrees that products that aim to increase cyclist visibility could be useful in preventing accidents : "  Anything that increases conspicuity has got to be a good thing , although in the UK cyclists and motorcyclists have a saying about those motorists who knock into us . We call such collisions : SMIDSYs -- ` sorry mate I did n't see you . ' " Many cyclists believe that rather than developing new technology , safe cycling requires changes in the attitudes and behaviors of road users . Andy Clarke , President of the League of American Bicyclists says : "  Clearly , better bike infrastructure encourages more riders , makes things safer for both cyclists and motorists , and encourages better behavior by riders -- all of which are good things . "  But perhaps more fundamental than any road design or technological fix attached to cars or bikes is an improvement in operator behavior ! Getting drivers to pay attention and be a little more patient  with everybody , not just cyclists  would make the world of difference out there . Distracted , drunk , drugged , drowsy and just plain poor driving is a real scourge -- especially if you are on foot or on a bike . " Monique Rivalland contributed to this article	Blaze bike light uses laser to alert motorists to nearby cyclists Invention aims to decrease bicycle accidents 3,000 cyclists were killed or injured in Britain in 2012
CNN  Twenty years ago , on April 19 , 1995 , Timothy McVeigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City . The attack killed 168 men , women and children , injured hundreds more , and remains the deadliest act of domestic terrorism in U.S. history . The attack 's aftermath saw a storm of media coverage with themes such as "  attack on the heartland " and America 's "  lost innocence . " In fact , the bombing took the country by surprise . It was n't simply the scale of the tragedy that drew attention , but the fact that the bombing exposed something new : American citizens targeting their own government with a deadliness hitherto unseen . The public became aware of the true danger of the extreme right . Reports connected McVeigh and his accomplice Terry Nichols to anti-government ideology movements , such as the militia movement , as well as to white supremacist causes . Law enforcement also played catchup . The Federal Bureau of Investigation 's 1994 annual report on terrorism had given short shrift to the extreme right . Its coverage of domestic terrorism focused on the activities of Puerto Rican radicals and animal rights and environmental extremists . In contrast , the report spent only a paragraph describing the threat from right-wing extremists . It ignored the rapidly growing militia and sovereign citizen movements , and made no reference to events in Idaho and Texas . In late 1992 , at Ruby Ridge , Idaho , a standoff between U.S. Marshals and Randy Weaver 's family resulted in the death of a marshal , a young boy and the boy 's unarmed mother . And in 1993 , federal agents launched an ill-conceived raid on property near Waco , Texas , belonging to the Branch Davidians sect , leading to a bloody shootout and a 51-day standoff , which ended in the death of almost all the Davidians , including a number of children . These incidents infuriated the entire extreme right , which saw them as deliberate attempts by the government to kill American citizens . After Oklahoma City , everything changed . The FBI shifted its priorities , hiring new agents and reassigning staff to work on domestic terrorism cases . It significantly expanded the number of Joint Terrorism Task Forces and went to Congress with a lengthy "  want " list . The effort actually paid off . Increased scrutiny of right-wing extremists resulted in a flurry of arrests for everything from terrorist plots to hate crimes . Though it had paid a high price to do so , it seemed that the United States had recognized the dangers that right-wing extremists posed . However , just six years after the Oklahoma City bombing , an event occurred that pushed to the background those lessons so dearly won . The September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks -- attacks of a scale and ferocity that dwarfed even that of the Oklahoma City bombing -- commanded the full attention of the nation . The government , law enforcement , the news media and the public all rushed to grapple with the issue of Islamic extremism . Unfortunately , rather than expanding national attention to encompass the dangers of both radical Islam and right-wing extremism , the 9/11 attacks simply shifted attention away from the extreme right . Certainly , the 9/11 attacks warranted great attention . They made starkly clear the threat that international radical Islamist groups posed to the United States . Moreover , the surge of right-wing extremism that marked the 1990s had seemingly ebbed . Thus it is no real surprise that concern over right-wing violence faded into the background . The significance of the Oklahoma City bombing , in terms of its service as a warning about right-wing violence , became greatly lessened . This is a lesson that Americans must now recall and recover . Radical Islam , whether abroad or homegrown , represents a serious threat to the safety and security of Americans . But right-wing extremism did not disappear after September 11 . Its history since the Oklahoma City bombing has consisted of a steady stream of plots , conspiracies , terrorist acts , and hate crimes . It , too , represents a serious threat . In fact , in recent years , violence from the extreme right has again surged -- and at levels reminiscent of the dark days of the 1990s . From 1995 through 2000 , according to statistics from the Anti-Defamation League 's Center on Extremism , right-wing extremists were responsible for at least 47 different terrorist acts , conspiracies or plots . However , during the past six years , from 2009 through 2014 , right-wing extremists in the U.S. were involved in at least 42 actual or attempted terrorist acts . In other words , right-wing violence today is actually at or very close to levels during the days of the Oklahoma City bombing . These statistics illustrate that "  homegrown violent extremism " is not limited to extremism motivated by radical Islam . The anger and hate that generated the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995 is still around in 2015 -- and still dangerous . The 20th anniversary of the Oklahoma City bombing provides a new opportunity for us to ensure that its significance does not disappear from the public eye . What the tragedies of 1995 and 2001 together teach is that the United States faces threats from multiple sources of extremism , all of which must be taken seriously . Consequently , Americans must have the wisdom to respond effectively and intelligently to ideological violence stemming from all sources . That would be the most positive way to pay homage to the victims of April 19 , 1995 .	Twenty years ago , on April 19 , 1995 , Timothy McVeigh set off a massive bomb in Oklahoma City Deborah Lauter and Mark Pitcavage : Right-wing extremism should still be taken seriously
CNN  -- The teenage gunman who opened fire in a high school cafeteria in Washington state last week may have had more victims had it not been for the bold actions of a young teacher . Witnesses say Jaylen Fryberg , a popular freshman , shot and killed a female student and wounded four others in the crowded lunchroom at Marysville-Pilchuck High School on Friday , about 34 miles north of Seattle . Megan Silberberger , a teacher , was in a nearby office when she heard the shots , said Randy Davis , president of the Marysville Education Association . "  She ran into the cafeteria and saw students down , " said Davis . Silberberger also saw a gunman . "  She ran towards the shooter , " he said , "  to stop ... and help secure  him  . " Davis would not reveal details of the confrontation , but one student who witnessed it told CNN affiliate KIRO what he saw . "  She just grabbed his arm , " said Erick Cervantes . "  She 's the one that intercepted him with the gun . He tried either reloading or tried aiming at her . " "  I believe she 's actually the real hero , " Cervantes said . Silberberger declined CNN 's request to be interviewed but issued this statement : "  I am thankful and grateful for the support from everyone . At this time I am requesting privacy . " A law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN that Fryberg was indeed having trouble reloading and that it was because his hands were trembling . Police have not yet said how many shots in total were fired , but there was at least one bullet left in the cartridge before the confrontation with Silberberger -- because the final shot was the one that ended Fryberg 's life . A Beretta .40 - caliber handgun believed used in the shooting has been traced to Fryberg 's father , according to the source . Share your perspective on guns with CNN iReport Victims were n't random Students , parents and school leaders met inside the gym at Marysville-Pilchuck High School on Sunday to remember , mourn and talk about ways to move forward . Students and parents were separated for private discussions . Authorities have not publicly released the name of the female student killed , however , her friends have identified her to CNN as Zoe Galasso . The wounded -- two girls and two boys -- are in intensive care in hospitals in Seattle and Everett . Among them are members of Fryberg 's own family . Andrew Fryberg , 15 , is in critical condition , and Nate Hatch , 14 , in serious condition at Harborview Medical Center in Seattle , according to hospital spokeswoman Susan Gregg . "  All three of them are cousins , and they live right close to each other , " Don Hatch , Nate 's grandfather , told CNN affiliate KOMO . The boys were close friends , nearly inseparable , Hatch said . They even went to a school dance together recently , where Fryberg was named the freshman class homecoming prince . "  Only God knows what escalated this . Only God knows , " Hatch said , according to KOMO . "  Nobody pushed a button with bullying . It 's just something that happened , and we do n't know why . " Hatch said he forgives Fryberg and plans on visiting his family . "  I 'll say , ' I feel for you and I 'll pray for you , ' " he said . The girls were identified as Shaylee Chuckulnaskit and Gia Soriano , both 14 , according to Dr. Joanne Roberts , Providence Regional Medical Center Everett 's chief medical officer . They were in critical condition with head injuries . At a news conference Saturday , Roberts read a brief statement from Soriano 's family : "  Our family is in shock . We appreciate your thoughts and prayers during this tragedy . Our hearts go out to the other victims and their families . " Lunchroom in shock Investigators in Marysville have not provided details , but students offered up accounts that painted a terrifying , chaotic picture . Fellow student Jordan Luton was finishing his lunch in the cafeteria when he heard a loud bang . He saw Fryberg go up to a table of students , "  came up from behind ... and fired about six bullets into the backs of them , " Luton told CNN . "  They were his friends , so it was n't just random . " According to a law enforcement source , witnesses said Fryberg pulled the gun out of a black backpack before he began firing . Witnesses described the look on his face as calm , said the source . Grief , disbelief It was hard for Luton to make sense of the shooting . "  I have no idea what his motive was because yesterday at football practice , he was all fine , talking ... having a good time , " he said . "  And then today , just horrible . I do n't know what went through his head or what caused him to do it . " By all accounts , Fryberg was a popular student . Just a week ago , he had been named the high school 's freshman homecoming prince , according to a YouTube video of the ceremony and accounts provided by students to CNN . "  It 's weird to think about , because you see him and he is such a happy person , " sophomore Alex Pietsch said . "  You never really see him be so angry and so upset . ... People were telling me who it was when I was getting in my mom 's car and I was like , ` What ? This is not happening . ... This is crazy . ' It was just surprising to me that him out of all people would be the one . " Who was Jaylen Fryberg ? CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Carma Hassan , Ray Sanchez , Susan Candiotti , Jake Tapper , Shimon Prokupecz , Evan Perez , AnneClaire Stapleton , Dan Simon and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Students , parents and school leaders gather to remember Friends of the slain student identify her as Zoe Galasso Student witness says teacher "  ran towards shooter " to stop him Four students remain hospitalized after the shooting last week
The Texas teen facing a felony terrorism charge over an alleged threat on Facebook has been released on bail after an anonymous donor posted a $ 500,000 bond . Justin Carter , 19 , had spent five months in prison for posting , during an argument about a video game , what he said was a sarcastic comment about how he was going to "  shoot up a kindergarten . " "  I just think it got taken out of context , and it 's been blown out of proportion , " Carter told Kate Bolduan on "  New Day , " CNN 's morning show . The brief interview marked Carter 's first public comments since he was jailed in February . Carter 's case has received widespread media attention and alarmed free-speech activists . His arrest came amid heightened concerns over school violence since December 's mass shootings at an elementary school in Newtown , Connecticut . In February , Carter and a friend were arguing on Facebook with someone else over the online video game "  League of Legends . " His father told CNN that other gamer called Justin crazy and his son responded with sarcasm . According to court documents , Justin wrote , "  I 'm f *** ed in the head alright . I think I ` ma  sic  shoot up a kindergarten and watch the blood of the innocent rain down and eat the beating heart of one of them . " Jack Carter said his son followed the claim with "  LOL " and "  J/K " -- indicating that the comment was n't serious . "  Any clear reading and full reading of the context of that statement would make it obvious that this was just a sarcastic joke , " Chad Van Brunt , one of Carter 's attorneys , told CNN on Friday . "  If we get to trial ... it 's just going to be abundantly clear , if it 's not already . " Authorities said someone reported the comment -- which came about two months after the mass killings at Sandy Hook Elementary School -- leading to Carter 's arrest February 21 on a felony charge of making terroristic threats . In Texas , that carries a sentence of up to 10 years in prison . The teen had remained in jail because Jack Carter and his wife , Jennifer , said they could n't afford to post the bond required to free their son . The family 's attorney , Don Flanary , told CNN that Justin Carter had suffered abuse while behind bars , and his parents had expressed concerns about his safety . Carter was released Thursday to his home near New Braunfels , Texas , after an unnamed donor came forward and posted the bond , Flanary said . He said the donor wishes to remain anonymous . "  For now I 'm over-the-moon happy . I just want to spend all my time talking to him and looking at him , " mother Jennifer Carter told CNN on Friday . "  There 's been a lot of hugs going around and crying . We do n't have to worry anymore about him being hurt  in jail  ... and for any parent that 's just such a relief . " An online petition seeking Justin Carter 's release from jail had received more than 126,000 signatures . A pretrial hearing for Carter is scheduled August 12 . Flanary told CNN he will be filing a motion to dismiss the charges because they violate Carter 's First Amendment rights . The Comal County district attorney 's office , which is prosecuting the case , has not responded to CNN 's requests for comment . The case is viewed by some as a cautionary tale about the repercussions of controversial statements posted online . Asked by CNN 's Bolduan what he might have done differently , Carter said , "  I certainly would have thought a lot more about what I said and how permanent my writing -- and everyone 's writing -- is  on the Internet  . People should be very , very careful of what they say . It 's being recorded all the time , if you say it on any website , anywhere . "  And you can get in trouble for something that 's not something you should get in trouble for . I just want people to be warned . "	Texas teen facing a terrorism charge over an alleged threat on Facebook is free on bail Justin Carter , 19 , spent five months in prison for what he says was a sarcastic comment He was freed after an anonymous donor posted a $ 500,000 bond "  I just think it got taken out of context , and it 's been blown out of proportion , " Carter says
CNN  -- After being accused of taking thousands from illegal immigrants in exchange for driver 's licenses , a Nevada state employee might be forced to pay a hefty price after being nabbed in a multi-agency inquiry . The U.S. Department of Homeland Security announced Monday the results of their federal bribery investigation centered on Nancy Brown , a 28-year-old Las Vegas native . An anonymous tip into the Nevada Department of Motor Vehicles ' compliance division sparked the investigation in September 2010 , with the caller alleging that two people had illegally gotten driver 's licenses through one of the agency 's employees . The resulting joint probe eventually involved members of the State Department and the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , or ICE , which describes itself as "  the principal investigative arm of the Department of Homeland Security . " According to Homeland Security 's news release , illegal immigrants would go to a Las Vegas DMV office and wait in the lobby near Brown , a DMV technician . The federal agency said she 'd then call them over to her station and fill out their "  fraudulent paperwork " -- even though they did n't provide required documents to prove they were eligible for a driver 's license . After taking their pictures and paying their fees , the people walked off with temporary licenses , the release said . Authorities estimate that Brown processed 187 such illicit driver 's licenses , charging between $ 1,700 and $ 3,000 for each one . The complaint against Brown was filed April 29 , and she was arrested on Thursday . The next day , she was in court to face a federal program bribery charge . U.S. Magistrate Judge George Foley Jr. released her on a personal recognizance bond , the Homeland Security Department said in its release . "  Trafficking in counterfeit document poses a serious security vulnerability , one that often contributes to a host of crimes -- including identity theft and financial fraud , " said Angel Marcial , an ICE assistant special agent , in the statement on Brown 's case . CNN called the federal public defender representing Brown on Monday evening , seeking her client 's response to the allegations , but has n't received a reply . This is the latest but hardly the only case involving people fraudulently getting driver 's licenses . Earlier this spring , police arrested 11 bus drivers around New York area suspected of using phony aliases to get driver 's licenses , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo announced in a news release . New Mexico has also seen several such investigations . In February , Gov. Susana Martinez said in a statement that state and federal investigators there arrested five illegal nationals of Indian descent and accused them of charging people $ 6,000 to illegally obtain a New Mexico driver 's license . Investigators claim that the men helped these people get fake documents so they could fulfill requirements to get a license . And in 2008 , another Nevada DMV employee -- Marilyn Millender , then 52 and also from Las Vegas -- was indicted by a federal grand jury on charges that she solicited and took money from illegal immigrants in exchange for driver 's licenses and identity cards . After a plea agreement , she was sentenced to three years of probation and forced to pay a $ 1,000 fine , according to a federal court document .	Nancy Brown , a Nevada Department of Motor Vehicles employee , is arrested Federal authorities say she took money from illegal immigrants to get them licenses She was caught in a bribery probe involving Immigrations and Customs Enforcement This is the latest effort targeting driver 's licenses for illegal immigrants
New York  CNN  -- The two-story tan house on East Linwood Avenue is unremarkable for suburban Maple Shade , just outside Camden , New Jersey . The man who lived there with his wife and teenage daughter blended in , too . He had friends and family over for barbecues on Memorial Day and other holidays . His neighbors described him as quiet and smiling . But Pedro Hernandez , 51 , was apparently living with the knowledge of a terrible act for 33 years . Police believe the confession Hernandez made and signed : that he lured 6-year-old Etan Patz , who vanished near his Manhattan home on May 25 , 1979 , to a store with the promise of a soda , choked him and placed his body in the trash about a block and a half away . Hernandez was charged Friday , one day after his arrest , with second-degree murder in the boy 's killing . And with that and everything else that happened to Hernandez this week , life on quiet East Linwood Avenue became the focus of an entire nation . The Patz case was never officially closed . No one had been criminally charged . The little boy from Prince Street in the Manhattan neighborhood of SoHo gripped the national psyche and launched a novel campaign for missing children that splashed their faces on milk cartons . "  He did the right thing , you know , to confess , " Hernandez 's brother-in-law Jose Lopez told CNN affiliate KYW . "  Get this thing over with for the people out there and the family over here . " Hernandez 's neighbors were shocked to learn the news . It took their breath away . Dan Wollick said he knew Hernandez to be quiet and God-fearing . He belonged to a Pentecostal church , according to The New York Times . "  If this guy as they say , confessed to it , for 33 years he 's been living in his own personal hell , " Wollick said . He said Hernandez always made sure to say hello . The family never bothered anyone on the street . "  They were pretty good people , but you never know , " he said . Chuck Diehn , a retired Philadelphia police officer , told the New York Daily News that the most sinister thing about Hernandez was his incessant smoking . Living next door to him "  was like living next to no one , " Diehn said . "  All he ever did was sit in that  lawn  chair and smoke cigarettes . " Hernandez was only 19 in 1979 . He had been working for a month as a stock clerk at a bodega at 448 W. Broadway that is now an optical store . Hernandez left his New Jersey home voluntarily Wednesday and took detectives back to the scene of his alleged crime , New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said . He described to them what he had done to Etan . In the years that followed , Hernandez told a family member and others that he had "  done a bad thing " and killed a child in New York . Kelly said an individual tipped police off after the Patz case made headlines again last month , when authorities renewed their search for Etan 's remains and excavated a SoHo basement . No "  obvious " human remains were found . Kelly described Hernandez as remorseful . "  The detectives thought it was a feeling of relief on his part , " he said . Hernandez has no prior criminal record . He was arraigned Friday , via video feed , from Bellevue Hospital , where he had been taken for medical evaluation and later placed on suicide watch . His defense lawyer , Harvey Fishbein , told the judge during the arraignment that his client has a "  long psychiatric history " -- including schizophrenia , bipolar disorder and hallucinations . Judge Matthew Sciarrino ordered Hernandez be held without bail and granted the defense 's request that the suspect undergo a psychiatric evaluation . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	NEW : Pedro Hernandez is charged with murder in the case of Etan Patz Police say that Hernandez confessed to the crime He lived in a suburban New Jersey neighborhood and led a quiet life , his neighbors say "  They were pretty good people , but you never know , " a neighbor says
CNN  All you need is luck , to misquote one of Liverpool 's most famous exports , The Beatles . But Liverpool 's footballers wo n't mind one bit that a fortunate goal sealed a vital win at Swansea to set up a pivotal clash with Manchester United at the weekend . One of English soccer 's biggest rivalries is renewed on Sunday with vital points at stake in the race for a place in next season 's European Champions League . Jordan Henderson knew little about his winner in Wales , the ball flying in after Jordi Amat 's clearance struck him , but it helped make it seven wins out of eight for the Reds . A sixth consecutive clean sheet away from home pulled it within two points of Manchester United in fourth , with just four points separating Liverpool from Manchester City in second . "  It 's a great result , " Henderson told Sky Sports . "  The first half was disappointing but I felt as though we did better in second half , passed the ball and created a few chances . "  It was a great pass by Daniel , I got a little fortunate with the finish but you 've got to be in the right position to score . "  Overall we 're delighted with three points and we now look forward to Sunday . We ca n't wait for it , we are high on confidence and have great momentum but United played well the other day . "  It 'll be a tough one but at Anfield we go in confident and hopefully we 'll get the result we need . " In a lackluster start , Daniel Sturridge dragged a shot wide of post for Liverpool before England international Adam Lallana fired a fierce half-volley right at Swansea goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski . From then on Swansea asserted control . Martin Skrtel had to be alert to clear as Swansea 's French striker Bafetimbi Gomis -- starting for the first time since collapsing on the pitch at Tottenham earlier this month -- headed at goal . Gomis then played a neat one-two with Wayne Routledge before forcing Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet into a fine low save . Next to threaten Liverpool 's net was Iceland international Gylfi Sigurdsson , whose effort was arrowing for the top corner before Mignolet intervened . Just before halftime Jonjo Shelvey , a former Liverpool player , went close with a shot from a right wing corner that was deflected wide by Alberto Moreno . But having had a chance to regroup , Liverpool came out galvanized after the break and were soon on the front foot . First Fabianski made a brilliant save to keep out Philippe Coutinho 's near post effort before the Pole was then in action again to deny Joe Allen . Though Liverpool were in the ascendency , its opening goal was down to a stroke of luck . As Henderson galloped onto a through ball Swansea 's Spanish defender Amat got there first , but his clearance ricocheted off the Liverpool player and into the net past Fabianski . From then on Liverpool did a fine job of squeezing the life out of the game and playing on the counter , striker Daniel Sturridge hitting the post late on as Swansea left gaps at the back . Reading seal Wembley berth In the FA Cup -- England 's premier cup competition -- second tier Reading sealed a trip to Wembley to face Arsenal in the final four after beating Bradford 3-0 . Goals from Hal Robson-Kanu and Garath McCleary inside nine minutes punished third tier Bradford , before Jamie Mackie added a third in the closing stages . Reading will face Arsenal in April while the other semifinal sees Aston Villa play either Liverpool or Blackburn , who meet in a replay .	Liverpool beats Swansea 1-0 in the English Premier League on Monday night A fortunate goal from Liverpool 's Jordan Henderson settles matters in Wales Brendan Rogers ' side moves within two points of Manchester United in fourth spot Liverpool extend good run to seven wins from its last eight EPL matches
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court will take another look at government regulation of air pollution in a high-stakes environmental and economic fight pitting the Obama administration against a coalition of states and utilities . The justices announced Tuesday they had accepted six separate appeals for review , which will be consolidated into an hour of oral arguments scheduled for early next year . A ruling is expected by June . At issue is whether the federal Environmental Protection Agency can tighten emission standards for stationary greenhouse gas sources , such as power plants , in what the government says is an effort to stem the effects of global warming . The high court in 2007 affirmed the conclusions by much of the scientific community that greenhouse gases are an air pollutant , but that case dealt with emissions from motor vehicles . A range of business groups say the agency then improperly extended its regulatory authority . Texas was among the states whose cases were accepted . Climate change to drive annual temps to new highs within a generation , study says The court rejected three other related appeals , including one from Virginia state officials : broader challenges to the EPA 's power over carbon emissions . Numerous environmental groups support the administration , saying the court 's acceptance of only one legal question was a positive sign . "  Today 's decision by the U.S. Supreme Court to deny numerous further legal challenges to EPA 's science-based determination that six greenhouse gases threaten our nation 's health and well-being is a historic victory for all Americans that are afflicted by the ravages of extreme weather , " said Vickie Patton , general counsel of the Environmental Defense Fund . "  Those decisions make it abundantly clear , once and for all , that EPA has the both legal authority and the responsibility to address climate change and the carbon pollution that causes it . " This is the second major environmental regulation case that will be heard this term . The justices in December will decide the EPA 's ability to measure emissions from an upwind state that is polluting a downwind state , requiring those upwind states to pay for greenhouse gas reductions . Many business groups hope the conservative majority will limit the reach of government in this and a range of regulatory areas , which the Chamber of Commerce and others say is hurting the economy and stifling innovation . "  The EPA 's illegal regulations threaten Texas jobs and Texas employers , " Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott said of the agency 's policies . "  As Texas has proven in other lawsuits against the EPA , this is a runaway federal agency , so we are pleased the Obama Administration will have to defend its lawless regulations before the U.S. Supreme Court . " The new cases are Chamber of Commerce of the United States v. EPA  12-1272  ; Texas v. EPA  12-1269  ; Southeastern Legal Foundation v. EPA  12-1268  ; Energy-Intensive Manufacturers Working Group on Greenhouse Gas Regulation v. EPA  12-1254  ; American Chemistry Council v. EPA  12-1248  ; and Utility Air Regulatory Group v. EPA  12-1146  . Test your knowledge of the Supreme Court	Coalition of states , utilities is challenging the government 's authority to limit air pollution At issue is whether the EPA can tighten emission standards for all greenhouse gas sources The government says the tighter rules are an attempt to stem the effects of global warming Business groups say regulations are hurting the economy and stifling innovation
Colombo , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Sri Lanka 's opposition presidential candidate accused the incumbent of intimidation , as early returns reported by state-run TV SLRC showed President Mahinda Rajapaksa leading the race . Candidate Gen. Sarath Fonseka accused Rajapaksa of intimidation during the country 's first peacetime presidential election in more than two decades and said his staff had received threatening phone calls Army soldiers and commandos tried to enter the Cinnamon Lakeside Hotel shortly after Fonseka and opposition party members arrived Tuesday , the former general told CNN . His security forces told the soldiers they could not enter the building , so they stayed outside , Fonseka said . Fonseka said he was not leaving the hotel , citing the armed soldiers outside . Several dozen armed soldiers lined the street of the Cinnamon Lakeside Hotel and surrounding area , checking cars driving up to the building in the nation 's capital , Colombo . "  He 's ignoring the constitution to remain in power , " Fonseka said of ally-turned-rival Rajapaksa . There was no immediate reaction from Rajapaksa 's government in response to Fonseka 's claims . The presidential election is the first since government forces put down a 26-year insurgency by Tamil Tiger rebels . And controversy mounted as vote tallying began . Earlier Tuesday , top politicians vowed to block Fonseka from taking office if he won because he is not eligible to vote . The government will fight the commissioner of elections in the Supreme Court on the issue of Fonseka 's eligibility , Foreign Minister Rohitha Bogollagama vowed . Fonseka admits he is not registered to vote ; 14 million Sri Lankans are eligible . What will Sri Lankan election mean ? Rajapaksa and Fonseka have waged a bitter battle against each other . Both men say they are winning the election . But early returns showed Rajapaksa was leading in the race , state-run television SLRC reported . Fonseka broke ranks with the Rajapaksa administration after he was elevated to the largely ceremonial post of chief of defense staff in July , following his retirement as army commander . After Fonseka announced his presidential bid , the main opposition parties -- with widely diverse political ideologies -- closed ranks behind him to make him their common candidate . The general is riding a wave of popularity after he led a military campaign to crush Sri Lanka 's Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam . The Tamil Tigers , as they are known , fought a brutal war for decades against the government and controlled large swathes of territory at the height of their power . Rajapaksa also claims war-hero status with the win against the Tamil Tigers last May . He is seeking a fresh mandate for his government , advocating for more development programs and jobs . And in his revised booklet , "  Mahinda Chinthanaya "  "  Thoughts of Mahinda "  , he campaigns to ensure a "  better tomorrow . " But in the lead-up to the election , the island nation just south of India has become host to escalating violence . Three and a half hours before Sri Lankans headed to the polls , explosions that residents said sounded like mortar fire were heard . While it was unclear what Tuesday 's explosions were , there have been more than 700 reports of violence ahead of the election , and at least our deaths reported , said Paikiasothy Saravanamuttu of the Center for Policy Alternatives , a branch of the Centre for Monitoring Election Violence . There have been allegations of interference with mail-in ballots , according to the group . Most of the complaints have been against members of Rajapaksa 's government , the center said . The spokesman for United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said last week that the U.N. chief was "  concerned about the growing violence in the lead-up to the presidential election . " "  The peaceful conduct of the first post-conflict national election is of the highest importance for long-term peace and reconciliation in Sri Lanka , " he added . CNN 's Sara Sidner and Iqbal Athas contributed to this report .	NEW : Early returns show Rajapaksa leading , state-run TV SLRC reports Fonseka accuses Rajapaksa of intimidation Politicians vow to block Fonseka , saying he is not registered to vote Presidential election is first since government forces put down 26-year insurgency
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- Five hundred kids screamed when singer Ne-Yo walked in on their holiday party on a recent Saturday bearing gifts and a message of hope . "  This is the first famous person I actually met , " exclaimed Tha Banks , 16 , with a huge smile . Banks , a sports fan , got a new football autographed by the R&B superstar . Banks is n't Ne-Yo 's typical fan -- he and the other teens at the party are part of Florida 's foster care system , all seeking a life free from neglect and abuse . For the past five years , Shaffer "  Ne-Yo " Smith has visited underprivileged children across the country , bringing toys , games , shoes and clothing as part of his charity 's annual "  giving tour . " Ne-Yo and his mother , who is president of his foundation , recently visited six cities in six days , bringing Christmas gifts to more than 3,000 kids at Boys and Girls clubs , group homes and in foster care . He also talks to the children about his personal experiences . "  I grew up pretty much like you all , " Ne-Yo told the teens at the central Florida foster home . "  We did n't have a lot of anything ... there was no silver spoon in my mouth . " A father of two himself , Ne-Yo said he sees his children in the faces of the kids he meets at these events . "  It 's hard for me to fathom any parent that would abandon their kids for whatever reason , " said Ne-Yo , the father of a 1-year-old and a 3-month-old . "  That does n't compute with me . " The holiday party was organized by the Kids House of Seminole County , which cares for 2,300 kids each year between the ages of 3 and 18 , including victims of neglect , and others who witness domestic violence , or experience physical or sexual abuse , according to Marcie Dearth of Kids House . "  This is an annual party that kids host every year , but we never have had the celebrity presence that we did this year , " Dearth said , calling Ne-Yo 's visit "  a lifetime experience . " The kids frost cookies and decorate stockings for the holiday season -- a tough time for these children , who are separated from their families . "  These events help fill that void , that excitement of the holiday spirit that all kids should have , " said John Cooper , assistant secretary of operations for the Florida Department of Children and Families . More than 400,000 children are in the foster care system in the United States , according to a 2010 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services report . With about 19,000 kids in foster care , Florida has the fourth-largest number of kids in state care , behind California , New York and Texas , according to the 2010 report . At the party , volunteers handed out wrapped presents donated by Ne-Yo 's charity , the Compound Foundation ; Toys for Tots ; Coca-Cola ; Mattel ; Ubisoft and other corporate partners . Destiny Molina , 15 , unwraps her gift : a box filled with bottles of nail polish . "  You know what 's funny , " she says . "  The girls at the other  foster  house stole my other nail polish , and I have been trying to buy it back . " She turns to her friend to ask what she got . "  Makeup , " replies Karla Hurtado , 16 . "  Oh that 's cute , " Molina says . Molina said this was going to be a good Christmas , something that does n't happen every year for children in foster care . "  We do n't have Christmases like this all the time , " she said , a little choked up . Ne-Yo told the room full of kids that he was living , breathing proof that you need to find something that you love to do and "  stick with it . " He said something that motivates yet frustrates him is hearing foster kids referred to as "  forgotten children . " "  All you need for success is drive , passion and one person to give a damn -- to give you a shot , " Ne-Yo said . "  And you have a room full of people like that . " Mercedes Noble , 17 , says she was grateful to meet Ne-Yo , who she said seemed to be a real person , just like her . The tall teen said foster care is not the best place to be at Christmas ; everyone would rather be with their families . Noble said , though , "  It 's way better to be here with people who love and care for us than be at home and probably getting beat . " With a big smile , the teen said , "  I appreciate that he took time out of his life and come and show respect to us , kindness -- let us know that we are still human , we are still people and we still need love . "	R&B star Ne-Yo brought holiday gifts to foster kids in six cities He and his mother run a foundation that helps underprivileged kids Ne-Yo , a father of two , tells the kids he also grew up without a lot of opportunities
CNN  -- Houston , Texas , police were investigating the death of a child whose burned body was found Tuesday morning in a drainage ditch . Police got a call from someone who initially believed the remains to be burned debris , said homicide Lt. Leslie Martinez . The body is about 3 feet tall , she said . The body apparently had been burned elsewhere and authorities were uncertain of the child 's sex . Houston police also are searching for a missing 12-year-old boy . The Amber Alert lists him as being between 4 feet , 8 inches tall and 5 feet tall . Police said they could not say whether the cases were connected until the body has been identified . CNN affiliate KPRC reported tests will be expedited , but results and a cause of death could take a few weeks . Jonathan Foster was last seen December 24 . Police Sgt. C.T. Mosqueda said authorities are treating that case as a kidnapping . Jonathan has short red hair above his ears and an overbite . He was last seen wearing blue jeans , a tan shirt with a picture of a guitar , white sneakers with red stripe and a gray zipped jacket with a hood . The alert said he may be in the company of an adult female with a raspy voice . The boy 's mother reported him missing about seven hours after he was last seen , police spokesman Kese Smith said . CNN 's Divina Mims contributed to this report .	Remains of child found in Houston , Texas Body had apparently been burned elsewhere Police say they do not know whether case is related to missing boy , 12
People in cars and on bikes whizzed by Moustafa Mohamad as he sat on a sidewalk in Washington one day not so long ago . Commuters poured out of the Dupont Circle Metro station and rushed by on their way to school or work . Tourists rumbled by on a double-decker bus . Mohamad hoped some of them paused to take notice of him . He hoped that somehow his presence on the sidewalk would help relatives and friends nearly 9,400 miles away , in his hometown -- the besieged Syrian city of Kobani . That city near the Turkish border has been the site of intense fighting for weeks between ISIS extremists and Kurdish forces backed by fighter jets and bombers from the United States and other countries . Mohamad longed to do what he could to help his fellow Kurds -- even from a great distance , in the relative safety of America . For a few recent weeks , that meant he sat on a sidewalk , refusing to eat and surrounded by signs . "  America : Support Kurdish boots on the ground , " one sign said . "  Stand up for freedom before it 's too late , " read another . A third told people how long he had been on hunger strike . "  I felt it was my duty to undertake this hunger strike to share the pain and suffering of the people of Kobani with the people of America , " he said from his perch on an overpass above Connecticut Avenue , strategically chosen for its foot traffic and proximity to a Starbucks . The 51-year-old Kurdish activist came to the United States in 1999 after seeking asylum from Syria . Mohamad had been a member of the Syrian parliament before he fled out of fear of becoming a target of political violence . He now lives in Denver , where he works at a pastry shop , with activism occupying all of his free time . On the sidewalk The 15th day of his hunger strike began like most others before that . Though it had been more than two weeks since he had eaten solid food , he remained in good spirits . He and a supporter , a Kurdish activist from Washington , unfurled banners . Mohamad went to a convenience store to stockpile Gatorade . He unfolded his chair and loaded his sustenance into a large gray cooler bearing a sign that said "  Slavery ... abolish it forever ! " Next to him stood a mannequin adorned in the brightly colored , beaded clothing traditionally worn by Kurdish women . At the foot of the mannequin sat yet another sign . This one said "  ISIS Slave Sale : $ 500.00 for Kurdish Women . " That 's a reference to an ISIS practice documented by human rights organizations : Members of ISIS have enslaved and sold women in parts of Iraq and Syria they have captured since their dramatic and bloody ascent . Most of the passers-by in Washington have no doubt heard news of the horrors ISIS has inflicted on people in Iraq and Syria . They may have heard that the terrorists in ISIS have beheaded people and gloated about it in online in gruesome videos . For many of them , what 's happening in parts of Iraq and Syria under ISIS control is a daily horror they hear about on the news . For Mohamad , it 's personal . Worrying about friends and relatives Many of his friends and family lived in Kobani when ISIS attacked this year , he said . "  My immediate family , the women and younger siblings , they all left for Turkey , " he said . "  The able-bodied relatives of mine are fighting . " He said militants kidnapped his nephew and held him for five months , forcing him to watch violent videos . "  He now prays five times a day , " Mohamad said . "  We feel he has been disturbed but we are lucky to have him . " He said ISIS also held two of his cousins for a time . His accounts are difficult to verify , but there is little doubt that ISIS has kidnapped Kurdish children . Human Rights Watch said in July that ISIS kidnapped 133 Kurdish boys and held them hostage for a month . "  Two of the boys who escaped told the media that ISIS was forcing the children to undergo lessons in Sharia and jihadist ideology , and one of these boys said that ISIS beat the children who misbehaved , " Human Rights Watch said . A Kurdish teenager told CNN in June that he was among dozens of students abducted by ISIS in May . He said he and the other students were on buses , riding home from school after final exams , when ISIS fighters in pickups stopped them . The boys wound up in an ISIS-controlled city , where they were forced to watch videos of executions and suicide bombings , said the teenager , Mohammed , who asked that his full name not be used for fear of his safety . "  If you try to leave , " he recalled the militants saying , "  we will cut your heads off . " Yet he said he and three other boys managed to escape after a few days . What can one person do ? Thousands of miles away in Washington , Moustafa Mohamad hoped his hunger strike cast a spotlight on the suffering of people like the Kurdish teenagers kidnapped by ISIS . Family and friends encouraged him to try a less hazardous form of protest , but he declined . Instead , he sat and passed out fliers to anyone who would take one and tried to promote an online petition calling for a humanitarian corridor into Kobani . Days turned into weeks . On Day 18 , a supporter surprised Mohamad with a rocking chair to replace his weathered folding chair . That brought a grin to his face as he nestled back into his new home away from home , blocking the erratic wind with a placard reading "  Fasting for Kobani . " On Day 19 , a Kurdish string duo strummed traditional music . Mohamad tapped his foot in rhythm , seeming to forget about his appetite for a short time . On his 22nd day of hunger strike , Mohamad held strong , exclaiming , "  My stomach has stopped ordering me around ! " His doctor admired his spirit but ordered him to wrap it up . So the next day , surrounded by friends and supporters , Mohamad enjoyed a bowl of lentil soup there on the sidewalk he had occupied for more than three weeks . His hunger strike was over . Did he accomplish anything ? Was it worth it ? Did he accomplish anything ? Mohamad mulled the question a few weeks after ending his hunger strike . "  In doing what I did , I was not only trying to share the suffering of my compatriots , but also pay homage to the likes of Gandhi and Dr. King , who thought if suffering has to be endured for the social good , the activists should undergo it first , " he said . A protest like the one he engaged in does n't lend itself to "  immediate metrics , " he said , so it 's hard to quantify whether his efforts made a difference . "  I may have reached thousands in person , " he said . A few news organizations told his story . So he reached people that way , too . Did it do anything to help people in Kobani ? That 's a hard question to answer , he said , but he has no regrets . "  Now that it is over , " he said , "  I am glad I was able to do my bit for the people of Kobani . "	Syrian Kurd living in U.S. goes on three-week hunger strike on Washington sidewalk Moustafa Mohamad wants to draw attention to plight of his hometown , Kobani He says his able-bodied relatives are fighting ISIS in Kobani Hunger strike is in the tradition of Mahatma Gandhi , Martin Luther King Jr. , he says
OPRAH.com  -- Every day , three women die as result of abuse -- that 's nearly 1,100 killed every year . "  That number might not mean anything to you ... unless the woman was your mother , your sister , your daughter , " Oprah Winfrey says . Young men who admit to hitting , kicking , choking and even wanting to kill the women they claim to love are opening up to Winfrey and giving an unprecedented look inside the minds of abusers . Men who have abused women reveal to Oprah Winfrey why they did it . Sir says the first time he laid his hands on his wife , Christy , was just weeks after their wedding . He says he got jealous after a party where she was dancing with someone else . "  It set me off . I remember walking up to her and smacking her full force , " Sir says . "  I grabbed her by her neck , and I kind of held her against the car . Then , I walked her over to the bushes and threw her in there , and I just started choking her . It was with every bit of rage , every bit of anger I 've ever had . " After the first incident of abuse , Sir says he held a gun to his head . "  It was very hard for me to come to grips with the man that I was , " he says . Sir promised Christy it would never happen again , and she forgave him . Though Sir swore to his wife that the abuse would stop , it continued for the next two-and-a-half years . Even while Christy was pregnant , she says Sir beat her to the point where she feared for her life . "  She did n't want to be intimate with me , she did n't want to have sex with me and I got very furious , " Sir says . "  I got on top of her and sat on her stomach . " Christy says Sir choked her and covered her nose and mouth so she could n't breathe . "  I was just thinking : ` Oh my gosh , I 'm going to die right now . Is this really happening ? ' " Oprah.com : 7 ways to end violence against women When he was in a rage and beating Christy , Sir says he did want her to die . "  I had every intention to take her life . I felt like I had power and control over something in my life , " Sir says . "  It made me feel invincible . " Luckily , Christy survived the abuse . "  By the grace of God , reality would come back to me as the rage would decrease , " Sir says . "  I look back now and I can see that at that time , when the rage would come , it was like tunnel vision . I would try and express my anger and my disappointment the only way I knew how . And that was through abuse . " Eventually , Christy left Sir and gave him an ultimatum -- either they would include Christ in their marriage or she would not return to Sir . "  I went home and gave my life to Christ , " Sir says . "  With that -LSB- freedom -RSB- came the relationship with my wife . It was so much better . " Sir says it 's been about two years since he last hit Christy . "  If one of our arguments were to progress and continue to escalate , instead of adrenaline , it 's knots , " he says . "  I 'll have knots in my stomach , and I 'll say , ` Okay , we have to stop talking . ' That allows me to step aside and pray and calm down . " Christy says that if Sir were to ever hit her again , she would leave . "  He has full knowledge of what he needs to be doing as a man and a father and a husband , " she says . "  If he 's not owning up to those responsibilities , then I 'm better than that , and my kids deserve better than that . " Oprah.com : What happens when children witness abuse ? Though Sir says the abuse has stopped , he admits it 's an everyday struggle . "  If I ever think I have it under control , I 'm in trouble , " he says . Though Sir ca n't speak for all men , he believes his own abusive behavior was triggered by his past . "  Kids are precious -- they record everything , " he says . "  I grew up in an abusive household , so I did n't know how to verbally communicate with my wife without putting her down . I did n't know how to verbally disagree with her and say , ` We do n't see eye to eye , ' and be okay with that . " Does Sir believe that every man who hits a woman once will hit her again ? "  I say yes because I hit -LSB- Christy -RSB- more than once -- there was a second occasion , there was a third , " he says . "  Do I think it 's a cycle that can be stopped ? Yes . " Tony is another man who admits to having abused a woman . In an e-mail to Winfrey , he said he beat a previous girlfriend so badly she bled . "  I could n't express myself verbally , so I would take it out on her physically , " Tony wrote . "  The thing that triggered me was that I was insecure as a person . To see her stare at another man , or to see her have a conversation with another man , or if she confronted me about anything , it enraged me . " Though Tony says he knew , even in the moment , that he should n't being doing what he was doing , he says he could n't stop . Today , he says he 's trying to make amends for his previous actions by speaking out against domestic violence whenever he can . " -LSB- I want -RSB- to say , by grace and remorse , that I 'm still here today , " he says . "  I made it through . " Tony says it felt like he "  blacked out " during the abuse . "  You do n't understand what 's going on , " he says . "  I completely own up to -LSB- what I did -RSB- , but in that rage , it 's like your brain wires , they are n't clicking . " He says being in an abusive relationship is like being in a drug addiction . "  It becomes like your bond in the sense that the woman is like cocaine inside of that relationship . That 's the only connection you have , because there 's no real love , " he says . "  In order to overcome it , it 's almost like you have to separate , go to rehab , move out of the dope house and never come back . " Although physical abuse is never acceptable , Sir and Tony say it 's the emotional abuse that leaves the deepest scars . "  The internal abuse , the demoralizing and demeaning of a woman , lasted longer than the physical abuse , " Tony says . "  The bruises heal . On the inside , you strip away their pride , force them to compromise their self-worth , their self-respect . " Tony says a grooming process tends to take place within abusive relationships . "  In a sense , you gain their trust , but it 's all lust and lies . The relationship is built on deception , " he says . "  They feel like you love them , and when you get close enough to them , you 're able to critique them and criticize them in a way that they feel like , ` He loves me , so I need to change this . ' " The grooming , Sir and Tony say , stems from the man 's own lack of self-worth . "  In public I 'm a very confident male ; at home I 'm very insecure , " Sir says . It 's an issue Sir says he and his wife are still working through . "  She still heals from the verbal abuse . I took almost every secret that she gave me to in an argument and threw it back at her as an insult , " he says . "  So it took awhile to kind of have communication . " Many people who have never experienced abuse wonder why it is n't easy for a woman to leave after the first time she 's hit . If a woman does leave immediately , would an abuser get the message ? "  Would a man continue to hit a woman who refuses to be hit ? " Winfrey asks . "  I think it 's different for each man , " Sir says . "  To me , it could have been reversed in the sense of , ` Okay , I 'm going to have to tame this now . ' Or the opposite is , ' I should n't have done that . ' " Oprah.com : How do we end the cycle of abuse ? From The Oprah Winfrey Show Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Oprah Winfrey : Nearly 1,100 women are killed every year as a result of abuse Young men who admit to abusing women offer insight into abusive behavior Abuser : "  I could n't express myself verbally , so I would take it out on her physically " Men say emotional abuse can leave the deepest scars
EW.com  -- "  Margaret , " the long-awaited second film written and directed by Kenneth Lonergan  You Can Count on Me  , has an offscreen history so fraught with drama it trumps anything in the movie . The tale of a ferociously precocious and high-strung Upper West Side Jewish girl , Lisa Cohen  Anna Paquin  , who witnesses a tragic bus accident , the film was shot at the end of 2005 . But Lonergan , contractually obligated to deliver a two-hour movie , fell in love with his three-hour version  so did Martin Scorsese , who is said to have called it a " masterpiece "  , and he refused to cut it . ` The Chew ' series premiere : It made me hungry , but will it make you watch ? Six years and several lawsuits later , Fox Searchlight is releasing a two-and-a-half-hour version of Lonergan 's film , which has been on the shelf so long that Paquin still looks like a teenager , Matt Damon  as her geometry teacher  is still skinny , and at one point someone imitates Bobcat Goldthwait . ` Pan Am ' premiere review : Lighter than air , but not bubble-headed ? So was "  Margaret " worth the wait ? Lonergan 's dialogue can sweep you up in a whoosh of personality and ideas , but it 's hard to see what , apart from ego , convinced him that this story was so epic . Lisa fixates on the accident because she was flirting with the driver  Mark Ruffalo  when he ran a red light and killed a pedestrian . First she lies about what happened , then she changes her story in a fit of guilt and rage . She makes the accident about her , which is why she must learn that it was n't . The trouble is , it 's a lesson we grasp all too early on . "  Margaret " may be the longest film ever made about the moral education of a selfish , annoying princess . B - See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Margaret " is the long-awaited second film by Lonergan -- shot in 2005 Six years and several lawsuits later , Fox Searchlight is releasing a two-and-a-half-hour version of the film "  Margaret " may be the longest film ever made about the moral education of a selfish princess
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Lillo Brancato Jr. , an actor who appeared in "  The Sopranos , " was acquitted of the 2005 killing an off-duty New York City police officer but found guilty of attempted burglary . Lillo Brancato Jr. appeared on "  The Sopranos " and played alongside Robert De Niro in "  A Bronx Tale . " Brancato , 32 , was also acquitted of two counts of burglary , but could face three to 15 years in prison on the attempted burglary charge . He has already served three years , according to his attorney , Joseph Tacopina . Police officer Daniel Enchautegui , 28 , was killed trying to break up a burglary attempt at his neighbor 's house in the Bronx in December 2005 . During the trial , Brancato said there was not a break-in . Brancato said he knew the owner of the home , and that he and friend Steven Armento , 51 , were drinking at a strip club when they decided to go hunt for valium . Brancato told the jury that the owner , a Vietnam veteran , gave him permission to come to his house and take painkillers or other pills whenever he wanted . Brancato admitted to breaking a window at the home , but said it was strictly because he was going through intense heroin withdrawal that night and he said he was trying to wake up his friend to get the drugs . When Brancato and Armento entered the home , the next door neighbor -- Enchautegui -- came outside to investigate . That 's when prosecutors said Armento shot the officer through the heart with his .357 Magnum . Armento was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in November . The jury in that trial took less than six hours to convict Armento . Enchautegui was shot in the chest by Armento when he interrupted the alleged robbery , but managed to shoot both suspects multiple times before dying . "  This jury spoke loud and clear , that Lillo had nothing to do with the murder of this police officer , " Tacopina said . Brancato appeared on six episodes of the hit HBO series "  The Sopranos " as a wannabe mobster in 2000 . As a teen , Brancato starred alongside actor Robert De Niro in "  A Bronx Tale . "	Lillo Brancato Jr. played a wannabe mobster on "  The Sopranos " Brancato faces up to 15 years for attempted burglary conviction Actor said homeowner allowed him to come and get drugs when needed As a teen , Brancato starred alongside actor Robert De Niro in "  A Bronx Tale "
London  CNN  Having been Tony Blair 's spokesman and strategist for a decade and more , having been at his side through election campaigns , wars and peace processes , political and personal crises , scandals galore , having spent thousands of hours facing down possibly the most questioning media on the planet , and having done thousands of talks and interviews since leaving TB 's side , I am very experienced in answering difficult questions . But right now , I am struggling and I thought a little bit of crowd sourcing with the highly intelligent men -- and especially the women -- who visit CNN.com might help . This is something I would never have considered before the advent of the blogosphere and social media , but where better now to start than at the home of the likes of Christiane Amanpour and Becky Anderson . So here is the situation . As you might know from a chat I had on CNN with Christiane last month , I have written my 11th book . It is called "  Winners : And how they succeed . " It looks at hyper-achievers in sport , business and politics , interviews some of the biggest and most successful names alive -- and analyses some who are dead -- and tries to draw general lessons for all of us . It is going very well thank you . Not least thanks to media interest and a host of events , at which it has been snapped up variously at gatherings for students , business people , football fans , environmentalists and political activists , it has gone within four days of publication to Number 1 in the UK hardback non-fiction charts . I would be lying -- something I am not prone to do whatever the haters may say -- if I said I was not seriously chuffed about this . As my former Downing Street colleague , now of Portland PR , Steve Morris , said at the launch : "  If you write a book called ` Winners ' and it goes straight to the charity shops , do n't be surprised if people call you a loser . " Fear of failure being a bigger driver for most of my interviewees than any joy in success , this was not something I was prepared to allow . So what is the problem as I look down from the top of the Sunday Times charts at those reviewers who said it was awful ?  I would incidentally have preferred no stars in the Mail on Sunday to the one that they gave me . Please take note for next time . The problem is women , or more precisely how I talk about them . At every single one of the nine or so events I have so far done about the book , and in several of the many interviews , I have been asked -- usually but not always by a woman -- a version of this same question : "  Do men and women win in different ways ? " And I do n't really know what to say . So help me please CNNLand . At the first event , hosted by the Financial Times , my partner Fiona and my daughter Grace were sitting in the front row , squirming as I told how I had written a chapter on the Queen , named German Chancellor Angela Merkel as the most impressive current political leader , interviewed and profiled U.S. Vogue editor Anna Wintour as my main voice on leadership , done the same with Arianna Huffington as a great innovator , talked to gymnast Nadia Comaneci about her "  perfect 10 , " and presented Paralympian athlete and Tanni Grey-Thompson and Australian surfer Layne Beachley as two of the best interviews about resilience . As Grace said afterwards -- well to be honest she heckled me at the time with the words "  shut up Dad , this is embarrassing , " -- I was answering a question I had not been asked , namely "  why are n't there more women in the book ? ' rather than the one I had been asked , "  do men and women win in different ways ? " At my next outing , in front of the amazingly bright international postgrad students at Hult International Business School , with Grace not there to heckle , but Fiona sitting three yards from me , the same question came again almost word for word . As the above names were reeled out once more I sensed I needed something more than a list . I needed an argument , the likes of which I used to specialize in framing and honing . So I waffled a bit about glass ceilings and how Fiona 's generation had won the battle for women 's equality in the eyes of the law but Grace 's generation needed to win the battle in terms of the culture of the land . I thought that was quite good , and dare I say a rather decent soundbite . But moderator René Carayol clearly did n't agree and handed his microphone to Fiona to ask her for her view . She said it was still a man 's world and women had essentially to do twice as many jobs as men . Men also did n't appreciate either that reality , or that it therefore becomes harder for a woman to win than a man in many sets of circumstances . She got a round of applause before the twitterati took to social media to say she had put me in my place . The row in the car on the way home was reasonably good-natured , considering my partner of 36 years was basically confirming I was not a new man and suggesting I talked absolute tosh about whether men and women win in different ways . At my next event , a Labour fundraiser , thankfully neither Fiona nor Grace could make it . So when the same bloody question came up again I started off with my list of names but stupidly mentioned the Queen first promoting a left-leaning chorus of "  for heaven 's sake she is hardly typical , " so that by the time I got to Fiona 's point , I was struggling again . God knows what would have happened if I had said Margaret Thatcher was in there , in the section comparing her leadership to David Cameron 's  sic  . But here is the thing . Afterwards a woman who shall be nameless -- but she does work for Harriet Harman , the chief architect of Labour 's new feminism and the proud leader of the pink campaign bus tour  which I love by the way  -- said this to me : "  You have to come back and do more in the campaign . Because I think there is something of a crisis of masculinity in UK politics right now . " In other words there 's me trying to get the right answer to a question that has genuinely been troubling me , and an arch feminist says I need to do more of the Alpha Male thing . You ca n't win , said I . So come on . Help me . This question has come up everywhere I have been . I have more events to do . I have more interviews . And the next time I sit down with CNN 's woman winners , Christiane or Becky , I need to have a better answer than the ones I have been deploying thus far . Free signed book and invite to a future event for the best suggestion . Either here in the UK now or in what I believe Americans call the fall when it comes out there .	Alastair Campbell wants CNN users to help him answer the question : "  Do men and women win in different ways ? " His wife told one audience it was still a man 's world and women had essentially to do twice as many jobs as men
CNN  -- Connectivity was the name of the game at this year 's Consumer Electronics Show , held last week in Las Vegas -- especially when it came to health-related products . From cloud-connected scales to music-connected sex toys , these gadgets rose above the rest as those that might really help you keep your New Year 's resolutions . Sleep soundly A small , lightweight band users wear on their heads during sleep , the Zeo Sleep System measures brain waves while you 're in dreamland , and will sync via Bluetooth with your smart device . Zeo 's free app plots out how many hours of quality snooze time you 're getting each night . Great feedback for our highly caffeinated , tech-obsessed society , it also plots out sleep quality based on behaviors you input . How much did those three glasses of vino affect your sleep ? How about that late night fast-food run , or actual run ? Zeo gives you concrete tips for improving your sleep routine based on your habits , and will even wake you up at the optimum time in your sleep cycle . The Zeo is available for a one-time purchase price of $ 99 .  No monthly subscription required . Body bands A bevy of body bands made a splash at CES this year , among them the BodyMedia Fit and the Basis Band . BodyMedia 's Fit monitoring system consists of a small electric band the user wears on his or her arm , that works in conjunction with a software interface that 's available on your smartphone or online . Users input their daily calorie intake , and the device monitors calories burned . The band uses sweat sensors , an accelerometer and skin temperature monitors to figure out how much exercise you 're doing , and for how long . It compares that to your food intake to give a picture of your daily health . The accelerometer knows when you 're lying on your back for hours at a time  presumably sleeping  , and adds that to your fitness picture as well . The Fit CORE is available for $ 149 , but requires plugging in to synch your data . The new Fit LINK is Bluetooth-enabled for wireless synching , and is available for $ 179 . Both products require a $ 6.95 monthly subscription to BodyMedia 's online dashboard . Similar to the BodyMedia 's Fit , the Basis Band adds real-time heart rate monitoring to the mix by using a optical engine that "  looks through the skin to see actual blood flow , " similar to the technology used in pulse oximeters  those little things they put on your finger at the doctor 's office . The Basis Band is also worn on the wrist rather than on the arm , and looks more like a trendy watch than a fitness monitor . The Basis is available for pre-order , shipping sometime this quarter ; and will be $ 199 . The price includes lifetime access to the cloud service and online interface -- no monthly subscription required . Smart medical devices Smart medical devices abounded on the expo floor this year . The Withings Wi-fi Body Scale , a sleek device that looks like an iPhone you can step on , connects with your iPhone , or other iOS or Android-capable phone . The scale measures your weight , lean and fat mass and calculates your BMI almost instantaneously . To keep things simple  and less depressing  , the display only shows your weight -- the rest of the information floats up to the cloud , and is available on your smartphone . The free app interface also lets you invite friends , family members or your doctor to view your progress ; and it will keep track of data for up to eight users . The Withings Wi-fi Scale is available for $ 159 , which includes lifetime access to the web and phone service . Unfortunately , just because this scale is cloud-connected , does n't mean you 're going to be any lighter . Withings also had another smart medical device : the iPhone Blood Pressure Cuff . Wrap it around your arm and then plug this bad boy into your iPhone , iPod touch or iPad . A small compressor in the device inflates the cuff , using power from your device . Once the reading is complete , the information is logged in a free app , and is available to send to your doctor for analysis and tracking . The cuff is available for $ 129 with no recurring monthly fees . California-based iHealth Labs also brought a Wi-Fi scale and blood pressure cuff to the table ; but a third product really caught our attention : the Smart GlucoMeter . As more of the connected generation starts dealing with diabetes , this high-tech tool may encourage diabetics to check their blood sugar more often . The device is simple : Plug a pack-of-gum-sized accessory into the bottom of your Apple device , insert a test strip , prick your finger  unfortunately , they have n't been able to eliminate that step  . Put a drop of blood on the strip . Within a few seconds , the device measures your blood sugar , and catalogs it for you and your doctor to track . The GlucoMeter is pending approval with the FDA , and should be available in the latter half of 2012 . The price has not yet been set . Health apps Just as cool as some of the hardware at CES was the software . "  Gamification " of health was a popular phrase on the show floor , and several companies weighed in with entries to that category . Among the coolest were ... UnitedHealth Group 's OptumizeMe is a social fitness app that lets you challenge friends and family to get healthy . The app allows users to make their own health challenges or select from a list of popular challenges . Among them : competitions to see who can walk the most steps in a day , who can be the first to run 100 miles , and who can eat their daily servings of fruits and veggies . The app allows you to add a prize for the top dog and share your results on social networking sites with friends . OptumizeMe is a free app , and it allows you to sync fitness information with your employer 's benefits plan if your company has United Healthcare coverage .  TimeWarner , CNN 's parent company , is a member of United Healthcare insurance coverage . This app is n't a new entry into the category , but a much improved one . Lose It ! is a weight-loss management tool that allows users to keep track of food and exercise on the go . The app has a catalog of thousands of the most popular foods , and all of the nutrition information for each of them . Popular new additions to the app include bar-code scanning of your favorite prepackaged food items , the ability to create and share custom foods and recipes with your friends , and a FourSquare-like badge-earning system , that rewards users ' daily entries , weight loss milestones , and sharing activities . Lose It ! is a free app , and will integrate data from many of the connected medical devices listed above into your health picture . The cool stuff There are a few other notable additions to the list , though they only sort of qualify as health devices . The 4Moms Origami Stroller is so cool , it might make you want a baby ! This "  iPhone of baby strollers " both collapses and rebuilds itself at the touch of a button , using on-board motors that are charged when the user pushes the stroller . It also features daytime-running lights , a cupholder , and a smartphone-charging pouch  using the same charge-as-you-push technology  . An onboard LCD screen monitors the weather , battery level and whether or not your child is in the seat -- critical info if you 're considering pushing the "  fold " button . But rest assured , the device is n't as scatter-brained as new moms tend to be , and wo n't fold if your bambino is inside . The origami is available for $ 849 . The Nest Thermostat gives some much needed love to the oft-neglected category of home heating and cooling interfaces . This $ 249 piece of wall art automatically learns your temperature preferences , and your comings and goings to make sure your house is cool when you want it to be . Users can also control the Wi-Fi connected device remotely via smartphone ; and special plastic technology enables it to pick up the color of the wall it 's on to blend in with your decor . And for those of you whose New Year 's resolutions included having more , uh , fun in the bedroom , the OhMiBod musical vibrators use an audio-enabled microchips to vibrate to the beat of your favorite music . The line features personal-use and partner-friendly devices ; even a wearable model to take with you to the clubs . This product was a little difficult to test on the show floor , though .	Zeo Sleep System gives you concrete tips for improving your sleep routine Withings Wi-fi Body Scale connects with your iPhone or Android-capable phone OptumizeMe is an app that lets you challenge friends and family to get healthy
Harper Lee 's "  To Kill a Mockingbird " celebrates its 54th birthday today , and for the first time , it 's available as an e-book . Since it was published July 11 , 1960 , the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel has sold more than 30 million copies worldwide and been translated into 50 languages . In 1999 , it was voted best novel of the 20th century by Library Journal . Until this week , though , it had never been available as an e-book . The story "  To Kill a Mockingbird " is a coming-of-age story about two children in the South , Scout and Jem Finch . While their lawyer father , Atticus , defends Tom Robinson , a black man wrongly accused of rape , the children are fascinated by a mysterious neighbor , Boo Radley . Through the trial and their experiences in their hometown of Maycomb , Alabama , Scout and Jem learn about racism and acceptance in the 1930s Deep South . The author Born in 1926 , Lee spent her childhood in Alabama before moving to New York when she was 23 . She struggled with odd jobs over the years and , in 1956 , decided to write full-time . She found a publisher interested in her novel and completed it three years later . In "  Mockingbird , " a 2006 biography about Lee , author Charles J. Shields , wrote that the novel is partially autobiographical , based on Lee 's childhood in Monroeville , Alabama . Similar to the young protagonist in "  To Kill A Mockingbird , " Lee was a tomboy whose father was a lawyer . Amazon 's 100 books to read in a lifetime The town where the novel takes place is based on her hometown , and the fictional trial in "  Mockingbird " closely parallels the 1931 Alabama "  Scottsboro Boys " trial . Lee has said that although she did n't want the trial in her book to be as sensational , her intent was to expose the longstanding racial disparities in the South . It 's also believed that she based the character of Scout 's playmate , Dill , on her childhood friend , Truman Capote . The two remained close as adults , and after the release of "  To Kill a Mockingbird , " Lee traveled to Kansas with Capote to research an article he was writing for the New Yorker . That article would later become his famous true-crime story , "  In Cold Blood . " The book The book was released in July 1960 and flew off the shelves , but critics had mixed reviews . Some praised it for pushing the envelope with its social commentary , while others found its characters , both black and white , to be poor representations people of the South and their lives . Although it 's considered a classic , the book is still among those challenged and banned in schools and libraries , often because of language or its themes around race . 5 best-selling authors ' favorite beach reads Although Lee humbly accepted the success and praise around "  To Kill a Mockingbird , " she 's always been reclusive , avoiding the spotlight and media attention . She began work on another novel in the early 1960s , but "  Mockingbird " was her only published work . Fiercely protective of the novel , she 's been involved in several lawsuits regarding copyright issues and unauthorized merchandise being sold in her hometown . The film and the future In 1962 , the novel was made into an Oscar-winning film starring Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch . Lee was pleased with the film adaptation , praising Peck 's portrayal of the small-town lawyer , and called the film a work of art . This year , Lee finally gave permission for the novel to be published as an e-book and digital audio edition e-book , saying , "  I am amazed and humbled that ` Mockingbird ' has survived this long . This is ` Mockingbird ' for a new generation . " Rosemary Murphy dies ; played Miss Maudie Atkinson in ` Mockingbird ' When did you first read "  The Kill A Mockingbird " ? Share your memories in the comments , on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living 's Facebook page !	"  To Kill a Mockingbird " was published this week in 1960 and was immediately popular Just this year , Lee gave permission for "  Mockingbird " to be released as an e-book The e-book version of the classic was released this week The book explores racism in the South through the eyes of children
LONDON , England -- Nihat Kahveci sent Turkey into the Euro 2008 finals behind defending champions and Group C winners Greece with the only goal in a narrow 1-0 victory over battling Bosnia-Herzegovina . Goalscorer Nihat gets a kiss from team-mate Altintop after Turkey sealed their place with a 1-0 win over Bosnia . The result ended Norway 's hopes of snatching qualification despite their 4-1 victory away to Malta with Steffen Iversen scoring a first half hat-trick . Nihat struck at the end of a first half that Fatih Terim 's Turkey dominated , yet the hosts were unable to build on that lead and had to endure some tense moments . Just a point had separated the third-placed Scandinavians from Terim 's men -- and Turkey needed to win to progress . Nihat led the charge forcing early saves from goalkeeper Adnan Guso and finally making the breakthrough two minutes before half-time . Hamit Altintop found space down the left and crossed for the Villarreal forward who finished from 12 meters . Iversen broke the deadlock in Malta after 25 minutes and fired a second from the penalty spot three minutes later -- completing his treble on the stroke of half-time . Michael Mifsud hit back for Malta after the re-start , but Andre Schembri was red-carded after 67-minutes before Morten Gamst Pedersen 's strike wrapped it up all to no avail . Portugal went through from Group A after a goalless home draw against qualification rivals Finland while group winners Poland completed their program with a 2-2 draw away to Serbia E-mail to a friend	Nihat Kahveci put Turkey into Euro 2008 with 1-0 win over Bosnia/Herzegovina Nihat struck at the end of a first half as Turkey joined holders Greece in finals Portugal joined Poland in qualifying from Group A with 0-0 draw with Finland
CNN  -- Bayern Munich maintained their unbeaten record in the Bundesliga with a hard-fought 3-2 win over Hertha Berlin at the Allianz Arena on Saturday . Pep Guardiola 's side endured a desperate start to the match , going behind to a goal from Adrian Ramos in the fourth minute before seeing both Tim Kroos and Arjen Robben go off injured with only a quarter of the match played . The two Mario 's -- Mandzukic and Gotze -- came on in their place and immediately set about changing the course of the match . Croatian striker Mandzukic equalized in the 29th minute heading home a Franck RIbery 's free-kick before adding a second headed goal six minutes into the second half . Gotze 's first Bundesliga goal for Bayern doubled their lead in the 54th minute only for Anis Ben-Hatira to pull one back for Hertha four minutes later thus ensuring a tense final quarter of the match . Bayern held on and maintain a one-point advantage at the top of the table over Borussia Dortmund who recorded a 3-1 win away to Ruhr valley rivals Schalke . Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang put the visitors ahead in the 14th minute with Nuri Sahin doubling the lead six minutes into the second half . Max Meyer halved Schalke 's deficit in the 63rd minute before Jakub Blaszczykowski sealed three points for Jurgen Klopp 's side with a 74th minute strike . "  We got off to a dream start in this really intense match , " Klopp said . "  A brilliant second goal and wonderful counter-attack for the third adds up to us deserving this victory . " Third-place Bayer Leverkusen kept pace with Dortmund after beating Augsburg 2-1 while Wolfsburg moved up to fifth and level on 15 points with Hertha following a 3-0 win against Werder Bremen . After a shocking run of one point from six games , Mainz finally scored a win , beating bottom side Braunschweig 2-0 to move up to 11th in the table . Hoffenheim recorded a thumping 4-1 win at Hannover to move up to 9th . Meanwhile in Serie A , Inter Milan move up to fourth after a 4-2 win against Hellas Verona at the San Siro while Sampdoria recorded their second win on the bounce beating seventh-place Atalanta 1-0 . Roma will look to continue their 100 % start to the season when they travel to Udinese on Sunday . Second-place Napoli entertain mid-table Torino , Juventus host Genoa , sixth-place Fiorentina are away to second-from-bottom ChievoVerona and AC Milan travel to Parma .	Bayern Munich stay top of Bundesliga with 3-2 win over Hertha Berlin Borussia Dortmund maintain pressure on leaders with 3-1 win at local rivals Schalke Inter Milan move up to fourth after a 4-2 win against Hellas Verona in Serie A
CNN  -- Shaquille O'Neal has donned many monickers during his basketball career , including Shaq Fu , the Big Aristotle , Superman and Shaqtus . This weekend , he will add "  Dr. O'Neal " to that list . The former NBA player will graduate from Florida 's Barry University on Saturday with a doctorate degree in education focusing on organizational learning and leadership . "  This is for my mother , who always stressed the importance of education , " O'Neal said . "  I am proud to have achieved a doctoral degree and wish to thank my professors and Barry University for helping make this dream a reality . I 'm smart enough to know that , even at my tender age , my pursuit of education is never finished . " The 7-foot-1 retired basketball star and NBA analyst is expected to be one of 1,100 students who will don graduation gowns at a ceremony in Miami , the school said . "  For the past four-and-half years , O'Neal pursued his doctoral degree in education while juggling the roles of athlete , student and entrepreneur , " Barry University said in a statement . "  He completed the requirements of the doctoral program while adhering to the grueling NBA schedule prior to his retirement last year as well as fulfilling commitments in broadcasting and business . " O'Neal graduates with a 3.81 grade point average and he completed 16 courses mostly using satellite classrooms and video conferencing , the university said . In addition to the championships under his belt , O'Neal has a Bachelor 's degree from Louisiana State University and an MBA he received in 2005 . He won three titles with the Los Angeles Lakers after forming a devastating partnership with Kobe Bryant , and added a fourth in 2006 with the Miami Heat . With 28,596 points , O'Neal is fifth on the all-time NBA scoring list and is second only to Michael Jordan on the all-time list of NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Awards . O'Neal retired last year after playing 19 NBA seasons .	Shaquille O'Neal gets a doctorate in education from a Florida university Saturday He graduates with a 3.81 grade point average "  This is for my mother , who always stressed the importance of education , " he says
Washington  CNN  -- With a series of potential disasters hovering over the nation like a demon storm , the most prominent words of a Washington-based word cloud would be : government shutdown , continuing resolution , debt limit and Obamacare . Although a potential shutdown and the need to raise the debt limit are different issues , they are interrelated and have one big thing in common : They are both products of a crisis manufactured by Washington . And both are being used for leverage in attempts to undermine Obamacare . So , what 's the difference between them and why should you care ? Government shutdown : Again ? Seriously ? First up , the shutdown The federal government 's fiscal year starts next week -- October 1 . And Congress ' one key duty laid out in the Constitution is to pass spending bills that fund the government . If it does n't , most of the functions of the government -- from paying the military to funding small business loans to collecting the trash in Washington -- could come to a slow-motion halt . It shuts down . This time around , the House of Representatives , led by conservative Republicans , has linked this funding process -- known as a continuing resolution -- to defunding President Barack Obama 's signature health insurance law , the Affordable Care Act or Obamacare . It passed its bill last Friday and sent it to the Senate . This week , the Senate is expected to strip out the anti-Obamacare provision and pass its own "  clean " version of the bill -- and then the drama begins . But more on that in a minute . What 's important here is that if Congress does n't pass the $ 986 billion continuing resolution , or CR , in the next week , the national parks could close , airport Transportation Security Agents might get furloughed and agents might be unable to process Social Security checks . 10 ways a government shutdown would affect your daily life Next crisis , the debt limit Remember that time when you maxed out your credit card ? That 's what the debt limit is all about . The U.S. is on the verge of maxing out its $ 16.699 trillion credit card . A maxed-out credit card does n't mean you can stop spending . While you have to pay your credit card bill , you also have to continue to buy groceries and pay the electric bill , so you might have to open up a new credit card . That 's similar to what the U.S. government must do . The government ca n't just stop paying on its previous debt or spending money , even though its credit limit is maxed out , because it has too many obligations to meet . It has to have access to money to pay for the interest on that debt , as well as pay soldiers ' paychecks , doctors ' Medicare reimbursements , expenses like bridge repairs , and so on . So the president must ask Congress to raise the limit of the country 's credit card , or debt limit . But many think Republicans in Congress may also try to link raising the debt limit to defunding Obamacare . Sound familiar ? Sometime around the middle of October -- unless Congress votes to raise the debt limit -- the U.S. government will be out of options . This past spring it already implemented "  extraordinary measures " where accounts were reshuffled to enable the U.S. to continue paying its bills . But this time , once the debt limit is reached , there are no other tricks Treasury can use . It wo n't be able to meet 30 % of its obligations , according to a report by the Bipartisan Policy Center . Although the government wo n't "  shut down , " many say the consequences would be much , much worse . Treasury Secretary Jack Lew predicted that impacts on the global and local economy would be "  catastrophic . " While the U.S. operates at a deficit , the rest of the world purchases U.S. debt . It 's considered one of the safest investments around , because it is believed that the U.S. will always pay its bills . But what if it does n't ? The U.S. will no longer be considered "  the most reliable creditor in the world , " said Shai Akabas , senior policy analyst at the Bipartisan Policy Center . In addition to potential financial panic because the most stable investment will no longer be considered safe , individual investors , hedge fund managers , other countries -- those who own U.S. Treasurys -- could start to turn to other countries for investments , and interest rates on Treasurys would start to increase . That means the benefits that U.S. consumers enjoy , including low interest rates on home loans , credit cards and business loans , would begin to erode . Fast . At home , it would also be devastating . That 80-year-old woman who relies on her Social Security check to pay her rent might not get paid . That means her landlord wo n't get paid . The doctor who sees Medicare patients wo n't get reimbursed , so he might not purchase that new flat-screen TV he was planning on buying next month . The government contractor who is owed for providing food at military bases wo n't get paid , and she will have to lay off line cooks . Obviously , this could be very , very bad . That 's why each side thinks the other will blink on Obamacare to avoid such a calamity . What happens if the government shuts down So what does Obamacare have to do with any of this ? In short : a lot . While the health care law is not directly tied to funding the government -- the CR -- or paying bills already incurred -- the debt ceiling -- it is being used as a powerful bargaining chip . A group of Republicans , led by freshman Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , despises the health care law so much that it is willing to risk government shutdown or default . While 41 previous attempts to repeal , defund or stop the law have n't worked , the group hopes efforts to link it to these two pieces of must-pass legislation will . That 's why there 's talk of a government shutdown . The House , which is controlled by Republicans , voted on a measure that would fund the government until December 15 -- but in exchange for keeping the government open , the health care law would be defunded . But the Democrat-controlled Senate vows that Obamacare defunding will have no part in efforts to keep the government running and is expected to strip that provision out of its version of the CR sometime this week . Cruz and his supporters are n't backing down . And neither is the president . "  I believe we should stand our ground , and I do n't believe  Senate Majority Leader  Harry Reid or Barack Obama should shut down the federal government , " Cruz said on "  Fox News Sunday . " "  The House voted last week to fund the federal government . If Harry Reid kills that , Harry Reid is responsible for shutting down the government . " But many within the Republican Party think Cruz 's idea is a terrible one . While Republicans have successfully extracted budget cuts from recent battles over government funding and the debt ceiling , most understand that a political poison pill like this is unlikely to succeed . Democrats control the Senate with their 54-seat majority . "  We are not about to shut the government down over the fact that we can not -- only controlling one house of Congress -- tell the president that we are not going to fund any portion of this , because we ca n't do that , " Sen. Tom Coburn , Republican of Oklahoma , said on CBS 's "  Face the Nation . " If Democrats win the battle over government funding and Obamacare stays intact , Republicans indicated they will make similar demands when the president asks to raise the debt limit . But Obama has repeated numerous times that he will not negotiate on the debt limit either . "  We will not negotiate whether or not America should keep its word and meet its obligations . We 're not going to allow anyone to inflict economic pain on millions of our own people just to make an ideological point , " Obama said at the Congressional Black Caucus awards dinner this past weekend . And even if Cruz and his supporters somehow overcame the Democrat-controlled Senate and successfully sent a bill to the president 's desk that defunds Obamacare , would Obama really sign a bill that guts his signature legislative achievement ? And so we have the showdown .	The federal government is facing a potential government shutdown next week Meanwhile , if debt ceiling is n't raised , the government will soon be unable to pay its debts Many are confused about the difference between the two and their link to Obamacare The Affordable Care Act is being used as a bargaining chip in both debates
CNN  -- Honduran authorities on Monday clashed with supporters of deposed President Jose Manuel Zelaya , but the extent of the unrest appeared limited . Zelaya supporters burn tires Monday near the presidential palace in the Honduran capital , Tegucigalpa . The Telesur TV network showed soldiers advancing on some streets of the capital , Tegucigalpa , and blue-helmeted police clashing with noisy demonstrators , one day after military troops detained Zelaya and sent him into exile . Other images showed troops , tanks and other military assets deployed around the presidential grounds . The station , a conglomerate formed by several Latin American governments and partially funded by the pro-Zelaya Venezuelan government , also aired images of demonstrators setting fires in the streets . Gauging the size and scope of the demonstrations and clashes was difficult because of limitations that journalists reported . Adriana Sivori , a reporter for Telesur , reported that she and other journalists were briefly detained and mistreated by Honduran soldiers . She was live on television as she described the troops transporting them at gunpoint . Two national television stations were taken off the air following Sunday 's military-led coup , and a third station told CNN en Español that its content was being limited by authorities . CNN en Español correspondent Krupskaia Alis , who witnessed Monday 's protests , said the demonstrators numbered in the hundreds . At least 15 were injured Monday , the newspaper La Prensa reported . iReport.com : Are you there ? Share your photos , videos The military deposed Zelaya early Sunday and flew him to Costa Rica . Roberto Micheletti , president of the Congress , was sworn in as provisional president . Zelaya had been at odds with the other branches of government over a referendum he wanted to hold Sunday . The nation 's Supreme Court ruled the referendum was illegal and Congress voted not to hold it . The Supreme Court also overturned Zelaya 's dismissal of Honduras ' top general , who said the military would not participate in the referendum . The court ordered he general be reinstated immediately . Zelaya disregarded those actions and vowed to hold the vote Sunday anyway . Watch details on "  curious situation " in Honduras " On Monday , Micheletti began to build his provisional government . He named seven new members to his cabinet , which he said will be in place until the planned presidential elections slated for November of this year . Micheletti , formerly the president of Congress , has said the change in power was not a coup , but a democratic process that saw the ousting of a president who had exceeded his power . The Honduran Supreme Court said after the coup that it had authorized the military action . The United States and most Latin American nations have condemned the coup , the first in Latin America since the end of the Cold War . While military interventions were once routine in Latin America , civilian governments have held sway across the region since the 1980s , and previously all-powerful militaries have receded into the background . "  That history is a thing of the past , and it should be buried so that it never happens again , " Jorge Arturo Reina , Honduras ' ambassador to the U.N. told CNN en Español , following a meeting of the General Assembly to address the issue . The head of the Organization of American States also condemned the coup . President Obama on Monday called the turmoil in Honduras a step backward from the "  enormous progress of the last 20 years in establishing democratic traditions in Latin America . " Watch what Obama has to say about the coup " "  We believe that the coup was not legal and that President Zelaya remains the president of Honduras , " Obama said . Though deposed , Zelaya continued to carry out his presidential duties , attending a special meeting of the leftist group ALBA , the Spanish acronym for Bolivarian Alternative for the Peoples of Our Americas , in Nicaragua . ALBA , founded by Cuba and Venezuela in 2004 to counter U.S. influence in Latin America , said member nations would withdraw ambassadors and top diplomats from Honduras until Zelaya is restored to power . Zelaya is expected to travel to the United Nations on Tuesday . Despite widespread condemnation for the coup , analysts see plenty of blame to go around -- and no easy solution . iReport.com : Are you there ? Share your photos , videos "  There are no heroes in this story , " said Larry Birns , director of the Washington-based Council on Hemispheric Affairs . "  These people are caricatures of rectitude rather than examples of it . " The Honduran Supreme Court , he said , is "  one of the most corrupt institutions in Latin America . " And Zelaya overplayed his hand , Birns and others said . "  Zelaya was part of the problem , " said Peter Hakim , president of the Inter-American Dialogue policy institute . "  He 's partly responsible for what happened . He was pushing too hard on a very fragile political institution . He was just plowing ahead against the wishes of every political institution , including his own political party . " Zelaya 's removal also raises larger issues for many fragile Latin American democracies . "  What happens when the Supreme Court decides against the president and the president ignores it ? Who enforces it ? " asked Robert Pastor , a Latin America national security adviser for President Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s . What happens next is clearly unknown . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Monday that an OAS delegation would travel to Honduras as early as Tuesday to begin working on restoring a constitutional government . That might not be an easy task . "  According to mainstream Honduran media sources , Zelaya 's removal has the widespread support of the political and business elite and the military , and it appears doubtful that he will be able to return to power , " said Heather Berkman , an analyst with the Eurasia Group consulting firm . "  An exit strategy is needed , " Birns said . "  But it 's going to be extremely difficult to come out with an exit strategy unless they get consent of key players like the national legislature . " Pastor holds out some hope . "  I do n't think it 's impossible , " he said . Said Hakim : "  You can never put the toothpaste back in the tube . But you can provide a peaceful transition process . " CNN 's Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Zelaya remains the president of Honduras , " says President Obama NEW : Journalists briefly detained , mistreated by Honduran soldiers New government declares indefinite curfew , shuts down media sources Politicians call for new government to be isolated diplomatically , politically
CNN  -- The mother of American hostage Abdul Rahman Kassig has sent a tweet appealing for a response from ISIS to the family 's pleas for his life . Paula Kassig of Indianapolis posted the tweet Thursday on behalf of herself and her husband , Ed , saying , "  We have tried to contact you directly to plea for the life of our only son , Abdul Rahman Kassig , and have not received any response . " She requests "  instruction " from the Sunni extremist group , which calls itself the Islamic State . "  Please tell us what more we can do so that Abdul Rahman may continue to serve and live his life in accordance with the laws of Islam . " Kassig has been held captive since being detained October 2013 on his way to Deir Ezzor , Syria , his family has said . Kassig , whose given name is Peter , converted to Islam while in captivity and started going by Abdul Rahman Kassig . Video killings ISIS has sought to sow terror by releasing videos showing the killings of four captives -- American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff and British aid workers David Haines and Alan Henning . In the video showing Henning 's killing , released October 3 , the terrorists threatened to kill Kassig . That prompted a plea from his parents , who had maintained silence about his capture since he was taken hostage . "  We ask everyone around the world to pray for the Henning family , for our son , and for the release of all innocent people being held hostage in the Middle East and around the globe , " the family said then . In the days after ISIS threatened Kassig , his parents pleaded with his captors to show mercy and free him . They released a YouTube video imploring them to "  use their power to let our son go . " ` How can we reach you ? ' His mother previously asked for information about her son in a tweet addressed to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . "  I am an old woman , and Abdul Rahman is my only child , " she wrote . "  My husband and I are on our own , with no help from the government . We would like to talk to you . How can we reach you ? " Kassig served with the U.S. Army in Iraq and returned to the Middle East as a medical worker . "  We each get one life and that 's it . We get one shot at this and we do n't get any do-overs , and for me , it was time to put up or shut up , " he said in a 2012 interview with CNN . He joined the Army in 2006 , deployed to Iraq the next year and was honorably discharged for medical reasons after a brief tour . He returned to the United States , got married , then divorced and eventually decided to help victims of war in the Middle East . Kassig founded a nonprofit group to provide first-response humanitarian aid to Syrian refugees , his family has said . He ran it from a base in Turkey in 2013 . "  I am not a doctor . I am not a nurse , " he said in the 2012 interview . "  But I am a guy who can clean up bandages , help clean up patients , swap out bandages , help run IVs , make people 's quality of life a little bit better . This is something for me that has meaning , that has purpose . "	Paula Kassig asks ISIS to respond to the family 's plea for her son 's life "  Please tell us what more we can do , " she says via Twitter Her son converted to Islam in captivity and took the name Abdul Rahman Kassig He was threatened at the end of a video showing the killing of UK hostage Alan Henning
CNN  -- Author John Updike , regarded as one of the greatest and most prolific writers in modern American letters , died Tuesday , his publicist said . He was 76 . John Updike won many literary awards . His books , such as "  The Witches of Eastwick , " were also best-sellers . Updike passed away Tuesday morning after battling lung cancer . He lived in Beverly Farms , Massachusetts . "  He was one of our greatest writers , and he will be sorely missed , " said Nicholas Latimer , vice president of publicity at Updike 's publisher , Alfred A. Knopf . Updike was a rarity among American writers : a much-esteemed , prize-winning author whose books -- including "  Rabbit , Run "  1960  , "  Couples "  1968  , "  The Witches of Eastwick "  1984  and "  Terrorist "  2006  -- were also best-sellers . Updike won the Pulitzer Prize twice : for "  Rabbit Is Rich "  1981  and its successor , "  Rabbit at Rest "  1991  . iReport : Share your tributes to John Updike The "  Rabbit " series , about an angst-ridden car dealer in a town much like Updike 's hometown of Shillington , Pennsylvania , spanned four novels , a novella and four decades . In the books -- which also included 1971 's "  Rabbit Redux " and a 2001 novella , "  Rabbit Remembered " -- onetime basketball star Harry "  Rabbit " Angstrom negotiates marriage , divorce , wealth and health problems , never quite understanding the larger forces shaping his life . "  Rabbit is not a character calculated to inspire affection , but he is an unflinchingly authentic specimen of American manhood , and his boorishness makes his rare moments of vulnerability and empathy that much more heartbreaking , " wrote Time 's Lev Grossman in naming "  Rabbit , Run " to Time 's "  All-Time 100 Novels " list . Updike was incredibly prolific , penning essays , reviews , short stories , poetry and memoirs . His works frequently appeared in The New Yorker , including a famed 1960 essay about Ted Williams ' final game , "  Hub Fans Bid Kid Adieu . " "  No writer was more important to the soul of The New Yorker than John , " said David Remnick , the editor of the magazine , in a statement . "  Even though his literary career transcended any magazine -- he was obviously among the very best writers in the world -- he still loved writing for this weekly magazine , loved being part of an enterprise that he joined when he was so young . "  We adored him , " Remnick continued . "  He was , for so long , the spirit of The New Yorker and it is very hard to imagine things without him . " The magazine said that Updike had written 862 pieces for it over the years , including 327 book reviews , 170 short stories and 154 poems . He was well-regarded in his adopted home state of Massachusetts . "  John Updike 's place among America 's literary greats is forever secure , as is his special place in every Red Sox fan 's heart for his magnificent ` Hub Fans Bid Kid Adieu , ' " Sen. John Kerry  D-Massachusetts  said in a statement . "  We honor his memory and his contributions , and Massachusetts today bids him a sad and wistful adieu of our own . " Updike never won a Nobel Prize , but one of his characters , Henry Bech , received one in "  Bech at Bay "  1998  . His works , particularly given their sexual content , could be as divisive as they were poetic . Many critics accused him of misogyny , and others accused him of using his graceful prose to cover thin subject matter -- and Updike put out his prose by the ream . "  It seems to be easier for John Updike to stifle a yawn than to refrain from writing a book , " the literary critic James Wood wrote in the London Review of Books in 2001 . But his frank discussion of sex also garnered him many readers , the cover of Time magazine  for 1968 's "  Couples "  and a lifetime achievement Bad Sex in Writing award from Great Britain 's Literary Review . He was criticized by Norman Mailer , hailed by fellow author  and Updike obsessive  Nicholson Baker in "  U and I " and even appeared as an animated version of himself on a "  Simpsons " episode as the ghostwriter of a Krusty the Klown book . " -LSB- I -RSB- was flattered to be asked to be one of the many voices that they worked into the endless saga of Springfield , " Updike said , noting that the hardest part of his performance was "  producing a chuckle . " John Hoyer Updike was born March 18 , 1932 , in Reading , Pennsylvania , and grew up in Shillington . From an early age he took to reading and writing , and earned a full scholarship to Harvard , where he headed the Harvard Lampoon . Upon graduation , he accepted a one-year fellowship to Oxford University in England . By the time he was 23 , he had been offered a position at The New Yorker , which was to become his literary home over the next 50-plus years . Updike 's first novel , "  The Poorhouse Fair , " came out in 1959 . The next year , in "  Rabbit , Run , " he introduced Angstrom , who was to become one of the most famous characters in American fiction . When introduced , Rabbit is a man fleeing his pregnant wife , the songs on the car radio reflecting both the era and his life . Over the course of the "  Rabbit " books , the character would routinely infuriate his spouse , mistresses and offspring , try to make things right , and never quite succeed . His attitude did n't help . "  Men are all heart and women are all body . I do n't know who has the brains . God maybe , " the character said in "  Rabbit , Run . " "  Rabbit , Run " was successful , as were Updike 's other '60s books , including "  The Centaur "  1963  , which featured a teacher much like Updike 's father , and the short story collection "  The Music School "  1966  . But it was "  Couples " that made Updike a household name . The book , about a group of spouses engaging in the sexual revolution in suburban Massachusetts , became a No. 1 best-seller . Updike 's interests ranged widely . He wrote about an African state in "  The Coup "  1978  . He discussed the relationship between science and religion in "  Roger 's Version "  1986  . He revisited "  Hamlet " in "  Gertrude and Claudius "  2000  . And he created a group of promiscuous witches in "  The Witches of Eastwick "  1984  , which became a hit movie in 1987 starring Jack Nicholson as the devil . Though Updike 's work routinely sold well , he was painfully aware of the decline of what 's come to be called "  literary fiction . " In a 2000 interview with Salon , he lamented its difficulties . "  When I was a boy , the best-selling books were often the books that were on your piano teacher 's shelf . I mean , Steinbeck , Hemingway , some Faulkner . Faulkner actually had , considering how hard he is to read and how drastic the experiments are , quite a middle-class readership , " he said . "  But certainly someone like Steinbeck was a best-seller as well as a Nobel Prize-winning author of high intent . You do n't feel that now . " And yet , Updike himself never lost his zest for the written word , and the pleasure brought by jotting , tuning , refining -- creating -- a new story , even as the years drifted by . "  An aging writer has the not insignificant satisfaction of a shelf of books behind him that , as they wait for their ideal readers to discover them , will outlast him for a while , " he wrote in AARP The Magazine late last year . "  The pleasures , for him , of book-making ... remain , and retain creation 's giddy bliss . Among those diminishing neurons there lurks the irrational hope that the last book might be the best . " Updike 's most recent novel , "  The Widows of Eastwick , " came out in 2008 . A collection of stories , "  My Father 's Tears and Other Stories , " is due out later this year .	John Updike , author of "  Rabbit " books and "  The Witches of Eastwick , " dies Updike , 76 , had been suffering from lung cancer Pulitzer Prize winner was titan of American letters
Shezanne Cassim , the American jailed in the United Arab Emirates after posting a video parody , was sentenced Monday to one year in prison and a fine of 10,000 UAE dirhams  approximately $ 2,700  . The young American living in the UAE has been imprisoned since April , his family says , for posting what was intended to be a funny video on the Internet . He was accused of defaming the UAE 's image abroad , according to The National , the country 's main English-language newspaper . The video in question is a 19-minute short that pokes fun at a clique of Dubai teens who are influenced by hip-hop culture . In the 1990s , the label "  Satwa G " was coined for a group of suburban teens who were known to talk tougher than they really were . The video depicts a look at a "  combat school " in the suburb of Satwa , where these "  gangsters " are trained . The training includes how to throw sandals at targets , using clothing accessories as whips , and how to call on the phone for backup . Tight-lipped about charges Cassim 's family says the 29-year-old has been charged with endangering national security . The charges were not read out in court . UAE officials would only say "  Mr. Cassim was charged under the UAE 's penal code . Anyone charged with a crime under the laws of the UAE is entitled to the fair trial protections contained in the UAE 's constitution . " Cassim , from Woodbury , Minnesota , moved to Dubai in 2006 after graduating from college to work for PricewaterhouseCoopers . He and some friends made and posted the video online in 2012 . He was arrested in April . He was interrogated and arrested in Dubai before being transferred to a maximum security prison in Abu Dhabi . His family says it was five months before he was notified of the charges against him . ` It was just for fun ' In an interview with CNN on December 5 , Cassim 's brother , Shervon , said Shezanne had made the video for fun . "  It was just for fun . It was -- he 's a big fan of sketch comedies . He 's a big fan of ` SNL , ' ` Funny or Die , ' all those shows , and he and his friends just wanted to make a funny sketch comedy in their spare time , " Shervon Cassim said . "  There was no indication in local law that making a comedy video , making fun of teenagers in the suburbs , was a threat to the UAE 's national security . " Family members said they had spoken to him when he was allowed a phone call out . "  He tries to put on a brave face , " Shervon Cassim said . "  He said that he was doing fine , not to worry about him , but I could just sense that he 's a little depressed -- my impression is that he 's going just a little bit crazy in his cell . "	Newspaper says Cassim is accused of defaming the UAE 's image abroad The video in question is a 19-minute short that pokes fun at a clique of Dubai teens UAE officials have not said much about the charges Cassim 's family says he was in prison for five months before being told of the charges
Washington  CNN  -- State Department analysts raised questions about the psychological state and health of Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner , according to a December 2009 cable recently published by WikiLeaks . The analysts were curious about the "  interpersonal dynamics " of the president and her husband Nestor Kirchner , who was also his wife 's immediate predecessor as president . The cable , which was sent from the secretary of state 's office and signed by Hillary Clinton , said that the analysts had "  a much more solid understanding of Nestor Kirchner 's style and personality than we do of Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner , " and wanted to develop "  a more well-rounded view " of the then-president 's personality . Among the questions put to the U.S. Embassy in Buenos Aires was a series about President Fernandez de Kirchner 's mental state and health : how she managed her nerves and anxiety , how stress affected her behavior toward advisers and decision-making , whether she was on medications , and how she calmed down when distressed . The cable also asked about President Fernandez de Kirchner 's approach to dealing with problems , and whether she shared her husband 's "  adversarial view of politics . " It also asked about how the Argentine first couple divided up their day and on what issues each of them took the lead or deferred to the other . The 2009 cable also asked about the health of former President Kirchner . He died of an apparent heart attack in October . President Fernandez de Kirchner was elected to office in October of 2007 , at the same time then-Sen . and former first lady Clinton was seeking the Democratic nomination for the 2008 presidential election in the United States .	WikiLeaks published a 2009 State Department cable about Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner U.S. analysts were seeking "  a more well-rounded view " of her personality Fernandez de Kirchner was elected president of Argentina in 2007
CNN  -- Former World No. 5 Anna Chakvetadze is making her latest comeback after a 2011 marred by illness and capped with an unsuccessful bid to win election to Russia 's Duma . Chakvetadze 's problems began when she dramatically collapsed on court while leading World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki in a second round match in Dubai . "  When I got sick in Dubai I was in very good shape , " Chakvetadze told the official WTA website . "  I was finally enjoying the way I was playing . I was feeling the ball great . I had found my game again and was really ready to compete . But then I got sick . " She was to play only three main draw matches in the remainder of the year , slipping to 234 in the rankings , before the illness was diagnosed as an inflammation of the inner year which caused dizziness and effected her balance . "  I 'm 100 per cent healthy now . It does n't bother me anymore . I 'm completely over it . " Former World No. 1 Safin elected to Russian federal parliament While away from tennis , the 24-year-old dabbled in politics , standing for the Right Cause Party in December 's elections . But with her party polling less than one per cent in the election , for now Chakvetadze 's political ambitions are on hold . "  I met some new people and really enjoyed myself . It was great to try myself in a different world . "  While I will do something if my party asks me to , right now my priority is sport . I spend my days on the tennis court . Tennis comes first for me , " she said . Chakvetadze will head to Hobart in Tasmania for the first tournament of 2012 ahead of a tilt at the Australian Open later in January . She reached her career-high ranking in 2007 when she won four tournaments and made the semifinals of the U.S. Open . But in December of that year she suffered a horrifying ordeal when her home was burgled and the intervening years have been marked by a series of injuries and loss of form . In other tennis news Tuesday , Alex Corretja , former coach of British star Andy Murray , has been named captain of Spain 's Davis Cup team . Corretja replaces Albert Costa , who quit earlier this month after leading Spain to triumph in the 2011 final against Argentina . The 37-year-old Corretja will have to take charge of their title defense without Rafael Nadal and David Ferrer , who have decided not to take part in the 2012 Davis Cup .	Anna Chakvetadze returns to WTA action in Hobart in January Former World No. 5 collapsed on court while playing Caroline Wozniacki in Dubai Chakvetadze made unsuccessful bid to win election to Russia 's Duma Alex Corretja named captain of Spain 's Davis Cup team
CNN  -- A Catholic priest , facing criminal charges and a lawsuit alleging that he sexually abused a teenage boy , is now charged with attempting to hire someone to kill the youth , authorities said Tuesday . The Rev. John M. Fiala was in the Dallas County , Texas , jail on Tuesday , charged with one count of criminal solicitation to commit capital murder , according to the Texas Department of Public Safety and the jail 's website . He also is charged with two counts of aggravated sexual assault of a child . His bail totals $ 700,000 . Fiala , 52 , of Dallas , was out on bond on other sexual assault charges involving the youth , now 18 , when he allegedly attempted to negotiate the boy 's murder , said Tom Rhodes , the teen 's attorney . He was arrested last week after he offered an undercover agent with the Texas Department of Public Safety $ 5,000 to kill the teen , according to department spokeswoman Lisa Block . "  This guy , " Edwards County Sheriff Don Letsinger said , "  is an evil man . " A call to Rex Gunter , the defense attorney listed in jail records for Fiala , was not immediately returned Tuesday . The youth met Fiala in 2007 , according to Rhodes . The attorney said the priest started "  grooming him , " buying him gifts including a computer and a car . In early 2008 , when the boy was 16 , under the guise of providing private catechism lessons , Fiala "  gained access to him and began to sexually abuse him once or twice a month , including on church grounds , " Rhodes said . At the time , Fiala was administrator of Sacred Heart of Mary in Rocksprings , Texas , which is in Edwards County . The alleged abuse occurred in two counties -- Edwards and Howard -- and included the youth 's rape at gunpoint , the attorney said . Fiala allegedly threatened to kill the youth if he told anyone -- threats he repeated in daily text messages , Rhodes said , and Fiala also threatened to kill himself , telling the teen they would "  go to heaven together . " The teen , after struggling with the abuse , told a school counselor , who notified authorities , Rhodes said . He filed suit in April against Fiala , as well as the archdioceses of San Antonio , Texas , and Omaha , Nebraska -- where Fiala was before Texas -- and Fiala 's religious order , the Society of Our Lady of the Most Holy Trinity , the attorney said . The suit claims that all three covered up Fiala 's record of abuse . All three have denied doing so , according to the San Antonio , Texas , Express-News . When former San Antonio Archbishop Jose Gomez and the religious order learned of the police investigation into Fiala 's relationship with the teen , he was removed from active ministry in October 2008 , the newspaper reported . In September , an Edwards County grand jury indicted Fiala on three counts of aggravated sexual assault of a child and one count of aggravated sexual assault by threat , according to the Express-News . Fiala was arrested in Kansas by a fugitive task force and was extradited to Texas , where he posted bail on September 27 , according to the newspaper . He then moved to Dallas County . A grand jury in Howard County handed up an indictment last week on the two aggravated sexual assault charges , the Express-News said . Meanwhile , "  approximately a week ago , we got an anonymous phone call from someone saying , ` Look , I 'm living in a building with this guy , and he 's talking about killing this young man , ' " Rhodes said . "  Our response was , ` You need to call police . ' " Letsinger said he got a call November 11 from the neighbor . The man at first just told authorities they should "  be looking at this guy , " the sheriff said , but later said Fiala had offered him $ 5,000 to kill the teenager . The allegation surprised him , Letsinger said . The Department of Public Safety and its Texas Ranger Division got involved , sending the undercover agent to speak with Fiala , Rhodes said . The conversation was caught on video and audiotape . Rhodes said his client was relieved to hear of Fiala 's arrest . He was attending college but had to withdraw and be spirited away somewhere safe because of the threats , he said . "  He 's still very afraid , but he is hoping that this time Fiala will stay behind bars , " Rhodes said . A hearing on the lawsuit was held Monday , he said . The Omaha diocese had argued it should be sued in Nebraska rather than Texas . The judge rejected that argument , Rhodes said . "  I think he 's cooked his goose now , " Letsinger said of Fiala . "  We know that pedophiles sometimes threaten their victims to keep them quiet . But this is kind of an older victim , and you wonder sometimes why they would n't come forward . ... I can see now the evil in this guy is pretty bad . "	John Fiala is jailed on $ 700,000 bail He allegedly offered an undercover agent money to kill the teenager Fiala also faces multiple sexual abuse charges "  This guy is an evil man , " sheriff says
CNN  -- A U.S.-run detention center housing 3,000 people will move to Afghan control under a crucial agreement signed Friday that smooths the way toward a larger agreement on the United States ' future role in the country . The agreement , which calls for the gradual transfer of power from U.S. forces to Afghanistan over six months , removes one key sticking point from negotiations over a broader agreement on the role of the United States in Afghanistan after foreign combat troops withdraw in 2014 . Negotiations over the wide-ranging strategic agreement have been going on for more than a year , with little progress . Tensions between the two countries , made worse by the February burning of Qurans by U.S. troops at Bagram Air Base , have complicated the talks . In November , a loya jirga , or grand assembly of Afghan elders , endorsed the continued presence of U.S. forces after combat operations , but only if the countries could agree on the transfer of prisoners , an end to night raids and eliminating immunity for U.S. troops accused of committing crimes in Afghanistan . U.S. and Afghan officials have already begun talks on the other major issue gumming up the larger agreement : night raids by U.S. special operations forces , according to U.S. and Afghan officials who jointly briefed reporters . "  The signing of this memorandum is an important step forward in our Strategic Partnership negotiations and very much in keeping with both the Loya Jirga 's recommendations and the desires of President  Hamid  Karzai , " said U.S. Gen. John Allen , commander of the International Security Assistance Force . Karzai has repeatedly called for the end of U.S. oversight of detention facilities in the country . On Friday , his spokesman , Aimal Faizi , called the agreement "  big progress . " "  Things are happening as we wanted , " Faizi said . U.S. Ambassador Ryan Crocker said the memorandum of understanding , or MOU , demonstrates the United States ' commitment to Afghan sovereignty and its partnership with Afghanistan , despite ups and downs in the tense relationship between the two countries . "  We have had our challenges , and there will be challenges ahead as we continue negotiations on the framework for our strategic partnership , but this MOU marks an important step forward , " he said . The agreement calls for the United States to transfer all of the approximately 3,000 Afghan citizens currently held under U.S. guard at the Parwan detention facility near Bagram Air Base to Afghan authorities within six months . The first 500 detainees would be transferred within 45 days , according to the agreement . Transferred detainees will eventually be moved to new facilities being built in Parwan and Pol-I-Charki , but until then will be moved from the U.S. side of Parwan to the Afghan side of the center . Although detainees would be held by Afghanistan , U.S. forces would remain at Parwan in a "  technical advisory and logistical support " role , the officials who briefed reporters said . Afghan commanders also would not have the authority to release detainees on their own , according to agreement . Any request to release a prisoner would have to be agreed to by a joint committee headed by the ISAF commander and the Afghan defense minister , according to the agreement . The deal does not apply to about 50 non-Afghan prisoners being held at Parwan . Their fate was unclear . The officer currently responsible for prison protection , identified by Defense Ministry spokesman Gen. Zahir Azimi as Gen. Safiullah , will take over the Parwan facility , which is the successor to one demolished in 2009 after allegations of abuse . That facility , called the Bagram Theater Internment Facility , was the site of abusive interrogation that ended in the deaths of two detainees in 2002 , according to Amnesty International , which has described abusive treatment of detainees at the facility as common . While the new center has not seen that level of scandal , Amnesty International and other groups have continued to challenge conditions of detention at the facility , including seeking access to U.S. courts for those held at Parwan . The group also complained in 2010 about allegations of abuse , including isolation , sleep deprivation and exposure to extreme temperatures , at a screening facility at Bagram Air Base . The Bagram base was also the site of the recent Quran burnings that set off a wave of protests and violence targeting NATO troops . The Muslim holy books had been seized from a detainee center and allegedly contained militant annotations . U.S. President Barack Obama apologized for the incident , saying it was inadvertent .	United States and Afghanistan reach deal to transfer detainees The deal removes one hurdle to a larger deal on the U.S. role after 2014 That 's when combat troops are scheduled to leave the country The United States is holding more than 3,000 detainees at the Bagram Air Base
CNN  -- It cuts through plastic ! It burns holes in walls ! It ... tells time ? Like something out of a James Bond film , it 's a watch -- equipped with a laser . Its inventor , Patrick Priebe , built it during downtime from his full-time gig creating props and modestly describes it as a "  tiny watch made of garbage . " Still , Priebe 's laser watch has attracted its share of attention for being an entertaining , if mildly dangerous , bit of technology .  It will burn skin if the wearer is n't careful . On a YouTube video , the German tinkerer activates the laser and pops a handful of balloons , lights a few matches and burns through a compact-disc case . The video has picked up more than 700,000 views since Priebe posted it five days ago -- not bad , though not as much as his Spider-Man "  Webshooter "  2.1 million views  or his laser cannon prototype  1.3 million  . Priebe , who runs a firm called Laser Gadgets , said he made the watch out of "  leftovers . " "  I found a piece of leftover tubing , and I put it on my wrist and I realized it looked like a watch already , " he said from his home near Cologne . After molding the tubing a bit more , "  all I had to do was file down the edges to make the time module fit and cut something out for the laser module on the side , and it fit right away . It 's just my style , putting things together without a plan . " The laser watch has been compared to a James Bond device , but Priebe says it was n't inspired by a particular Bond film -- not even "  Goldfinger , " with its famous scene of the villain aiming a laser at Bond 's crotch . Instead , it was a Nintendo game of "  GoldenEye , " the video game based on the 1995 Pierce Brosnan Bond movie . "  I 'm not really a Bond fan , " Priebe said , admitting that he prefers science fiction . Priebe , a former lab technician , is a now a full-time prop builder who 's constructed pieces for the TV show "  Warehouse 13 , " among other projects . He also makes money from YouTube views and been caught off-guard by the interest in the laser watch . He likes to personally answer YouTube comments and e-mail queries , and has gotten backed up with both . Incidentally , if you 're interested in buying the watch -- you budding Dr. Evil , you -- too bad . It 's not for sale , Priebe says . "  There are some limits , " he said . "  I always say I do n't make weapons . I just make toys . "	Inventor attaches laser module to a timepiece Watch is capable of popping balloons , burning through plastic Creator Patrick Priebe makes props for a living , did watch on downtime
CNN  -- The chief operating officer of the National Children 's Museum was arrested Tuesday and is charged with distributing child pornography over the Internet , authorities said . Robert A. Singer is accused of sending images depicting child pornography to people he believed to be a 12-year-old girl and her 33-year-old mother , according to a statement issued by U.S. Attorney Michael Garcia of the Southern District of New York . In reality he was communicating with an undercover detective for the New York Police Department . Some of the pornographic images were sent from Singer 's computer at the museum , according to an affidavit filed in support of the charges by a special agent who investigates child pornography and child exploitation for U.S. Immigrations and Customs Enforcement . The Washington museum posted a message on its Web site saying officials there are "  horrified " by news of Singer 's arrest . They reported that he has been suspended from his post , effective immediately , and is barred from the property . Singer , 49 , was arrested at his home in Falls Church , Virginia , by federal agents , according to the prosecutors ' statement . Authorities allege he engaged in several instant messaging "  chats " and e-mail communications with the undercover detective , posing as the woman and her daughter , from August to September . He is charged with five counts of distributing child pornography in interstate commerce . If convicted on each count , he would face a sentence of up to 140 years in prison -- up to 20 years for the first count and up to 40 years for each additional count , prosecutors said . Singer allegedly initiated contact with the undercover detective , posing as the mother , in an America On Line chat room called "  Cuties . " The chat room attracts people who "  are known to trade in pornographic images , including child pornography , " according to an affidavit filed in the case by a special agent who investigates child pornography and child exploitation for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement . "  On five separate occasions in August 2007 , Singer sent several images of child pornography over the Internet to the mother and the daughter , including images depicting sexual acts between minors and adults and images depicting known victims of child exploitation , " prosecutors said . In his communications with the supposed daughter , Singer pretended to be a 15-year-old boy , authorities said . In August 2007 , he sent her two images featuring child pornography , according to the affidavit , with the instruction , "  just delete it when you are done . " A search of Singer 's AOL account activity showed that from July to September , he sent about 80 images featuring child pornography to people including the detective , authorities said in the statement . Also , the search revealed that he had received about 10 images and one video depicting child pornography . Singer was expected to appear before a U.S. magistrate judge later Tuesday . He is identified in the complaint as a spokesman for the National Children 's Museum , but a spokeswoman who asked not to be identified said he was promoted to chief operating officer within the past few months . He has been employed by the museum for four years , she said . In a written statement , the museum said it was notified by the Department of Homeland Security and ICE of Singer 's arrest . "  We are horrified by the charges , " the statement said . "  This news is deeply upsetting to the National Children 's Museum family . " "  As its essence , the National Children 's Museum is about enriching the lives of children , " the statement said . "  We are educators , child advocates and parents . Anyone who does anything that might endanger the welfare of a child has no place here . Harming children is against everything we stand for as an organization and as individuals . " The museum , formerly known as the Capital Children 's Museum , has been closed to the public since 2004 , and operates from administrative offices , the statement said . A new facility is being built and is scheduled to open in 2012 . E-mail to a friend	Robert A. Singer is accused of e-mailing child porn to 12-year-old girl 12-year-old girl was actually undercover New York City detective Singer was identified in court document as National Children 's Museum spokesman Washington museum officials say they are "  horrified " by the charges
CNN Student News  -- Students will learn about the champions of voting rights in the United States . Procedure Guide a discussion in your classroom about the importance of suffrage , or the right to vote . Point out to your students that initially , only white male property owners could vote in the United States , but that amendments to the Constitution and federal legislation gradually removed barriers to voting . Direct your students to the CNN Student News One-Sheet : Right to Vote , and have each student select a suffrage milestone from the list . Have students research the history of their milestones using the Internet and other sources . Pose the following questions to guide students ' research : Have each student draw upon his or her research to assume the role of one of the champions in the fight for suffrage . Instruct students to either deliver a first-person account defending a disenfranchised group 's right to vote , or present a written editorial supporting the group 's cause . Extension : Challenge your students to use original video , music , animation and other production elements to create their own "  Talking Democracy " iReports that creatively explain or demonstrate the right to vote . The videos should be three minutes or less in length and can be submitted here . The best videos may appear on CNN Student News ! Correlated Standards CIVICS I . What Are The Foundations Of The American Political System ? 1 . The American idea of constitutional government 7 . Fundamental values and principles 8 . Conflicts among values and principles in American political and social life 9 . Disparities between ideals and reality in American political and social life V . What Are The Roles Of The Citizen In American Democracy ? 1 . The meaning of citizenship 2 . Becoming a citizen 4 . Political rights 8 . Civic responsibilities The National Standards for Civics and Government  http://www.civiced.org/index.php?page=stds  are published by the Center for Civic Education  http://www.civiced.org/  . Keywords suffrage , Constitution , voting rights E-mail to a friend	Students will learn about the champions of voting rights in the United States
CNN  -- A few months after four East Haven police officers were arrested for allegedly targeting and harassing Latinos , Connecticut 's state legislature passed a bill Monday to beef up safeguards against racial profiling . Titled "  An Act Concerning Traffic Stop Information , " SB 364 mandates that local and state law enforcement agencies adopt their own "  written policy that prohibits the stopping , detention or search of any person when such action is solely motivated by considerations of race , color , ethnicity , age , gender or sexual orientation , and the action would constitute a violation of the civil rights of the person . " In addition , the legislation sets up reporting requirements for police whenever they conduct traffic stop , as well as a system for citizen complaints or for state authorities to collect and assess pertinent data from municipal departments . Initially passed by the state Senate on April 19 , the legislation made it through the House of Representatives on Monday and is now expected to be signed by Gov. Dannel Malloy . "  I will continue to insist that every effort is taken to protect individual rights in every community and that racial profiling is eliminated , " Malloy said Monday in a statement . "  This is a real problem that deserves a real solution , and my administration is committed to carrying out the spirit and letter of this law . " If and when the bill goes into affect , those pulled over after January 1 , 2013 , would get a copy of the "  standardized form " filled out by police containing details about the driver and circumstances of their case . Those who feel they were profiled due to their race , color , ethnicity , gender or sexual orientation can file a complaint , which must be reviewed by the local police department and be passed on to a state agency . The bill does n't mention any locality or case specifically . But it follows the arrests , in January , of an East Haven police sergeant and three officers following a federal investigation into racial profiling . They all pleaded not guilty . A civil lawsuit has also been filed related to that case . According to a federal indictment , the four allegedly conspired to "  injure , oppress , threaten and intimidate various members of the East Haven community " by profiling Latino residents during traffic stops , performing illegal searches and harassing Latino business owners and their advocates . The men allegedly threatened and assaulted detainees , made false arrests -- including a local clergy member -- and later conspired to cover up evidence of their conduct by falsifying reports and blocking an investigation , prosecutors said . The men also thwarted a police commission inquiry into their alleged misconduct , authorities said , calling on the support of local union leaders to block and intimidate municipal investigators . "  They behaved like bullies with badges , " said Janice Fedarcyk , assistant FBI director in New York . Many Latino residents of East Haven -- who make up about 10.3 % of the town 's roughly 29,000 people -- say that , for years , they have had to contend with an overly aggressive police force . "  They always come by and bother us , " said Esdras Marin , a manager at La Bamba , a Latino-owned bar and restaurant named in the indictment . "  Police come in two or three times a month and ask everyone in the restaurant for their identification , " he said . "  And if you do n't have it , they threaten us and say they 're going to call the immigration office . " The Rev. James Manship of St. Rose of Lima Church , a plaintiff in the civil suit , has accused since retired police Chief Leonard Gallo of fostering "  a racist and dishonest police force " in East Haven .	Connecticut 's House of Representatives passes an anti-racial profiling law The state Senate earlier passed the bill ; the governor says he will sign it It mandates police bar discrimination in who they stop , detain or search Months ago , 4 East Haven police were arrested in a federal racial profiling probe
Washington  CNN  -- A congressional committee on Tuesday subpoenaed current and former top State Department officials related to the development of "  talking points " by the Obama administration to publicly explain the deadly attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , last year . The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee sought documents and communications from 10 people , including the agency 's No. 2 official , the top aide to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , and the department 's former spokeswoman , the panel 's chairman , Darrell Issa , said in a statement . The State Department has refused multiple requests to provide the communications and documents voluntarily , according to the committee , which has been investigating the administration 's handling of the attack last September 11 . The probe has centered partly on the evolution of unclassified CIA talking points requested by a member of Congress in the days following the attack for use in media interviews . A senior administration official , U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice , wound up relying on them when discussing the attack on television news programs . White House releases Benghazi e-mails "  The State Department has not lived up to the administration 's broad and unambiguous promises of cooperation with Congress . Therefore , I am left with no alternative but to compel the State Department to produce relevant documents through a subpoena , " Issa , a California Republican , said in a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry . But the State Department said it has responded in great detail to congressional inquiries about Benghazi , providing documents and other information since the attack by armed militants on the diplomatic outpost that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . "  The State Department remains committed to working cooperatively with the Congress , and we will take stock of any new or outstanding requests for information , and determine the appropriate next steps , " said Patrick Ventrell , a department spokesman . The talking points have become a political flashpoint in a long-running battle between the administration and Republicans , who accuse it of not bolstering security before the attack , of botching the response to it and of misleading the public for political gain less than two months before the November election . The GOP suggests that the administration removed specific terror references and stuck to an explanation -- later proved untrue -- that the attack was result of a spontaneous demonstration over an anti-Muslim film that was produced in the United States . The White House and its allies in Congress have made the case that any confusion and conflicting information in the early hours and days after the assault stemmed from the "  fog of war , " not any deliberate effort to mislead the public . Obama has called Republican concentration on the talking points a political "  side show . " Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland , the top Democrat on the Oversight panel , suggested Republicans continue to aggressively pursue the Benghazi investigation partly to tarnish Clinton , who is viewed as a potential Democratic presidential candidate in 2016 . "  This investigation has been politicized from the beginning as House Republicans accuse first and then scramble to find evidence to back up their unsubstantiated claims , " Cummings said . The White House earlier this month released 100 pages of e-mails around the development of the Benghazi talking points in an effort to defuse the controversy by showing that officials working on them were focused on events , not politics . The e-mails indicate the CIA was likely the lead organization in developing the talking points with the State Department suggesting significant changes . But Issa said the e-mails released by the White House failed to answer the committee 's "  outstanding questions . " He specifically cited reservations expressed by then State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland about key points in the early draft of the document . The draft was revised . Nuland , Deputy Secretary William Burns , Elizabeth Dibble , principle deputy assistant secretary for Near Eastern affairs ; Beth Jones , acting assistant secretary for Near Eastern affairs ; Patrick Kennedy , under secretary for management ; and Cheryl Mills , counselor and chief of staff to Clinton , were among those named in the subpoena . Issa has given the State Department until June 7 to comply . CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Subpoena is directed at 10 current and former top level officials House Oversight Committee chairman says State Department has not cooperated with probe Panel investigating Benghazi talking points that have become political flashpoint White House has released e-mails in effort to defuse controversy over talking points
CNN  -- The body of an Air Force pilot has been found off the coast of Italy , three days after the F-16 he was flying went missing , his family announced Thursday . Read more : U.S. jet missing off Italy ; search for pilot under way "  It is with great sadness that we announce that the body Capt. Lucas Gruenther was found in the Adriatic Sea this afternoon . A compassionate husband , a loving son , and a devoted brother ; Luc leaves behind a family who loves him dearly and a legacy of achievement , " the family statement said . Controllers lost contact with the F-16 around 8 p.m. Monday  2 p.m. ET  while the jet was on a training flight , the U.S. Air Force reported . Italian search teams found debris believed to be from the fighter jet Tuesday . The aircraft was based at Aviano Air Base , a key NATO installation in northern Italy .	NEW : The body of the U.S. pilot has been found The F-16 went went missing Monday over the Adriatic Sea Debris from the jet was discovered Wednesday
CNN  -- Devoted fans . Faithful listeners . Seldom have those words sounded quite so apt . They describe the people who enjoyed the singing of George Beverly Shea , who died last week at the age of 104 . The name may not be instantly recognizable to some Americans , but that was no fault of his . He accomplished something very few vocalists can claim : During his career , he sang in front of an estimated 200 million people in live performance . How could this be ? He was the lead vocalist at Billy Graham 's crusades and revival meetings for more than 50 years . If you went to see Billy Graham preach , you heard George Beverly Shea sing . And , oh , what a voice he had . It did n't matter what your own religious beliefs were . If you were interested in the craft -- the art -- of vocal performance , and you were in the presence of Bev Shea  that 's how he was known to his friends  , then you recognized greatness . He was not fancy as he sang , he indulged in no gimmicks , at times he seemed as calm before a microphone as a man waiting patiently for a bus . But that was deceptive . His deep and immaculately modulated baritone , his resolute attention to precise phrasing and pronunciation , his implicit and unmistakable regard for his audience -- this was a professional artist of the highest order . The fact that he sang gospel music might , in theory , have worked against him , might have limited the number of his potential listeners ; for many of the years of his career , the nation was obsessed with rock 'n' roll and other forms of popular , here-one-week , gone-the-next records . But he had a certain advantage : A singer 's audience is often influenced by the person who presents him or her . In the Beatles ' early days , they had CBS television 's Ed Sullivan to do that . It made a big difference . George Beverly Shea , for half a century , had Billy Graham to present him . At all those crusades , in all those stadiums and arenas , they were a matched pair . Graham would n't have had it any other way . They perfectly complemented each other 's strengths . Graham , at his peak , was utterly electric on a stage -- his presence was crackling and palpable , there was no structure in the world too big for him . In the charisma and magnetism department , he needed no help . But Shea was steady and soothing and reassuring . He was placid waters to Graham 's blazing lightning . And for all those years , he was a considerable part of the draw . Hear and see Bev Shea sing at 1961 Billy Graham crusade In 1971 , when I was getting started as a reporter , the Billy Graham Crusade was scheduled to come to Chicago 's cavernous McCormick Place for a week-and-a-half of summer services . I asked his advance team if I could spend days and nights with them , observing how they did what they did : how they made the arrangements and logistical decisions to get all those people to pack the huge hall every evening . They were welcoming and open about having me hang around . Those were the years when the most successful and highly publicized musical acts were groups such as Three Dog Night and Creedence Clearwater and Alice Cooper . So I was struck to find how constant , in my conversations with the people who were coming to the crusade meetings , their unprompted references to Shea were . He was a major and incandescent star to them -- they had been listening to him for years , and they could n't wait to see him perform in person . There was a phrase back then that was used in politics : the Silent Majority . In those times of turmoil and earsplitting acrimony in public life , the term referred to those Americans who did n't raise much commotion , but whose fidelity to tradition was unwavering . I thought then , and I think now , that the concept also applied to the enduring popularity of Shea . He never tried to be stylish or trendy ; he did n't shift his approach as the decades went by . He just sang like a dream -- and , with his clear , careful enunciation and his dignified comportment on stage , he showed unwavering respect for the people in the seats . To watch and listen to Shea sing "  How Great Thou Art , " the gospel number most closely associated with him , was to be in the presence of an absolute master .  And if you 've ever heard Elvis Presley 's haunting rendition of the same song , then you just know that Elvis had to be a George Beverly Shea fan , too . He did fine for himself : more than 70 albums , a Grammy Award , a separate Lifetime Achievement Award from the Grammy organization . In the days when what is now called terrestrial radio -- that is , free radio , broadcast by local stations -- ruled , you could n't help hearing his voice as you twisted the dial through the stations in your town . He was a permanent cast member of Billy Graham 's "  Hour of Decision , " which was syndicated to local stations all over the country , and the power of that voice would stop your hand , at least momentarily , from seeking something farther down the dial . On Sunday his funeral will be held in Montreat , North Carolina , his home for many years ; on Monday he will be buried in a private ceremony on the grounds of the Billy Graham Library in Charlotte , North Carolina . I remember asking a member of the audience at that long-ago crusade in Chicago what it was that made Shea 's music so important to her . "  When he sings , " she said , "  he just brings me comfort . " Which , in an often frenzied world , is not a bad sum-up of a long , serene and melodic life . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	George Beverly Shea , gospel singer at Billy Graham crusades , died recently at 104 Bob Greene : Regardless of their faith , people knew greatness when they heard Shea Graham was electric on stage , Greene says . Shea was soothing and comforting Greene : With clear enunciation , dignified presence , he showed respect for his audience
CNN  -- Miriam Brown has always wanted to visit Cape Cod , but when she recently began to plan a trip and found out she would have to pay $ 200 or more a night for lodging , her dream vacation seemed out of reach . Miriam Brown and her husband bartered their services for room and board on Cape Cod . Brown , who lives in New Orleans , Louisiana , is an accountant . Her husband is a home renovations contractor . Like many people dealing with a soft real estate market and high food and gas prices , they just do n't have that kind of extra cash for a trip . "  I have traveled a lot in prior years , but after -LSB- Hurricane -RSB- Katrina , there 's just no money for traveling , " Brown said . So she still plans to go , but she wo n't spend any cash at all on lodging . Brown has joined the growing ranks of Americans who are bartering -- trading goods and services without exchanging money -- as a way to cope with tough economic times . Brown posted an ad in the barter section of the online community Craigslist last month , offering to trade her accounting skills and her husband 's knack for home repairs in exchange for room and board on Cape Cod , Massachusetts . She has lots of company . There were some 142,000 listings in the barter section of Craigslist in July , or almost double the number posted during the same month last year , according to Craigslist spokeswoman Susan MacTavish Best . "  When the economy turns unfriendly , Craigslist users become far more creative to get their everyday tasks done , " Best said . Swapping ` to get by ' Other Web sites that put Americans in touch with like-minded people who are willing to trade everything under the sun have also seen a boost in traffic . SwapThing , which lists almost 3.5 million "  things " available for trade , reports its customers are bartering for different reasons than before . "  I think a few years ago it was more for fun , " said Jessica Hardwick , SwapThing founder and CEO . "  But we 've seen a real shift in the last year , and especially an increase in the last few months , where I think people are really doing it to get by . " Some of the most popular items to trade for late this summer were school uniforms , which some parents found they could not afford to buy for their children , Hardwick said . Experts are n't surprised Americans are becoming more financially creative during an economic downturn . "  Historically , when times get tough , you see a 50 percent-plus increase in bartering as a way for people to be able to buy things or get things and do it economically , " said C. Britt Beemer , chairman of America 's Research Group . The company talks with thousands of consumers every week to gauge their spending habits and attitudes . A couple of years ago , many Americans had $ 500 to spend at the end of the month , but that money has evaporated because of rising prices , Beemer said . "  We 've never had a time , at least in my lifetime , where you have food and fuel going up at the same time . So it is n't a question of buying things , it 's a question of buying nothing , " Beemer said . Breast implants and a horse Businesses have long recognized the benefits of bartering , and there are hundreds of barter networks set up across the country to fill their needs . They use barter credits as currency , so a plumber in need of a filling does n't need to search for a dentist 's office with plumbing problems to make a deal . He can fix a leaky pipe for one member of a network and use the credits he earned for that job at any other . Since all kinds of companies are members , the trades can be all over the map , said Michael Krane , president of Green Apple Barter Services in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . His company has brokered everything from breast implants to college tuition to a horse . "  Really , there are no limits to it . We trade for just about anything you can think of , " Krane said . Bartering on this scale is also robust in tough economic times . Krane said his exchange has seen a 20 percent rise in barter transaction volume in the first six months of this year . A longtime client is Thomas Forrest , an orthodontist in suburban Pittsburgh who barters his services for everything from office improvements to stationery . His practice has n't been affected by the economic downturn , Forrest said , but some of his patients seem glad to be able to visit him under the barter arrangement . "  I think if you have a business owner who has children in need of braces , I sense a gratitude that that 's available , " Forrest said . Barter exchanges must carefully document all trades , since the Internal Revenue Service considers income from bartering as taxable . However , a barter exchange "  does not include arrangements that provide solely for the informal exchange of similar services on a noncommercial basis , " according to the IRS . In New Orleans , Brown and her husband are getting ready to go to Cape Cod after finding a taker for her bartering offer on Craigslist . The couple will work five hours a day in exchange for staying in "  a beautiful three-bedroom house right in the center of it all , " Brown said . "  We can do a lot more if we do n't have to pay for room and board , " she added .	Many Americans are bartering as a way to cope with tough economic times Bartering involves trading goods and services without exchanging money Researcher : Bartering activity rises dramatically during economic downturns "  We trade for just about anything you can think of , " barter network president says
EW.com  -- The pop culture babies are coming ! Baby naming website Nameberry has made predictions of what the most popular baby names of 2012 will be based on an analysis of almost 3 million page views on their site . The guesses are an eye-opening , pop culture revelation of what is hitting with soon-to-be parents . Highlights below : Rue Taking the top spot is a beloved "  Hunger Games " female name , but it 's not the obvious one . Rue , the doe-eyed heroine who stole our hearts  I throw berries at you , Marvel !  leads Nameberry 's list , according to their statistics . If a "  Hunger Games " character had to take the cake , I 'm glad it 's Rue . Can you imagine teaching a youngin ' to say Katniss ? Emmett Heading over to the XY chromosome , Emmett takes the cake , flanked by other boys ' names ending in -- ett , like Everett and Beckett . As the the only reference the list makes to "  Twilight , " I ca n't help but wonder if the fifth ranked Jacobs of the world feel threatened ... Ivy and Adele We head over to musical ground as the middle half of Blue Ivy Carter makes an appearance  somewhere Beyonce and Jay-Z are thinking : "  Curses ! Why did n't we trademark this name for everyone ! "  , along with current EW cover star Adele . If two musical nombres had to make the cut , I 'm glad it 's these two . I do n't need to see any little Minaj 's running around . Grayson Though I wish that Declan had squeezed its way in , I 'm tickled to see a reference to this season 's guiltiest pleasure beginning to make a dent . "  Revenge " - related or not , this world could use a few more Daniel Grayson lookalikes . Aria Yes , the site lists Aria 's appearance as a favorite among ambitious parents with studiously high hopes for their offspring , but I 'm choosing to interpret this name as an homage to Arya , the reigning "  Game of Thrones " bite-sized bada ** . Cato In a puzzling change of pace , the terrorizing and brutal Cato of the "  Hunger Games " has made its way up the ranks in what I can only surmise is that parents-to-be want their children to be built of inordinate strength and spout irrational and violent temper tantrums . Can you imagine the backlash of putting a Cato in a timeout ? Pregnant or not , what are your thoughts on these names ? Do you mimic my surprise that Khaleesi did n't appear ? And where is the love for Ron Swanson ?! See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	For boys Emmett from "  Twilight " takes the cake , flanked by other boys ' names ending in -- ett The site lists Aria 's appearance as a favorite among ambitious parents Cato of the "  Hunger Games " has made its way up the ranks
CNN  -- Iraq veteran turned pro-gun activist Adam Kokesh was arrested on two charges , including having a gun while in possession of an illicit drug , police said Wednesday . His arrest comes after authorities late Tuesday searched the suburban Washington home of Kokesh , who recently made headlines with his July Fourth video posted to YouTube in which he loaded a shotgun in the middle of the national capital 's Freedom Plaza . He also used Facebook to call for an armed march in Washington for the same day but called off the event in May . It is illegal to carry firearms in the District of Columbia . Kokesh spent Tuesday night into Wednesday at Fairfax County Adult Detention Center in northern Virginia , U.S. Park Police spokeswoman Pamela Smith told CNN . He was still there as of Wednesday afternoon . He faces two charges -- illegal possession of a schedule I or II drug and having a firearm while in possession of such a drug -- Smith said . Under Virginia law , schedule I drugs such as heroin and LSD have a high potential for abuse and no accepted medical use , and schedule II drugs such as PCP , cocaine and methamphetamine are addictive , have a high potential for abuse but have accepted medical uses . Smith earlier told CNN that authorities had executed a search warrant on Kokesh 's home in Herndon , Virginia , which is about 20 miles west of Washington . "  It is still an ongoing investigation , " Smith said then . She declined to comment on what , if any , weapons had been discovered in the search . Kokesh has a long history of speaking out . He was discharged from the Marines in 2007 for wearing his uniform during an anti-war protest . In his now infamous YouTube video , Kokesh states : "  We will not be silent . We will not obey . We will not allow our government to destroy our humanity . " Then , loading shells into the shotgun , he looks into a camera saying , "  We are the final American revolution . See you next Independence Day . " CNN 's Steve Brusk and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Kokesh is arrested on 2 charges , 1 of which is a weapons charge NEW : He is placed in custody in northern Virginia , police say Kokesh has a long history of speaking out , including recent YouTube video He used Facebook to call for an armed march in Washington
CNN  -- Condemned for his self-confessed belief in fascist ideals , yet congratulated for acts of admirable sportsmanship . Revered for feats of amazing skill , but reviled for violent outbursts on the pitch . Perhaps not surprisingly Italian Paolo di Canio 's rollercoaster career has guaranteed the Italian has occupied the front and back pages of British newspapers since he first came to the United Kingdom . His appointment as manager of English Premier League strugglers Sunderland has thrust this divisive character back into the spotlight once more , with the north east club scrambling to justify his appointment following its sacking of the Italian 's predecessor Martin O'Neill on Saturday . The Italian 's arrival at Sunderland has already prompted the resignation of one of the club 's board members -- MP David Miliband , who recently decided to stand down as MP to work for New York based charity International Rescue . "  In the light of the new manager 's past political statements , I think it right to step down , " Miliband , a former British secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs for the traditionally left wing Labour party , wrote on his own website . Fiery temperament Born in Rome and raised through Lazio 's youth ranks , the first half of Di Canio 's career included stints with some of Europe 's most famous clubs -- and plenty of rows with some of Italy 's most respected coaches . The playmaker clashed with Giovanni Trapattoni at Juventus before incurring the ire of Fabio Capello at AC Milan and then heading to Scotland in 1996 where he flourished during one season with Celtic . If there was fire in his belly it was accompanied by sublime skill . When he was at Napoli Di Canio scored one breathtaking solo goal against AC Milan , running almost the length of the pitch before firing home . It was after swapping Scotland for the English Premier League 's Sheffield Wednesday in 1997 that the complexity of Di Canio 's character was laid bare . The Roman became front page news in September 1998 when he shoved referee Paul Alcock to the ground after being sent off in a match against Arsenal . An 11-match ban followed , as did his exit from Wednesday with a move to West Ham United just four months later . During four years at Upton Park , Di Canio left an indelible mark on West Ham and the Premier League . In March 2000 he scored a stunning volley against Wimbledon -- widely regarded as one of the finest goals in Premier League history -- but it was his conduct in a game at Everton in December of the same year which drew global admiration . With Everton goalkeeper Paul Gerrard lying on the ground injured , Di Canio elected to catch the ball rather than head it into the unguarded net . His actions were met with immediate applause from fans and a Fair Play award from world football 's governing body FIFA , citing a "  special act of good sportsmanship " . "  It was sportsmanship of the highest merit , " Harry Redknapp , West Ham manager at the time , said of Di Canio 's act . "  Paolo thought the goalkeeper might have a broken leg and refused to take advantage . " Values of civility But with Di Canio , the good and the bad must be measured against the ugly . After returning to Lazio in 2004 , Di Canio made remarks which he has refused to clarify following his appointment at Sunderland . "  I am a facist , not a racist , " Di Canio once told an Italian news agency . Since his appointment at Sunderland , Di Canio has insisted that he doesn ' want to talk about politics , though in 2005 he was willing to aim a straight-arm salute at Lazio 's fans which , he claimed , was directed at "  my people " . Was that a political or just a sporting gesture ? "  I will always salute as I did because it gives me a sense of belonging to my people , " Di Canio told journalist Gabrielle Marcotti in the player 's autobiography . "  I saluted my people with what for me is a sign of belonging to a group that holds true values , values of civility against the standardization that this society imposes upon us . " Who Di Canio 's people are is the subject of much debate , but in his autobiography he described himself as "  fascinated " with Italy 's former fascist leader Benito Mussolini , who enacted anti-Semitic laws and oversaw the deporting of thousands of Italian Jews to concentration and death camps . Di Canio is not the only Italian footballer or manager to express sympathy with Fascism or flirted with the ideology , notably Daniele De Rossi , Christian Abbiati , Gianluigi Buffon and Alberto Aquilani . As a club , Lazio has been punished for racism offences four times this season . A statement issued by Sunderland following Di Canio 's appointment declared that to suggest he held fascist or racist views was to question "  the integrity of the club " . "  I 'm not in the Houses of Parliament , I 'm not a political person , I will only talk about football , " the 44-year-old manager told reporters at his unveiling on Tuesday . While Di Canio faces scrutiny off the pitch , on it his new team are sinking without a trace . Sunderland are without a win in their last eight matches , with Saturday 's 1-0 defeat to Manchester United -- the final act of O'Neill 's managerial reign -- leaving the team one point above the relegation zone . As always , Di Canio plans to meet his latest challenge head on . "  The press call me the mad Italian but I would confidently bet everything I have on Sunderland remaining in the top flight , " declared Di Canio . Over to you , Paolo ...	Sunderland defend appointment of new manager Paolo di Canio Italian is proud of his fascist beliefs and is an admirer of Benito Mussolini "  I 'm not in the Houses of Parliament , I 'm not a political person , I will only talk about football , " says Di Canio . Di Canio 's views cost his former club Swindon a key sponsorship deal
CNN  -- Chelsea sacked manager Andre Villas-Boas Sunday , citing poor results which threaten their participation in next season 's Champions League . His final match proved to be Saturday 's 1-0 defeat to West Bromwich Albion which left the Blues languishing in fifth place in the English Premier League . Assistant coach and former Chelsea midfielder Roberto Di Matteo will take temporary charge until the end of the season . A statement on the west London club 's official website confirmed the departure of Villas-Boas , less than a year after taking over from Carlo Ancelotti . Blog : Abramovich was right sack AVB The 34-year-old Portuguese is the sixth manager to be sacked by Chelsea 's Russian billionaire owner Roman Abramovich . Since he took control only Guus Hiddink , who was an interim appointment , left of his own volition . Blog : Can English clubs catch their European rivals ? "  Andre Villas-Boas has parted company with Chelsea Football Club today , " the statement read . "  The board would like to record our gratitude for his work and express our disappointment that the relationship has ended so early . "  Unfortunately the results and performances of the team have not been good enough and were showing no signs of improving at a key time in the season . "  The club is still competing in the latter stages of the Champions League and the FA Cup , as well as challenging for a top-four spot in the Premier League , and we aim to remain as competitive as possible on all fronts . "  With that in mind we felt our only option was to make a change at this time . "  With immediate effect Roberto Di Matteo has been appointed first team coach on an interim basis until the end of the season . " The decision to install Di Matteo ends speculation that former Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez was to be given the job on a temporary basis . Di Matteo faces a testing few weeks , with Chelsea hoping to overhaul a 3-1 first leg deficit to Napoli in their last 16 Champions League tie , an away trip to Birmingham in an FA Cup replay , while trying to improve their league position . Villas-Boas came to Chelsea with a big reputation after guiding Porto to the Europa League title and comparisons were made between him and compatriot Jose Mourinho , who enjoyed such success at the club . But results have been indifferent and his relationship with senior players such as Frank Lampard has come under the spotlight .	Chelsea sack manager Andre Villas-Boas Villas-Boas was in charge at Stamford Bridge for less than a year Sixth manager to be shown the door by Roman Abramovich Roberto Di Matteo takes over until the end of the season
CNN  -- I have a bright , funny 12-year-old son . He plays a mean game of basketball , loves strawberry banana smoothies and spends way too much time texting on his iPhone . And , if you believe a new study just released , there 's a 50-50 chance he 'll end up in handcuffs sometime before he turns 23 . A report from the University of South Carolina and the University of Albany released this month in the journal Crime & Delinquency argued that by the time they reach age 23 , nearly one in two black males  49 %  will have been arrested . And the study does n't even count arrests in minor traffic violations . One out of two . And for white males , there is almost a 40 % chance they will have been arrested by 23 , according to the report . For Latino males , its 44 % . Females fare slightly better . By age 23 , arrest rates were 20 % for white females , 18 % for Latinas and 16 % black females . Looking deeper into the study , it showed that for younger boys -- those of any race who have yet to turn 18 -- there is about a one in four chance they 'll get arrested . That is stunning , no matter what race you are . There are critics of the study who say that methodology is flawed , that "  it is more of an experiment about handling missing waves of data from a longitudinal sample than a meaningful study about race , gender and crime , " Ivory A. Toldson , an author and Ph.D researcher at Howard University , said in an article on TheRoot.com . But even if the number is off by half , it 's still alarming . Can you imagine the impact of your young son -- or grandson , or nephew , or cousin or brother -- having to look down the barrel of a police officer 's gun , or having his wrists forcibly twisted behind his back and handcuffed in public ? And , in many cases , all before he is old enough to vote . Or drive . Or get a job . Can you imagine how that young boy will grow up to be a man ? Can you imagine his feelings toward the police -- many of whom are trying as hard as they can to keep the streets safe -- who put those handcuffs on him ? Will he trust them ? Will he respect them ? Or will he fear them ? Now , can you imagine the difficulties when that same young man goes to get a job ? Many employers ask you at the end of that job application form whether you have ever been arrested . These kids will forever have to check the YES box , hoping they get the chance to explain away the circumstances later . But we know most will never make it to the first interview . The study 's author put it in context . "  A problem is that many males -- especially black males -- are navigating the transition from youth to adulthood with the baggage and difficulties from contact with the criminal justice system , " said Robert Brame , a criminology professor at the University of South Carolina and lead author of the report . Ours is a society that lives in fear . A society that has created a multibillion-dollar industry based on locking people up . We want our cops to protect us , to confront first , arrest next , then resolve later . Sure , crime is a real problem in America , although the crime rate has been steadily declining for more than the past decade , according to the FBI . So has the rate of young black men entering accredited four-year colleges , compared to black females and others . But the unemployment rate among those same young men -- many of whom had to check that YES box on the application -- is still more than twice that of the population at large , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . As a father , I will do everything I can to make sure my son is not one of the 50 % who get arrested , but instead among the 50 % who do n't . I am determined that my son will do great in school , stay away from the wrong element in the streets and , by 23 , will have hopefully graduated from college , gone on to graduate school or started his first job in the real world  and moved out of the house , for sure ! But it just angers me that , in 2014 , I now have to teach him , along with how to tie a tie , how to write a proper resume and how to open the door for a lady , how he must behave when confronted by the police . Keep your hands at 10 and 2 . Do n't make any fast moves . Do n't talk back . And do what they ask of you . And maybe , just maybe , you wo n't end up on your knees , hands behind your back , feeling the cold of the steel around your wrists . Maybe ... The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bryan Monroe	Recent report says black males have a 50 % chance of being arrested by age 23 White males have a 40 % risk of arrest by same age Critics of the study say methodology is flawed Monroe : What do I tell my son about how to avoid being arrested ?
CNN  -- Prosecutors dismissed a charge Monday against a community activist who was arrested while filming a police encounter with her iPod camera because she was concerned it was initiated by racial profiling . "  I 'm feeling vindicated , I 'm feeling energetic " Emily Good , 28 , of Rochester , New York , said of the decision to have the charge dropped . Good had been charged with obstruction of governmental administration when she began videotaping the interrogation of a black man by three white officers in front of her house on May 12 , she said . "  Based upon the evidence , we could not make out the elements of the crime charged , " Monroe County First Assistant District Attorney Sandra Doorley said . Good said she intends to file a civil suit . In a joint statement , Rochester Mayor Thomas S. Richards , City Council President Lovely A. Warren and Police Chief James Sheppard commended the decision to drop the charges against Good and said an internal review is being conducted into the incident . "  Police officers must be able to cope with a high degree of stress while performing oftentimes dangerous duties , relying on their training and experience to guide their behavior , " the statement said . "  We want to make clear that it is not the policy or practice of the Rochester Police Department to prevent citizens from observing its activities -- including photographing or videotaping -- as long as it does not interfere with the safe conduct of those activities , " the statement said . Additionally , the statement said an internal review would be conducted into a separate incident in which tickets were given "  for parking violations of vehicles belonging to members of an organization associated with Ms. Good . " According to Good , the statement refers to an episode on June 23 , when police carrying rulers showed up outside a meeting at a community center supporting her and began issuing tickets to cars parked more than 12 inches from the curb . Both incidents "  raise issues with respect to the conduct of Rochester police officers that require an internal review , " the statement said . In the May 12 video , provided to CNN , Good can be heard telling officers "  this is my front yard . I 'm just recording what you 're doing , it 's my right . " One of the three officers responds by telling Good , "  I do n't feel safe with you standing behind me , so I 'm going to ask you to go into your house . " Though the officer repeatedly orders Good to return to her house , she refuses . "  It 's my right to be in my yard and I 'm sorry you do n't feel safe . All I have is a camera . ... I have no weapons , " Good says on the recording . About two minutes into the video , a police officer can be heard saying , "  You know what , you 're going to go to jail , " and then proceeds to arrest Good .	Charge dropped against Emily Good , who was arrested for videotaping a police encounter Good is a community activist who was concerned about racial profiling City officials support the decision to drop the charge and announce an internal review
Washington  CNN  -- A coalition of nearly 70 former federal prosecutors and judges has publicly opposed their former boss , the U.S. government , in a dispute over prosecutorial misconduct . At issue is when defendants cleared of wrongdoing can sue the U.S. Justice Department for "  bad faith " acts that taint the integrity of the judicial system . The U.S. Supreme Court has been asked to take up the appeal . A federal judge had awarded Ali Shaygan nearly $ 602,000 in damages and fees after a jury acquitted the Miami doctor on charges relating to the fatal drug overdose of a patient . Shaygan later claimed two assistant U.S. attorneys and a DEA agent "  acted vexatiously " after the original indictment was filed . Judge Alan Gold concluded , among other things , prosecutors violated disclosure requirements by withholding information from the defendant and the court and by launching a separate "  tactical " effort to disqualify the doctor 's attorney just before the trial was to begin . Gold called the government 's conduct "  profoundly disturbing , " raising "  troubling issues about the integrity of those who wield enormous power over the people they prosecute . " A federal appeals court in Atlanta eventually threw out the lawsuit , saying the trial judge overreached , and that the overall prosecution and allegations on the original indictment were "  objectively valid . " The Justice Department is now expected to ask the justices to dismiss the appeal . A federal law known as the Hyde Amendment allows for damages , including attorney 's fees , when a court determines the entire government 's "  position of the United States was vexatious , frivolous , or in bad faith . " The narrow scope of the law has made it generally difficult for defendants to recoup the costs of botched federal criminal prosecutions by the government . But the group of onetime prosecutors and judges opposing the government on Thursday filed a so-called "  amicus " legal brief backing the doctor , saying in this case the damages award was appropriate . "  The amici are deeply concerned that the Eleventh Circuit 's decision will allow serious prosecutorial misconduct to be excused and , in so doing , will undermine public confidence in our system of justice , " said attorney Thomas Goldstein , representing the legal coalition . "  If allowed to stand , the -LSB- appeals court 's -RSB- holding will disempower district judges , and send a clear signal that even grave prosecutorial misconduct will generally be overlooked , given the relatively lax standards for instituting federal prosecutions , " he added . It is somewhat unusual for this large a group of onetime federal prosecutors and judges to come together and strongly oppose the Justice Department 's actions in a criminal case . Shaygan is also being supported by other groups , including the Constitution Project and the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers . The Obama administration has not yet formally reacted to the original appeal by Shaygan or the supporting parties . Government appellate lawyers have until September 10 to file their official response .	Prosecutorial misconduct case involving Miami doctor appealed to U.S. Supreme Court A group of former judges and prosecutors side with the doctor The U.S. Justice Department supports an appeals court ruling throwing out the doctor 's case A federal judge awarded the doctor almost $ 602,000 in the misconduct case
March 4 , 2015 Today 's show begins with coverage of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's speech before the U.S. Congress . We 'll explore the leader 's history , why he traveled to Washington , why his speech was controversial , and how the White House responded . We also feature a Character Study of a woman who calls herself "  just another statistic " but whose work is focused on helping save lives . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
London  CNN  -- Dragon boats , a floating belfry and the royal barge are among more than 1,000 vessels preparing to transform London 's River Thames into a spectacular floating tribute to the 60-year reign of Queen Elizabeth II . About 20,000 people will take to the water Sunday for a river pageant -- inspired by regal riverside celebrations of the past -- which is set to be the largest such event on the Thames for hundreds of years . The event is set to be a highlight in a four-day weekend of celebrations for the queen 's diamond jubilee . What 's on during Diamond Jubilee weekend After gathering upriver in west London , the seven-mile long flotilla will wend its majestic way from Battersea Bridge to Tower Bridge , passing through the heart of Britain 's capital city over the course of several hours . At the front will be about 300 man-powered boats , with thousands of volunteers propelling them downriver , flags and streamers fluttering around them . A barge carrying the eight Royal Jubilee Bells -- the largest of which , at nearly half a ton , is named for the monarch -- will lead the way , its peals of bells to be echoed from church towers along the river . Fashions and treats fit for a queen Next will come passenger boats , pleasure boats , historic wooden vessels -- the oldest built in 1740 -- and boats carrying members of the armed forces , police and fire services . One of the boats taking part , the Amazon , also took part in the 1897 Diamond Jubilee celebrations for Queen Victoria , Britain 's longest-serving monarch and the only other to reach the landmark 60 years on the throne . The biggest cheer will no doubt come for the present queen , who will be carried aboard a specially converted royal barge , opulently draped in red and gold . Huge numbers of flag-waving spectators are expected to line the banks , despite the forecast for rain . Millions more around the world are likely to watch the spectacle unfold on television . Sailing boats that are too tall to pass under the 14 bridges along the river pageant route will line the river from London Bridge to Wapping , in the east , creating an avenue of sails set against the Tower of London and the city 's financial center . The queen will disembark at Tower Bridge and watch as the remainder of the river pageant passes in a riot of color and noise . More than 14 miles of bunting in the colors of the Union Flag , or the Union Jack as it is commonly referred to , will be strung along the route , pageant organizers say . London 's Metropolitan Police said as many as 6,000 extra officers would be on patrol during jubilee events . The force will deploy more than 20 police boats during the river pageant , as well as carrying out searches on shore with dogs , and using rope climbing teams to inspect the bridges . Police divers will carry out underwater checks of piers and boats . The huge security operation comes as London prepares to host the 2012 Olympic Games , which open in late July . Outside the capital , Britons are expected to gather for thousands of Jubilee-themed street parties and barbecues Sunday . Stores have been filled for weeks with an array of patriotic paraphernalia , from flag-adorned teapots to aprons to picnic sets , to help hosts set the scene for what is billed as a national celebration . The queen , known for her love of horse racing , kicked off the long weekend at Epsom Downs racecourse Saturday , where she attended the Derby , Britain 's most prestigious racing meet , with her husband , the Duke of Edinburgh . Singer Katherine Jenkins performed the national anthem and the King 's Troop Royal Horse Artillery fired a gun salute in the Queen 's honor . The celebrations continue on Monday and Tuesday , which have been declared public holidays to mark the diamond jubilee . An afternoon garden party at Buckingham Palace will be followed Monday evening by a televised pop concert outside the palace grounds . At the end of the concert , the queen will take to the stage to light the "  National Beacon , " which will be on the Mall . She will use a diamond made from crystal glass , which has been on display at the Tower of London from the beginning of May , to light the flame . More than 4,000 beacons will be then lit in communities throughout the United Kingdom , along with the Commonwealth and UK Overseas Territories . Tuesday will be a day of pomp and ceremony , as the queen attends a service of thanksgiving at St. Paul 's Cathedral , followed after lunch in Westminster by a carriage procession back to Buckingham Palace , where she will appear on the balcony , flanked by members of the royal family .	The queen will be carried aboard a specially converted royal barge , draped in red and gold More than 1,000 boats of all shapes and sizes are taking part in the pageant on the Thames Large crowds are expected to line the riverbanks as they pass , despite a rainy forecast The river pageant is part of four days of celebrations for the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee
HOUSTON , Texas  CNN  -- On the tape , Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al Nahyan appears to burn with rage . Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al Nahyan , pictured here , allegedly tortured a business associate on videotape . Believing he was cheated in a business deal , the member of the United Arab Emirates ruling family was trying to extract a confession from an Afghan grain dealer . With a private security officer assisting , Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al Nahyan is seen stuffing sand in the Afghan 's mouth . As the grain dealer pleads and whimpers , he is beaten with a nailed board , burned in the genitals with a cigarette lighter , shocked with a cattle prod , and led to believe he would be shot . Salt is poured on his wounds . In the end , the victim can muster up only weak moans as an SUV is repeatedly driven over him . The 45 minutes of torture appears on a nearly three-hour-long videotape shot in late 2004 in the desert outside Abu Dhabi , one of the United Arab Emirates in the Persian Gulf region . It was made at the direction of the sheikh himself . The tape has been viewed by CNN . Now the tape has surfaced as a piece of evidence in a federal civil suit filed in Houston , Texas , against the sheikh by his former business partner , Bassam Nabulsi . As media , U.S. governmental and human rights questions and concerns emerged , Abu Dhabi 's government on Tuesday issued a statement saying it deplored the contents of the video and plans an immediate and comprehensive review of it . Nabulsi , a Lebanese-born U.S. citizen living in Houston , says he met Sheikh Issa when the royal came to Houston for medical care in 1994 . Watch portions of the tape and Nabulsi tell his story " According to Nabulsi , the men became friends and business partners , and Sheikh Issa eventually recruited Nabulsi to move to Abu Dhabi to work for him . "  We were buddies , " said Nabulsi , who met with CNN journalists in Houston . "  He gave me his personal vow . He swore to look after my family in case something happened to me . " The sheikh , who holds no official government position , is the half-brother of the country 's ruler . In the lawsuit , Nabulsi says was disturbed by the sheikh 's "  increasingly bizarre behavior " after the November 2004 death of his father , UAE ruler Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan al Nahyan . Nabulsi 's lawsuit says that Sheikh Issa 's father "  kept tight control over Sheikh Issa " but after the father 's death , he "  apparently no longer felt constrained . " Nabulsi claims he confronted his business partner about the Afghan 's treatment , telling him that to do such a thing he "  must not be a God-fearing person . " Nabulsi says his boldness prompted the sheikh to turn on him . Later , Nabulsi was arrested on drug charges . Security officers working for the sheikh ransacked his home and demanded the torture video , Nabulsi claimed . By this point , the tape -- shot by Nabulsi 's brother at the order of the sheikh -- had been smuggled out of the country . According to an affidavit , Nabulsi 's brother worked for Sheikh Issa as a personal assistant . In 2005 , Nabulsi was arrested , jailed and ultimately convicted on drug charges . And , he said , he was tortured and humiliated by UAE police , who demanded he return the tape . "  It was a lot of humiliation , " Nabulsi told CNN . "  And I really do n't like to talk about it . " Nabulsi was fined and deported . Darryl Bristow , the sheikh 's Houston attorney , argued in court papers that American courts have no jurisdiction over his client . In a statement to CNN , Bristow said Nabulsi is using the videotape of a third party , Nabulsi 's brother , to influence the court over a business dispute . "  The public should know that the man behind the camera was Bassam Nabulsi 's brother and that Bassam Nabulsi kept the video from the media while his lawyer was asking for money . What do you call that where you come from ? " Bristow asked . Nabulsi 's attorney denied wrongdoing . The Houston case languished in the U.S. court system after it was filed in 2006 but it eventually moved forward when the sheikh 's personal assistant was served with court papers last year . Nabulsi 's attorney , Anthony Buzbee , said he has deposed the sheikh , but the deposition is under seal . The case was filed in Houston because the Sheikh Issa-Nabulsi business partnership was formed and focused in Texas and "  claims at issue in this case arose out of contacts within Texas . " Nabulsi claims breaches of contract and fiduciary duty . He wants $ 80 million he says is owed to him from their business relationship . He also wants to be awarded punitive damages for torture , intentional infliction of emotional distress , and malicious prosecution . Initially , the UAE Interior Ministry said Sheikh Issa "  does not hold any official position " in the government and that Nabulsi 's lawsuit is "  a private dispute . " Asked about the torture allegations , the UAE said it investigated and found " ... all rules , policies and procedures were followed correctly by the police department . The review also concluded that the incidents depicted in the videotapes were not part of a pattern of behavior . " The shocking case has made waves recently as news organizations asked about the tape . U.S. senior officials familiar with the case say the administration is holding off sending a nuclear deal with the United Arab Emirates to Congress for ratification because they fear a fallout from the torture story . Congress has to ratify the civil nuclear agreement signed in January between the Bush administration and the UAE . Those senior U.S. officials said the agreement was supposed to be sent to the Senate , but Secretary of State Hillary Clinton held off doing so because of the story 's sensitivity . One American lawmaker , Rep. James McGovern , D-Massachusetts , asked Clinton to investigate and that all "  expenditures of funds , training , sales or transfers of equipment or technology , including nuclear " to the UAE be put on hold until the matter is reviewed . He also wants the United States to deny any visas for travel by Sheikh Issa or his immediate family . "  I think we have an obligation to say we want to step back a bit and look at this a little more closely , " said McGovern , co-chairman of the congressional human rights commission . He promised hearings on the issue , probing the case and how the U.S. Embassy in the UAE handled it . "  I am not going to let it go away , " McGovern said . Human Rights Watch , the humanitarian watchdog group , is calling for the United Arab Emirates to "  investigate and prosecute " the grain dealer 's torture . With media questions about the tape mounting , Abu Dhabi said on Wednesday it decided to renew its inquiries -- more than four years after the incident . As for the grain dealer , UAE officials say he survived the ordeal , and said the sheikh and the grain dealer settled the matter privately by agreeing not to bring formal charges against the other . How much money was the grain dealer accused of stealing from the sheikh ? "  It 's nothing , " Nabulsi said . "  No more than about $ 5,000 . " CNN 's Scott Bronstein , Drew Griffin , Stan Grant , Elise Labott , Octavia Nasr , and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Former business partner of Sheikh Issa of Abu Dhabi suing royal Bassam Nabulsi 's tape shows sheikh severely torturing grain merchant Nabulsi , of Houston , says he himself was tortured in jail , sheikh owes him $ 80M U.S. senior officials say case is holding up a U.S. nuclear deal with the UAE
A diverse group of young emerging leaders from all across Africa and the diaspora has come together to promote a unified vision for the continent and devise ways to move it forward . Dubbed Africa 2.0 , the advocacy group recently met in Mombasa , Kenya , to bring together some 250 young businessmen , social entrepreneurs and opinion leaders from nearly 40 African countries to work toward a strategy that could help the continent leapfrog and accelerate its development . "  If you think about it , China has an agenda for Africa . India has an agenda , Europe , America . It 's about time we Africans set an agenda for ourselves . " says Mamadou Toure , founder of Africa 2.0 . The move comes as Africa undergoes a period of economic transformation , becoming increasingly attractive to international investors -- last year , the continent 's economy grew by nearly 5 % while six of the 10 fastest-growing economies in the world are currently from Africa . Survey : Africa attractive to investors -- but the world still needs convincing World Bank economist Vera Songwe says the initiative is bringing together young Africans who want their continent to achieve growth and are interested in spreading the message that "  Africa is a different place to do business . " The group has set the target of achieving a prosperous and inspiring Africa within the next 20 years . It has marked 2020 as a key milestone and works on a manifesto to raise awareness of what needs to be done until then . Toure calls Africa 2.0 a social contract between the private sector , civil society and governments . He says the strategy for the group 's vision is based on four axis : uplifting Africans , creating and sharing the wealth , upgrading the infrastructure and setting up a growth-enabling environment . The group 's agenda includes pushing for the proposed Africa free trade area , a bloc that would span 26 countries , as well as a plan for better governance and boosting entrepreneurship . "  Ultimately , Vision Africa 2020 is the legacy of a generation on how they see the future of this continent and how they believe we can take it to the next level , " says Toure . "  We view ourselves also as a voice from the people who will ultimately inherit this continent . " Toure , who is also an investment and development officer at the International Finance Corporation , says that one of the main challenges today is the willingness and acceptance of current decision makers to make a space for the youth . He adds that changing the mindset is crucial for the future prospects of the continent . "  It 's about building an African ` can-do ' attitude that would get Africans to take ownership of their own future and to start rolling their sleeves to actually face the challenge ahead , " he says . Toure says Africa 2.0 , which will hold its next symposium in Nigeria next year , is not just another initiative that 's hung up on endless discussions . Instead , he calls it a ` Dink Dank ' -- a terminology coined to describe a think tank that does things -- which aims to get their ideas endorsed by government leaders and put plans in place to execute them . "  We are action-driven , " he says . "  We are committing to implement it and we invite whoever believes in that to step in -- it is the responsibility of all and the society we are entering now in this 21st century and it is a society where everyone can be a leader , " he adds . While there 's still much to be improved before the group 's goals are implemented , some say that change is on the way . "  We 've now just seen good elections in a couple of countries . We saw in a couple of countries they 've changed regulations . Many more are doing better on the Better Business Index , which means institutions are strengthening because in the end , that is what governance means , " notes Songwe . "  Governance means building strong institutions that are sustainable and survive long after leaders that created them have left . I think in that case we are doing well , " she adds .	Africa 2.0 is an advocacy group that works toward a vision that could help the continent leapfrog Its target is to achieve a prosperous and inspiring Africa within the next 20 years Six of then 10 fastest-growing economies in the world are currently from Africa
CNN  -- The flow of undocumented immigrants into the United States has slowed in the past three years , a major think tank reported Thursday . Illegal immigrants are processed in August at a U.S. Border Patrol station near Laredo , Texas . The Pew Hispanic Center report cites no statistical reasons for the decreased rate . It notes that the U.S. economy has suffered a downturn and that greater immigration enforcement measures have been enacted , which a Pew survey "  indicates has generated worry among many Hispanics . " According to the center 's estimates , 11.9 million undocumented immigrants were living in the United States as of March . There were 11.1 million in 2005 and 8.4 million in 2000 , the group said . "  Although the undocumented population has been rising , its net growth has slowed substantially since 2005 , compared with earlier in the decade , " the report states . According to the report , from 2000 to early 2005 , the unauthorized immigrant population grew by an annual net average of about 525,000 . The growth pattern started changing substantially in 2005 . From 2005 to 2008 , annual growth has averaged 275,000 undocumented immigrants . See how the numbers stack up " "  With the drop in the numbers of illegals coming , we now have more legal immigrants coming than illegals coming , " said Jeffrey S. Passel , the study 's lead researcher and author . Unauthorized immigrants continue to make up 30 percent of the nation 's foreign-born population of more than 39 million people , the study says . Mexicans account for 58 percent of all illegal immigrants in the United States , the study says , adding that no other country has a double-digit share . Pew estimates that there were 7 million illegal Mexican immigrants living in the United States in March , up considerably from 4.8 million during the 2000 Census . Growth has leveled off since 2007 . The number of undocumented immigrants in the United States from Latin American countries other than Mexico grew from 1.8 million in 2000 to 2.6 million in 2008 , an increase of nearly 45 percent . That population reached 3 million in March 2006 but has declined since then , the report said . A previous Pew Hispanic Center showed that immigration from Mexico "  varied substantially directly related to the employment situation in the United States , " Passel said . That appears to be the case now , he added . "  This slowdown -LSB- in the U.S. economy -RSB- , if anything , hits some sectors that undocuments -LSB- illegal immigrants -RSB- are involved in very hard : construction , obviously , being a big one , " he said . "  The other side of it is that a lot of Latin American economies are holding their own or doing well . " Stricter law enforcement has not been confined to the U.S.-Mexico border , Passel said . "  The other big difference over the past couple of years is that we 've seen greater enforcement in the interior , at the work sites , " he said . "  Numerically , there may not have been a big impact in terms of the numbers of people arrested and deported , but it 's been very high profile . There 's strong communication between the United States and the home country , so word gets back . " Among the study 's other findings : • More than 40 percent of the nation 's undocumented immigrants -- 5.3 million people -- have arrived since the decade began . • About 80 percent of undocumented immigrants come from Latin American countries . In March 2008 , 9.6 million people from Latin America were living illegally in the United States . Another Pew Hispanic Center study released Thursday looks at the economy , saying the current economic slowdown "  has taken a far greater toll on non-citizen immigrants than it has on the United States population as a whole . " According to an analysis of new Census Bureau data , the median annual income of non-citizen immigrant households fell 7.3 percent from 2006 to 2007 . In contrast , the median annual income of all U.S. households increased 1.3 percent during the same period , the report says . Immigrant heads of household who are not U.S. citizens are more vulnerable , the report says , because "  most arrived in the U.S. in recent years with only a high school education or less . Many are employed in blue-collar production and construction occupations or lower-rung occupations in the service sector . " The majority  56 percent  of non-citizen households are Hispanic . And nearly half  45 percent  of non-citizen households are headed by undocumented immigrants . The Pew Hispanic Center is a part of the Pew Research Center in Washington and is an independent research group that does not engage in advocacy or take positions on issues .	Illegals still arriving , but at lower rate , Pew Hispanic Center study says U.S. economy 's ills , stricter immigration enforcement thought responsible 30 percent of immigrant population is undocumented , researchers report Economic downturn hits non-citizen immigrants harder , separate study says
CNN  -- The National Basketball Association fined Kobe Bryant of the Los Angeles Lakers $ 100,000 on Wednesday for "  offensive and inexcusable " comments he made during Tuesday night 's game , the league said in a statement . Bryant used an expletive and an anti-gay slur directed at a referee after receiving a technical foul in a game against the San Antonio Spurs . In a pregame phone call Wednesday night to Joe Solomonese , president of the Human Rights Campaign , Bryant apologized for using the slur , the commission said in a statement . "  We had a very sincere conversation in which he expressed his heartfelt regret for the hurt that his words caused , " Solomonese said . "  He told me that it 's never OK to degrade or tease , and that he understands how his words could unfortunately give the wrong impression that this is appropriate conduct . At the end of a difficult day , I applaud Kobe for coming forward and taking responsibility for his actions . " Earlier , Bryant issued a statement saying his remarks should not be taken literally . "  My actions were out of frustration during the heat of the game , period , " he said . "  The words expressed do not reflect my feelings towards the gay and lesbian communities and were not meant to offend anyone . " But , said NBA Commissioner David Stern in a statement , "  Kobe Bryant 's comment during last night 's game was offensive and inexcusable . While I 'm fully aware that basketball is an emotional game , such a distasteful term should never be tolerated . Accordingly , I have fined Kobe $ 100,000 . Kobe and everyone associated with the NBA know that insensitive or derogatory comments are not acceptable and have no place in our game or society . " The Human Rights Campaign said earlier it supported the fine . "  We applaud Commissioner Stern and the NBA for not only fining Bryant but for recognizing that slurs and derogatory comments have no place on the basketball court or in society at large , " Solomonese said . "  We hope such swift and decisive action will send a strong and universal message that this kind of hateful outburst is simply inexcusable no matter what the context . " The Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation also issued a statement supporting the decision . "  The NBA has sent a clear message to sports fans everywhere that anti-gay slurs have no place in the game , " said Jarrett Barrios , president of the organization . " ... This decision will serve as an important precedent that will help ensure a safer , more inclusive environment for fans and players everywhere , and we look forward to continuing our dialogue with the NBA . "	NEW : In pregame phone call , Bryant apologizes to Human Rights Campaign president Bryant used an expletive and an anti-gay slur about a referee The NBA says , "  Such a distasteful term should never be tolerated "
CNN  -- President Barack Obama has made it clear to Congress that if they will not work with him he will work around them . Before the State of the Union address , the president announced that he was increasing the minimum wage for workers under federal contract to $ 10.10 an hour . During the State of the Union , "  wherever and whenever I can take steps without legislation to expand opportunity for more American families , that 's what I 'm going to do . " Republicans predictably complained . Some warned that the president was embracing an unconstitutional set of tools that would violate the laws of the land . "  We do n't have a monarchy in this country , " warned Rep. Steve Scalise , R-Louisiana , "  there 's an executive branch and the legislative branch , and the president has to work with Congress to get things done . " Though Obama has been far more timid in using executive power than President George W. Bush , many in the GOP suddenly have a legal problem with presidents going their own way . Most experts agree that what the president has done is squarely within the prerogatives accorded to presidents . There is a long history of presidents using executive power ever since the founding of the nation . The power of the office grew enormously over the course of the 20th century and presidents became increasingly comfortable using mechanisms such as signing statements and executive orders to achieve their goals . In December 1980 , President Jimmy Carter used an executive order to protect 56 million acres of Alaskan wilderness from mining and logging . President Ronald Reagan used executive power to weaken federal agencies that were responsible for policies he opposed . President Bill Clinton used an executive order in 1995 to prevent the federal government from entering into contracts with companies that hired strike-breakers . In 2001 , Bush enraged many Democrats when he restricted public access to the papers of former presidents . He also overturned many environmental regulations that Clinton had put into place . Environmentalists complained . Following the revelation of how many signing statements -- attachments to a bill in which a president can express concerns about sections that he believes to be unconstitutional -- Bush had used , Rep. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , explained that what the president was saying is "  Congress , what you do is n't really important ; I 'm going to do what I want to do . " Sen. John Cornyn , R-Texas , defended Bush , stating , "  It is precedented and it 's not new . " Obama has lagged behind most presidents in making full use of his office . The average for number of executive orders for presidents since 1900 is 44 per year . Obama has averaged 37 executive orders -- less than Republican Presidents Dwight Eisenhower , Richard Nixon , Gerald Ford , Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush . But just because the president can take executive action , is it a good idea to do so ? There are good reasons that Democrats should be leery about using presidential power to achieve their ends . Most important , the executive orders put into place by one president can be easily and quickly overturned by the next president . Killing policies that are put into place by Obama would not be extraordinarily difficult nor would it require the kind of long , protracted struggle that Republicans have engaged in with Obamacare , thus far unsuccessfully . When Clinton came into office in 1993 , he reversed Reagan 's executive order from 1984 that prohibited the use of federal funds to advocate abortion . In 2009 , Obama revoked Bush 's order restricting public access to presidential papers . Presidential power also deprives a policy of the fierce public debate and congressional vote that comes with legislation . Although the process of passing bills through Congress is usually very painful for a president , if successful a policy obtains a kind of legitimacy that rarely comes from executive action . This is evident from how durable the programs from the New Deal and Great Society , such as Social Security , the Civil Rights Act , and Medicare and Medicaid have been over time . Through legislative debate , supporters of a bill are forced to present their case and to persuade a sufficient number of representatives and senators to come to their side . Sometimes a president from one party can persuade some members from the opposition to vote for a bill , permanently putting their imprint on the policy . This was a powerful part of why the Civil Rights Act of 1964 gained such widespread legitimacy throughout the nation . Even when opponents lose , they are given their chance to say no and to explain to the public why they oppose an idea . By contrast , the process of issuing executive orders opens up policies to charges of illegitimacy in a way that are much more difficult to sell with laws passed by Congress . Equally important for a president , legislators go must go on record . When they do so in support of a bill the legislator becomes much more invested in the coming years in defending that decision . Opponents go on record as well , and when a policy turns out to be popular and successful this makes them much more hesitant to continue their attacks on a program . For decades , Republicans shied away from the kind of oppositional statements toward Medicare proposals uttered by Barry Goldwater and Reagan in the early 1960s for fear that voters would remember how they had stood firm against benefits that turned out to be enormously popular . Obama certainly would prefer to obtain legislation and the turn to executive power is a decision of last resort , one that realistically might be the only way he can achieve anything else in the next few years . But the strategy will come with some significant costs and Obama 's legacy will remain fragile and vulnerable in the coming years . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : President Obama promising to take action even though his agenda stalled in Congress He says Obama is doing what other presidents have done , but there are risks to reliance on executive orders Zelizer : Next president could quickly reverse Obama 's policies , and lack of congressional support weakens them
CNN  -- On Tuesday , the Congressional Budget Office added another reason to drop the politics and get down to the hard work of health care reform . The nonpartisan organization released a report that finds the cost of repealing the reform will balloon government deficits by $ 109 billion between 2013 and 2022 . The CBO 's report reveals the practical hurdles to repeal and underscores a growing pattern in which the key stakeholders -- states , medical providers , businesses , insurers and consumer groups -- are moving beyond the partisan squabble to the no-nonsense work of building the market place of 2014 , where everyone will be able to purchase affordable insurance regardless of pre-existing conditions . Doctors , hospitals , insurers and employers are , of course , bargaining to improve their specific stakes . They harbor reservations and uncertainties , but their general approach is "  mend it , not end it . " The medical providers welcome relief from the crushing burden of uncompensated care and from the immorality of leaving the ill without adequate care owing to patients ' inability to pay . Insurers look forward to new customers and to a new public conversation that spotlights the broader causes of high medical costs rather than blaming insurers alone . Large employers are nervous about rising costs but are generally more concerned about moderating the rate of growth and ending a system that often shifts costs to them in the financial burden of caring for the uninsured . A series of developments reveals the growing gap between the new reality on the ground and the lingering efforts of those who want to refight battles and repeal the law that the Supreme Court declared constitutional in June . Texas Gov. Rick Perry called Medicaid -- the program for the indigent -- the "  Titanic " because he did n't believe it was feasible or would prove seaworthy . Meanwhile , private business checked their bottom line and readily saw the new opportunities . Our nation 's second-largest insurer , WellPoint , paid $ 4.9 billion in cash to purchase another insurance company , Amerigroup , to dramatically expand its ability to service the expanding number of people in Medicaid . Wall Street is doubling down on insurers who do Medicaid business because of their confidence in the Medicaid expansion . As repealers complain , the marketplace created 89 new accountable care organizations , which were formed in 40 states to deliver more cost-effective care to more than 1 million people by July 1 . With great fanfare , House Republicans held a hearing earlier this month to profile how health reform interferes with patient care . There 's one problem : They are unable to feature the leading voices of patient care -- the American Medical Association and American Hospital Association -- because those organizations support reform as good for patients . And then , of course , we have the voters . Only about a fifth push for full repeal . And many Americans , including rank-and-file Republicans , support new protections against insurers who turn away customers with pre-existing conditions or terminate policies when the costs of care pass annual limits . Even if Republicans won the White House and congressional majorities in November , the frustrating legislative trapdoors that slowed and nearly killed health reform in 2009 and 2010 will likely remain hurdles to repeal . The reluctance of stakeholders , states and voters will stir consternation , delay and deadlock . The growing talk among Republicans of what would replace "  repeal " is an early indicator of the changes afoot . Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell recently offered a dose of reality to calm repeal fever when he counseled that "  it 's a lot harder to undo something than it is to stop it in the first place . " Mitt Romney 's position may be the most revealing . Against driving hailstorms from those favoring repeal , he has continued to support his reform in Massachusetts because he knows where stakeholders stand . While he wo n't force states to implement his or the national reforms  he says he 'd like to repeal the Affordable Care Act  , his continued support for the Massachusetts reform will make it very difficult for him to deny other states the same opportunity that President George W. Bush gave him . Reform of America 's health care system is under way , reconfiguring how care is provided and paid for . It is time to shift from symbolism and theatrics to the details of improving the transition that is occurring . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joel Ario and Lawrence R. Jacobs .	Joel Ario , Lawrence Jacobs : Cost of repealing health care reform will increase deficits Key stakeholders are starting to build the new health market place , they say States , medical providers , businesses , insurers and consumers embrace reform Ario , Jacobs : It 's time to put aside politics and embrace the new health care system
CNET  -- To help answer some questions about this week 's Copyright Office announcement regarding the legality of so-called cell phone jailbreaking , or the modification of the software that comes with iPhones and other handsets that is designed not to be changed , we 've compiled the following list of Frequently Asked Questions : What does the Copyright Office 's ruling mean ? The short answer is that jailbreaking your iPhone or other mobile device will no longer violate a controversial federal copyright law called the Digital Millennium Copyright Act , or DMCA . Bypassing a manufacturer 's protection mechanisms to allow "  handsets to execute software applications " is now permitted . But in practice , the actual impact of that portion of the decision may be limited . How does it affect iPhones specifically ? Apple exercises greater control of its hardware and software than most of its competitors . Anyone remember last fall 's court-ordered permanent injunction that Apple won against Psystar , which sold PCs with OS X pre-installed ? On the iPhone , Apple restricts the software that can be loaded onto the device . Applications can be downloaded through the App Store , and to be included in the App Store , the program has to be vetted and approved by Apple . Apple says this maintains a high-quality user experience and weeds out malware .  An executive summed it up : "  You and your family and friends can download applications from the store , and for the most part they do what you 'd expect , and they get onto your phone , and you get billed appropriately , and it all just works . " But if users want software that 's not permitted in the App Store -- Google Voice is a big one , and tethering is another -- they need to jailbreak their phone . That unlocks the file system , allowing apps to be added without Apple 's permission . Groups of software developers and individuals work to devise jailbreaking software for every new version of the iPhone 's operating system that is released . The best known is probably the iPhone Dev Team , which makes its software available at no cost . Why do you say the practical impact of the Copyright Office 's decision is limited ? Until this week , Apple has possessed the legal equivalent of a double-barreled shotgun , which would have permitted the company to file lawsuits accusing users  or jailbreak software creators  of violating both the DMCA and breaching the contract in the form of the Apple iPhone Software License Agreement . Now , thanks to the Copyright Office , Apple 's legal arsenal has been reduced to a single-barreled shotgun , the license agreement . But these amount to legal claims that the company could in theory pursue . In reality , Apple has never sued a single person for jailbreaking or distributing jailbreaking software . It 's never even threatened to do so , even after years have elapsed . Translated : If Apple is n't going to sue the hundreds of thousands of customers merrily jailbreaking their iPhones , or the active developer community abetting their theoretically illicit activities , it does n't matter what the caliber of their legal weaponry is . So why should we care ? We asked Jennifer Granick , an attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation , the San Francisco-based civil liberties group that successfully petitioned the Copyright Office for the exception . Here 's what she told us : "  Apple 's never sued jailbreakers , but they claim it violates the DMCA , and thus there 's a legal cloud . If they were right , they could stop people from jailbreaking the phones , i.e. get an injunction . Now , they ca n't . Even if it violates contract law , they 'd have to sue , and all they could get would be a tiny bit of money . It greatly decreases any incentive they might have or develop to sue . And it takes injunction off the table . Which means that the law will not , in the next three years , prevent people from jailbreaking their phones . " In addition , the possibility of punitive damages has been eliminated . What does Apple say ? Our old friend Leander Kahney extracted a statement from Apple on Monday , which says simply : "  Apple 's goal has always been to insure that our customers have a great experience with their iPhone and we know that jailbreaking can severely degrade the experience . As we 've said before , the vast majority of customers do not jailbreak their iPhones as this can violate the warranty and can cause the iPhone to become unstable and not work reliably . " Earlier , Apple had told the Copyright Office it opposed EFF 's request in part because the App Store process protected consumers , because iPhone customers only license the software and do not own it , and that fair use should not allow circumvention . What was the Copyright Office 's reasoning ? On all the important counts , it agreed with the EFF . It said , for instance , that "  the amount of copyrighted work modified in a typical jailbreaking scenario is fewer than 50 bytes of code out of more than 8 million bytes , or approximately 1/160 ,000 of the copyrighted work as a whole . " The Obama administration had sided with Apple . The Department of Commerce said that granting the exemption "  might just as likely deter innovation by not allowing the developer to recoup its development costs and to be rewarded for its innovation . " A side note : the Copyright Office also granted another exemption , which allows used handsets to be reprogrammed to enable use of the mobile phone on another network . Why would I want to risk jailbreaking my iPhone ? You might want to jailbreak your phone if there 's a piece of software you simply must have . But jailbreaking should probably be left to people who are technologically savvy -- after all , if something goes wrong , you 're on your own . The two big dangers to jailbreaking your phone are voiding your warranty , and not correctly following the instructions of whatever software program you 're using to do the jailbreak , which can lead to a unusable or "  bricked " phone . Taking a phone that 's been jailbroken into an Apple store , or sending it to Apple 's service center means they likely wo n't fix it because you 've violated your user agreement . This includes repairing something that is not software-related , like a cracked screen . You may be able to find an authorized repair center that would do it , but it 's still a risk . According to Apple , the company 's support department already receives "  literally millions of reported instances of problems flowing from jailbroken phones . " In a letter to the U.S. Copyright Office  PDF  opposing the new exemption , Apple warned that legitimizing the practice of jailbreaking would be a security risk for the devices and result in more malware being installed because the App Store 's protections would be bypassed . So does Apple have to support jailbreaking ? Nope . Section 2  c  of the Apple iPhone Software License Agreement  PDF  bans any attempt to "  modify " the iPhone software or to reverse-engineer it . What that means is that Apple can still legally -- if it chooses -- protect its phones from jailbreaking . The contract formed between the user and Apple  and the user and the wireless carrier  when the iPhone owner agrees to the user licensing agreement is binding , says Tom Sydnor , a senior fellow with the Progress and Freedom Foundation who takes an expansive view of copyright law . Just because the DMCA allows individuals an exemption to jailbreak their own phones , "  it does n't mean Apple or a carrier ca n't protect contractual restrictions to deal with it , " Sydnor said . "  Essentially the exemption says this is the sort of thing that falls in bounds of contracts . " Apple could pursue breach of contract if someone jailbreaks their phone , or they could sue a person or company that creates jailbreak software for inducing someone to breach their contract with Apple . In other words , Sydnor said , "  even if there was no DMCA , you could still be bound not to circumvent that technological protection . " What does the DMCA do , exactly ? Check out section 1201 of the text of the 1998 law . Part 1 says that , in general , "  no person shall circumvent a technological measure that effectively controls access " to a copyrighted work , including a computer program . Part 2 says that "  no person shall manufacture , import , offer to the public , provide , or otherwise traffic " in any software that allows such circumvention .  Note this restriction has little impact on overseas software developers . But there 's an important caveat to the first part . The Library of Congress ' Copyright Office is charged with evaluating the DMCA 's impact every three years and adding exemptions on behalf of Americans who want to make "  noninfringing uses " of copyrighted works . The last round of exemptions , for instance , said it 's officially legal to "  unlock " your cell phone 's firmware if you 're hoping to switch carriers while continuing to use the same device . So how does this week 's DMCA announcement benefit consumers ? While it does n't completely remove all legal repercussions from users who want to jailbreak their own phone , losing the protection of the DMCA was a blow to Apple and other phone makers with proprietary software , according to Jason Schultz , co-director of Samuelson Law , Technology & Public Policy Clinic at UC Berkeley School of Law . "  It is an uphill battle now for Apple . What this does is kind of shifts things in favor of users , " said Schultz . "  If Apple goes to court they have to explain to a judge why the copyright office is wrong  in this case  or why other laws should trump copyright laws . " "  Another way to say it is the DMCA was Apple 's strongest weapon in controlling the iPhone platform .  Losing that exemption  is like losing your best player on the team , " he said . CNET 's Josh Lowensohn contributed to this report . © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Copyright Office says jailbreaking your iPhone no longer violates copyright law If if users want software not in the App Store , they need to jailbreak their phone But Apple could pursue breach of contract if someone jailbreaks their phone
Editor 's Note : Benjamin Todd Jealous is the president and CEO of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , which advocates for the rights of all persons and for an end to racial hatred and discrimination . NAACP President Benjamin Jealous and wife Lia Epperson Jealous at the Image Awards in February . ESSENCE  -- My 3-year-old daughter scampers into my lap . "  You are a silly goose ball , Daddy , " she says laughing , delighted with her characterization of her father , who she thinks is a president just like Obama . When I explain to her that he is the big president and I am a little president , she gazes up at my 6-foot , 4-inch frame and says , "  You are n't little , Daddy , you are a big president , too . " The love I hold for my precocious daughter defies words . I already know that when my baby starts dating , no man will be good enough for her . I 'm not one of those dads who will hold her to some racially imposed requirement . I want her to choose whoever makes her happy , complements her soul , and respects her dignity as a woman . If that person happens not to be black , so be it . But I do want her to have a choice of African-American men . The disproportionate number of black men swept into the prison system threatens that hope . Watch concern about marriage , apology for slavery " According to The Sentencing Project , one in three black men born today can expect to go to prison , if the current trend continues . It goes without saying that we have to take responsibility for instilling values in our children that will help them stay out of the criminal justice system . It 's a fact that the majority of young African-American men are not in jail , and millions are in college or working . Still , on any given day , one in every ten black men between ages 25 and 29 is incarcerated . And while black men remain disproportionately targeted by the criminal justice system , black women are one of the fastest growing prison populations . Much of this growth has come as a result of nonviolent drug offenses . Kemba Smith 's now-familiar story is typical . She fell in the wrong crowd at school and got drawn into an abusive relationship with a drug dealer . Eventually , after enduring the relationship for four years , she was indicted and pleaded guilty to conspiracy to distribute crack cocaine . She was sentenced to 24 1/2 years behind bars with no parole . Kemba served nearly seven years in a federal prison , gave birth to her son in jail , and only regained her freedom after former President Clinton granted her clemency following a worldwide outcry over her case . While Kemba is free today , raising her son , writing and advocating for other young women , her story is not unusual . One of every 100 African-American women 35 to 39 is in prison or jail , compared with 1 in 358 white women of that same age group . As more young black mothers get caught up in this dragnet of incarceration , many of their children are doomed to a foster care system that may bounce them from home to home , then kick them out at 18 to fend for themselves . Changing this paradigm is our moral responsibility and it 's fiscally smart . It is cheaper to send nonviolent drug offenders to a drug treatment facility where they can get help than send them to prison . This is a perfect storm for change , a rare confluence of moral imperative and fiscal necessity . The economic and political shifts in our country have opened the door to advance policies that we thought would take decades to push through . President Obama has already indicated his support for eliminating the crack and cocaine sentencing disparity that metes out mandatory prison time to poor black people while letting whites go with a slap on the wrist for basically the same offenses . We triumphed this year in overturning the draconian Rockefeller drug laws in New York , which for 35 years forced long mandatory prison terms on first-time nonviolent drug offenders , most of them blacks and Latinos . This month we are celebrating our Centennial Convention in New York , our birthplace . Like the dreams of the past that many insisted were beyond reach , the struggle to right our nation 's criminal justice wrongs is a bold vision . For the sake of our sons and daughters in the next 100 years , we can not rest until this dream is embraced and won . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Benjamin Todd Jealous .	NAACP Pres. Benjamin Jealous : Wants daughter to be able to marry black man Notes that one in every ten black men between ages 25 and 29 is incarcerated Says justice system targets blacks and treats them more harshly for drug offenses Points out that treating drug addicts is cheaper , better than imprisoning them
CNN  -- Wayne Rooney and Paul Scholes scored as Manchester United beat 10-man Queens Park Rangers 2-0 Sunday to strengthen their grip on the English Premier League title with six matches to play . Victory left the defending champions eight points clear of local rivals Manchester City , who were beaten 1-0 at Arsenal in the late kickoff . Arsenal 's Spanish midfielder Mikel Arteta beat England goalkeeper Joe Hart with a superb shot three minutes from time to all but end City 's hopes of a first league title since 1968 . Second-placed City 's misery was complete when striker Mario Balotelli was sent off just before the final whistle for a second yellow card . Manager Roberto Mancini had told Sky Sports that with United winning at home to QPR his side had to win to stay in the championship race . "  Today for us is like a final , otherwise eight points is too much , " he told Sky Sports . Interviewed after the defeat , Mancini admitted that with the points gap "  it 's very difficult but we will do our best . " He was also angered by Balotelli , who was lucky to stay on the pitch after a first-half tackle on Alex Song before being booked after tangling with Bacary Sagna . "  The first tackle was bad , " said Mancini . "  I defend Mario because he is a good guy but if he does n't change in the future he could waste his talent . He ca n't continue to play like this . " Arsenal 's deserved win after a game they dominated took them two points clear of north London rivals Tottenham Hotspur in the battle for third spot . Earlier , United continued their recent superb run against strugglers QPR after being given the benefit of a dubious early decision . The visitors were immediately on the back foot when Shaun Derry was shown a straight red card for a challenge on Ashley Young in conceding a penalty . It looked a marginal decision with television replays indicating Young was offside , but Rooney thumped home the penalty for his 30th goal of the season and his 12th in 12 matches . QPR boss Mark Hughes said the club would be appealing the decision -- the second in recent matches to favor United after Fulham 's Danny Murphy was denied a clear penalty in his team 's 1-0 defeat last month . "  These are massive decisions that affect people 's livelihoods . Decisions are not being correctly made and they are affecting too many people , " the former United striker told reporters . "  The referee was too quick to put his whistle to his mouth . The kid was still rolling around and he had already given a penalty . His assistant did n't have the opportunity to put his flag up . " United took control and in the second half the veteran Scholes duly grabbed his third goal since coming out of retirement as United made it 11 wins in 12 EPL matches . QPR remained just above the relegation zone albeit on goal difference alone after the defeat .	Manchester United go eight points clear in English Premier League on Sunday United beat struggling QPR 2-0 with Wayne Rooney and Paul Scholes scoring QPR to appeal the decision to send off Shaun Derry early in the match Manchester City lose 1-0 at third-placed Arsenal as Mario Balotelli is sent off
CNN  -- The Marussia Formula One team has ruled out a mechanical fault as the cause of a test crash which resulted in its female driver losing her right eye . Maria de Villota was left in a serious condition after colliding with a stationary truck during a test event at a British airfield earlier this month , and needed two operations . The Russian-owned marque has conducted extensive tests of the MR01 car involved in the incident , alongside investigations by British regulator the Health and Safety Executive  HSE  and an external forensic body , but concluded a vehicular fault was not to blame . Webber signs one-year contract extension "  We are satisfied that the findings of our internal investigation exclude the car as a factor in the accident , " Marussia team principal John Booth said in a statement . "  We have shared and discussed our findings with the HSE for their consideration as part of their ongoing investigation . This has been a necessarily thorough process in order to understand the cause of the accident . "  We have now concluded our investigatory work and can again focus on the priority , which continues to be Maria 's wellbeing . In that regard , we continue to support Maria and the De Villota family in any way we can . " De Villota family touched by support De Villota , who was driving the MR01 for the first time before the crash , is one of only two female drivers contracted to an F1 team . The other , Britain 's Susie Wolff , has a development role at Williams . The Spaniard 's father Emilio de Villota was also an F1 driver between 1976 and 1982 . Marussia will now continue its preparations for this weekend 's German Grand Prix at Hockenheim , the 10th race of the 2012 season .	Marussia F1 team rules out car as cause of Maria De Villota 's crash De Villota lost her right eye following a crash at a test event this month The Spaniard needed two operations after hitting a stationary truck The 32-year-old is one of just two female drivers contracted to an F1 team
Reader 's Digest  -- "  Would you marry the same person again ? " could be a dangerous question . However , an international poll conducted in 15 countries reveals that 68 percent of respondents , and even more women , would again say "  I do " to their spouse . The survey , which was conducted by Reader 's Digest and published in the March issue , reveals that China has the highest level of spousal satisfaction  83 percent . Also at the top of the list : The Philippines , Germany and the Netherlands . The United States came in at number 12 for satisfaction levels  63 percent  and Malaysia last  59 percent . On average , men were more dissatisfied with their wives than women with their husbands . Malaysia tops the list with 48 percent of men stating they would untie the knot if given the chance . In Italy , however , 42 percent of the women would say "  arrivederci " to their husbands . Peggy Northrop , VP/Global Editor-in-Chief , Reader 's Digest , said : "  In the countries where marrying young is part of the culture , people seem to have a long time to wonder ` What if ? ' The survey results reminded me of the saying ` Marry in haste , regret at leisure . ' Age and wisdom still influence marital satisfaction . " In the United States , Brazil , and Great Britain , respondents over age 45 are more likely than younger people to feel satisfied with their choices . But in Canada , France , India , Malaysia , and Spain , it is the 45-and-unders who feel more happily matched . In the Philippines , where couples marry younger than in most nations , only 20 percent of those over age 45 say they would stay with the same spouse . The countries that participated in the survey were Australia , Brazil , Canada , China , France , Germany , India , Italy , Malaysia , Netherlands , Philippines , Russia , Spain , United Kingdom , and the United States . Read a complete list of results here .	68 percent of respondents say they would marry the same person again China has the highest level of spousal satisfaction , and Malaysia the least , survey finds On average men were more dissatisfied with their wives than women with their husbands
CNN  -- Rebecca MacKinnon : We 're losing control of our digital privacy The erosion of privacy rights under the Fourth Amendment , written to protect us against unreasonable search and seizure , began in earnest under President George W. Bush . The Patriot Act , passed overwhelmingly but hastily after 9/11 , allows the FBI to obtain telecommunication , financial , and credit records without a court order . Moreover , the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act 's 2008 amendment act grants U.S. companies immunity from being sued by their customers when they comply even with blatantly illegal government surveillance requests . As a presidential candidate in 2008 , Barack Obama pledged to reform the Patriot Act and rescind the FISA Amendments Act , but as president he reversed his position . The Obama administration has fought bipartisan efforts in Congress to bring the change he once championed . The result is the "  new normal " : surveillance , often of questionable legality and sometimes clear illegality , against which Americans have little effective recourse , on the rare occasions that we even know that violations are taking place . Read more ... Rebecca MacKinnon is a Bernard L. Schwartz senior fellow at the New America Foundation , co-founder of the international bloggers ' network Global Voices Online , and a founding board member of the Global Network Initiative . She is the author of "  Consent of the Networked : The Worldwide Struggle for Internet Freedom . " Douglas Rushkoff : NSA 's phone snooping a different kind of creepy I 'm finding it hard to get too worked up over the revelation that the National Security Agency has been authorized by the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to collect all our call data from Verizon . Has n't everyone already assumed this ? Everything we do in the digital realm -- from surfing the Web to sending an e-mail to conducting a credit card transaction to , yes , making a phone call -- creates a data trail . And if that trail exists , chances are someone is using it -- or will be soon enough . Read more ... Douglas Rushkoff writes a regular column for CNN.com . He is a media theorist and the author of the new book "  Present Shock : When Everything Happens Now . Bruce Schneier : The Internet is a surveillance state All of us being watched , all the time , and that data being stored forever . This is what a surveillance state looks like , and it 's efficient beyond the wildest dreams of George Orwell . Sure , we can take measures to prevent this . We can limit what we search on Google from our iPhones , and instead use computer web browsers that allow us to delete cookies . We can use an alias on Facebook . We can turn our cell phones off and spend cash . But increasingly , none of it matters . There are simply too many ways to be tracked . The Internet , e-mail , cell phones , web browsers , social networking sites , search engines : these have become necessities , and it 's fanciful to expect people to simply refuse to use them just because they do n't like the spying , especially since the full extent of such spying is deliberately hidden from us and there are few alternatives being marketed by companies that do n't spy . This is n't something the free market can fix . We consumers have no choice in the matter . All the major companies that provide us with Internet services are interested in tracking us . Read more ... Bruce Schneier is a security technologist and author of "  Liars and Outliers : Enabling the Trust Society Needs to Survive . " Neil M. Richards : Surveillance state no answer to terror Terror attacks , plane crashes , even school shootings stick in our head out of all proportion to the danger they pose to us as individual citizens precisely because they are extraordinary . But remember the big picture . How many people do you know who have been the victims of terrorism ? On the other hand , how many people do you know who have suffered from cancer , or obesity , or gun violence ? If we 're interested in safety , public health and gun control are much more important issues than terrorism . They , not surveillance , should be our safety priority . We should honor the victims . We should praise the Bostonians , police and private citizens , who helped find the culprits . But we should also rest secure that our system of government is working . We should reject , like Edward Davis did , any call to move further towards a police state . Read more ... Neil Richards is a professor of law at Washington University . He tweets about privacy at @neilmrichards and is the author of the recent Harvard Law Review article , "  The Dangers of Surveillance . " Michael Hayden : Obama administration overreached on leak probes Intelligence agencies often act on the edges of executive prerogative and move forward based on a narrow base of lawfulness and limited congressional notificationâ $ " and these are often sufficient to underpin a one-off covert action . But democracies do n't get to do anything repeatedly over a long period  like drone strikes and targeted killings  without political supportâ $ " and political support is the end point of a process that begins with informed debate . Informed debate depends on information , the kind that most journalists seek . We can not make public the nation 's legitimate secrets , but Americans need a broad outline of what is being done on their behalf . Ironically , the public dialogue generated by a free press may be one of the best guarantors that the Republic will , in the future , be able to act boldly  and occasionally secretly  in its own defense . Read more ... Gen. Michael V. Hayden , who was appointed by President George W. Bush as CIA director in 2006 and served until February 2009 , is a principal with the Chertoff Group , a security consulting firm . He serves on the boards of several defense firms and is a distinguished visiting professor at George Mason University . Rand Paul : Do n't let drones invade our privacy When assuming office , every government official must take an oath to abide by and uphold our Constitution . Since 2010 , I have made that my mission in Congress . Unfortunately , the Obama administration is not upholding nor abiding by the Constitution -- in fact , this administration is going to great lengths to continually violate it . Its most recent transgression involves the use of domestic drones . These small drones are to be used as a crime fighting tool for law enforcement officials . But is unwarranted and constant surveillance by an aerial eye of Big Government the answer ? Read more ... Rand Paul , a Republican , is a U.S. senator from Kentucky . Frida Ghitis : Google knows too much about you If Americans -- or people anywhere -- decided to take up Google 's offer to check out its new policy , they would discover something so troubling , so frightening , really , that it would override the national tendency to leave companies alone to make money how they see fit . At least in the case of companies such as Google -- and now Facebook -- which know more about us than even our closest friends . Read more ... Frida Ghitis is a world affairs columnist for The Miami Herald and World Politics Review . A former CNN producer and correspondent , she is the author of "  The End of Revolution : A Changing World in the Age of Live Television . " Follow her on Twitter : @FridaGColumns . David Frum : Privacy was good while it lasted To be a politician today is to live in some ways like a citizen of North Korea . A politician must assume that he or she is under 24-hour audio-visual surveillance . Any objectionable remark , any untoward joke , any awkward facial expression may be recorded and broadcast . Professional and personal ruin can strike at any moment . If George Allen 's "  macaca " moment did n't drive home the point , Scott Prouty 's 47 % video certainly should . But it 's not only politicians who live under perpetual surveillance . We all do ! Read more ... David Frum , a CNN contributor , is a contributing editor at Newsweek and The Daily Beast . He is the author of eight books , including a new novel , "  Patriots , " and a post-election e-book , "  Why Romney Lost . " Frum was a special assistant to President George W. Bush from 2001 to 2002 . Amitai Etzioni : Despite Facebook , privacy is far from dead If you read closely the various alarmist articles about the death of privacy , you soon will note that many deal either with public spaces or with hypotheticals . They claim that police could abuse these tools , might use them to ill effect and so on . The American Civil Liberties Union , for example , criticized the use of drones by law enforcement by arguing that such use "  could eventually eliminate the privacy Americans have traditionally enjoyed in their movements and activities . " Facebook has been caught in the same crossfire between strong privacy advocates and the social benefits it generates for hundred of millions who use it to communicate with their families and friends , close and not so close . It improved its privacy settings , though it still takes a considerable amount of effort to set them at the specific level one prefers . However , if Facebook users choose to ignore the risk to their privacy when they log in to this domain , which is known for its openness , their complaints must be taken with a grain of salt . Read more ... Amitai Etzioni is professor of international relations and director of the Institute for Communitarian Policy Studies at George Washington University . He is the author of "  The Limits of Privacy . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	CNN Opinion rounded up a selection of essays about privacy and security Neil Richards : After Boston terror attack , some call for more surveillance . That 's a bad idea David Frum : Privacy was a relatively recent human invention ; now it 's likely gone forever Rebecca MacKinnon : Government 's surveillance powers have expanded
The Tour de France is arguably the world 's toughest event -- but it 's just got a whole lot tougher . One of the few sporting occasions where fans do n't pay to watch its stars , one of the Tour 's charms has been allowing its followers to get up close and personal . You are literally in touching distance of your heroes . That 's especially true on the arduous climbs in the Pyrenees and the Alps where hundreds of thousands of cycling fanatics line the roads . But the Tour 's three-day visit to Britain has raised a new potential obstacle for the cycling 's elite riders -- the selfie . As an estimated million people lined the narrow roads between Cambridge and London , the near 200-strong peloton were taking extra care to avoid spectators taking the social media craze just a little too far . Official estimates put the number of fans who watched Le Grand Depart in Yorkshire over two days at 2.5 million , with Tour organizers claiming it was close to double . But with most armed with mobile phone cameras , the dangers of individuals taking a shot of themselves but forgetting cyclists were powering past at 45kph per hour only inches away was all too apparent . Team Sky star Geraint Thomas marveled at the fans supporting him as a home rider , but said the selfish selfie takers were "  a giant pain in the arse . " American rider TJ Van Garderen went further and went on Twitter to send out a warning . "  A dangerous mix of vanity and stupidity . "  Standing I the middle of the road with you back turned while 200 cyclists come at you , just to take a selfie . . think . TDF2014 , " he moaned . Monday 's stage saw one of Thomas ' teammates , David Lopez , brush shoulders with a fan who was not paying attention , fortunately without serious injury to either party . Despite being a work day , the crowds were again immense , particularly in the many small towns and villages on the route and in central London with massive fan parks in Green Park and Trafalgar Square . Two years ago sports mad Britain was gripped by Olympic fever , now it was being replicated as the world 's greatest cycling race sped past . At the Olympic Park at Stratford in East London the crowd grew rapidly as many people took an extended lunch hour to reserve their own viewing point . Once again most were carrying mobiles or tablet devices but there were no worries about selfies here as the roads around the Olympic Stadium were barriered -- with stewards taking their responsibilities seriously . Malcolm Smither from Essex had been one of the much lauded Games Makers at the London Olympics , and was using his skills again as an official Tour Maker to usher the crowds to their vantage points and keep their spirits up . "  It 's the first time I 've been to the Tour de France and I 'm very excited , " he told CNN . Fellow Tour Maker Julia Peters , from Portmouth , said it the experience had evoked memories of 2012 . "  It 's very nostalgic for a lot of us and it is great to be back , " she said . Not all the fans were British , Tom Russell , from Ohio , was on holiday and as an avid cycling fan was determined to watch the Tour , "  it is such a great atmosphere , " he said . But most at the side of the roadside had little knowledge of professional cycling . Local resident Sheila Williams had taken her children and grandchildren to watch . "  You 've got to support them , " she said while professing she had never heard of Britain 's great cycling hero Bradley Wiggins . So sure enough as first the breakaway duo of Frenchman Jean-Marc Bideau and Jan Barta of the Czech Republic came flying past , with thousand of cameras capturing the moment , Sheila and her family cheered them to an echo . About a minute later the main bunch muscled past -- already closing fast on the doomed escapees . The whole action had taken probably less than two minutes , after which the crowd slowly dispersed , with many them gathering around one of the big TV screens which had been put in place for the Olympics . They saw Bideau and Barta caught after their heroic 150km effort , sportingly applauding at the moment of the catch . A few minutes later another burst of applause as Germany 's Marcel Kittel powered up the Mall in front of Buckingham Palace to win his second stage of this year 's Tour with Italy 's Vincenzo Nibali holding on to the race leader 's yellow jersey . It did not appear to matter to the crowd that Britain 's great sprinting her Mark Cavendish , winner of 25 Tour stages , was absent after crashing out of the race Saturday . Keith Wiggans , who hails from Lancashire , had watched the action on all three days , including at Haworth , home of Bronte sisters , who penned a series of literary masterpieces . "  On the climbs the atmosphere was absolutely fantastic , " he said . " There 's been an explosion of interest which started with the exploits of Chris Hoy , " he added . Hoy won six gold medals at the Olympics in the track sprint events , a far cry from the 3,664 km which make up the three-week Tour de France this year . But his exploits and that of Wiggins , who won the 2012 Tour de France and Cavendish , raised the profile of cycling in Britain to new heights . Kittel , who won last year 's iconic final stage on the Champs Elysees in Paris , said the atmosphere on the Mall had come "  pretty close " to that . "  I 'm pretty sad that we 'll finish only once here because it 's a great atmosphere by the side of the road . It was one of the greatest finishes I 've ever seen because of this great scenery , " he added . The Tour will now move to France for the remaining 18 stages and it remains to be seen if in its traditional home the crowds seen in England can be matched . If also remains to be seen if the selfie craze spreads across the channel to pose a threat to the peloton , who have enough to cope with on those punishing climbs of the Alps and Pyrenees . Defending champion Chris Froome of Team Sky will now carry the hopes of the ever-growing band of cycling aficionados from Britain , well placed just two seconds behind Nibali .	Millions line streets of Britain again for Tour de France Third stage finishes in London on the Mall Marcel Kittel of Germany wins his second stage of race Tour ` selfies ' have been a problem for the riders
CNN  -- A roller coaster at Six Flags Fiesta Texas in San Antonio has been temporarily closed as a precautionary measure after a woman died last week on a similar ride at Six Flags over Texas in Arlington . No injuries have been reported on the Iron Rattler in San Antonio , which opened in May , but it will remain closed while officials investigate the Six Flags death in Arlington . Meanwhile , an inquest by the Tarrant County medical examiner 's office revealed details Tuesday on how Rosy Esparza died after being ejected from her third-row seat as the Texas Giant roller coaster began a steep descent on the first large hill . On Friday , Esparza fell about 75 feet , struck a metal beam and came to rest on the metal roof of a tunnel , the inquest found . Esparza , 52 , of Dallas died of multiple traumatic injuries and had extensive trauma to her torso , the medical examiner said . Esparza , who is identified in the report by her maiden name of Rosa Irene Ayala-Gaona , was pronounced dead at the scene . After deadly roller coaster ride , more questions than answers The manner of her death is pending further investigation and laboratory results , the medical examiner 's office said . At its highest point , the Texas Giant is 153 feet and has a drop of 147 feet , according to the theme park . The Texas Giant was originally designed in 1990 as an all wooden roller coaster . It was redesigned with a steel track and reopened in April 2011 to mark the theme park 's 50th anniversary . Esparza 's son-in-law and his wife were sitting in front of her at the time . Contrary to witness accounts reported by CNN affiliates , Ronald Segovia told CNN he did not hear his mother-in-law mention that her seat did not lock properly . Police : No fould play seen in Texas roller coaster death Segovia also told CNN that Esparza was sitting by herself , contrary to initial reports she was sitting beside her son . Her sons , according to Segovia , were not there . In Facebook posts Saturday , her sons described the experience as horrific . On Saturday , authorities said an initial investigation showed no sign of foul play in the woman 's death . "  At this point of the investigation , it does not appear there was any foul play or criminality associated with this tragic incident , " the Arlington Police Department said in a statement . Six Flags Over Texas spokeswoman Sharon Parker said the park is committed to determining what happened . Visitors to fixed-site amusement parks -- places where rides are permanently attached to the ground -- have a one in 24 million chance of being seriously injured , according to the International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions . Opinion : Death my ` amusement ' CNN 's Todd Sperry contributed to this report .	NEW : Details emerge on how woman died last week on Texas Giant roller coaster NEW : Woman , 52 , was ejected , fell 75 feet , hit metal beam , landed on tunnel roof The Iron Rattler at Six Flags Fiesta Texas in San Antonio temporarily closes The shuttering is precautionary ; no injuries have occurred on the Iron Rattler
CNN  -- The Baghdad talks over Iran 's nuclear program concluded inconclusively with a decision to continue negotiating in Moscow next month . How could they have ended otherwise ? Too much suspicion , mistrust and too many complex issues to imagine an early breakthrough . At the same time , the uncertainties reflect something else too . Let me make a prediction . There will be no war with Iran in 2012 and no comprehensive deal on the nuclear issue either . Sanctions have forced the Iranians to alter the pace of its nuclear program but not to abandon it . Right now it 's in everyone 's interest to defuse tensions , and to paraphrase Winston Churchill , to jaw-jaw rather than wah-wah . Unless Iran is prepared to give up its quest for nukes  and it is n't  , we 've averted war but not eliminated the threat . Think 2013 . For the past six months , the relationship between Iran and the West has been defined by covert war and much talk of an overt one . For the next six , the trope will be "  let 's make a deal . " The reasons are n't hard to divine . First , sanctions are taking their toll and are on the verge of getting tougher . In early July , the Europeans will impose additional oil sanctions . Second , the position of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has been strengthened as a result of parliamentary elections and mullah maneuvering . If he were inclined to show flexibility , the decider-in-chief is in a better position to do it now . And third , let 's face it , nobody -- not the Iranians , the Europeans , the Obama administration , not even the Israelis , particularly if they have to do it alone -- wants a war . All of these factors have combined to create an opening for that almighty and much-revered diplomatic deus ex machina : the process . To be kind , that 's just another word for describing how to manage a problem you ca n't resolve today . The desire to shift from talk of war to actual talk and negotiations is both logical and understandable . In fact , given the limited options right now , a process is much better than the alternative . The hope is that negotiations can create an opening for a small deal on the nuclear issue in which Iran would agree to enrich uranium at much reduced levels , agree to inspections and perhaps even export its stockpile of weapons-grade material out of the country in return for an easing of some of the less onerous sanctions . This incremental approach , tiny steps for tiny feet , would buy time and space to enhance confidence and create trust . It might even pave the way for broader discussions on other key issues that divide Iran and the West . Maybe even a grander bargain might follow . The only problem with this approach is that its chances of success are dubious . In coming weeks and months , the negotiating process may well produce limited understandings . But it 's hard to see how these will turn into a sustainable deal that can convince the West , let alone the Israelis , that Iran has given up its quest for nukes . Three major realities will make it all the harder : Iran wants a nuclear capacity . Outside of the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council , four nations possess nukes : Israel , India , Pakistan and North Korea . All are fundamentally insecure and perceive nukes as a core advantage in their security and foreign policy theology . Iran is insecure , but it believes it is profoundly entitled . This mix of vulnerability and grandiosity is a bad combination . The Iranian regime wants the bomb , not primarily to have the option of attacking Israel , a possible fringe benefit , but as a hedge against regime change and as a prestige weapon in its quest for regional power and influence . Had the Shah not been turned out by the 1979 revolution , Iran would already have nukes . Iran fashions itself a great power , and great powers believe they need the ultimate weapon . Iran 's nuclear program is too advanced , too entrenched , too redundant and too secretive to be stopped permanently , even by military attack . To do so , you 'd need to change the regime . The U.S.-Iranian Cold War . The nuclear issue needs to be seen in the context of the broader dysfunction in the relationship between Washington and Tehran . Truth is , the regime is right . America wants an end to its repression and brutality , freedom for the Iranian people and Iran 's regional ambitions curtailed . There 's almost no issue on which Washington and Tehran agree , from support for Hamas and Hezbollah , to backing the Assads , to Iranian terrorism , to support for Shia insurgents , to Iraq and to Israel and the Palestinians . Given the level of suspicion and mistrust , the odds of finding a sustainable modus vivendi soon , particularly against the backdrop of the regime change issue , are slim to none . As long as the regime is convinced that America wants it replaced and Iran 's regional ambitions muzzled , Iran will continue its quest for nukes . Indeed , the nuclear issue ca n't be separated from the issue of regime insecurity . It 's emblematic of Iran 's hopes and fears . Israeli hopes and fears factor centrally into the equation too . We would n't have the tough sanctions we do if it were n't for President Obama 's and the Europeans ' fear of an Israeli strike . Paradoxically , Obama fears an Israeli strike more than the mullahs do . On one hand , you might argue that the Israeli threats have increased the chances of a diplomatic resolution . That would be true , but only if Iran actually feared an Israeli attack or if it were n't determined to continue its quest for nukes . But the Iranian regime wo n't stop , and will inch closer to a breakout capacity to produce a weapon . And the Israelis will then have to decide whether to launch a military strike or bring enough pressure on the Obama administration to do so , even if it only means a setback of a year or two . Only one country can stop Iran from acquiring a military nuclear capacity -- that 's Iran , should it judge the costs of acquisition too high . Now process , diplomacy and negotiations are king . But without some fundamental breakthrough in the talks or some other unpredictable event that changes Iranian calculations , we 'll be drifting again toward war and the prospective disasters and calamities it will bring . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron David Miller .	Aaron Miller predicts no war with Iran in 2012 Miller says no firm deal will emerge ; Iran wants to be nuclear power too much Miller : The regime distrusts the U.S. and wo n't give up Israeli strike is still possible , he says . Only big breakthrough will stop Iran 's quest
COPENHAGEN , Denamrk  CNN  -- What makes someone decide to become an actor ? It sometimes seems as if the average Hollywood star is motivated mainly by the promise of a fat pay check . Connie Nielsen shot to fame playing Lucilla in "  Gladiator . " Or perhaps they 're drawn to the celebrity lifestyle . Maybe they crave the love of an adoring public , or perhaps they see the movies as a way to leave their mark on the world , to be immortalized on celluloid . For Danish actress Connie Nielsen it was something quite different . For her , being an actor means being an outsider . "  As an artist you actually do have to make a choice to be an outsider . If you 're an outsider you have the freedom to say what people on the inside do n't dare to say , " she told CNN . So Connie Nielsen is not your typical movie star . As a 5-foot-10-inch blonde Scandinavian beauty she has the looks of a classic silver screen siren , but she has steadfastly resisted a career as Hollywood eye candy and rejected the lifestyle that goes with it . "  I absolutely refuse the fame part of my business , " she says . "  I refuse even the money side of my business . I try to do as good work as I can do , I try to grow in my art and reach for truth , " she says . Raised in Elling , a small coastal village in Denmark , she is fluent in seven languages and studied acting in France and Italy , making her screen debut in French comedy "  Par Où T'es Rentré ? On T ' a Pas Vu Sortir "  U.S. title "  How Did You Get In ? We Did n't See You Leave "  in 1984 . She appeared in more French and Italian movies before landing a role opposite Al Pacino and Keanu Reeves in "  The Devil 's Advocate " in 1997 . But it was n't until 2000 , when she was cast in Ridley Scott 's Oscar-winning "  Gladiator " , that Nielsen landed a role that really let her show her acting ability . As Lucilla , the sister of the villainous Emperor Commodus , Nielsen brought some much-needed subtlety to the swords-and-sandals epic and held her own sharing the screen with Joaquin Phoenix and Russell Crowe . The movie made Nielsen an international star and she scored other successes with "  One Hour Photo " in 2002 , and "  The Hunted " in 2003 . But while the success of "  Gladiator " opened doors for her , it also meant she had to fight the kind of typecasting that would try to limit her to playing "  the love interest " to a male lead who got all the good lines . Nielsen has in the past been critical of Hollywood for its lack of female roles , saying "  you think once you 've shown what you can do , and your movies have been successful , that snap , you work . So to discover the difference between guys ' roles and girls ' roles made me plain mad . It 's unjust . " But Nielsen has refused to be pigeonholed , seemingly drawn to difficult roles in controversial movies . She appeared in French movie "  Demonlover " , which dealt with pornography , violence and corporate amorality , while more recent films have taken on the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq . Danish drama "  Brødre "  U.S. title "  Brothers "  is about a soldier who returns from Afghanistan a broken man , unable to communicate his experiences from the conflict . Playing his wife , Nielsen put in a powerful performance that won her awards and served to highlight how Hollywood had underused her talents . "  The Situation " in 2006 was billed as the first film to be made about the Iraq war and told the story of ordinary Iraqis caught up in the conflict , while "  Battle of Seattle " examined how peaceful protests erupted into riots when the World Trade Organization met in Seattle in 1999 . Of her choice of subject matter , Nielsen says that rather than making a political point she is trying to show the human aspects of the conflicts . But Nielsen makes it clear that her career is not the focus of her life and she stresses the importance of making time outside the movies . She is passionate about literature and art and she is currently dating Lars Ulrich , drummer of rock group Metallica . She had a son with him in 2007 and has another son from a previous relationship . "  I will always find something that I want to try and become better at . I always love to spend more time with my friends , more time with my family , my extended family . I always want to read more books , " she says . Perhaps her commitment to her art , her interest in social issues and her disavowal of fame simply reflect her Danish upbringing , but there 's no doubt that compared to many other Hollywood stars Connie Nielsen is a breath of fresh air .	Connie Nielsen made her name playing Lucilla in Ridley Scott 's "  Gladiator " She has appeared in movies dealing with the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq Nielsen speaks seven languages and is passionate about art and literature
CNN  -- The oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico has coastal states and visitors bureaus working hard to keep the public updated and reassure beach-bound travelers . Here are some of the latest updates from destinations affected by the oil disaster : Northwest Florida Oil has affected sections of Pensacola Beach and Perdido Key beaches , according to the Pensacola Bay Area Convention and Visitors Bureau . Photos from the area showed patches of dark , syruplike oil on the white sand , but local officials said cleanup crews are ready to respond to the oil . Beaches on Perdido Key and Santa Rosa Island are open for swimming , according to the bureau 's website . "  We are all heartbroken and concerned about recent impacts from the Deepwater Horizon incident but rest assured the situation on our beaches remains dynamic , " said Ed Schroeder , director of Visit Pensacola , in a statement on the bureau 's website . A health advisory for parts of Pensacola Beach has been withdrawn , according to the Escambia County Health Department . iReport : Share your photos of affected beaches The Okaloosa County Health Department has withdrawn a health advisory issued last week for Destin beaches . "  The oil impacts on our beaches are intermittent and can change within hours or within a day due to the dynamic nature of the currents and changing wind directions , " the department 's website said . The department does urge visitors to avoid entering the water when oil is present . The beaches of south Walton County are open , according to a weekend update on the website for the area 's Tourist Development Council . Small tar balls have been reported on several area beaches , the site said . Meanwhile , small scattered tar balls and oil patches have affected Panama City Beach , but the beaches and water are open , the area 's visitors bureau website said . iReport : A slick trip to Perdido Key Tar balls , tar patties and tar mousse -- a puddinglike oil-water mixture -- continue to be found in northwest Florida between Escambia and Walton counties , with the heaviest effects reported in Escambia County , according to Visit Florida , the state 's tourism corporation . Gulf Islands National Seashore All of the Gulf Islands National Seashore sites , which are in Florida and Mississippi , are open , the National Park Service 's website said . But several spots have been affected by the oil spill , and a public health advisory is in effect parkwide . "  If you see or smell oil in the water or on the beach , avoid contact with water and report it to the nearest lifeguard or park ranger , " the park service 's website said . Coastal Alabama Gulf Shores and Orange Beach have experienced significant oiling , according to the Alabama Gulf Coast Convention and Visitors Bureau . "  The beaches are open and visitors are still welcome to sunbathe and walk the beach , but we strongly suggest they swim in a pool or enjoy our many off-beach activities , " the site said . The Alabama Department of Public Health has issued an advisory against swimming in waters off Gulf Shores , Orange Beach and Fort Morgan , and in bay waters close to Fort Morgan , Bayou St. John , Terry Cove , Cotton Bayou and Old River . Last week , the department also issued a no-swimming advisory for Dauphin Island and the Mississippi Sound . Grand Isle , Louisiana The oil 's biggest impact in Louisiana is on the portion of the coast from the mouth of the Mississippi River extending east , according to a state emergency website . "  Most of the Louisiana Gulf Coast , 70 percent , is unaffected by the oil spill and remains open for commercial and recreational fishing , " according to the Cajun Coast Visitors and Convention Bureau website . Grand Isle has closed its public beach , the site said .	No-swimming notice withdrawn for Destin , Florida , beaches Oil affects sections of Pensacola Beach and Perdido Key beaches in Florida Some waters closed to swimming because of emulsified oil along the shoreline Health officials have issued advisory against swimming in Alabama Gulf waters
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Evidence intended to prove Michael Jackson could not have caused his own death might not be allowed in the involuntary manslaughter trial of Dr. Conrad Murray , the judge said Wednesday . A California appeals court on Wednesday denied Murray 's petition for a stay in his trial so that the issue of jury sequestration could be reconsidered , a defense lawyer said . The denial cleared the way for jury selection to start Thursday . Murray 's defense is built on the theory that Jackson drank propofol , the surgical anesthetic the coroner concluded killed him , while the doctor was away from his bedside on the morning of June 25 , 2009 . Prosecutors want jurors to hear expert testimony based on a recent experiment conducted on six university students in Chile they argue proves there is "  zero possibility that the propofol was orally ingested . " Judge warns Murray to keep quiet about his rulings Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor raised questions about the experiment in a hearing Wednesday . "  I need more information about the underlying data since it is not a scientific published article , " Pastor said . "  I do n't know the source of the information . " The judge will allow a prosecution expert to testify about a study on piglets conducted at a veterinary college in Norway , a report defense attorneys argued has nothing to do with how oral ingestion of propofol would affect a human . The study involved five piglets that "  have propofol suppositories shoved up their rectums and they are watched to see if they went to sleep , " defense attorney Michael Flanagan said . "  The rectum is at the other end of the  gastrointestinal  system . " Murray , who was hired as Jackson 's personal physician as the singer rehearsed for comeback concerts , is charged with involuntary manslaughter . Prosecutors contend Murray used a makeshift IV drip to administer propofol intended to help Jackson sleep , a practice they argue violated the standard of care and led to the pop icon 's death . Jury selection for the trial is set to start Thursday morning when about 160 potential jurors gather in the downtown Los Angeles courthouse to fill out questionnaires to determine if they are qualified to hear the case . Opening statements in the trial , which will be televised , are expected to be delivered on September 27 .	NEW : Appeals court denies the defense petition for a delay in the trial 's start Conrad Murray 's attorneys argue Michael Jackson may have drank drug that killed him Prosecutors say a study shows self-ingestion could not have killed Jackson Jury selection begins Thursday in Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial
Madrid  CNN  -- Early editions of Spain 's leading newspaper Thursday displayed a large front-page photo claiming to be an "  unprecedented " and "  exclusive " look at Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez 's medical treatment in Cuba . But the intubated man lying in a hospital bed shown in the photo was n't Chavez , the newspaper soon discovered , and it began backtracking . El Pais took down the photo , which was on the newspaper 's website for about 30 minutes , and also recalled the early editions of its newspaper from newsstands . "  After learning that the image offered did not correspond to Chavez , El Pais also stopped distributing the print edition and started to send a new edition to retail outlets , " the newspaper said in a statement on its website , explaining the retraction and apologizing to readers . Venezuelan VP accuses ` infiltrators ' of murder plot against him El Pais declined to comment on the matter to CNN . The newspaper 's online statement said the photo had been provided by an agency that claimed it was an authentic image of Chavez . "  The daily has opened an investigation to determine the circumstances of what happened and the errors that could have been committed in the verification of the photo , " the statement said . Several purported photos of the Venezuelan leader have circulated on social media in recent weeks , but Venezuela 's government has n't released any new photos of Chavez since he underwent cancer surgery in Cuba more than six weeks ago . The 58-year-old president has n't made any public appearances since then , either . The quick retraction by El Pais did not quell sharp criticism from the Venezuelan government and many on social media , who slammed the newspaper and said the photo was clearly taken from a 2008 YouTube video that had nothing to do with Chavez . Chavez ally : Ailing president undergoing physical therapy "  As grotesque as it is false , the photo of ` Chavez intubated ' that today the venerable Spanish newspaper El Pais published on its front page , " Venezuelan Information Minister Ernesto Villegas said in a Twitter post . Later Thursday , Villegas said the Venezuelan government plans to pursue legal action against the newspaper "  so that these type of acts do not go unpunished . " "  We will use all the legal tools within our reach to proceed to repair the damage caused not only to Comandante Chavez , the president , but also to all of Venezuelan society , " he said . The photo 's publication , Villegas said , was evidence of a right-wing media campaign that aims to spread fear and destabilize Venezuela . He also objected to the nature of the image , arguing that the newspaper 's editors never would have permitted the publication of a similar photo of a European president or a member of their own families . Diosdado Cabello , head of Venezuela 's National Assembly , said publishing the photo was no accident . "  Nobody believes that the photo that appears in El Pais of Spain is something accidental , " he wrote in a Twitter post , arguing that the motive behind the photo 's publication was clear : "  hatred . " Argentinian President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner also took to Twitter to criticize the Spanish newspaper , calling the photo a "  dirty trick . " Pilar Minguez was getting ready to open a bundle of newspapers as she set up her newsstand in Madrid early Thursday when she got word of the problem . "  Do n't open it . I have to take the newspapers , " Minguez said a distributor told her . "  There was a problem , and they have to change the front page . " Nothing like that has ever happened before , particularly with the prominent El Pais , Minguez said . "  It 's unbelievable , because with the number of filters it goes through , it is a little strange , truly , " Minguez said . The newspaper provided additional details into its decision-making in an article posted online Thursday night , titled , "  The photo that El Pais never should have published . " "  The newspaper will revise its verification procedures in view of the errors committed , " the article said . But the El Pais article also said that after being assured by a news agency that the photo was authentic and taken by a Cuban nurse who had been part of Chavez 's medical team , El Pais had no way to confirm details about when the picture was taken "  due to the information restrictions under the Cuban regime . " There was a lengthy debate among the paper 's editors about whether to publish the hospital photo , the newspaper said . "  The conclusion reached was that the image was relevant at a time when the health of Venezuelan president is a source of great controversy and heated political debate in his country , because of his absence during his inauguration and ... in light of the lack of transparency of the authorities , " El Pais said . Venezuelan army backs Chavez amid uncertainty CNN 's Al Goodman reported from Madrid . Catherine E. Shoichet wrote the story in Atlanta .	NEW : El Pais says it will revise its verification procedures Venezuela 's government says it plans to pursue legal action against newspaper El Pais publishes a photo of an intubated man in a hospital bed , then later retracts it The Spanish newspaper apologizes to its readers
CNN  -- A Florida university has stopped all band performances amid an investigation into the death of a student over the weekend that authorities say is linked to hazing . Robert Champion , a 26-year-old drum major with Florida A&M University 's marching band , became ill and died Saturday night after a game , the Orange County , Florida , Sheriff 's Office said . Investigators have found that hazing was involved in the incident , Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said Tuesday . The cause of death is inconclusive , however , and the medical examiner says more tests are required , Demings added . "  Any death that occurs as the result of hazing is a third degree felony , " he said . "  Anyone who participates in such events can be criminally charged . " FAMU President James Ammons announced Tuesday he is immediately suspending "  any and all performances and engagements for bands and other ensembles under the auspices of the Music Department , including the Marching 100 . " The suspension will stay in place during the investigations of Champion 's death , Ammons said , and it will not be lifted until he authorizes it . Ammons vowed to convene a task force "  to determine if there are any unauthorized and questionable activities associated with the culture of the Marching 100 . " "  The purpose of this review is not to establish culpability of individual band members in this particular case , but rather to determine whether there are patterns of behavior by the band -- or members of it -- that should be addressed at the institutional level. , " he said . At a news conference , Ammons was asked whether there were previous instances of possible hazing in the band this semester . "  There were allegations that were turned over to the authorities and those investigations are ongoing at this time , " he responded . Asked whether it is accurate that at least 30 band members were let go this semester because of possible involvement in hazing , he said , "  That is true . " CNN 's calls to the university for further information were not immediately returned . In his statement , Ammons warned students : "  There will be no retaliation against anyone who cooperates with the investigation , but there will be serious consequences for anyone who tries to impede it . " The school 's anti-hazing policy states that any students or groups found to be responsible for hazing can face penalties ranging from fines to expulsion . After a game Saturday , the band returned to its hotel , where "  the victim reportedly threw up in the parking lot and started complaining of not being able to breathe , " the sheriff 's office said in a release . "  Friends of the victim called 911 and administered CPR . The victim was transported to Doctor Phillips Hospital , where he was pronounced deceased . " "  The investigation indicates that hazing was involved in the events that occurred prior to the 911 call for assistance , " Demings said Tuesday . Band director Dr. Julian White met with band members early Sunday to inform them of the death , the school said . Grief counseling was made available . A music major from Atlanta , Champion was one of six drum majors for the 375-member Marching 100 band , the school said . A memorial service was scheduled for Tuesday evening . "  We are in shock , " White said in a written statement . "  He was a very fine drum major who was of excellent character and very trustworthy . I had not told him yet , but he was slated to be the head drum major next year . " FAMU takes pride in the Marching 100 . The band has been credited for "  not less than 30 innovative techniques which have become standard operating procedures for many high school and collegiate marching band programs throughout the nation , " according to its official website . The band dates back to 1892 . The Marching 100 's motto lays out "  qualities to live by , " including "  highest quality of character " and "  dedication to service . " In 2009 , the band represented Florida in the parade for President Barack Obama 's inauguration .	NEW : The band took part in President Obama 's inauguration parade Investigation finds "  hazing was involved , " sheriff says A 26-year-old drum major became ill and died after a game At least 30 band members were let go this semester because of hazing , he said
CNN  -- An Australian panel on Thursday suggested changes to the country 's Constitution to give better recognition to the indigenous population that inhabited the vast continent long before Europeans settled there . The indigenous Australians -- often referred to as Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples -- suffered at the hands of the settlers and the government they established . Australian politicians have since apologized for the past mistreatment , but Aborigines remain disadvantaged socially and economically compared with the overall population . Explicit references to Aborigines in the original Constitution , drafted in the late 19th century , were subsequently deemed to be negative . Australians voted overwhelmingly to remove those points in a 1967 referendum , but many people say the document can be further improved to acknowledge the role of the country 's indigenous population . The panel -- which included Aboriginal leaders , business executives , legal experts and members of the main political parties -- handed over its report on Thursday to Prime Minister Julia Gillard , whose government has promised to hold a referendum on the matter by the next general election . After spending the past year gathering opinions from people across Australia 's huge territory , the panel faced the delicate task of proposing meaningful changes to the Constitution that would receive support from across the political spectrum . Without the backing of all the major political parties , the proposed measures would have little chance of success at a referendum . And rejection by voters could deal a blow to Australia 's self-image . "  For many Australians , the failure of a referendum on recognition of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples would result in confusion about the nation 's values , commitment to racial nondiscrimination , and sense of national identity , " the panel said in its report . "  The negative impact on Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples would be profound . " The challenge is highlighted by the track record of past efforts to change the Constitution by vote : only eight of the 44 referendum proposals have passed in Australia 's history , with the last successful one in 1974 . The panel said it had put forward changes that it thought would be likely to secure broad-based approval from Australians . It proposed repealing two provisions that are still considered to have racist connotations : one that allows states to disqualify people of "  all persons of any race " from voting at elections ; and another that authorizes parliament to make "  special laws " for "  the people of any race . " That recommendation was expected and had already been supported by the government and the opposition . The panel also made the more politically sensitive suggestion of adding a new section that would give Parliament the power to make laws "  for the peace , order and good government ' of Australia "  with respect to Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples . " That section would include a passage recognizing that "  the continent and its islands now known as Australia were first occupied by Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples . " The report also proposed a section prohibiting racial discrimination while still allowing for the possibility of measures to protect and help "  any group . " Some politicians and commentators had expressed concern before Thursday that the panel may put forward new provisions that , if enacted , would give too much power to the courts to interpret the wording as they saw fit . The government said in a statement that it would "  carefully consider the panel 's recommendations before determining the best way forward . "	A panel proposes new sections for the Australian Constitution to recognize indigenous people The government says it will consider the recommendations before deciding how to proceed It has promised a referendum on the issue by the next election Changes to the Constitution by referendum rarely do well in Australia
CNN  -- Two Missouri River levees broke Monday along the swollen Missouri River near the Iowa-Missouri border , a local official and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers said . The first breach , which was some 300 feet wide and growing , was a "  full breach , " the Army Corps of Engineers said in a statement . The break was in Atchison County , Missouri , just south of Hamburg , Iowa , it said . The National Weather Service warned that flooding could affect Interstate 29 and the town of Hamburg . "  The concern is that anybody ... near the river would see some floodwaters that could impact either their road or homes , " said David Pearson with the National Weather Service in Omaha , Nebraska . The second breach was located just south of Atchison , in Holt County , Missouri , said Holt County clerk Kathy Kunkel . She said flooding was affecting farmland . A breach earlier this month prompted the evacuation of hundreds of people in the Hamburg area as a precaution . No evacuations were immediately recommended or ordered as a result of Monday 's breaches , officials said . However , "  people 's safety is our number one concern , so we want to stress how important it is for the public to stay off these levees as we continue to assess the risk , " said Omaha Corps District Commander Col. Bob Ruch . The breach near Hamburg was deemed too substantial to repair , said Pearson . "  The next step is to attempt to mitigate the flooding with another levee between the one that failed and Hamburg . " State and local emergency management officials were notified , the corps said , and were working with the corps , the National Weather Service and the Federal Emergency Management Agency . It was too early to determine the cause of the breach near Hamburg , the corps said . But it follows weeks of high flows and record releases from dams in Montana and the Dakotas . Heavy rains and snowpack runoff could result in near-record flooding along parts of the Missouri this year , officials have said . This year 's flooding is putting levees to the test along much of the 1,700 miles of the Missouri . Temporary levees are being built in several locations . CNN Radio 's Paul Chambers contributed to this report .	NEW : A second breach occurs in Holt County , Missouri NEW : Earlier , a levee broke in Atchison County , Missouri The flooding could affect the town of Hamburg , Iowa The Missouri River could see near-record flooding this year
Beijing  CNN  -- On the eve of the Nobel Peace Prize award ceremony in Oslo , Norway , CNN.com and CNN International are among the websites and television networks that have been blocked in mainland China . The winner of the prize is imprisoned Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo . What 's going on ? CNN 's Beijing Bureau Chief Jaime FlorCruz offers some insight . Q : There are reports that users in China ca n't access the CNN website and the websites of other news organizations . What 's the situation in Beijing and across mainland China ? A : CNN.com is completely blocked as of today . Because when I use -LSB- a privately secured network -RSB- the site works ok . But if I 'm using the normal broadband connection at home , that most Chinese have , an error message comes up . It says "  this website is not available . " It 's sort of the standard thing that happens when a website is blocked here in China . Q : Is television news also blocked ? A : Every time our reports are broadcast about Nobel Prize winner -LSB- Liu , who is serving an 11-year sentence in a Chinese prison for what the government called "  inciting subversion of state power " -RSB- the television screens black out . We are required to beam our signal through a Chinese satellite station before it is broadcast to mainland China . That creates a 12-second delay . Authorities use that time to black out specific parts of the signal . Whenever anything about WikiLeaks or the Nobel Prize is mentioned , the signal is blocked . Q : How common is this ? A : They 've been doing this many years . Usually anything having to do with the "  three Ts and one F " -- Tibet , Taiwan , the '89 Tiananmen Square protests , and Falun Gong , a spiritual group banned in China . The process had abated for the last several months , and especially right after the Olympics . But in recent weeks we 've noticed the practice has become more frequent . But now when anything about the Nobel Prize or WikiLeaks as it pertains to China is reported , our stories are blacked out . Q : Does this occur only in mainland China , or is it in Hong Kong as well ? A : I believe it 's just mainland China , that 's what they can control . Q : How do Chinese authorities police this ? A : They watch our stories and read our stories very closely . They probably have written directives over what kinds of stories need to be censored . I doubt that people pushing the buttons know English very well . But they probably base it on certain video they see , or key words that they hear . I think it 's emblematic of how tightly controlled this is , and how sensitive authorities are about tomorrow 's award ceremony in Oslo . Q : What are the Chinese sites saying about the Nobel Prize , if anything ? A : The authorities are also blocking certain websites that may be touching on this or WikiLeaks . I think it 's safe to say that most Chinese are not aware of the -LSB- Nobel Peace Prize winner -RSB- . And whatever they may have read about him has been through official talking points and state commentary . An update on the blackout from Jaime FlorCruz as of 0830 GMT Friday : We have canvassed a few Chinese people -- students , functionaries , a homemaker , a filmmaker -- and have asked them to try to click on the CNN website using their regular broadband connections at home or in school . They tell us that the international edition of CNN.com is totally blocked . When they log on to CNN.com 's U.S. edition , it loads fine until they click on any Liu Xiaobo-related stories and they get the standard notice : "  This website is not accessible . "	CNN.com is currently blocked in mainland China CNN International is selectively blacked out by the government when broadcast to mainland China Authorities appear to be blocking the signal during reporting on WikiLeaks or the Nobel Peace Prize winner
CNN  -- Ali Abdul Razzaq 's life in Iraq was still getting started when a bullet to the head killed the 9-year-old . Ahmad Rubaie was studying to become a doctor when his life ended . They were just two of a group of unarmed Iraqi civilians who died when four former Blackwater private security contractors opened fire at Nisur Square in Baghdad on September 16 , 2007 . Eighteen others were wounded in an incident that has been a controversial political and diplomatic case from the start and which still reverberates seven years later . On Tuesday , a District of Columbia jury began deliberations on whether the four guards -- Nicholas Slatten , Paul Slough , Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard -- are guilty or acted in self-defense . Only Slatten is charged with first-degree murder ; that 's in the slaying of the driver of a white Kia sedan in the Baghdad traffic circle . Prosecutors argued Slatten , the team 's sniper , lit the fuse of the entire incident when he fired on and killed the driver . The Justice Department alleges the other three men "  unlawfully and intentionally , upon a sudden quarrel and heat of passion , did commit voluntary manslaughter " in the ensuing chaos when they opened fire . The defendants deny all charges and say they acted in self-defense after they were fired upon by militants . Witnesses dispute the claim . ` It was horror ' Attorney Hasan Jaber was driving to work when he got trapped in traffic at the square . That 's when the shooting started . Like many others , he tried to flee , but he was shot three times . "  It was horror ... people were terrified , " he said . "  People running out of their cars were being shot at ... anything that moved in Nisur Square was shot . Women , children , young people , they shot everyone . " Jaber testified in Washington and said he has faith in the American justice system . "  I felt that there are people who care about this , " he said . "  I have trust that there will be justice . " Long road to trial A federal judge in 2008 dismissed the original case , finding the Justice Department withheld key evidence and violated the guards ' rights . But a federal appeals court later reversed that decision , leading the government to seek a fresh indictment and trial . The incident prompted international outrage at the time , and the criminal prosecution in the United States has dragged on for years . The killings led Iraq 's government to slap limits on security contractors hired by various firms , including Virginia-based Blackwater , which was sold by founder Eric Prince and is known as Academi . "  The vast majority of the U.S. contractors who served in Iraq did so with honor and integrity , but , as alleged today , these defendants abused their power through a relentless attack on unarmed civilians that recklessly exceeded any possible justification , " said U.S. Attorney Ronald C. Machen Jr. . "  This prosecution demonstrates our commitment to upholding the rule of law even in times of war and to bringing justice to the memories of those innocent men , women , and children who were gunned down in Baghdad more than six years ago , " he said . Prosecutor : Defendants did not have ' a blank check ' On Thursday , U.S. Attorney Anthony Asuncion told the jury of five men and seven women in his closing argument that the former contractors , "  took something that did n't belong to them , the lives of 14 individuals . " "  People who could laugh and live were turned into bloody , bullet-ridden corpses by these men , " Asuncion said , turning and pointing at the defendants . Prosecutors said the men fired at the Kia with machine guns and grenade launchers . Pictures of deceased and injured were displayed on a large board adjacent to the jury . "  None of these people were armed . None of these people on this board posed a threat to these men , " Asuncion said . "  The fact this happened in a war-torn country did not give the defendants a blank check . " The former private security guards were working for Blackwater handling diplomatic security for the State Department . Their attorneys argued that Nisur Square , close to the fortified Green Zone , was a hostile environment . They said the Blackwater teams in the area were under constant threat , specifically from car bombs targeting convoys such as the one in which they arrived . "  Every civilian death in a war zone is a tragedy , but not every death is a crime , " Brian Heberlig , a defense attorney for Slough , argued in his closings . The defense attorney said the guards were fired on by militants when they arrived in the traffic circle , a key point of disagreement between the defense and the prosecution . Heberlig said it was actually Slough , not Slatten , who fired first on the Kia at its engine block to try to stop the vehicle after the team perceived it to be a car bomb threat rapidly approaching their convoy . "  We know now it was a medical student and his mother , " Heberlig said of the occupants of the sedan , "  but my client did n't know that at the time . " " -LSB- Slough -RSB- did his job in Nisur Square and defended other Americans in an war zone . " Judge Royce Lamberth thanked the jury for their service during this long trial , which stretched over 44 days in court . After reading the lengthy charging documents , he sent them to lunch and then on to decide the case . 2011 : Blackwater founder enters video game business CNN 's Eric Marrapodi and Forrest Brown contributed to this report .	Case relates to shooting in 2007 that left more than a dozen unarmed Iraqi civilians dead Defendants have denied all charges , saying they acted in self-defense Incident prompted international outrage ; U.S. prosecution has lasted for years
CNN  -- The makers of an over-the-counter male sexual supplement are recalling the product after government tests showed some unlisted ingredients "  pose a threat to consumers , " the company says . Tests conducted by the Food and Drug Administration found that the supplement X-Rock contained sildenafil -- an approved drug to treat erectile dysfunction -- and related substance , hydroxythiohomosildenafil , the product 's manufacturer said in a statement annoucing the voluntary recall . The announcement from the product 's manufacturer , X-Rock Industries , was posted on the FDA 's website . "  These undeclared active ingredients pose a threat to consumers because sildenafil and hydroxythiohomosildenafil may interact with nitrates found in some prescription drugs  such as nitroglycerin  and lower blood pressure to dangerous levels , " X-Rock Industries said . Erectile dysfunction is more common in men with diabetes , high blood pressure , high cholesterol and heart disease , who are generally more likely to take nitrates , the statement noted . But the company "  has not received any reports of adverse events related to this recall , " it said . The voluntary recall "  is being conducted with the knowledge of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , " X-Rock said . The product 's website , XRockme.com , describes the U.S.-manufactured supplement as "  totally organic . " It contains "  many potent , proprietary natural ingredients -- absolutely no chemicals or steroids , " the website states . In addition to Internet sales , the company says X-Rock is sold at retail locations in Nevada , California , Florida , New York , New Jersey , South Carolina "  and a few more states . " People can return the product to where it was purchased or call 877-976-2563 between 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. ET Monday through Saturday for more information on getting a refund , the company said in its release .	"  Undeclared active ingredients " in X-Rock for Men "  pose a threat , " the company says X-Rock Industries says it has not gotten any reports yet of "  adverse events " The product is billed as an "  organic " supplement with "  no chemicals or steroids "
CNN  -- Google is tightening its grip on the booming tablet market , with a new tablet , updated version of Android and a social take on games . The company announced a new version of its popular Nexus 7 tablet during a press event Wednesday in San Francisco . Sundar Pichai , Google 's senior vice president of Android and Chrome , unveiled a slimmed-down , speedier version of the tablet , which will start at $ 229 when it goes on sale next week . The new Nexus 7 , made by Asus , has undergone some subtle physical changes . The size of the device has been trimmed down while keeping the screen the same dimensions . The higher resolution screen is now 1,920 by 1,200 pixels , packing in 323 pixels per inch . The amount of RAM has been doubled , and the CPU is twice as fast as the previous Nexus 7 . The company also said that it has improved its speaker performance and that it can last for nine hours of high-definition video playing . Netflix will be one of the first apps to take advantage of the new video-friendly specs . The streaming-video company 's new Android app will stream movies at 1080p on the Nexus 7 . The device will run Android Jelly Bean 4.3 , a new version of Google 's Android operating system . Google unveils $ 35 device that streams video to your TV Tablets are on track to take over PCs , and Google has a bigger stake in the boom than its own flagship devices . Half of all tablets sold worldwide are based on Android , according to the company . "  By the end of 2013 , consumers are going to buy more tablets every year than personal computers , " Pichai said . The new version of Android 4.3 will have parental controls so you can prevent the little ones from seeing saucy content or inappropriate apps . There are also user profiles for tablets that end up in the hands of multiple users . The company expects to have more than 70 million tablet activations this year . Many of those users are downloading content such as apps , music and movies from the Google Play store . The Play store has more than 1 million apps and has seen more than 50 billion downloads , according to the company . A new app , called Google Play Games , is similar to Apple 's Game Center . In it , Android users can see what games their friends are playing and go up against other users , checking out their accomplishments on leader boards . Older Nexus devices will also be able to test out the Android upgrade -- existing Nexus 4 , Nexus 7 , Nexus 10 and Galaxy Samsung devices will receive over-the-air updates for the operating system . The Wi-Fi versions of the Nexus 7 will be available starting July 30 , and an unlocked LTE version of the tablet will go on sale in the coming weeks .	Google unveils new tablet , version of Android The new Nexus 7 is slimmer and faster for $ 229 Android Jelly Bean 4.3 adds parental controls , profiles , Games center First Nexus 7s available July 30
CNN  -- The Iranian parliament on Saturday voted to designate the United States ' Central Intelligence Agency and the U.S. Army as terrorist organizations , IRNA , the country 's state-run news agency , reported . The Iranian parliament says the U.S. Army and the CIA are "  trained terrorists , " IRNA reported . The CIA and the U.S. Army "  trained terrorists and supported terrorism , and they themselves are terrorists , " the parliament said , according to IRNA . The Iranian parliament said the condemnation was based on "  known and accepted " standards of terrorism from international regulations , including the U.N. charter . The parliament said it condemns the "  aggressions by the U.S. Army , particularly in Iraq and Afghanistan " and calls on the United Nations to "  intervene in the global problem of U.S. prisons in Guantanamo Bay , Abu Ghraib and secret jails in other countries , " IRNA reported , quoting a statement from Iranian lawmakers . The Iranian parliament also decried the CIA 's and U.S. Army 's involvement in the 1945 bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in World War II , U.S. involvement in the Balkans , Vietnam and the U.S. support of Israel . Of the condemnation , Paul Gimigliano , a CIA spokesman , said , "  There are some things that do n't even deserve comment . This is one . " National Security Council spokesman Gordon Johndroe said he declined to comment "  on non-binding resolutions passed by parliaments in countries with dubious records on human rights , democracy and that are state sponsors of terror . " There was no immediate response from the U.S. State Department . Washington and U.S. military leaders have long accused Iran of training and equipping insurgents in Iraq . The United States and Iran have not had formal diplomatic relations since 1980 after Iranian militants stormed the U.S. Embassy in Tehran and held Americans hostage for 444 days . The Iranian lawmakers ' condemnation was in apparent retaliation for the U.S. Senate 's resolution Wednesday requesting that the United States designate Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps , or Quds Force , as a foreign terrorist organization . The Senate resolution passed a day after Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told the U.N. General Assembly that an agreement reached last month between his country and the International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  over its disputed nuclear program has , in the Iranian view , settled the matter . Iran says its nuclear program is necessary for civilian energy production . The United States and other Western nations have accused Tehran of trying to build a nuclear weapon . E-mail to a friend Journalist Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	Iran 's parliament says CIA , U.S. Army "  train terrorists , " IRNA reports Parliament bases label on "  known and accepted " standards of terrorism U.S. Senate passed resolution to label Iran 's Quds Force a terrorist group CIA : "  There are some things that do n't even deserve comment . This is one . "
CNN  -- The modern and dysfunctional man , who struggles to find his footing in relationships , career and , in fact , the world , has in many ways been the bread and butter of best-selling British author Nick Hornby 's career . Best-selling British author Nick Hornby releases his latest novel , "  Juliet , Naked . " Best known for his novels "  High Fidelity " and "  About a Boy , " both of which were turned into movies  as was his memoir , "  Fever Pitch "  , Hornby 's latest novel , "  Juliet , Naked , " released in the United Kingdom on September 1 , has just been released in the United States . It focuses on an American singer-songwriter , Tucker Crowe , who still rests on the success he saw with one album in the 1980s , an obsessed English fan , Duncan , and his exasperated girlfriend , Annie . Hornby 's love for music has inspired more than plotlines . It has fueled a partnership with the rock band Marah and other projects , which recently included penning the lyrics for Ben Folds ' "  Levi Johnston 's Blues . " Meanwhile , Hornby is also the force behind the screenplay of the critically acclaimed film-festival darling , "  An Education , " which will be released in New York and Los Angeles on October 9 . CNN spoke with Hornby about how he develops the characters for his books , the challenges of writing in a woman 's voice and his own prowess in relationships . CNN : Your newest novel , "  Juliet , Naked , " seems to revisit the kind of character that anchored "  High Fidelity , " the obsessive , somewhat dysfunctional music fan . What is it about this type that had you coming back , and how have the years changed this character ? Hornby : Well , I conceived them as being different . Rob in "  High Fidelity , " he was n't the obsessive . It was the people around him . This one -LSB- Duncan -RSB- is one of three characters ; he 's the nerdy obsessive . ... The Internet 's changed everything . There are no record stores to hang out in anymore . Ten or 15 years ago , he -LSB- Duncan -RSB- would n't have found anyone to talk to . And nobody 's career -LSB- character Tucker Crowe 's included -RSB- is allowed to die . Way back , obsessives had to admit other interests into their lives . These people do n't have to really do anything like that . Watch the author talk about music , comedy and relationships " CNN : Your books , and now your screenplay , are so rich in complicated and incredibly flawed characters who , in turn , have complicated and flawed relationships . How much of what they struggle with is autobiographical ? Are there aspects to these characters that are reflections of you ? Hornby : I think sometimes there are . I have three kids by two moms . Tucker has five kids by four women . But my experience is relatively ordinary . My relationships are fairly stable . A lot of this is trying to write comedy , and complicated relationships are funnier than straightforward ones . CNN : At times , for instance in your book "  How to Be Good , " you 've narrated as a woman . What are the challenges of taking on a woman 's voice ? Hornby : Anytime the narrator is someone who is not you , the challenge is equal . The challenge is to make people laugh . My last book , "  Slam , " was for young adults , and I had to write as a 16-year-old boy . Of course , it makes me more nervous writing as a woman . I just made sure every woman I knew read the narrative as soon as I finished . But no woman speaks for all women . CNN : You 've been open about having a son , now 16 , who is autistic . How much , if at all , has that informed your writing when it comes to getting into the heads of kids and adolescents in , for example , "  About a Boy ? " Hornby : It has n't . Not yet . The experience of fathering a child like that is so different , but I think you have to be very careful about how you use it and how it affects other people . CNN : Your screenplay for "  An Education , " which is based on an autobiographical essay by British journalist Lynn Barber , was first recognized at the Sundance Film Festival in January and continues to get critical acclaim . How has this creative journey differed from the one you 're used to traveling in the book publishing world ? Hornby : The process is incredibly different . With movies , it always feels like such a long shot getting it made . With books , you write and talk about it with your editor . With movies , you need the money , the cast , the director -- I felt much more confused by the the movie-making process . CNN : But with movies , the insecurities you might have about your own work as an artist , as a writer , are helped by others . It 's not all on you , right ? Hornby : Yes . I can look at the film and take pride in other people 's work .	Nick Hornby , author of "  High Fidelity " and "  About a Boy " releases new book Tuesday "  Juliet , Naked , " revisits the dysfunctional male , music fan kind of character Internet has changed how the obsessive type lives and thrives , Hornby says "  An Education , " for which he wrote screenplay , gets critical acclaim , festival attention
CNN  -- An Idaho man who admitted trying to assassinate President Barack Obama by shooting at the White House received a 25-year prison sentence on Monday . Oscar Ortega-Hernandez , 23 , appeared in federal court after pleading guilty in September to terrorism and weapons charges . He had been originally indicted on 17 criminal counts . Prosecutors had charged Ortega-Hernandez with firing a Romanian-made assault rifle out of the window of his car the evening of November 11 , 2011 . After sending a number of rounds toward the White House , he sped away toward a bridge leading to the Virginia suburbs , but crashed his vehicle and fled on foot , officials said . The government said Ortega-Hernandez 's fingerprints were found on ammunition magazines left in a 1998 Honda , but not on the weapon itself , which also was left in the car . Neither the President nor his family were at home at the time of the incident . "  This man drove cross-country to launch an assault rifle attack on the White House from Constitution Avenue , " said U.S. Attorney Ronald Machen , whose office prosecuted the case . "  He was motivated by hatred for the President and the desire to start a revolution against the federal government . "  We are very fortunate that his bullets narrowly missed the U.S. Secret Service officers guarding the White House that night . This 25-year prison sentence demonstrates that anyone who comes to the nation 's capital planning to use violence should expect to spend decades behind bars . " Ortega-Hernandez was captured at a Pennsylvania motel five days after the incident . In court documents , prosecutors argued Ortega-Hernandez was dangerous and planned out his alleged crime over a period of months . According to the FBI , Ortega-Hernandez 's friends reported that he made anti-government statements beginning in 2010 . Officials said he believed the federal government was trying to control Americans through GPS , fluoride and aspartame . He was also angry at what he believed was U.S. bullying of other countries , including in the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , and claimed that the President was the "  anti-Christ " and told friends he was "  on a mission from God to take out Obama . "	Idaho man admitted that he wanted to kill the President Oscar Ortega-Hernandez pleaded guilty to terror , weapons charges stemming from 2011 incident He fired a number of rounds at the White House from assault rifle , authorities said
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Turkey launched another round of airstrikes against Kurdish rebel targets in northern Iraq on Sunday , an Iraqi official said . File photo from 2007 of Kurdistan Workers Party fighters at the Mahsun Korkmaz Academy in Northern Iraq . Turkish warplanes and artillery units bombed Kurdistan Workers Party  PKK  positions in villages near Amadi in Iraq 's Duhuk Province , a provincial security official told CNN . The official said the Turkish military operation started at 5:30 p.m. and lasted an hour and a half . There were no reports of casualties . Turkey said it was the sixth time in the past week it attacked the PKK in response to clashes that left at least 15 Turkish troops dead in the Turkey-Iraq border region last weekend . The central Iraqi government has labeled the PKK a terrorist organization , banning its activities and closing its offices in the country two years ago . The United States and the European Union also consider the PKK a terrorist group . It was the second round of Turkish strikes on northern Iraq this weekend . Late Friday and early Saturday , Turkish warplanes hit 31 targets in the Hakurk region of northern Iraq before returning . They "  successfully completed the operation -LSB- and -RSB- safely returned to their bases , " the Turkish military said . A spokesman for the Iraqi Kurdish Regional Security Forces said Turkish warplanes and artillery units bombed the region from around 11 p.m. Friday until 1 a.m. Saturday . The spokesman , Jabbar Yawer , said there were no reports of casualties . Turkish artillery shells also hit border villages in the Zakho area , targeting PKK positions for about an hour on Saturday afternoon , Yawer said . Though the Iraqi government opposes the PKK , the organization continues to operate in the Qandil Mountains in northern Iraq bordering Turkey and Iran . The separatist faction has been fighting for self-rule in southeastern Turkey . The Iraqi Kurdish Regional Security Forces provide security for Iraq 's Kurdish regional government . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Turkish military bombs Kurdistan Workers Party positions in Iraq 's Duhuk Province No casualties reported in second Turkish incursion into PKK territory this weekend Strikes follow clashes last weekend that killed 15 Turkish troops in border region Iraqi government , United States , European Union consider PKK a terrorist group
ARLINGTON , Virginia  CNN  -- The Humane Society of the United States is partly responsible for the magnitude of the largest beef recall in the nation 's history , Agriculture Secretary Ed Schafer said Thursday . Agriculture Secretary Ed Schafer denies there is any food safety hazard with the recall . The Agriculture Department Sunday ordered the recall of 143 million pounds of beef that came from a California processing plant . Animals at the site were videotaped falling down and being hoisted by forklift to get them to slaughter . The tape is thought to have been made in October . Watch what sparked the recall " "  For four months they sat on that information , " Schafer said , referring to the video , which prompted the USDA to withdraw its inspectors and close the facility . The Humane Society posted the video in late January and said it was part of the group 's undercover investigation of conditions at the Westland/Hallmark Meat Packing Company of Chino , California . Schafer , expressing concern Thursday the group failed to immediately tell his agency about the footage , said they "  sat on four months of production that went out into the marketplace that 's now being recalled . " Humane Society president Wayne Pacelle said any delay in releasing the video was caused by a request from a California district attorney 's office that has since filed charges against two men who worked at the plant . Pacelle said his group went to local authorities because "  we have seen the USDA time and time again not take action . " But San Bernardino County District Attorney Michael Ramos was slow to respond and the Humane Society then decided to post the video to "  goad " authorities into taking action , Pacelle said . "  Our food safety system should not have to depend on a non-government organization to unearth violations of the law , " he said . The newly appointed agriculture secretary , in a briefing with reporters after remarks at a farm conference , declined to list additional retail outlets that may have bought and distributed the recalled meat products , some of which went to public school systems across the country . Federal regulations consider the information proprietary , but proposed changes are being reviewed . Schafer denied there is a food safety hazard with the recall . He said "  one cow that we know of went down just before moving into the gate , and we were supposed to be notified and were not . " Since 2004 , the government has required that cattle be able to walk to slaughter after an inspection by a USDA veterinarian -- largely as a precaution against bovine spongiform encephalopathy , or mad cow disease . If the animal goes down after a veterinarian 's pre-death inspection , which consists of observing the animals "  at rest and in motion , " veterinarians must reinspect the animal before it can enter the food supply , according to a USDA spokesman . A congressional panel on food safety plans hearings next month on the beef recall and will have questions about inspections and the level of voluntary compliance with rules on animal processing . "  Had they not been presented with the undercover video of Westland , this problem probably would not have been discovered or even investigated by USDA , " said Rep. Rosa DeLauro , the Connecticut Democrat who leads the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture Administration . As of Thursday afternoon , officials had located 15.2 million pounds of the 143 million pounds of recalled beef . Agriculture officials said another 20 million pounds has already been consumed . The largest portion of the recalled beef -- 50.3 million pounds -- went to federal food and nutrition programs , according to updated numbers from Schafer in a Thursday afternoon phone call with reporters . E-mail to a friend	Video shows cows falling down and being hoisted by forklift to get them to slaughter The Humane Society sat on the information for months , agriculture secretary says Group : Any delay was caused by a request from a California district attorney 's office The recall covers 143 million pounds of beef
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  Twelve people were killed Friday in shelling in the eastern Ukraine city of Donetsk , an official with the pro-separatist City Council said , as the conflict between the military and pro-Russian separatists escalated in the past week . CNN could not confirm 12 deaths , but its team in Donetsk saw seven bodies after a series of shell blasts near the center of the city . Five bodies , concealed under sheets , could be seen at a spot by the Hotel Europe , where a local billionaire has organized food aid handouts by his staff . One man had died at the wheel of his car . A shell apparently hit near where dozens of people were waiting in line for much needed supplies . Elsewhere , two more bodies could be seen where a trolley bus was hit . Until now the fighting has largely been concentrated on the outskirts of the city , near the airport . But Friday , the blasts moved significantly closer to the city center , where there are no obvious military targets . It 's not clear who is responsible for the shelling . In previous instances , each side has blamed the other . What is clear is the mounting civilian death toll , with the ordinary residents of Donetsk being caught up in the fighting . Last Saturday , at least 30 civilians were killed in shelling in the southeastern city of Mariupol , while eight people died when a transit stop in Donetsk was shelled two days earlier . There has been fierce fighting around the town of Debaltseve , northeast of Donetsk , where separatist forces have almost surrounded Ukrainian troops . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki condemned the fighting there in remarks Thursday and pointed the finger firmly at the pro-Russian rebels for any casualties . "  Over the past week , the separatists have fired countless rockets at the city , killing and wounding scores of innocent people , and prompting the Ukrainian government and local NGOs to organize a citywide evacuation , " she said . "  There can also be no mistake about Russia 's role in the escalation of violence , which is causing suffering and death among those Russia has claimed it wants to protect . " The government in Kiev and its Western allies accuse Russia of fueling the violence by sending troops and military equipment over the border into Ukraine . Moscow denies the allegation , although it has said some Russian soldiers are fighting in Ukraine as volunteers . Presenting his annual report Friday at NATO headquarters in Brussels , Belgium , Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said 2014 had been a "  black year " for European security . Russia is following a "  disturbing pattern , " he said , "  using military force to annex Crimea , destabilize eastern Ukraine and intimidate its neighbors " in disregard of international law . On Thursday , the European Union Foreign Affairs Council announced it was extending the financial sanctions imposed against Russian and Ukrainian separatist interests until September in response to the mounting violence . It will also decide whether to add more names to the list of those sanctioned when it meets February 9 . EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said she was pleased the European Union was maintaining a united front on the issue . "  We hope this can help put pressure , in particular on Russia , to take positive steps and prevent negative steps to you 've seen in recent days , " she said . In a statement , the council strongly condemned "  the indiscriminate shelling of the residential areas , especially in Mariupol and the recent escalation of fighting in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of Ukraine . " It said it was shocked by the high number of casualties , adding : "  It notes evidence of continued and growing support given to the separatists by Russia , which underlines Russia 's responsibility . " There are now 900,000 internally displaced people and 600,000 refugees as a result of the conflict , the council said . The EU has already given 95 million euros for humanitarian assistance , it said . Russia 's Foreign Ministry said Friday that it was "  disappointed " by the council 's decision on sanctions and accused it of bias in favor of Kiev , saying it was hostage to an "  aggressive minority " that is opposed to Russia . "  It 's time for the European Union to realize the futility of the sanctions standoff that only hurts people and our economies , " the ministry said in a statement . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko announced Monday that Kiev would ask the Hague tribunal to investigate alleged "  crimes against humanity " in the conflict in eastern Ukraine . The conflict broke out last spring after Russia annexed Ukraine 's southeastern Crimea region and as pro-Russia separatists claimed control of the Luhansk and Donetsk regions . A ceasefire agreed to in Minsk , Belarus , in September crumbled long ago . New talks were supposed to be taking place in Minsk , aimed at finding a political solution to the crisis , but there are conflicting reports as to whether they had been delayed . The new talks were unlikely to happen because representatives for Ukraine 's government had not arrived Friday , even though rebel representatives were there , said Eduard Basurin , the self-declared defense minister for the rebel group Donetsk People 's Republic . From mid-April to January 21 , the conflict killed at least 5,086 people and injured at least 10,948 others , according to the United Nations . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Donetsk , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko and Lucy Pawle contributed to this report .	12 people killed in shelling , says official with pro-separatist City Council CNN team sees seven bodies ; some die near a food aid handout spot
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Pirates holding a Taiwanese-flagged ship off the coast of Somalia fired on a U.S. Navy helicopter Wednesday as the aircraft monitored the ship , the Navy said . The Maersk Alabama was targeted in an April hijacking that ended with Navy snipers killing three pirates . The helicopter was not struck and all crew members were safe after the incident , the Navy said in a news release . The incident highlights the ongoing piracy problem in that region even as U.S. and coalition ships patrol the waters to deter pirates . Somali pirates hijacked the M/V Win Far on April 6 . Navy officials said the vessel is being used as a "  mother ship , " or a floating base , to launch attacks on other ships , including the U.S.-flagged Maersk Alabama . The Alabama was targeted by pirates in an April hijacking that ended with U.S. Navy snipers shooting dead three pirates who were holding the captain of the ship hostage . According to the Navy 's news release Thursday , the flight crew on the SH-60 helicopter "  noticed activity " on the ship but could not determine if the pirates had fired at them . When the helicopter returned to the USS Chancellorsville , a review of its infrared camera showed the aircraft was fired on . The helicopter did not return fire , according to the release . Since the start of the year , dozens of ships have been attacked or hijacked , according to statistics from the International Maritime Bureau , an organization that monitors piracy around the world .	Helicopter was not struck , all crew members safe Somali pirates hijacked the M/V Win Far on April 6 Navy says it is being used as a "  mother ship " to launch attacks on other ships
CNN  -- Gabrielle Giffords , the Arizona congresswoman who was shot in the head during a shooting rampage in January , appeared in her first television interview late Monday night , clearly understanding the questions put to her but able to respond only in simple words . "  I cried , " she told ABC 's Diane Sawyer in response to a question about how she felt when her husband told her what had happened . "  Died , " she said . "  Sad , " said her husband , retired astronaut Mark Kelly . "  Sad , " Giffords agreed . "  I cried . A lot of people died . " She said she has no memory of the incident . "  That day is gone ? " Sawyer asked . "  Gone , " Giffords replied . Giffords also does n't remember the next 13 days at a hospital in Tucson before she was flown to Houston . She said she remembers the flight "  a little bit . " "  She said she felt like a -- " Kelly said . "  A zombie , " Giffords said , finishing the sentence . Giffords also said she never got angry about what happened . "  No , " she said . "  No . No . No . " She paused . "  Life , " she said , then shrugged . "  Life . " Jared Loughner , 23 , is accused of wounding Giffords and 12 others and killing six people in the shooting at a meet-and-greet event for the congresswoman outside a Tucson , Arizona , shopping center . Giffords , a Democrat , posted an audio message to her constituents Tuesday on her Facebook page , saying she missed them and Tuscon : "  The mountains , the blue skies , even the heat . "  I 'm getting stronger , I 'm getting better , " she says , adding that she wants to go back to work . She sat with her husband on a couch for the ABC interview , wearing a lime green jacket . She wore her hair short and smiled often . When Sawyer asked Giffords how she feels , the congresswoman responded , "  Pretty good . " Sawyer asked Giffords if it was painful to move her right arm . Giffords said it was not . "  Difficult , " she said twice , then grinned and swung her left arm . "  Strong ! " she said , getting a laugh from Sawyer . "  Strong , strong ! " Giffords was shot in the head , with the bullet passing through the left side of her brain , which controls the right half of the body . Her right arm lay unused on her lap during the interview . But before the interview began , she leaned over to fix Sawyer 's hair with her left hand . Giffords has made what doctors call a miraculous recovery since the shooting . Her neurosurgeon , Dr. Dong Kim , told CNN Tuesday that Giffords ' thought process is normal -- a remarkable feat for someone with the kind of injuries she suffered . As a sign of her stunning recovery , Kim told CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen that Giffords recently spoke two sentences in a row to him . "  Wow , you have a suit on today , " she said to him when he walked in to see her . Then she added , "  What 's with the necktie ? " The ABC report showed Giffords in therapy , struggling to come up with a word when asked what she would use to tell time . "  W. ... , " the therapist prompts . "  Wwwwwwatch ! " Giffords says , to the delight of the therapist . She and Kelly told Sawyer she did two hours of therapy a day in their home . Giffords has clearly retained a sense of humor ; her husband teases her when Sawyer asks what she loves by interjecting : "  Football ! Gabby loves the NFL . " "  No , no , no , " she giggles . "  Stinks ! " Loughner is in mental health treatment and will be re-evaluated early next year to determine his competency to stand trial .	NEW : Giffords does n't remember the shooting , she says NEW : Giffords felt like a "  zombie " on the flight to Houston NEW : Her neurosurgeon describes the stunning recovery to CNN Jared Loughner is charged with wounding her and 12 others and killing six
CNN  -- As a politically active Millennial invested in this year 's election , I was surprised by my own response to the first presidential debate : I was bored . But not for all the reasons the pundits are talking about . To be sure , President Barack Obama 's lackluster performance and Mitt Romney 's free rein over the moderator led us into the weeds of policy without a compass . But that was n't the only reason the candidates did n't speak to me . The debate was supposed to be about domestic issues , but focused exclusively on economic policies and health care plans . As a Millennial , or a member of the generation born in the 1980s and 1990s , I care deeply about the economy and health care . My generation faces crushing educational debt of $ 904 billion in 2012 , up from $ 241 billion a decade ago ; many of us do n't have health insurance ; and we face an unemployment rate that , at 12 % , is 50 % above the national average . But we also want our leaders to connect the dots . Opinion : A plea to millennials -- get out the vote Among my own Millennial friends , we do n't debate economic reform without addressing the immigrant labor force . We never discuss health care without also grappling with women 's rights . And yet , the candidates Wednesday night managed to debate fine points of policy while missing the big picture . We ca n't build a moral economy or health care system without considering the major social challenges of our time : civil liberties , immigration , women 's rights , domestic extremism and climate change . None of these issues was even mentioned in the debate . The failure to speak clearly and consistently to our generation 's concerns about the world we will inherit has consequences in this election . In the 2008 election , Millennials made up 17 % of the electorate and voted 66 % for Obama , compared with 32 % for John McCain . We were responsible for Obama 's decisive seven-point victory , accounting for 80 % of Obama 's national popular vote margin over McCain . Our generation now makes up 24 % of the electorate and could make up the deciding vote again , but only if we make it to the polls . We are not nearly as engaged this election season as the last time around . We lag behind older voters in interest in the election and intention to vote . Only 18 percent of us under 30 are following this election closely , down from 35 % four years ago . Just 63 % of those of us registered say we will vote , down from 72 % last time around . While these numbers hold for both young Democrats and Republicans , a dip in voter turnout is most consequential for Obama , who leads among our peers . Why are we losing interest ? Let 's put this election in context . For the majority of us who voted for Barack Obama , electing the president in 2008 felt like changing the course of history . Opinion : Who are millennials ? Our generation came of age in the shadow of catastrophe -- the aftermath of 9/11 , the genocide in Darfur , Hurricane Katrina and its aftermath , the wars in Afghanistan and in Iraq , and a faltering economy . We had hoped that the historic election of our first African-American president , a candidate who embodied our diversity in being and breath , would initiate a new era that broke from Bush-era politics . Instead , the president inherited a punishing economic recession and GOP obstructionism that made even modest reforms challenging . Even worse , his administration continued some Bush-era national security policies he promised to end , from indefinite detention at home to drone warfare abroad . As a result , Millennials I know have become disillusioned about national political change , turned to local politics and community engagement instead and focused on getting through tough times . Still , many , like me , are not giving up . This election year , I 've sobered up about the meaning of hope . Hope requires action beyond casting a vote ; it requires holding our elected leaders to task . The president repealed Do n't Ask Do n't Tell , came out for marriage equality and created a program that allows undocumented youth to live and work legally in the U.S. I believe that Millennials can be critical of the political process and still have faith that incremental change is possible if we organize before and after Election Day . Opinion : Why this election is so personal Of course , it 's difficult to organize if our candidates are not even discussing our concerns . No matter who we support , let 's ask that our candidates debate all the issues that determine the future of our nation . No one has more at stake than the generation who will inherit it . Imran Siddiqui , a South Florida-based attorney , Muslim American activist and community organizer with Emerge USA , contributed to this essay . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Valarie Kaur .	A politically active Millennial , Valarie Kaur was bored by debate Kaur : Jobs , health care are very important to her generation , but so are social challenges Civil rights , immigration , women 's issues , climate change were unaddressed , she says
CNN  -- Norway has condemned the ransacking of the Sri Lankan embassy in Oslo by Tamil demonstrators . The entrance to Sri Lanka 's embassy in Oslo on Sunday . Video posted on Norway 's TV 2 Web site showed demonstrators smashing through re-enforced glass at the embassy on Sunday . The aftermath showed embassy offices that had been trashed , with furniture , artwork and potted plants dumped on the floor . Countertops had been bashed and splintered . "  Please help the Tamils . Stop the massacre of Tamils , " a sign carried by one of the demonstrators said . The foreign ministry said it has requested that police tighten security at the embassy , which is located in an office building . "  I deeply deplore the fact that unauthorized persons unlawfully forced their way into the Sri Lankan embassy in Oslo and caused extensive damage , " said Foreign Minister Jonas Gahr Store . "  This is a violation of Norwegian law and an action that is totally unacceptable . " Rohitha Bogollagama , Sri Lanka 's foreign affairs minister , called for authorities to "  seek immediate arrest of the perpetrators of this serious act of terror " during a CNN interview in New Delhi , India . The attack came as Sri Lanka 's president ordered military troops to restrict their offensive against Tamil Tiger rebels while the nation celebrates the Sinhala and Tamil New Year . The two-day celebrations began Monday . The order was meant to allow the thousands of Tamils trapped by the fighting to travel for the New Year , said a statement from the office of President Mahinda Rajapakse . Troops are in the midst of an intense military push in northern Sri Lanka , where they have snatched back large swaths of land from the Tamil rebels . The rebels have fought for an independent homeland for the country 's ethnic Tamil minority since 1983 . The civil war has left more than 70,000 people dead . A statement on the Sri Lankan defense ministry Web site called on Norway to "  bring the perpetrators to justice immediately . " "  The perpetrators can be readily identified on the CCTV recording which has been made available to the authorities , " the statement said . "  The demonstrations , which had been building up in intensity in the past few days , provide an indication that something was being planned . " CNN 's Harmeet Singh and Iqbal Athas contributed to this report	Norway 's FM says actions by Tamil protesters are "  totally unacceptable " The foreign ministry has requested that police tighten security at the embassy Sri Lanka foreign affairs minister calls for authorities to arrest perpetrators Tamil rebels have fought for an independent homeland since 1983
CNN  -- The health of a South Carolina woman battling a rare flesh-eating bacteria has "  slightly improved , " a spokeswoman for a Greenville hospital said Thursday , though the new mother remains sedated and in critical condition . Lana Kuykendall has "  undergone 11 debridement surgeries to remove tissue since being admitted May 11 " to Greenville Memorial Hospital , spokeswoman Sandra Dees said Thursday by e-mail . But unlike 24-year-old Aimee Copeland of Georgia -- who has lost a leg , part of her abdomen , her remaining foot and her hands as she fights the same disease , according to online updates from her father , Andy Copeland -- no parts of Kuykendall 's body have been amputated . "  Last night , Darren told the family in his update that ` Lana 's vitals and blood work is good . ' This is a good day for her , and we will take it , " said Brian Swaffer , Kuykendall 's brother , in a message relayed by the hospital . Kuykendall gave birth to twins , Ian and Abigail , on May 7 in Atlanta . At that time , Kuykendall , a paramedic , was believed to be healthy . But a few days later she went to hospital near her South Carolina home after noticing a rapidly expanding bruise on her leg , her husband Darren , a firefighter , told CNN last week . Surviving a flesh-eating disease She was diagnosed then with necrotizing fasciitis and has been intubated and sedated every day since , according to her brother and the hospital . A number of bacteria , which are common in the environment but rarely cause serious infections , can lead to the disease . When it gets into the bloodstream -- such as through a cut -- doctors typically move aggressively to excise even healthy tissue near the infection site in hopes of ensuring none of the dangerous bacteria remain . The disease attacks and destroys healthy tissue and is fatal about 20 % of the time , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . iReport : I survived Flesh Eating Disease ... barely Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at the Vanderbilt University Medical Center , estimates that fewer than 250 such cases occur each year in the United States , though estimates are imprecise since doctors do not have to report the cases to health authorities . Just last Sunday , Kuykendall had undergone seven surgeries for her ailment -- meaning she has had four more such operations in recent days . Swaffer said , as he did days ago , that the family is thankful the disease remains confined to his sister 's legs . While hooked up to a respirator , Kuykendall is now breathing on her own , according to her brother . Her baby boy and girl , who are being cared for by relatives and friends , remain healthy and are doing well . "  Please pray with us that Lana will recover quickly to a point where she will be able to interact with and enjoy this special time in their lives , " Swaffer said . Andy Copeland posted an update earlier Thursday about his daughter Aimee , who is fighting the same disease as Kuykendall in the intensive care unit of Doctors Hospital in Augusta , Georgia . She was with friends May 1 near the Little Tallapoosa River , about 50 miles west of Atlanta , when the zip line that she was holding snapped . She fell and got a gash in her left calf that took 22 staples to close . Three days later , still in pain , she went to an emergency room , and doctors eventually determined she had necrotizing fasciitis caused by the flesh-devouring bacteria Aeromonas hydrophila . Her father has written regularly since about her situation , with the psychology department at the University of West Georgia -- where Aimee had been pursuing her master 's degree in psychology -- also posting online updates . On Thursday , her father wrote on Facebook that Aimee "  has finally stabilized to the point that she has not needed any ventilator assistance for over 24 hours . " "  Each breath is a victory . Each heart beat is a cause for celebration . When she opens her eyes , that is like a ticker tape parade down Broadway . When she mouths words , angelic hosts rejoice , " Andy Copeland said . "  That is what each moment is like for us . " He described several such moments from earlier in the week , including Aimee lighting up after listening to a "  private concert " from a musician who 'd written a song about her , waking up to talk of "  treats " in the hospital and sitting up in a chair . "  When the doctors put Aimee in that chair , their expectations were to give her an hour , " Andy Copeland said , elaborating on the latter milestone . "  Five hours later , Aimee decided it was time to lie down . Had she been running an Olympic marathon , I think Aimee would have experienced a record-breaking , gold-medal moment . " CNN 's William Hudson and Jennifer Bixler contributed to this report .	Lana Kuykendall has had 11 surgeries since being diagnosed with necrotizing fasciitis While in critical condition , she has n't had amputations and the disease is all in her leg "  Lana 's vitals and blood work is good , " her husband says , according to the hospital The father of a Georgia woman with the disease notes milestones in her own fight
CNN  -- She had many plans for the future : to go to college , start a career , meet the man of her dreams , raise a family -- when the time was right . Expert : "  There 's a big disconnect between pregnancy rates and what Latina families want and value . " It was all cut off by an unexpected pregnancy . The baby became her life , consuming her energy and forcing her dreams to the back burner of her life . She is 19 or younger and Latina , and has had her first baby . It 's not what she wanted . Nor did her parents , who are the greatest influence on her decisions about sex , according to a wide-ranging survey released Tuesday by experts on the Hispanic community in the United States . The survey also found that 84 percent of Latino teens and 91 percent of Latino parents believe that graduating from college or university or having a promising career is the most important goal for a teen 's future . Somewhere along the way , the aspirations fail to match up to reality . The survey attempts to examine some of the reasons for the disparity and why Latinas now have the highest teen birth rate among all ethnic and racial groups in the United States . "  There 's a big disconnect between pregnancy rates and what Latina families want and value , " said Ruthie Flores , senior manager of the National Campaign 's Latino Initiative . According to the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy , 53 percent of Latinas get pregnant in their teens , about twice the national average . After a period of decline , the birth rate for U.S. teenagers 15 to 19 years rose in 2007 by about 1 percent , to 42.5 births per 1,000 , according to preliminary data in a March 2009 report by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's National Center for Health Statistics . In 2007 , the birth rate among non-Hispanic whites ages 15 to 19 was 27.2 per 1,000 , and 64.3 per 1,000 for non-Hispanic black teens in the same age range . The teen birth rate among Hispanic teens ages 15 to 19 was 81.7 per 1,000 . Of the 759 Latino teens surveyed , 49 percent said their parents most influenced their decisions about sex , compared with 14 percent who cited friends . Three percent cited religious leaders , 2 percent teachers and 2 percent the media . Watch more on the survey results " Three-quarters of Latino teens said their parents have talked to them about sex and relationships , but only half said their parents discussed contraception . The survey also found that : • 74 percent of Latino teens believe that parents send one message about sex to their sons and a different message altogether to their daughters , possibly related to the Latino value of machismo . • Latino teens believe that the most common reason teens do not use contraception is that they are afraid their parents might find out . • 72 percent of sexually experienced teens say they wish they had waited . • 34 percent of Latino teens believe that being a teen parent would prevent them from reaching their goals , but 47 percent say being a teen parent would simply delay them from reaching their goals . • 76 percent said it is important to be married before starting a family . Flores said it is crucial to understand the beliefs and attitudes that influence teen behavior in order to reduce the high rates of Hispanic teen pregnancy . The survey , co-sponsored by the Hispanic advocacy group National Council of La Raza , was an attempt to to do just that . She said that despite a rich culture and the growing influence of Hispanics in America , the Latino community disproportionately suffers from troubling social indicators . Consider that fewer than six in 10 Latino adults in the United States have a high school diploma . Latino teens are more likely to drop out than their non-Hispanic counterparts , and of all the children living in poverty , 30 percent are Latino . "  Teen pregnancy is not an isolated issue , " Flores said . "  It 's related to poverty , to dropout rates . That 's going to have an impact on our national as a whole . " Flores said 69 percent of Latino teen moms drop out of high school , and the children of teen mothers are less likely to do well in school themselves and often repeat grades . "  That has a big economic impact , " Flores said . It 's an impact that is sure to be noticed . The nation 's 45 million Latinos constitute the largest minority group in the United States with a growth rate twice that of the general population . That means by 2025 , one-quarter of all American teens will be Latinos .	53 percent of Latinas are pregnant by their 20th birthday , survey finds Survey : Most feel that college , career are key to their future Most teens in study believe that parents give conflicting messages
CNN  -- The editor in chief of a newspaper in Benghazi , Libya , was shot and killed Monday morning , the latest in a recent campaign of killings across the city . Muftah Buzeid was also a prominent analyst who frequently appeared on TV talk shows speaking out against Islamist extremism . His last such appearance was Sunday night . Many Libyans are outraged over the killing , which is likely to add to the support for renegade Gen. Khalifa Haftar and his campaign against terrorism . The deaths have mainly targeted security forces but also activists , journalists and judges . The city has been almost emptied of Westerners as diplomatic missions shut after the 2012 attack on the U.S. Consulate that killed American Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . Officials and many residents blame the violence on Islamist extremist groups that have grown in size and influence since the 2011 revolution that overthrew longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi . A weak central government has not been able to secure Benghazi or bring the perpetrators of the near-daily attacks to justice . Ten days ago , Haftar launched a surprise ground and air assault on Islamist militia positions and bases in Benghazi , including attacks on Ansar al-Sharia , the group blamed in the U.S. Consulate attack .	Muftah Buzeid frequently spoke against Islamic extremism Recent campaign of killings has targeted security forces , journalists , judges Outrage over deaths likely to grow support for general 's anti-terrorism campaign
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama says Osama bin Laden had a group of supporters within Pakistan helping to keep the al Qaeda leader secure for years , despite an American-led international manhunt that extended for nearly a decade with Islamabad 's ostensible support . Top U.S. officials insist Pakistan remains a critical U.S. ally in the fight against terrorism , but are demanding answers to troubling questions about bin Laden 's presence in that country over the course of the last six years . "  We think that there had to be some sort of support network for bin Laden inside of Pakistan , " Obama said in a "  60 Minutes " interview airing Sunday on CBS . "  But we do n't know who or what that support network was . " The president said U.S. officials "  do n't know whether there might have been some people inside of government  or  people outside of government , and that 's something that we have to investigate . " "  More importantly , " he added , "  the Pakistani government has to investigate . " Pakistani authorities have "  indicated they have a profound interest in finding out what kinds of support networks bin Laden might have had , " Obama noted . "  But these are questions that we 're not going to be able to answer " immediately after the raid on bin Laden 's compound . "  It 's going to take some time for us to be able to exploit the intelligence that we were able to gather on site , " he said . Pakistani leaders insist they did n't take part in either the establishment or the maintenance of bin Laden 's safe haven , and have promised a full examination of the circumstances that allowed him to spend years in Abbottabad , a city with a heavy military presence located a mere 30 miles north of the country 's capital . Asked by CNN 's Fareed Zakaria whether bin Laden 's presence in Pakistan could be chalked up to "  duplicity or incompetence , " Pakistan 's U.S. ambassador , Husain Haqqani , said Sunday he could n't provide an explanation . "  I think the best way to move forward is to wait for the findings of an internal  investigation  -- a look at the issue , " Haqqani said . "  I do not think that speculation is going to solve any problem . " Pakistan 's government "  did not have a policy of protecting these people , " he asserted during an interview on ABC 's "  This Week . " Obama 's national security adviser , Tom Donilon , told CNN 's Candy Crowley he has not seen any information to indicate Pakistani officials knew bin Laden was living in Abbottabad . But if evidence is discovered that is "  highly disturbing , we 'll certainly press that , " he said . Donilon 's comments came amid calls in Congress and elsewhere to cut U.S. financial assistance in Pakistan , which currently receives roughly $ 1.5 billion in annual aid . Last week , CIA Director Leon Panetta -- nominated by Obama to succeed Robert Gates as defense secretary -- told House members during a closed-door briefing that Pakistan was "  either involved or incompetent , " according to two sources in attendance . "  We 'll clearly be working with  Pakistani authorities  to understand how we got to this point , " Donilon said . He stressed , however , that "  more terrorists and extremists have been captured or killed  in Pakistan  than any other place in the world . " "  We need to look at this in a calm and cool way , " he said . There is a lot "  at stake in that region . " "  Questions are being raised quite aggressively in Pakistan , " Donilon later added on ABC 's "  This Week . " Authorities there "  need to do an investigation . " Indiana 's Richard Lugar , the top Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , told CNN it seems "  very logical " that "  a lot of people in Pakistan knew about  bin Laden 's  whereabouts . " But Lugar dismissed calls to cut Pakistan 's financial aid . Like Donilon , he stressed the reality that Pakistan remains a "  critical factor in the war against terror . " Among other things , Lugar highlighted the importance of keeping Islamabad 's nuclear arsenal secure , and out of the hands of Islamic or other extremists . Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , the chairman of the committee , expressed optimism that the uproar over bin Laden 's presence in Abbottabad will allow American and Pakistani leaders to "  punch a reset button " in their relationship . "  Hopefully  now  there can be a readjustment , " he said on CBS 's "  Face the Nation . " Kerry noted Pakistan 's past assistance in the U.S. fight against terrorism , including its willingness to allow U.S. predator drone strikes within its borders . Former Bush CIA Director Michael Hayden appeared to agree with Kerry 's assessment of the situation created by the raid . "  This may be an opportunity to reboot this relationship with Pakistan , and get them to be more aggressive in going after these common targets , " Hayden said during an appearance on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  Even if Pakistan was not complicit in providing the safe haven " to bin Laden , "  they certainly fell well short of what it was we thought or perhaps they think they should be , " he said . Haqqani said on "  This Week " that Islamabad would have taken action if any member of the Pakistani civilian government , military , or intelligence service knew bin Laden 's location . He conceded there had been a failure on the part of his government , and said an investigation is already ongoing . "  Heads will roll " once it 's completed , Haqqani promised . The investigation "  will lead wherever it will lead . " Pakistan "  wants to put to rest any misgivings the world has about our role " in the fight against terrorism , he said . As part of that effort , Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik met with a number of senior Saudi officials over the weekend , including King Abdullah . The officials discussed , among other things , the changing security situation after the U.S. raid on bin Laden 's compound . Pakistan 's prime minister , Yousuf Raza Gilani , is expected to deliver a new terrorism-related policy statement Monday as the Pakistani parliament opens a debate on the U.S. raid . During his appearance on ABC , Haqqani acknowledged deep social and political divisions in his country . Pakistan remains a hotbed of anti-U.S. sentiment and is home to a large number of people with sympathy for bin Laden . "  Jihadi has-beens " are "  still alive and kicking , " he said . At the same time , however , he noted the substantial time and resources Washington has devoted to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan -- countries many analysts see as less critical fronts in the war against al Qaeda and similar organizations . He also blasted the U.S. government 's willingness to conduct a raid in Pakistan without Islamabad 's awareness or consent . "  What we are offended by is the violation of our sovereignty , " he said . "  America has a selling job to do in Pakistan . " Later , Haqqani told CNN that Washington needs to do more to acknowledge Pakistan 's contributions in the war against al Qaeda and other terrorist elements . The United States needs "  to show respect ... for what Pakistan has done , " he said . "  Pakistan has sacrificed thousands of lives in fighting terrorism . " Haqqani criticized what he characterized as "  a strange mood " in Washington . "  Every time something goes wrong with Pakistan , there is open season on Pakistan , " he said . The relationship between Washington and Islamabad is "  based on mutual need , " he said . "  Constantly bashing us " does n't help the situation . CNN 's Samson Desta , Mary Grace Lucas , and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	President Obama says Osama bin Laden had a support network within Pakistan Pakistani authorities need to investigate how bin Laden hid in their country , aide says Top members of Foreign Relations Committee stress importance of U.S.-Pakistan ties Pakistan 's U.S. ambassador says an investigation is underway and "  heads will roll "
CNN  -- As victims of a stabbing attack at Lone Star College near Houston recover physically and psychologically , the suspect in the incident waived his right to a court hearing Thursday , CNN affiliate KHOU said . Dylan Quick , 20 , had been scheduled for a probable cause hearing , but he waived his right and did not appear in court , the station said . He remains in jail and under a suicide watch , his attorney said , according to KHOU . He is charged with three counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in Tuesday 's attack , in which 14 people were wounded -- at least some of them with a utility knife . Two of the 14 people attacked remained hospitalized Wednesday , while others were out , dealing with the aftermath of the attack . "  I keep going over it . I see him coming at me , " stabbing victim Andrea Cervantes told CNN affiliate KPRC . According to authorities , Quick attacked people on two floors of the school 's health science center Tuesday . Witnesses to the stabbings described a chaotic scene as bleeding victims collapsed to the ground and students and teachers ran for cover . "  It just seemed like he was just going around , basically getting whoever was more open and easiest for him to reach , " witness Cassie Foe told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Tuesday . The attacker was aiming at people 's necks and faces , student Melody Vinton told KHOU . One woman had what appeared to be the blade of a box cutter sticking out of her cheek , she said . Witness Steven Maida said he and other students chased Quick down and pinned him to the ground until authorities arrived . After his arrest , Quick told police he had had fantasies of stabbing people since he was 8 , Harris County Sheriff Adrian Garcia told reporters . He had been planning Tuesday 's attacks "  for some time , " Garcia said . A search warrant affidavit said that Quick told police that he also had fantasized about "  cutting off people 's faces and wearing them as masks " and about necrophilia and cannibalism . He also told police that he had researched mass stabbings , the affidavit said . Quick underwent a psychological evaluation Wednesday , according to the Harris County District Attorney 's Office . Three people hurt in the stabbings were discharged from a Houston hospital Wednesday , while two others remained there in good condition , hospital spokeswoman Kathryn Klein said . The campus was shut down , and it reopened Wednesday , a day after the attack . Quick has intense ties to the school . Born deaf , he received a cochlear implant at age 7 . The implant gave him the ability to hear , but he then had to learn how to speak . His mother home-schooled him and got him involved in Lone Star 's library programs when he was a teen , according to CNN affiliate KPRC . A profile on a student blog recounts how joining a campus book club changed his life . He rarely spoke during his first two years in the library 's teen activities program , according to the profile . "  But after those two years it was if a floodgate had opened up and Dylan became loquacious , sharing his analyses of literature and socializing with his book club comrades , " the blog article says . "  His room at home , he explains , barely contains his 1,000 + collection of books . In the future he plans to build and host an online international book club to connect people of all ages from around the world , " the profile says . The teen book club on campus encourages youths to enroll in the community college after high school graduation , and Quick did . Some faculty members said Quick was a good student there , Lone Star College-CyFair President Audre Levy told reporters Wednesday . Also , staff members at the county library branch on campus , where Quick worked part-time for about a year , "  had fond things to say of him , " Levy said . "  So many are surprised " that he was the suspect , she said . Quick was planning to finish his associate degree at the college and then transfer to the University of Houston to study accounting . Tuesday 's incident came more than two months after three people were wounded in a shooting at a different Lone Star College campus -- the North Harris campus in Houston . CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Joe Sutton , Jason Morris , Dave Alsup , Chandler Friedman , Paul Caron , Chuck Johnston , Ashley Fantz and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	NEW : Stabbing suspect Dylan Quick waives right to court appearance Thursday NEW : Quick told police of more violent fantasies , search warrant affidavit says He is charged with three counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon Quick has had a psychological evaluation , the Harris County district attorney says
At 6 ' 3 " , he 's tall enough to slam dunk , and supporters say that 's exactly what Adam Silver did when he announced a $ 2.5 million fine and banned Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling for life from the NBA . Silver , 52 , is just three months into his tenure as NBA commissioner , and the scandal over Sterling 's racist comments is the first major test he 's faced as the league 's leader . In an interview with CNN 's partner website Bleacher Report earlier this year , Silver described himself as a subdued basketball fan who was more likely to quietly observe than shout at the court . But he was anything but subdued on Tuesday , leaving no room for interpretation as he announced Sterling 's punishment and firmly declared that the Clippers owner 's views "  have no place in the NBA . " From inside and outside the league , praise for Silver 's swift , decisive move came as fast as the condemnation of Sterling 's comments . "  Kudos to Adam Silver , " Grantland editor-in-chief and sports commentator Bill Simmons said in a Twitter post . "  That was such an important moment for the NBA  and for him , too  and he handled it spectacularly . " Silver is known within the league as a consensus builder , and he commanded respect in various roles with the organization over the past 22 years , according to Bleacher Report . One key part of his philosophy : Basketball is a team game . Growing up a diehard New York Knicks fan , he remembers watching players like Earl Monroe , Bill Bradley and Clyde Frazier play at Madison Square Garden . "  You thought about them as a team , " Silver told Bleacher Report . "  There was no sense that any individual was greater than the team back then . " Learning from great coaches and general managers over the years has reinforced that idea , he said . "  I believe I 've developed a true appreciation of the team concept and one that , sort of as the new commissioner-slash-CEO of this organization , I 'm really hoping to put into practice , " he told Bleacher Report . Silver 's also known for favoring transparency . "  As deputy commissioner , he was a driving force behind the decision to publicly announce blown referee calls , " Bleacher Report 's Howard Beck wrote . "  The NBA 's move to post videos explaining the league 's most misunderstood rules also stemmed from Silver 's advocacy . " Silver grew up outside New York City and graduated from Duke University and the University of Chicago Law School . He told The New York Times earlier this year that he never imagined a career in professional basketball . "  I loved basketball , but I never dreamed about playing in the NBA or certainly working for the NBA , " he told the newspaper . Silver worked as a law clerk and a corporate lawyer before his career took the unexpected turn . He joined the NBA in 1992 as a special assistant to then-Commissioner David Stern . From there , he served as the NBA 's chief of staff , senior vice president and chief operating officer of NBA Entertainment and president and chief operating officer of NBA Entertainment . He became the league 's second-in-command in July 2006 . Silver may have a background as a lawyer and a businessman , but underneath it all , friends say , he 's a basketball fan . "  He loves the game , " Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski , who has worked extensively with Silver , told Bleacher Report . "  People can know the game , like the game , but then there are those who love the game . ... He 's very proud of the game and his part in the game . He knows he 's part of something bigger than him . " Silver has consulted with coaches about changes and made them feel included , Dallas Mavericks Coach Rick Carlisle told Bleacher Report . "  It breeds a real trust with him coming into this as the main guy now , " said Carlisle , president of the National Basketball Coaches Association . The youngest of five siblings , Silver never played basketball competitively but says he sometimes shot hoops on a basket mounted on the side of his house growing up . "  David Stern always says that ` Adam 's a facilitator , because he 's the youngest child , ' " Silver told Bleacher Report . "  I think I 've always been the defender of whoever it is being yelled at , at that moment . " What the ban means for Clippers ' finances	The Donald Sterling controversy was Adam Silver 's first major test as NBA commissioner Analyst : Silver handled the scandal over Sterling 's racist comments "  spectacularly " A key part of Silver 's philosophy : No individual is greater than the team Silver grew up as a New York Knicks fan and has worked for the NBA for 22 years
Canton , Georgia  CNN  -- New details emerged Thursday in the brutal slaying of a 7-year-old Georgia girl , hours after an attorney for the suspect said his client would plead not guilty . Seven-year-old Jorelys Rivera 's mouth was duct-taped , and her hands and feet were bound with plastic ties , a source close to the investigation said . Authorities have charged 20-year-old maintenance worker Ryan Brunn with killing Jorelys , who was last seen alive Friday near a playground at the apartment complex where he worked in Canton , Georgia . They found her mangled body in a trash compactor there three days later , the source said . A court date for an arraignment has not been set . David Cannon Sr. , one of Brunn 's court-appointed attorneys , said his client will enter a "  not guilty plea " at the appropriate time . Brunn wore an orange jumpsuit and a bullet-proof vest Thursday during his first court appearance . His hands and feet were shackled during the hearing , which lasted only a few minutes . After the hearing , defense attorney Daran Burns told reporters that his client was "  very shaken . " "  We 're investigating our case , " Burns said . "  It 's obviously a very tragic case . It 's a very serious case . We take it very seriously . Just give us time to do our jobs . " After Cherokee County Superior Court Judge Frank Mills read him his rights Thursday , Brunn said he understood what he was being charged with and was satisfied with his counsel . Brunn , who was arrested Wednesday , is in segregated confinement in prison and wore a bullet-proof vest Thursday due to the nature of the case , said Lt. Jay Baker , a spokesman for the Cherokee County Sheriff 's Office . "  It 's been a hot issue in the community . We did n't want to take any chances , " Baker told reporters . Jesus Palomino , who lives in the apartment complex , said he attended Thursday 's court appearance "  to see justice be served against this criminal that was living in my neighborhood . " "  The mood right now inside the apartment complex is very saddening , you know , it 's hard to go outside without looking both ways before you even step outside your door , because you 're just scared that somebody might be there , " he said . Thursday 's court appearance came after the little girl 's mother called for capital punishment for the suspect . "  I do n't want any charges brought against him , " Joseline Rivera told CNN affiliate WSB . "  What I want is the death penalty . He 's an animal . He killed my little angel . " Brunn has not made a public statement , but his adopted brother has said he is innocent . The warrant for Brunn 's arrest charged him with murder and making false statements to law enforcement . "  The accused did unlawfully and with malice aforethought cause the death of Jorelys Rivera by hitting her on the head with a blunt object , " it said . Authorities have said there will likely be other charges , including kidnapping and sexual molestation . The little girl 's father , Ricardo Galarza , lives in Puerto Rico . He told CNN on Thursday that he last saw his daughter two years ago when she visited for the summer . She was supposed to visit for Christmas this year , Galarza said . He echoed Rivera 's call for the death penalty . Meanwhile , a judge ruled that Joseline Rivera 's two younger children -- Jorelys ' half-siblings -- could return to the custody of family members , attorney John Connley told reporters . Authorities took away the two children , ages 4 and 1 , on Saturday , a day after Jorelys went missing . The Georgia Division of Family and Children Services cited lack of supervision . Connley , who represents the children 's father , did not specify which parent would have custody . A family friend said the father of the two younger children lives in Miami . Authorities said Brunn has no known criminal history . His adopted brother , Connor , told CNN affiliate WXIA-TV that the arrest was a "  big mistake . " "  I honestly think he is innocent . There 's just no way he would do something like this . He 's just a kind-hearted person , " Connor Brunn said . He has spoken with Ryan , he said , who told him "  he would n't touch a girl like that . " "  He would n't ever do something like that . ... This is just all bogus . ... He knew that he was suspected but he never , like , thought that it would go to him . He was asked to help to go look for this little girl . And then he got brought into this , " Connor Brunn said . On what friends say is Ryan Brunn 's Facebook page , he described himself as being "  very outgoing " and having "  a ` wonderful ' life , family , and friends . " In July , he posted a message slamming Casey Anthony , who was acquitted of killing her daughter in Florida . He wrote that Casey Anthony should have died , "  but really she 'll get hers . " Tips from the public led investigators to Brunn , who had been working at the complex since November 7 , authorities said . Jorelys was abducted "  in the immediate vicinity " of the apartment complex 's playground , then taken to an empty apartment nearby , Keenan said . "  We have evidence that the murder occurred in that vacant apartment , " he said . "  At some point , the child 's body was then disposed of in the Dumpster and compacted into trash . " Authorities have said Jorelys died of blunt force trauma to the head , was stabbed and had been sexually assaulted . Neighbor Heather Johnson-Coker said residents were suspicious of Brunn after investigators found Jorelys ' body in the trash compactor , which can only be operated with a key that employees at the complex have . She said the maintenance worker had mentioned the large number of vacant apartments in the complex when a boy from the area went missing for a few hours recently . "  He said , and I quote , ` It would be really easy for someone to break in and do something to one of these children , ' " Johnson-Coker said Wednesday . Connor Brunn said investigators should have focused on the complex 's other maintenance workers , who also had access to the trash compactor , instead of his brother . "  I think they were looking at him because he was one of the maintenance guys there , " he said . "  But he 's just one out of what , four or five other maintenance guys that work there ? " Brunn was one of hundreds of people whom investigators interviewed in their search for suspects , Keenan said Wednesday . "  We 're confident that Brunn is a killer , " Keenan charged , but he added that the investigation will continue for months . "  We are investigating all of the past history of Ryan Brunn and piecing together what he 's been doing the last several years , " he added . "  We have sent agents to other states and also to other counties and we 're going to backtrack all of his activities and make a determination if he has been involved in other crimes . He has no known criminal history to us , but we will find out . " CNN 's Gustavo Valdes , Holly Firfer , Mike Brooks and Rich Phillips contributed to this report from Canton . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed from Atlanta .	NEW : A source says the 7-year-old 's hands and feet were bound with plastic ties Brunn will enter a "  not guilty " plea , his court-appointed attorney says A sheriff 's spokesman says Brunn wore a bullet-proof vest due to the nature of the case Attorney : Judge rules the two younger half-siblings can return to family custody
NEW YORK  CNN  -- On the 16th floor of a nondescript building in lower Manhattan , a group of tech-savvy staffers clad mostly in jeans and T-shirts is changing the way Americans watch TV election coverage . CNN 's John King uses the "  Magic Wall " to illustrate and explain election projections . Perceptive Pixel is a high-tech startup company . You may not have heard of them , but you 've probably seen their most famous product : an interactive , Multi-Touch Collaboration Wall better known as CNN 's "  Magic Wall . " Throughout the 2008 primaries and the general election , John King , CNN 's Chief National Correspondent , has stood before the now-familiar electronic wall map , zooming in and out of battleground states with a few pokes of his fingers . The big map allows King to instantly tally electoral votes , shift swing states from one candidate 's camp to another 's and highlight red swaths of John McCain turf alongside blue pockets of support for Barack Obama . "  Multi-touch is a whole new way of working with the computer where you can actually use more than one finger at a time . That means both hands , that means all ten fingers , that might mean multiple users in front of a screen , " says Jeff Han , founder and chief scientist of Perceptive Pixel . "  Never have you been able to manipulate this many objects , with this many degrees of freedom , at the same time . " Watch the wall in action " The inspiration for the multi-touch technology came from a decidedly non-digital event : Han was drinking a glass of water . He noticed the way light was interacting with his fingers as they touched the glass , and an ` Ah ha ! ' moment was born that put him straight to work . "  After you get an inspiration like that you run back to the lab where you have a lot of spare parts and all of a sudden , literally within days , you can start going to prototype , " he says . "  It was pretty neat . " In 2006 , Han became the darling of the tech world after unveiling his multi-touch tricks at the annual technology , entertainment and design conference known as TED . In front of some of the industry 's biggest movers and shakers , Han zigged and zagged his way across the screen , using both hands to manipulate images , draw cartoonish figures and toss around digital vacation photos like Polaroids . By the time TED ended , Han knew his technology was a hit . But he never expected that CNN would take his product mainstream . Han was exhibiting his multi-touch screen at a military trade show when he bumped into some executives from the cable news network who saw a groundbreaking use for the technology . That meeting marked the birth of King 's eight-foot-long electronic sidekick , which has gotten almost as much air time this year as Wolf Blitzer . In recent months the "  Magic Wall " has been parodied on Comedy Central 's "  The Daily Show " and NBC 's "  Saturday Night Live , " on which cast member Fred Armisen played with the map like it was a toy . David Bohrman , CNN 's Washington Bureau Chief , praises the Magic Wall for giving viewers "  both deep and clear information " in a visually interesting way . "  Here is a perfect example of how effective it can be : During our coverage of the Indiana primary , we were able to zoom in , county-by-county , to voting returns , and even though some of our competitors had already called the race , we were able to explain why we were n't able to do so , " Bohrman says . "  John King was able to show the votes outstanding , the votes in Gary , Indiana , and how the race could have gone for Obama or -LSB- Hillary -RSB- Clinton , with a slight difference in that county 's results . We were actually able to show viewers a lot more information and make the story clearer . " On Election Night , Bohrman anticipates the Magic Wall will allow King to display and interpret county-by-county votes for every state across the country . "  So if we 're able to project or not project a race , we will explain to viewers why , " he says . New additions to the Magic Wall also will allow it to illustrate balance of power scenarios in the Senate , Bohrman says . Other television networks have since added similar products to their news coverage . Han declines to reveal the workings of his technology , but he believes the screen will have an impact on much more than the nightly news . "  We 're just scratching the surface of what 's possible with it , " he says . "  We see huge growth in diverse areas such as creative applications , architecture , in education , in collaborative brainstorming , ideation processes -- which starts to cover a huge range of companies . " Han is tight-lipped about Perceptive Pixel 's current clients , although he tells CNN , "  most of our customers are three-letter agencies , classified work , a lot of secret stuff . " As his touch-screens have risen in popularity -- Han says there are still some obstacles in getting people to understand how they work . Han 's multi-touch screens are undeniably cool , with a seemingly magnetic effect on users and audiences alike . One of Han 's presentations has been viewed on YouTube over 250,000 times . But he says he does n't get too caught up in their revolutionary potential . "  I do n't see one kind of interface , multi-touch or whatever it is , -LSB- replacing -RSB- the traditional keyboard and mouse , " he says . "  When the mouse came about , the keyboard did n't go away . "	A New York startup developed the technology behind CNN 's "  Magic Wall " CNN 's John King uses the electronic wall map to explain election results The multi-touch-screen map can be manipulated by multiple fingers or users at once Inventor Jeff Han 's inspiration for the device came from drinking a glass of water
