On my first full day in the most economically divided county in America , people started telling me about the man who wanders the streets here with an American flag wrapped around his shoulders . Everyone knew him , but no one had many details . Me : Where will I find him ? You know , around . Me : Right ... Like where , though ? Near the lake , maybe . Sight unseen , this man became a sort of mythical being for me -- a representation of the soul of this part of the Mississippi River Delta , where a body of water and centuries of history largely separate the rich from poor . Surely , he must have something to say about the American Dream . As I wandered around both sides of Lake Providence , the town and the sickle-shaped body of water that separates the rich on the north from the poor on the south , I looked for the man with the American flag at every turn -- on Lake Street , with its boarded-up businesses ; at the Grab Bag , a local gathering point ; near a cemetery , where locals go to scratch off lottery tickets ; at the Dock , a restaurant with a cartoonish red crawfish on the roof and warning signs for alligators . I struck out , again and again . I began to wonder whether the man and the flag actually existed . There 's that scene in every great Western film  and in a dream sequence in "  Wayne 's World 2 "  where the cowboy looks across the desert and sees an elder or shaman in the heat-rippled haze of the horizon . Maybe all of these people imagined the man and his flag ? Maybe they wanted a source of hope in a place that 's about as economically depressed and desperate as they come . About 40 % of people in the parish live in poverty . There would be good cause for a mirage . A reason for an imaginary mascot . But then , five days into the trip , I saw him He was sitting on a metal parking barrier off Interstate 65 . I was scheduled to interview the owner of My Dream Eatery , a rare new-business success story in a town that needs plenty more of those . But I knew I would miss him if I went to the interview . Hell , I was worried if I looked away , he would disappear . I peeked my head into the restaurant as quickly as I could to say that I was going to be a few minutes , sorry , but something had just come up . As I walked toward him across the parking lot , I tried to look nonchalant but also wanted to catch his attention by waving , which is an impossible combination -- one employed successfully only by Mormon missionaries or maybe sex offenders . I said hello -- hi , ahem , my name is John , and I 'm from CNN . I 'm working on this story , and I , well , I 've heard about you .  !  I mean , I 've heard about you .  ... George Estes , 59 , was kind enough to speak with me . The American flag was neatly folded and wrapped around a backpack , not his shoulders . He was wearing several layers of clothing , a dress shirt , a tie , a tuxedo vest and a jacket . It felt like 100 degrees that day . Few clouds , if any . As we talked , he wiped beads of sweat from his face . But he looked completely and remarkably dapper for a person who walks five , six , seven , eight miles a day -- going nowhere and everywhere in particular . He wears a large backpack , he said , to stop his back from hurting . Estes ' parents both died when he was relatively young , and he dropped out of school in seventh grade . He has struggled with mental health issues , he told me . He survives on government disability insurance . "  I 'd rather work than just be sitting here waiting on a check , " he said . But there are n't many jobs here , and he 's largely given up . I told him about the gist of my project . I was in East Carroll Parish because it has the highest level of income inequality -- the biggest rich-poor gap -- of any parish or county in the country . Lake Providence is the parish 's largest town . Estes told me knows nothing about the wealth that exists in the parish . That 's all on the other side of the lake , far away . But he knows about the poverty . "  It 's just like anybody else , " he said . "  Surviving 's about the best you can do . " He lives in a rental house owned by his sister Ann Newson . She 's never understood why her brother walks so much . They have 12 siblings in all , and he 's the only one who insists on walking the streets all day , sometimes into the night . There are many stories I could tell you about Estes , but I 'll leave you with two , both about objects he carries with him at all times as he walks around Lake Providence . The first , inside his backpack , is a cornet . Estes used to play taps and did so at his mother 's funeral . Now he marches up and down the streets playing his horn , but only if he feels that God wants him to . He has n't felt that calling in weeks . His sister told a slightly different tale . "  Everyone used to love to hear him blow it , " she said later . "  I 'm sure they would love to hear it now , but he smokes too many cigarettes . " In a nod to one my new favorite philosophers , John Rawls , whose 1971 book "  A Theory of Justice " is a staple among inequality wonks , I asked Estes whether he thought his life would have been different if he were born on the other side of the lake -- if he were born into wealth rather than relative poverty . My heart broke when he answered . "  I probably would have been a college graduate , " he said . "  I probably would ... I do n't know what I would 've been .  An  architect ? But I 've always been inclined to music , because everybody loves music . "  I ai n't got no teeth in the front , but I still blow my horn , " he said . The second object is the flag . Estes found it crumpled up and discarded on the edge of Lake Providence , the symbolically named lake that 's the barrier between rich and poor . "  It was abandoned , and I was abandoned , and he seen me , and I needed it . " He told me he was collecting money to have the flag dry-cleaned . He was embarrassed by how dirty it had become . A few weeks later , on a second trip to Lake Providence , I saw Estes walking by the cemetery . I stopped to say hi and asked about the flag . He revived my belief in humanity when he told me a local dry cleaner tidied it up , free of charge .	East Carroll Parish , Louisiana , has the highest income inequality in America John Sutter visits the parish to try to learn what could narrow the rich-poor gap One man he met wanders the streets wearing an American flag "  I 'd rather work than just be sitting here waiting on a check , " he says
CNN  -- The strongest earthquake in 25 years in Northern California 's Bay Area struck early Sunday , injuring dozens of people , damaging historic buildings in downtown Napa and turning fireplaces into rubble . The 6.0-magnitude quake struck just six miles southwest of Napa , California 's famed wine country . "  Everything and everyone in Napa was affected by the quake . My house , along with everybody else 's , is a disaster . It looks like somebody broke in and ravaged the place , room by room , " said CNN iReporter Malissa Koven , who was awakened by the shaking at about 3:20 a.m. "  Anything and everything that could fall , did , " she said . One child was hurt when a fireplace collapsed and was airlifted to UC Davis Medical Center , hospital spokeswoman Vanessa deGier told CNN . Nearly 160 were treated for minor injuries at the emergency room at Queen of the Valley Hospital , though hospital CEO Walt Mickens could not confirm that all of those patients were injured in the earthquake . Thirteen people were admitted for orthopedic issues and medical conditions , according to Mickens . By Sunday night , only one patient was still in critical condition . Assessing the aftermath The damage in Napa is "  fairly significant , " said Glenn Pomeroy , the CEO of the California Earthquake Authority , who surveyed the area Sunday afternoon . At least 15,000 customers in and around Sonoma , Napa and Santa Rosa lost power , according to Pacific Gas and Electric Company . Roughly 7,300 were still without power as of Sunday evening . In historic downtown Napa , the bricks and beams that once made up buildings ' facades lay splayed in the street . Shattered glassware covered the floor of a local restaurant . One home had visible charring from a fire that occurred in the aftermath of the quake . Gas leaks and downed power lines were also reported . "  The post office building had cracked , the local hardware store was destroyed with layers of shelves that had fallen over and busted the windows , multiple buildings had fallen apart , and all the local businesses looked trashed on the inside and out , " Koven said . Pomeroy said that downtown was particularly hard hit "  probably because of the age of construction . " However , the damage "  is not as bad as it could have been , " Mark Ghilarducci , the director of the California Office of Emergency Services , said at a news conference Sunday . Putting out the fires To help with the recovery Gov. Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency . "  We 're here for the long run , " Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom told CNN . "  Not just when we 're putting out fires -- literally . " The earthquake triggered six major fires that destroyed several mobile homes , said Napa Division Fire Chief John Callanan . Napa Public Works Director Jack Rochelle said it might take up to a week to get the water system back to normal after dozens of water main breaks were reported . The water that is still flowing is safe to drink , he said . How did it feel ? Sunday 's earthquake struck four miles northwest of American Canyon , six miles southwest of Napa and nine miles southeast of Sonoma , according to the USGS . The USGS estimated that based on their locations , 15,000 people experienced severe shaking , 106,000 people felt very strong shaking , 176,000 felt strong shaking and 738,000 felt moderate shaking . For those in Napa , close to the epicenter , the quake jolted downtown residents such as Karen Lynch . "  It was not like other quakes we have felt , " Lynch told CNN . "  This was a violent quake . " Although the quake has not resulted in any deaths so far , many residents were surprised by how strong it was . "  Honestly it felt much worse than the '89 earthquake , " CNN iReporter Garret Gauer said . "  The refrigerator relocated itself to the other side of the kitchen " Farther south of the epicenter in San Francisco , CNN producer Augie Martin felt the quake differently . "  It was a fairly good shake , about 25 or 30 seconds . It was a softer rolling type earthquake , " he said . The quake struck about seven miles deep and was considered "  strong " by the USGS . Major quakes start at a 7.0 magnitude , according to the USGS scale . More than 60 aftershocks struck in the hours following the quake , according to the USGS , ranging from 0.6 to 3.6 magnitude . The economic loss is likely to be more than $ 1 billion , according to USGS pager data . Wine country hit "  I 've got a lot of broken wine , being here in Napa , " said Emily Massimi , who was woken up by the quake . "  We tend to collect wine , so I have wine all over my kitchen , and glass , and pictures off the wall and books off of bookshelves , " she told CNN . At Silver Oak Winery , owner David Duncan spent the morning cleaning up hundreds of broken wine bottles that fell off the shelves . "  Those bottles were very unique , " he said . They were part of his private collection and worth hundreds of dollars . Duncan said he plans to open the winery today . But it 's not just the wine economy that will feel the pain . "  There 's a mythology about Napa , that it 's all fancy wineries , " Newsom said . "  But underneath that there are a lot of folks here -- very low income -- that are going to need support . " 25 years later The quake was the strongest to hit the Bay Area since 1989 , when a 6.9-magnitude one struck during the World Series . The Loma Prieta earthquake caused 63 deaths , 3,757 injuries and an estimated $ 6 billion in property damage , according to the USGS . The damage from Sunday 's earthquake was relatively minor compared with the buckled highways and destroyed homes that scattered the Bay area in the aftermath of the quake 25 years ago . The 1994 Northridge earthquake in Southern California was nearly as deadly -- 60 people were killed and more than 7,000 were injured . The USGS says 20,000 people were left homeless in its aftermath . Follow the story in a CNN Storify . Did you feel it ? Weigh in at Facebook , Twitter , or CNN iReport . CNN 's Rick Martin and Carma Hassan contributed to this story	One hospital treats more than 170 people , most suffering bruises and cuts Young child in critical condition flown out for treatment , authorities say California governor declares state of emergency Water main ruptures and fires break out ; at least 15,000 people without power
ST. PAUL , Minnesota  CNN  -- Sex columnist Dan Savage and author of the popular syndicated sex advice column "  Savage Love , " made his way to St. Paul , Minnesota , to attend the Republican National Convention where he is filming a piece for HBO 's "  Real Time with Bill Maher . " Sex columnist Dan Savage is reporting on the GOP convention for HBO 's "  Real Time with Bill Maher . " Planted in the CNN Grill , Savage shares his thoughts on John McCain 's running mate , Sarah Palin , tells us what a sex columnist is doing at a political convention , and gives us his take on who 's sexier , Democrats or Republicans . Here are five questions for Dan Savage : CNN : You 're here because you 're a lifelong Republican ? Savage : No , that 's not true , actually . I 'm a Democrat , although I am a registered Republican in Washington State , but just to drive the Washington State Republican Party up the wall . CNN : Why are you here ? Savage : I was here to see if I could find any evidence of George W. Bush at the convention . And I found very little . There was that satellite feed . I bought this button -LSB- points to Dick Cheney button on his shirt -RSB- . This will be the only time you 'll see Dick Cheney at the convention is when you see me walk by with this button ... I was n't able to purchase it here ... I mean you talk to Republican delegates walking around , a lot of them will admit that George Bush has been a major disappointment and they 're happy that he 's not here . And one of the reasons that they 're happy he 's not here is that they do n't want America reminded that four years ago and eight years ago , these same delegates ... thought George Bush walked on water . CNN : Why would "  Real Time with Bill Maher " send a sex columnist to cover the Republican National Convention ? Savage : Because when you 're a sex writer in America you have to write about politics because politicians will not stop obsessing about it -- screwing around with people 's sex lives . Often when I write about politics in "  Savage Love , " my sex advice column , people write to me and say , "  you 're a sex columnist , stick to sex . " And I 'll say -- I usually respond -- "  I 'll be able to stick to sex when politicians stick to politics and leave our sex lives alone , and stop politicizing our sex lives . " But they do . And it 's one of the major differences between the two political parties , our sexual issues . And so my view is very relevant , I feel very at home here . CNN : Any thoughts on McCain 's running mate choice ? Savage : I think Palin has been the clown car of the vice presidential nominee . You never know what 's going to pop out of Palin next . CNN : Who 's sexier : Republicans or Democrats ? Savage : Well , there 's just something about those Young Republicans . They 're very sexy . They 're very tense and nervous . I spoke to a lot of them because I 've been running around the convention asking teenagers throughout the convention if they 're virgins or not . ` Cuz I feel like I have a right to know because we 've invested over a billion dollars in abstinence education programs under George Bush .	Savage : Here to see if I could find any evidence of George W. Bush at the convention Savage : I found very little of Bush or Cheney Savage : "  I think Palin has been the clown car of the vice presidential nominee " Savage : "  You never know what 's going to pop out of Palin next "
CNN  -- Hungry air travelers know that all those onboard snacks and spirits reserved for premium-class passengers or available only for a fee look mighty tempting , but airport workers apparently give them a second look as well . Milwaukee County Sheriff 's deputies were dispatched to General Mitchell International Airport last week after an AirTran Airways manager complained that he saw a maintenance worker take wine bottles from a plane and put them in his jacket pocket . The worker was identified as Jesse Repetti , 28 , an employee with PrimeFlight Aviation Services who was responsible for cleaning the plane , according to a complaint filed in the Milwaukee County Circuit Court . When they arrived , the deputies found Repetti in a jetway , eating a bag of chips , "  which belonged to AirTran , " the court papers say . They asked the suspect whether he had wine bottles in his pocket , and he replied "  yes , " according to the complaint . When the deputies searched Repetti , they found a small bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon , a small bottle of Chardonnay , three small bottles of whiskey , three small bottles of rum , a can of beer , two bags of chips and two bags of pretzels . Officials estimate that the items were worth about $ 70 . Repetti has been charged with theft , a misdemeanor punishable with a fine of up to $ 10,000 and/or nine months in prison . A pretrial conference in the case has been scheduled for next week . Court documents do not say whether Repetti has retained an attorney .	The incident happened at General Mitchell International Airport in Milwaukee AirTran manager says he saw a plane cleaner take wine bottles from an aircraft Complaint : Sherriff 's deputies searched the man and found bottles of alcohol , snacks Jesse Repetti has been charged with theft
CNN  -- Shortly after President Obama tapped Stanley McChrystal in June 2009 to be the top commander in Afghanistan , CNN reported that McChrystal would never let a reporter in the room during classified morning meetings he led among senior military officers . McChrystal was known in Washington for his discretion . He kept a low profile , briefly interrupted by two major news events . The general was criticized for the way he handled the circumstances of U.S. soldier Pat Tillman 's friendly fire death in Afghanistan in 2004 . In 2006 , McChrystal was lauded for the death of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , the leader of al Qaeda in Iraq . The media spotlight on McChrystal this week , however , may be the hottest in the general 's storied military career . On Tuesday , McChrystal flew from Afghanistan to Washington . His boss , President Obama , has asked the general to explain in person the derisive comments he and his aides made to a Rolling Stone reporter . The magazine 's profile on McChrystal , due out Friday , depicts an angry , snarky and foulmouthed general lambasting how the war in Afghanistan is being conducted . McChrystal does not directly criticize Obama in the article , but reporter Michael Hastings writes that the general and Obama "  failed from the outset to connect " after the president took office . Sources familiar with their first meeting said McChrystal thought Obama looked "  uncomfortable and intimidated " by the room full of top military officials , according to the article . The journalist writes that an unnamed aide to McChrystal mocks Vice President Joe Biden . "  Are you asking about Vice President Biden ? ' " McChrystal says with a laugh . "  Who 's that ? Biden ? " suggests a top adviser . " ` Did you say : Bite Me ? " McChrystal has n't denied the article 's accuracy . In a statement , he called his comments "  a mistake " and apologized for "  poor judgment . " The general has also fired a press aide over the article , two Defense Department sources told CNN . McChrystal , a West Point graduate and former Green Beret , was a senior official on the staff of Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Michael Mullen . Between 2003 and 2008 , he was the commander of the highly clandestine Joint Special Operations Command , which oversees the military 's most sensitive forces , including the Army 's Delta Force . In 2009 , Defense Secretary Robert Gates asked for the resignation of Gen. David D. McKiernan , the former U.S. and NATO commander in Afghanistan . McChrystal would have "  fresh eyes on the problem " in Afghanistan , Gates said at the time . McChrystal has pushed a counterinsurgency strategy in Afghanistan intended to empower the civilian population so much that the insurgency will slowly be demoralized , fractured and defeated . Part of that plan means a prohibition in some areas on lethal air strikes and other attack methods so that civilian injuries and deaths can be avoided . Some U.S. service members have been critical of the move , arguing that the rules have left them vulnerable . In a July 2009 interview with Time , McChrystal explained his approach . "  First thing is , if you take a very small area , you have to try and figure out what is going on in that area . ... It 's like knowing what is going on in your neighborhood , " he said . "  Not just the traffic on the road , but how money is made , who is running rule of law , who do they go to when they have dispute adjudication -- do they go to a Taliban shadow court , a government of Afghanistan official entity ? " " ... You have to get at the attitudes of the people . And that is why I say you have to immerse yourself in it and understand it before you can confidently assess it , " he told Time . Just who the man is behind the strategy is tougher to assess . "  He 's lanky , smart , tough , a sneaky stealth soldier , " Maj. Gen. William Nash , a retired officer , told The New York Times in May 2009 . "  He 's got all the Special Ops attributes , plus an intellect . " The Times reported that McChrystal thrives on a few hours of sleep a night and often eats only one meal a day . He has for years been an avid distance runner . When he did a yearlong fellowship at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York , he reportedly ran 12 miles a day from his home in Brooklyn to Manhattan . McChrystal 's last public apology came during his Senate confirmation hearing for the top post in Afghanistan . He said he was sorry for his role in the way the Pentagon handled Pat Tillman 's death . Tillman gave up an NFL contract to join the Army and fight in Afghanistan . He was killed by friendly fire in 2004 . A Pentagon investigation found that McChrystal was notified that the soldier was a victim of fratricide . But Tillman 's family said they were led to believe he was killed by insurgents . Tillman 's mother said last year that McChrystal knew at her son 's memorial service that he had died of friendly fire , but did not tell the family . She said McChrystal was "  lying . " Investigations by the Army 's Criminal Investigation Division and the Defense Department 's inspector general concluded that officers in Tillman 's chain of command knew almost immediately that he had been killed by fire from his own platoon . That information , however , was withheld from his family for more than a month , in violation of Army regulations . McChrystal told the Senate Armed Services Committee that he helped expedite the Silver Star award for Tillman before confirming that Tillman was killed by friendly fire . The Army did not take action against McChrystal .	Stanley McChrystal known for keeping a low profile throughout most of his career A West Point graduate and former Green Beret , he leads Afghanistan mission Rolling Stone profile of McChrystal quotes him and his staff mocking administration
CNN  -- Tyrone Garrett 's father was n't around while he was growing up . So when Garrett 's girlfriend , Whitney Hammond , told him she was pregnant , he knew he had to make a change . Garrett , then 26 , weighed 335 pounds . Like many members of his family , he had high blood pressure , but he refused to take medication . One time at work , his heart started beating so fast he could see it moving up and down through his shirt . Hammond rushed him to the doctor , who warned that he was dangerously close to having a heart attack . "  It was the scariest thing in my life , " Garrett says . That experience , combined with the arrival of baby London , on March 5 , 2011 , finally inspired him to get fit . "  Being around for my only child was something I made a priority , " Garrett says , his voice warming as he talks about his daughter . "  She 's awesome . " Garrett bought a set of workout clothes and a pair of running shoes and headed to the gym . "  I remember it like it was yesterday , " the Manchester , Connecticut , resident says . "  I was nervous in front of everybody because I was so obese . " His first workout included a little bit of everything . Without a trainer , Garrett followed his instincts . His only rule in the beginning was to sweat . A lot . After a while , he turned to the Internet to learn more about nutrition . He started watching what he ate and counting calories . He stayed away from foods that were high in sodium to lower his blood pressure and avoided sweets . In the first month , he dropped 50 pounds . Over the next year and a half , he lost 130 pounds . He has shed about 10 more pounds since then . Have you lost weight ? Share your story Garrett wakes up every morning at 3 or 4 . He hits the gym , doing at least 45 minutes of cardio and two hours of weight training . Sometimes he swims laps . Other times he sits in the sauna to "  sweat out the toxins . " He brings light snacks such as bananas and protein bars to keep up his energy during the long workout . After three or four hours , he heads to work . He has a full-time job and two part-time ones to support Hammond and London . "  They are my drive and my support system on this  w  eight loss journey , " he wrote on CNN 's iReport.com . After work is daddy-daughter time . Occasionally , if there 's time after London is in bed , Garrett heads to the gym again . Hammond fully supports her fiance 's near-obsessive workout schedule . "  He  just wants to maintain what he worked so hard for , " she wrote in an e-mail . "  And if I need him , no matter what machine he 's doing , he will drop it and run to his family . " The couple met in high school and have been together for almost 13 years . Their wedding is set for June 15 . "  His weight loss has changed his whole outlook on life , " Hammond says . "  He loves his new lifestyle and only wants to go up from here . " Garrett 's changes have crept into Hammond 's life as well . She 's altered her eating habits and takes her daughter on daily walks to stay active . She 's looking forward to a long life with her future husband . Garrett does n't allow himself full cheat days -- "  the fear of messing up and going backward is still there " -- but he does splurge once in a while on some extra chicken wings or a bigger meal than usual . There are days when his legs and arms hurt and his bones ache from all the exercise , but he reminds himself that no one else can do the work for him . He 's at 194 pounds and wants to reach 180 . That said , any extra weight loss at this point is simply a bonus to being healthy . "  As long as I can wake up every morning and breathe in and out , I 'm cool with everything else , " Garrett says . He loves to go outside and play with his daughter without breathing heavily or sweating excessively . He likes not having to worry about going to the doctor or taking medications . He 's thrilled that others have been inspired by his story ; a co-worker lost 80 pounds and several family members have lost more than 50 . "  It 's coming from me , " he says , almost in disbelief . "  You never would have thought I would be a lean guy . Sometimes I have to pinch myself to make sure it 's real . " Follow Jacque Wilson on Twitter @jdwilson2 and Google + .	Tyrone Garrett went from 335 pounds to 194 pounds Garrett 's daughter , London , and his fiancee inspire him to stay healthy Garrett works out three to four hours a day and stays away from sweets
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- About half of the staff of the National Hurricane Center have signed a petition calling for the ouster of the center 's director , saying its "  effective functioning " is at stake as the Atlantic hurricane season heads toward its peak . National Hurricane Center Director Bill Proenza said he was reprimanded for comments about replacing a key satellite . "  An unfortunate public debate is now occurring over the ability of the National Hurricane Center to meet its mission , " the petition , released Thursday , says . "  The undersigned staff of the National Hurricane Center has concluded that the center needs a new director , and with the heart of the hurricane season fast approaching , urges the Department of Commerce to make this happen as quickly as possible . " Twenty-three people signed the petition -- about half the center 's total staff , but about 70 percent of those who were available and discussed the statement Thursday , said James Franklin , a senior hurricane specialist . The center 's current director , Bill Proenza , took over in January after the retirement of Max Mayfield . Proenza caused an uproar last month with comments about a key hurricane satellite called QuikScat . The satellite is five years beyond its life expectancy and operating on a backup transmitter . Proenza said if it were to fail , forecast tracks could be thrown off by as much as 16 percent . He told CNN that Washington reprimanded him for the comments -- "  They wanted me to be quiet about it . " But one of the center 's veteran forecasters said Proenza 's comments were misguided . "  QuikScat is another tool that we use to forecast , " Lixion Avila said . "  The forecast will not be degraded if we do n't have the QuikScat . " The Commerce Department this week launched an unscheduled review of the hurricane center after word of the staff 's dissatisfaction started to become public , The Associated Press reported . Hurricane center staffers told CNN 's John Zarrella they were not consulted before Proenza made the remarks and replacing the satellite would not be one of their priorities . But they said their dissatisfaction stems not only from Proenza 's comments , but also from the environment at the center -- one of closed doors and the public airing of dirty laundry . Staffers say they are worried the hurricane center 's mission is being undermined and that public confidence in the center could erode -- meaning the public might not take the center 's storm warnings or evacuation alerts seriously , for instance . The statement was not sent to the Commerce Department , Zarrella said , but was sent to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's public affairs office . The National Hurricane Center is under NOAA 's authority . E-mail to a friend	23 staff members sign petition asking for director 's ouster Bill Proenza took over in January after Max Mayfield 's retirement Staff unhappy with environment of closed doors , public bickering Commerce Department reviewing hurricane center 's operations
New York  CNN  -- Taliban insurgents in Afghanistan will be unable to withstand mounting U.S. pressure and their only option will be to break with al Qaeda and join a peaceful dialogue on the country 's future , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Friday . "  They can not wait us out . They can not defeat us . And they can not escape this choice , " Clinton said in a major address on U.S. policy in Afghanistan and Pakistan . In her remarks to the Asia Society , Clinton reaffirmed President Barack Obama 's pledge to begin withdrawing troops this July , based on conditions on the ground , and said all troops will be out of the country by the end of 2014 . Clinton said the United States and its NATO allies in Afghanistan are simultaneously pursuing "  three surges " aimed at ending the nearly decade-old conflict . The military offensive will be supported by civilian efforts to bolster Afghanistan 's government and an "  intensified diplomatic push , " she said . "  As the military surge weakens the insurgents and pressures them to consider alternatives to armed resistance , the civilian surge creates economic and social incentives for participating in peaceful society , " Clinton said . Also being launched , she said , is a "  diplomatic surge to move this conflict toward a political outcome that shatters the alliance between the Taliban and al Qaeda , ends the insurgency and helps produce a stable Afghanistan and a peaceful region . " "  That would leave al Qaeda alone and on the run , " she said . Although the reconciliation process must be Afghan-led , Clinton said , it will draw in other countries in the region and the international community . Such efforts could build upon President Karzai 's plans for reconciliation , including the Peace Jirga in June and the High Peace Council which is holding meetings throughout the country . The process , she said , must be accepted by "  all of Afghanistan 's major ethnic and political blocs " and must include women . She said that in order to join reconciliation efforts , the Taliban must renounce violence , abandon their alliance with al-Qaeda , and abide by the constitution of Afghanistan . "  If former militants are willing to meet these red lines , they would then be able to participate in the political life of the country under the constitution , " she said . She acknowledged that the success of reconciliation efforts depends on the participation of Pakistan , which she said plays a "  pivotal role . " While Clinton said Pakistan will have to be part of the process and its concerns must be taken into account by the Afghan government , she also said Pakistan must respect Afghan sovereignty and take steps to prevent the Afghan Taliban from conducting the insurgency from Pakistani territory . Warning that Pakistan is at risk of major instability that would hamper the war effort in Afghanistan , she urged the Pakistani government to implement broad reforms and stop fomenting anti-American sentiment . Clinton announced that retired veteran diplomat Marc Grossman , a former U.S. ambassador to Turkey who served in Pakistan early in his career , will be the new special representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan , replacing Richard Holbrooke , who died in December . As Republicans in Congress propose sharp budget cuts , Clinton warned it is critical to maintain funding for Afghanistan 's civilian reconstruction . "  Retreating from the civilian side of the mission -- as some funding proposals currently before Congress would do -- would be a grave mistake , " she said .	Mounting pressure is putting the Taliban in a bind , Clinton says An "  intensified diplomatic push " will join the military and civilian surges , she says The aim is to shatter the alliance between the Taliban and al Qaeda , she says
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- The Syrian regime says it has taken over a rebel stronghold in Homs , inflicting a strategic and psychological blow to rebels in the country 's two-year-long crisis . Government forces took control of the Khalidiya neighborhood of Homs , Syrian state-run TV reported Monday . The area had been under rebel control for about a year . Controlling the area of Khalidiya is crucial as it helps regime forces gain control of the city of Homs . In turn , controlling Homs helps gain a handle on the main routes and territory between the coastal town of Tartus , on the Mediterranean , and the capital , Damascus . A regime capture of Homs could be a key turning point in the bloody war , which has killed more than 100,000 people . The rebel Free Syrian Army has not commented on the regime 's claim . But on Saturday , dissidents reported violent clashes between rebels and government forces in Khalidiya . Fighters from Hezbollah , the Lebanese Shiite militia backed by Iran , joined the regime 's side , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . Opposition activists said the regime had taken over about 50 % of Khalidiya . Khalidiya has been a rebel haven as the rest of Homs city suffered intense fighting . Syria 's third-largest city is now riddled with scars from shelling and airstrikes that pummeled it last year . President Bashar al-Assad 's forces have made notable advances in recent months , including the capture of Qusayr , a town near the Lebanese border . Hezbollah fighters were instrumental in that siege . CNN 's Holly Yan contributed to this report .	The Khalidiya neighborhood of Homs has been a rebel stronghold for about a year The area is crucial because it helps the regime gain control of Homs Opposition activists have said the regime has control of about half of Khalidiya A capture there could be a turning point in a war that has killed 100,000 people
Washington  CNN  -- The planned large rally by Fox News Channel and radio talk show host Glenn Beck on Saturday on the National Mall is causing controversy because of its location and timing . Saturday is the 47th anniversary of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's "  I Have a Dream " speech , and Beck 's rally will be in front of the Lincoln Memorial , where the civil rights leader delivered his historic address . Beck , a hero to many conservative voters across the country , says that the mission of the rally is to honor American troops and that the event is nonpolitical . A news release for the "  Restoring Honor " rally says "  this non-political event benefits the Special Operations Warrior Foundation and pays tribute to America 's service personnel and other upstanding citizens who embody our nation 's founding principles of integrity , truth and honor . " Tea Party activists from across the country are expected to attend , and former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , a Fox News contributor , is expected to have a prominent speaking role . "  Tea Party Patriots , our national coordinators , are going because our supporters from around the country by the thousands are going to be there tomorrow for this event , " Tea Party Patriots National Coordinator Jenny Beth Martin said Friday on "  CNN 's American Morning . " Beck has been heavily promoting the event on his Fox program and on his radio broadcasts , and he says that the timing of the event was n't intentional . "  It was not my intention to select 8-28 because of the Martin Luther King tie . It is the day he made that speech . I had no idea until I announced it , " Beck said on his radio show in June , soon after the announcement of the rally . "  Whites do n't own Abraham Lincoln . Blacks do n't own Martin Luther King . Those are American icons , American ideas , and we should just talk about character , and that 's really what this event is about . It 's about honoring character , " Beck said Thursday on his Fox program . Also speaking at the event will be Alveda King , a niece of the late civil rights leader . While the NAACP put out a cautious statement regarding the rally , there has been plenty of criticism of the event . "  It 's offensive because it 's out of line with the fact . It 's out of line with the truth . The reality is that the conservative movement in America historically has always opposed expansion of civil rights for all kinds of people , " Michael Fauntroy , an assistant professor of public policy at George Mason University , said Friday on CNN 's American Morning . "  From my perspective , there 's no real evidence that Glenn Beck is serious about trying to bring people together and to reclaim the civil rights movement , in my opinion ; it 's really about trying to confuse the civil rights movement and to delegitimize it and in fact dishonor it , " Fauntroy said . Expect a lot of debate over the size of the crowd . While the National Park Service long ago stopped giving crowd estimates for events along the National Mall , organizers of the rally are putting out predictions . Brendan Steinhauser , director of state and federal campaigns for FreedomWorks , which has been helping to organize the event , predicts a crowd of 250,000 or more . He thinks the crowd will fill up the Lincoln Memorial area , the reflecting pool and reach the area by the National World War II Memorial . FreedomWorks is a nonprofit organization that helps train volunteer activists and provides some of the organization behind the Tea Party movement , including last year 's 9/12 taxpayer march on Washington . "  FreedomWorks has been sharing our logistical notes from organizing the huge 9/12 Taxpayer March on Washington in 2009 with Glenn Beck 's staff , " Steinhauser said . "  They are doing the heavy lifting on the 8/28 event , and we 've tried to be as supportive as possible in terms of promotion , sending volunteers their way , helping them navigate the bureaucratic obstacles to doing events in Washington , and most importantly , turning out FreedomWorks members for the weekend 's events . " One hour after the start of the Beck rally , NAACP President and CEO Benjamin Todd Jealous will join the Rev. Al Sharpton and his National Action Network and other civil rights leaders in a mass rally just a few miles away . Education Secretary Arne Duncan is also participating . Following an event at Washington 's Dunbar High School , the participants will march to the site of the future Martin Luther King Jr. . National Memorial just a few blocks from the Lincoln Memorial . It 's possible participants in both events could cross paths . Organizers of the Beck rally and FreedomWorks say they have not coordinated their efforts with Republican Party officials . And officials at the Republican National Committee , the National Republican Senatorial Committee and the National Republican Congressional Committee all say they are not involved in the event . But a top House Democrat charges that Beck 's claim that the rally is nonpolitical is nonsense . "  It 's blatantly political , " Rep. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland , the chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , said at an appearance Friday at the National Press Club . "  I mean , come on . You have seen Glenn Beck and a lot of the talk show hosts on Fox News out there talking about this election for the last 15 months since the day President Obama was elected president . " "  You 've had a constant tirade against the president , against Democratic efforts to get the economy turned around . Let 's call it what it is . It 's a blatant political effort . "	Glenn Beck 's "  Restoring Honor " rally will be on same day , near spot of "  I Have a Dream " speech Beck says timing is n't deliberate , his event is nonpolitical and it aims to honor American troops Critics say event dishonors civil rights movement The Rev. Al Sharpton , other civil rights leaders plan mass rally just a few miles away
Washington  CNN  -- In the final hours before $ 85 billion in widely disliked spending cuts began to take effect Friday , top political leaders did virtually nothing to defuse Washington 's latest self-imposed fiscal crisis . Democrats blamed Republicans , Republicans blamed Democrats , and both sides prepared for the next showdown -- a possible government shutdown on March 27 . Here are the highlights of Friday 's partisan skirmish : Last minute White House meeting achieves nothing President Barack Obama , Vice President Joe Biden , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , House Speaker John Boehner , and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi huddled behind closed doors for less than an hour Friday morning . As expected , the meeting did n't accomplish anything . The gathering was "  subdued " a GOP congressional aide told CNN . Democrats insisted once again that the cuts could be avoided if only Republicans would compromise and agree to higher taxes on the rich . "  None of this is necessary , " Obama told reporters after the meeting . "  It 's happening because  of  a choice that Republicans in Congress have made . They 've allowed these cuts to happen because they refuse to budge on closing a single wasteful  tax  loophole to help reduce the deficit . " The country "  will get through this , " he insisted . But "  it 's just dumb . " Republicans once again ruled out new taxes , and said they had already done their part . "  The  GOP-controlled  House should n't have to pass a third bill before the  Democratic-controlled  Senate does anything , " said Boehner , referring to Republican-drafted legislation that died in the last Congress . "  The House has laid out a plan to avoid the  current cuts  . ... This discussion about revenue , in my view , is over . It 's about taking on the spending problem here in Washington . " The current pending budget cuts are the result of an ongoing partisan impasse whose origins stem from an August 2011 agreement to increase the debt ceiling . Obama : I do n't have horns and I 'm not a Jedi "  I recognize that it is very hard for Republican leaders to be perceived as making concessions to me , " Obama told reporters . "  Sometimes I reflect -- is there something else I can do to make these guys ... not to paint horns on my head ? " The president bemoaned his inability to force GOP leaders to cut a deal . "  I know that this has been some of the conventional wisdom that 's been floating around Washington ... that I should , somehow , you know , do a Jedi mind meld with these folks and convince them to do what 's right , " Obama said . "  If there was a secret way to  convince them  , I would have tried it . I would have done it . What I can do is , I can make the best possible argument . And I can offer concessions , and I can offer compromise . " Boehner : House will try to avoid a government shutdown The next big date on the fiscal calendar is March 27 , the day Washington 's spending authority expires for the rest of the current fiscal year . Congress has to pass a bill extending federal spending authority or the government will shut down . "  The House is going to move a  legislation  next week to fund the government past March 27 , " Boehner said . "  I hope the Senate will follow suit . ... I 'm hopeful that we wo n't have to deal with the threat of a government shutdown while we 're dealing with the  spending cuts  at the same time . " And speaking of that shutdown ... As March 27 approaches , lawmakers will continue to fight over the $ 85 billion in spending cuts . Should a new government funding bill include the current cuts ? Should it substitute another $ 85 billion in cuts ? Should greater flexibility be provided to the Pentagon or other departments as they implement the cuts ? With less than a month to go before the shutdown deadline , these questions are already dividing legislators and could derail coming shutdown talks . Democrats have so far largely resisted the notion of greater flexibility in the implementation of the cuts . On Thursday , they rejected a Senate Republican bill that would have given Obama more flexibility in deciding which programs to slice . Among other things , Democrats worry that would let the GOP off the hook while placing responsibility for the cuts clearly on the president 's shoulders . Critics in both parties consider the idea an abdication of Congress 's power of the purse . "  Flexibility is not a substitute for money , " Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Barbara Mikulski , D-Maryland , told CNN 's Ted Barrett on Friday . Flexibility "  would be like being on the Titanic . We 've hit the iceberg , and flexibility says what deck to you want to be on as you sink ? Do you want to be near the kitchen ? Do you want to be near the band ? " "  What we want is a solution with money , " Mikulski . "  Not a sham solution with the illusion of a management approach . " McConnell : No more taxes or back-room deals "  Over the coming weeks , we 'll have the opportunity to ensure funding is at the level we promised while working on solutions for making spending reductions more intelligently than the president 's across-the-board cuts , " the Senate minority leader said in a written statement Friday afternoon . "  But I want to make clear that any solutions will be done through the regular order , with input from both sides of the aisle in public debate . I will not be part of any back-room deal and I will absolutely not agree to increase taxes , " he added . Pelosi : House GOP fears "  marketplace of ideas " House Democrats "  have a proposal that would have been better " than the current cuts , Pelosi told reporters on Capitol Hill . The proposal "  has a revenue piece , " she noted , but Democrats "  have n't been able to bring it up . We 've ... tried three times in the last two months . " "  The Republicans , I do n't know what they 're afraid of , " the California Democrat said . "  This is the marketplace of ideas . Are they afraid that some of their members might vote for it ? " Federal employees brace for furloughs Several FBI employees told CNN they received letters Thursday warning of expected cuts and furloughs due to the imminent cuts . Prospective furlough notices also went out to 115,000 Justice Department employees , according to a senior official at the department . Finally , if you 're planning to visit the Capitol soon ... Prepare for longer lines . The following message went out Friday from Congress 's Office of Sergeant at Arms : The imminent spending cuts "  will require modifying points of access for members , congressional staff and guests to the U.S. Capitol Complex . "  At this time it is anticipated that the U.S. Capitol Police will be required to close some entrance doors and exterior checkpoints , and either suspend or modify the hours of operation for some of the U.S. Capitol Complex posts located inside and outside of the  Capitol Visitor Center  and office buildings . These changes will most likely take place within the next two weeks , and the congressional community will be notified in a timely manner before implementation . " CNN 's Dana Bash , Ted Barrett , Carol Cratty , Tom Cohen and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : A meeting between Obama and Hill leaders achieves nothing NEW : Obama says he ca n't do a "  Jedi mind meld " to cut deal with GOP NEW : Boehner says the House will act next week to avoid a March 27 government shutdown $ 85 billion in spending cuts will take effect starting Friday
Kobani , Syria  CNN  Kobani feels haunted by those who are still alive in it , trapped in limbo . It is a place so inhumane that the noise of coalition warplanes above is of strange comfort to those there . The destruction so near complete , the fight is more now for victory alone , not for its spoils . One salient fact stands out : They have given up on hospitals inside the city . Yes , the lightly wounded are treated by the handful of doctors who remain , but since a huge car bomb near the official border crossing with Turkey obliterated their main hospital , they send the injured straight to the border . Another hospital would just be another possible target for ISIS . In the past the Kurds battling the militant Islamists for control of the border city have claimed as many as 10,000 civilians remain inside . During our two days there we saw little to justify that large a figure . There are civilians here , but they eke out a life in the rubble , seeking food and fuel as winter looms , and likely number in the low thousands . There are civilians here who refuse to flee or can not . Turkey has closed the western crossing point through which many refugees left -- indeed many stand there now , trying to get out , looking at the Turkish soldiers to help . Those inside , however , are besieged increasingly by ISIS from all fronts . Nothing can protect them from the indiscriminate , constant shelling . ISIS forces routinely use homemade mortars : gas canisters packed with shreds of scrap metal . They rain down on the Kurdish civilian areas , where fighters also mix . U.S. options in Syria shrivel as Assad , Islamist forces make gains Yousuf , who is 12 , lists the friends who have left Kobani . He also shows us what they do to protect themselves when the blasts begin . There is no shelter , just a room in their house where their uncle told them to run . They show us the cushions they use to hide . Some line the walls , others they put on top of them . Were this a game , it would not have any rules . Ali is 60 years old and a week earlier lost one of his six daughters . She was 7 years old . He walks us to the spot where the mortar hit her . "  Three to four mortars fell near us . The first mortar we escaped from . The second mortar we escaped from . The third fell on us . " He is interrupted by the thud of another mortar landing some streets away . "  My daughter was 7 years old ; 7 years old -- and she died . God bless help us . " They could not flee ; the 150 sheep he tends are their livelihood , as is the family car they did not want to abandon . The animals stand helpless , too , near the spot where Ali 's daughter died . Ali and his family moved here when ISIS attacked their village , 15 kilometers from Kobani . Ali must live with these decisions . The day before , he sat at his daughter 's grave for a half-hour . He kisses her photograph . "  She was 7 years old . She was so beautiful . Small . People who saw her felt the need to lift her up and down in play . " The graveyard on the city 's outskirts also is a somber scene . It , too , is makeshift . Rubble -- bits of cinder block -- are used as headstones . Next to the fresh graves lies a long trench -- ready for the next wave of dead . It , too , is the scene of children playing , clambering around the trench . The conflict 's brutality may be beyond their reach , but the fight for Kobani will decide what kind of life they could be left with if they survive . READ : Inside Kobani , scenes of devastation on every side MORE : Explore panoramic view of aftermath of car bomb attack near border	Civilians under siege from ISIS eke out a life in the rubble of Kobani ISIS fires gas canisters packed with metal shards on Kurdish civilian areas Civilians use cushions to protect themselves from ISIS fire Children play in a makeshift graveyard in the devastated city
CNN  -- Many Google users probably did n't notice this month that they can now display their search tips in the Hawaiian language . Hawaiian is one of more than 125 "  interface languages " now available on Google . Wedged between Hausa and Hebrew , Hawaiian is one of more than 125 "  interface languages " now available on Google . The list also includes some humorous twists on English , including "  pirate , " "  Klingon " and "  Elmer Fudd . " But for Hawaiian educators , the addition of Hawaiian is a small step toward legitimizing a language that is considered "  critically endangered " by the United Nations . "  It 's the capstone of a lot of work , " said Keola Donaghy , an assistant professor of Hawaiian studies at the University of Hawaii-Hilo . "  We 've been doing this work for 18 years , simply trying to make it easier for people who speak Hawaiian to use these kinds of technologies . " It marks the first native American language available through the "  Google in Your Language " program . Getting started It took Donaghy several years to get the project off the ground through the "  Google in Your Language " program , which was launched by the California-based company not long after it was founded in 1998 . "  The idea was to enable users worldwide to be able to access Google in the language of their choice , and if it was n't available , to enable users to help make it so , " Google spokesman Nate Tyler said . "  Why limit users to a set of dominant languages if they were willing to help make Google their own ? " The results of the search are still in English , although the user can select a preference for Web pages written in more than 40 other main languages . Google works with linguists like Donaghy who are interested in translating search instructions into their language . "  Volunteers sign up on their own to provide translation , " Tyler explained . "  They simply sign themselves up , declare a language proficiency , and then start translating or reviewing the products that are available for volunteer translation . "  When the translations are completed , we make the product  s  available in that language . Recent other languages like this include Maori language . " It was the Maori project , launched last year , that actually helped get Donaghy 's initiative off the ground . Three years ago , Donaghy started e-mailing and calling Google about a Hawaiian language project , but he got no response . He put the project on hold until last year . "  When I heard the Maori version came out , I asked Google about it , " Donaghy said . "  Apparently the original  language  coordinator had gone and as soon as a new coordinator was brought online , they set up the system . " Donaghy began working on the massive translation project sometime late last year . "  It was whenever I could find an hour or two in between teaching or other duties , " he said . "  It was a combination of personal and work time . " He spent more than 100 hours translating the search terms that appear on the Google page into Hawaiian through the program . "  I did the actual translation from beginning to end , and then I consulted with my colleagues at the university who have worked on these projects in the past , " Donaghy said . "  I wanted to be very consistent -- such as how you say ` Go to this menu and select this ' -- or people may become confused . " What 's Hawaiian for ` browsing ' the Web ' ? Some of the Hawaiian words for terms such as "  links " or "  Web browser " had already been established when Donaghy and others worked on translating the Netscape Navigator search engine in 1997 . "  Over the years , we usually face the debate of do we want to ` Hawaiianize ' an English word , or take an old Hawaiian word and give it a new meaning , " he said . He explained some of the challenges in translating terms , such as "  browsing " or "  surfing , " into Hawaiian . "  People use the term ` surf the Internet ' and they 'll say ` he'e nalu ' which is literally surfing the ocean out on a board , " he explained . "  But we use ` kele , ' which is what you do when you 're steering a canoe . So we chose that as you 're navigating the net . " Donaghy finished the translation project in April , but there were issues with the code for the search engine that would not activate the Hawaiian language interface . The Hawaiian language interface actually launched on Apple 's Safari browser first because Donaghy had worked with Apple to ensure that the language 's diacritical marks and characters were available on the company 's computers . "  Now , it comes with every computer that they ship , " he said . See and hear phrases in Hawaiian " Some Apple computer users who had selected Hawaiian as their primary language for other programs noticed a couple of weeks ago that Google 's search terms started appearing in Hawaiian , too . "  People started calling me and asking , ` Did you hack into my computer ? My Google is in Hawaiian , ' " Donaghy said . "  And that was the point I said , ` OK , word is getting out about this ' and I put out a news release . I was afraid someone was going to start freaking out , ` Why is my computer in Hawaiian ? ' " Important milestone for Hawaii 's culture The initiative is an important milestone for Hawaiian linguists and cultural educators who have pushed to have their native language taught in schools alongside English . It was n't until the 1980s that the law banning the Hawaiian language from being taught in schools was overturned . The law was established in the late 19th century as a prerequisite to Hawaii becoming a U.S. territory . Today , more and more Hawaiians are studying and majoring in Hawaiian language programs . There are Hawaiian language immersion programs in which English is taught as a second language . Mona Wood , a Hawaiian speaker and owner of a public relations firm in Honolulu , said there has been a kind of Hawaiian language "  renaissance " in the state since the late 1970s . "  Even tourism has been learning and growing and realizing that our ` host culture ' must be added to the visitor experience , " Wood said . "  There are many more programs available at hotels and shopping malls that were n't there 20 years ago . " Wood said that when she studied Hawaiian in college , it was under the foreign languages department . "  It has been so wonderful to see so many of our youth embrace the native culture and see the programs expand to the point where there is an entire Hawaiian Studies Department , " she said . "  One can now get a B.A.  Bachelor of Arts  and M.A.  Master of Arts  in Hawaiian language . " Wood -- who owns Ikaika Communications , which represents local officials , local and national companies and celebrities including Duane "  Dog the Bounty Hunter " Chapman -- said that when she was growing up , "  Our culture was dying in every way . " "  Learning my roots came through my own curiosity -- choosing to take hula lessons when my mom wanted me to take piano , " she said . "  Then I went to the Hawaiian High School , Kamehameha , and continued with some Hawaiian classes and joined a club at UH  University of Hawaii  . "  Seeing Hawaiian knowledge becoming an asset over the years has been truly satisfying , " she said . Donaghy hopes the Google initiative is another step toward giving Hawaiian "  the same status as English and other major European and Asian languages " -- particularly in the fast-moving sector of technology . "  To me personally it 's very important that we are giving the opportunity to have as many things in Hawaiian as in English , " he said . "  So if we had not begun to address technology in the early 1990s , we would be telling people that this is a place where Hawaiian does n't belong . You have to revert to English . "  We did n't want to send that kind of message so we 've worked to make the language more accessible . "	Google search terms now available in Hawaiian Keola Donaghy spent 100 hours translating for "  Google in Your Language " program Hawaiian is considered a "  critically endangered " language by the U.N. It is the only native American language available in Google search preferences
CNN  -- The long-running conflict in the Democratic Republic of Congo has claimed hundreds of sexual violence victims in the past two months as women and girls continue to be prime targets of retaliation between rival militias along the country 's porous borders , according to aid agencies . At least 657 cases of sexual violence involving women and girls were documented in September and October during mass expulsions from Angola to Congo , according to UNICEF . UNICEF , which compiled the case information over the past two months with help from aid agencies on both sides of the border , said women , girls and possibly men were sexually victimized as about 6,621 Congolese nationals were expelled from Angola . "  Many cases of VS -LSB- sexual violence -RSB- are reported , including torture , " according to a UNICEF document obtained by CNN on Saturday . A UNICEF spokesman in Kinshasa , DRC , said there have been 35 confirmed rapes so far as victims undergo medical evaluations in makeshift shelters set up by international aid organizations . The U.N. plans to send a special mission , comprised of representatives from a variety of aid agencies , to the area next week to talk to community leaders , doctors and humanitarian organizations about the allegations , the spokesman said . The Angolan deportations of more Congolese nationals were announced in August 2001 , the report said . These mass-expulsions are making civilians more vulnerable to such attacks , the spokesman said . Relations between the DRC and Angola -- once an ally -- have been strained . More than 10,200 Congolese nationals were deported from Angola in January and February of 2010 . Several incidents of human rights abuse and sexual violence were reported associated with these expulsions as well , according to the United Nations . Warring insurgent groups , such as the Ugandan-based Lords Resistance Army  LRA  and the Hutu-backed militia known as FDLR , operating in the eastern DRC are a main source for instability in the region , the agency said . Rape has become a weapon of war in the Congolese conflict . The United Nations has named the Democratic Republic of Congo the "  rape capital of the world , " with 15,000 women raped in eastern Congo last year . The attacks occurred in parts of the country where armed rebel groups moved into areas considered to be pro-government but lacking in army or police protection , according to the U.N. Often dubbed the Great African war , analysts say the conflict in the DRC -- considered Africa 's oldest and deadliest war -- has cost the lives of nearly five million people . Nine African nations were involved in the conflict that spilled over from the 1996 Rwandan genocide . CNN 's Umaro Djau contributed to this report .	657 cases of sexual violence and 35 rapes were documented over the past two months Mass expulsion of Congolese nationals from Angola are creating vulnerable populations About 5 million people have died as a result of the Congolese conflict
CNN  -- Russian energy monopoly Gazprom on Wednesday said it would stop natural gas deliveries to Ukraine over a dispute about payments . Gazprom chief executive Alexei Miller accused Ukraine of using the issue as "  a political bargaining chip . " Gazprom chief Alexey Miller said talks with Ukraine have been "  unproductive " and accused Ukraine of using the issue as "  a political bargaining chip . " "  The talks with Ukraine have n't brought any concrete result ... Gazprom has n't received any money from Ukraine as payment for the supplies of Russian gas , " Miller said in a statement on the Gazprom Web site . The state-controlled Gazprom said supplies to its other European customers would not be affected by Ukraine 's cut-off , which the company said would take place at 10 a.m. Thursday  2 a.m. ET  . Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko also assured the European Union that there would be no disruptions in deliveries , the Kiev Post reported . Ukrainian President Viktor Yuschenko called "  for every effort to be made for the earliest possible signature of an agreement with Russia , " Yuschenko energy security commissioner , Bohdan Sokolovsky , told the Russian news agency Interfax on Wednesday evening . Watch a report on Gazprom 's threats to cut off gas supplies to Ukraine " It is the second time in three years Gazprom has threatened to cut off gas supplies to Ukraine . The company made good on its threat on January 1 , 2006 , but turned the spigots back on a day later . Russia , the world 's biggest producer of natural gas , supplies Europe with more than 40 percent of its imports -- mainly via pipelines that cross the former Soviet republic of Ukraine . Ukraine owes Gazprom about $ 2 billion for past natural gas deliveries . Ukraine 's state-controlled energy company , Naftogaz Ukrainy , initially denied it owed the payment to Gazprom , but later retreated from that claim . The Kiev Post reported Tuesday that Naftogaz said it had paid $ 1.5 billion toward the debt , but Gazprom said it had not received the payment . Also at issue is Gazprom 's contract for 2009 deliveries . Gazprom had wanted to more than double Ukraine 's payments , but on Wednesday offered a much lesser payment of $ 250 per 1,000 cubic meters of gas . Ukraine , which currently pays about $ 100 per 1,000 cubic meters , balked at that figure . "  We have heard a negative reply to the offers from the Russian side on the favorable terms of gas supply to Ukraine in 2009 , and we are getting the impression that there are political forces in Ukraine which have a strong interest in the gas standoff between our two countries , " Miller said .	Russian gas giant Gazprom says it will cut gas supply 10 a.m. Thursday  2 a.m. ET Company says Ukraine owes it about $ 2 billion for past natural gas deliveries Gazprom said supplies to other European customers wo n't be affected by action Gazprom cut supplies on January 1 , 2006 , but turned spigots back on a day later
The Frisky  -- Though rumors have been spreading for months , Rachel Bilson and Hayden Christensen only recently announced that their engagement is dunzo . The two had been planning to tie the knot since December 2008 , after meeting on the set of "  Jumper . " Bilson cites distance as one of the couple 's biggest struggles , with her in California and Hayden in Canada . Though , I think it has something to do with that disgusting rat tail Hayden had to sport in "  Star Wars . " Or perhaps she was never able to get over her love for Seth Cohen , I mean Adam Brody . These two are in good company since we found nine more stars who decided divorce rates were not in their favor and never quite made it to the altar , even after getting engaged . The Frisky : 8 totally inappropriate celebrity engagements 1 . Tara Reid must never want to be the bride because so far she has stepped out of two engagements . Her first fianc was "  TRL " host Carson Daly , but when the countdown to their wedding neared the big day , the couple became kaput . Then almost a month away from her 2010 wedding with internet entrepreneur Michael Axtmann , Tara released a statement saying the couple was through . 2 . Jennifer Love Hewitt ended a 13-month engagement to Ross McCall back in January of 2009 . I think it was officially the day she shot cupid . The Frisky : 10 super top-secret celebrity weddings 3 . Even supermodels suffer canceled weddings . Rachel Hunter 's fianc , hockey player Jarret Stoll , got cold feet just seven weeks before the wedding . It could n't have been fun for them to inform the guests . 4 . Kayne West is a marriage dropout . He ended his engagement to Alexis Phifer after a year and a half . The Frisky : Why does everyone hate Julia Roberts ? 5 . I guess Swiss financier Arpad Busson was n't the multimillionaire of Uma Thurman 's dreams after all . She broke off their yearlong engagement because she was n't "  in a rush to do anything , " she told People magazine . 6 . No one was laughing when Christina Ricci called off her wedding plans after a big fight with her comedian fianc Owen Benjamin . The Frisky : 30 things every woman should quit doing by 30 7 . Mary-Louise Parker and Jeffrey Dean Morgan never quite made it to the wedding planning phase of their engagement , but the two reportedly remained friends after they split . That 's more than her ex Billy Crudup can say . 8 . No one was really surprised when Jamie Lynn Spears broke off her shotgun engagement to baby daddy Casey Aldridge . Maybe she learned something from her big sis after all . The Frisky : 10 stars who  maybe  have secret babies 9 . Jennifer Morrison and Jesse Spencer decided it would be best for them not to play "  House " off set . They ended their engagement after appearing on the cover of InStyle Weddings . Eek . TM &  2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Tara Reid has stepped out of two engagements Kayne West ended his engagement to Alexis Phifer after a year and a half Jamie Lynn Spears broke off her shotgun engagement to baby daddy Casey Aldridge
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Long lines formed under the watchful eye of American and multinational troops as a wide-scale food distribution effort reached capacity Thursday in Port-au-Prince , Haiti . Nearly 160,000 Haitian women each collected a 25-kilogram  55 pounds  bag of rice under a distribution plan coordinated by the United Nations , several private humanitarian agencies and the Haitian government . The effort was launched Sunday but not all 16 fixed distribution points around the capital were operational until Thursday . So far , 600,000 people affected by the devastating January 12 earthquake have been able to collect food under this plan , said Marcus Prior , spokesman for the United Nations World Food Programme . "  We 're encouraged by the way the system is working to get food out into the city to those in need , but still have a long way to go , " Prior said . Only women were given food coupons beforehand and allowed to stand in line to collect for their families . "  Our long experience in food distribution tells us that by delivering food into the hands of women , it is more likely to be redistributed equitably among the household -- including the men , " Prior said . U.S. and U.N. troops have been keeping strict control over the crowds . Prior said the distribution plan has been orderly so far . The death toll from the earthquake has reached 212,000 , Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive said Thursday . More than 300,000 people were injured and more than 1 million were made homeless , he told CNN 's "  Larry King Live . "	United Nations , humanitarian agencies , Haitian government sponsor program Nearly 160,000 Haitian women each collect 25-kilogram bag of rice Thursday Only women given food coupons and allowed to stand in line Death toll at 212,000 , Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive says
CNN  The family of a Mexican national fatally shot by police in Pasco , Washington , has filed a $ 25 million claim against the city alleging that three officers killed the unarmed man "  execution style . " Antonio Zambrano-Montes , 35 , was shot by police Tuesday after he allegedly hurled rocks at vehicles and Pasco officers . The city and the police department were n't commenting on the claim , Pasco City Manager Dave Zabell said Saturday . The case is attracting attention because a video posted on YouTube shows Zambrano running across a street with police in pursuit before he was fatally shot . The shooting has sparked local protests and anger at what some say is another example of police brutality and excessive force against an unarmed man who is a minority . Zambrano-Montes ' widow , Teresa De Jesus Meraz Ruiz , 32 , and the couple 's two minor daughters accused three Pasco officers in "  the murder " of Zambrano-Montes , according to the claim filed Friday . One officer , Ryan Flanagan , "  has a prior history of official misconduct in civil rights matters , " the claim alleges . The other two officers are Adam Wright and Adrian Alaniz , the claim said . The three officers are on paid administrative leave ; Zabell said the city would n't comment on the accusations against them . Flanagan is a nine-year veteran ; Wright , a firearms instructor with eight years ' experience ; and Alaniz , an officer with two years on the job , officials said . Meanwhile , the Mexican consul in Seattle , Eduardo Baca , wrote a letter Thursday to Police Chief Robert Metzger expressing "  deep concern over the unwarranted use of lethal force against an unarmed Mexican national by police officers . " Baca asked for a thorough investigation "  in accordance with the Vienna Convention on Consular Affairs provision , to which both Mexico and the United States are parties . " Read consul 's letter On Friday , Metzger wrote a letter to Baca stating that the Pasco department and other law agencies are investigating "  the circumstances surrounding the incident . " When a Tri-City Special Investigations Unit completes its inquiry , the report will be forwarded to the Franklin County Prosecutor 's Office , Metzger wrote . Police have alleged that Zambrano-Montes was throwing rocks at cars and trucks when he was confronted by officers . Officers attempted "  voice commands and low level force , " and used a Taser , police said , but those efforts were unsuccessful . Read chief 's reply After two officers were struck with rocks -- at least one of them as large as a softball -- police said the officers resorted to deadly force . Zambrano-Montes 's family have told reporters he would n't have been able to understand the commands . "  He did n't understand English and they were talking to him in English , " one cousin said . "  Why not get a Hispanic officer ? " The incident began , according to the claim , on Tuesday about 5 p.m. when Zambrano-Montes was suspected of throwing rocks . A very brief encounter occurred between Zambrano-Montes and police , "  during which the officers may have tried to taser " him , the claim said . Zambrano-Montes separated from the officer and walked away from them in the crosswalk , the claim said . "  He had his back to the officers , " the claim said . "  At this point , the officers started shooting at Mr. Zambrano-Montes . "  After Mr. Zambrano-Montes reached the other side of the street and got on the sidewalk , he continued to walk away from the officers with his hands out where they could be seen , again showing that he had no knife , no gun or nothing else in his hands that would cause a threat to the three officers who were then lined up on the sidewalk behind ... Antonio Zambrano-Montes , " the claim alleges . "  As Mr. Zambrano-Montes turned toward the officers , all three officers fired multiple rounds , killing Antonio Zambrano-Montes on the sidewalk in front of numerous businesses , " the claim alleges . "  At the time that he was shot and killed , execution style , by the three officers named herein , in broad daylight , and with no knife or firearm in his hands , and for the conduct of throwing rocks at an earlier time , Mr. Zambrano-Montes posed no danger to the three officers , such that they were justified in the use of deadly force ... " the claim said . The claim accuses the police of assault , battery , intentional and negligent infliction of emotional distress , wrongful death and civil rights violations . The claim said the incident was the third fatal shooting by a Pasco officer "  in a very short period of time , " and accused the city of "  retaining officers who had a proven history of violation of civil rights against the Latino/Hispanic community " and "  allowing and fostering overt racial  animus  towards the Hispanic/Latino community within the Pasco Police Department . " Zambrano-Montes 's shooting death was the fourth fatal officer-involved shooting in Pasco in the past seven months , said city spokesman Jon Funfar . One of those shootings , however , involved a deputy from Benton County , although Pasco is in Franklin County , Funfar said . According to the Tri-City Herald , officers were cleared in the other three shootings . The coroner said his office would conduct a separate inquest in the Zambrano-Montes case with six community members , once the law enforcement investigation is complete . The family 's attorney , George Trejo , said supporters were scheduled to march Saturday from a park to City Hall and the police department . On Wednesday , about 100 protesters marched outside Pasco City Hall , with some chanting "  It was only a rock , " CNN affiliate KEPR reported . The shooting comes in a period of strained police-community relations following the police-involved deaths last summer of Eric Garner , 43 , on Staten Island in New York and Michael Brown , 18 , in Ferguson , Missouri . The medical examiner ruled Garner 's July 17 death a homicide due to compression of his neck and chest when he was taken down by an officer using a chokehold . His death sparked street protests , a review of police procedures and calls for a federal civil rights investigation . A grand jury declined to prosecute Officer Daniel Pantaleo in the case . A few weeks later , Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson shot Brown after an altercation in the street . The death of Brown , who was unarmed , thrust into the forefront the issue of law enforcement 's use of deadly force . A grand jury declined to prosecute Wilson , a decision that led to national demonstrations .	Widow , two daughters of Antonio Zambrano-Montes , 35 , accuse three officers of "  murder " Zambrano-Montes was unarmed and his hands "  out where they could be seen , " claim says Pasco , Washington , City Manager Dave Zabell declines to comment
Montecito , California  CNN  -- Reality TV star Kim Kardashian is officially hitched . And she wants the whole world to know . Well , make that the world wide web . A headline on Kardashian 's website announced "  We are officially married " on Saturday . Her representative confirmed to CNN that a People magazine report on her wedding is accurate . The couple , which has guarded details surrounding their wedding , has offered exclusives to E! television channel and People . E! will air wedding footage as part of a planned four-hour , two-part special in October . People nabbed the exclusive rights to the wedding photographs for an unknown amount . People.com : Wedding bells for Kim Kardashian Hours before her wedding to New Jersey Nets basketball player Kris Humphries , Kardashian gushed on her blog , saying "  I ca n't believe it 's finally here ! " The pair dated for about six months prior to their engagement in May . They tied the knot on a private estate in Montecito , California . Kardashian , star of the E! network 's "  Keeping up with the Kardashians , " is a staple in celebrity magazines and social media . She has more than 9 million followers on Twitter , among the highest celebrity number . Two of her sisters -- Khloe and Kourtney , both fellow reality television stars and partners in retail and other projects -- took to social media to echo the bride-to-be 's excitement . "  My sister 's getting married today !!! " Khloe Kardashian tweeted , later linking to a web posting dedicated to "  Kimmie . " "  Since we were little girls , you have been dreaming about your perfect , fairytale wedding , and today we all get to watch as those dreams become your perfect reality , " Khloe Kardashian wrote . "  Watching you , the ultimate believer in true love , fall head over heels for your prince charming has been so special for everyone who knows and loves you . You deserve everything wonderful in the world , and I have no doubt that you will get exactly that after you walk down the aisle tonight . " Khloe Kardashian 's nuptials with Los Angeles Lakers ' star Lamar Odom aired as a special on E! , pulling in 3.2 million viewers . CNN 's Kareen Wynter and Jack Hanna contributed to this report .	Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries got engaged in May The reality couple have their wedding in Montecito , California Kardashian is the star of the E! network 's "  Keeping up with the Kardashians "
CNN  -- Kurt Haskell 's eyes were locked on the seatback monitor in front of him when the words of a passing flight attendant caught his attention . "  She said something smells like smoke , " recalled Haskell , a passenger on Northwest Airlines Flight 253 . "  I got out of my seat and took a few steps up the aisle , and that 's when Row 19 burst into flames . " Two passengers quickly hauled the man sitting in the burning row into the first-class section . A flight attendant grabbed a fire extinguisher and put out the flames in what became the latest example of citizens taking action when counterterrorism safeguards fall short . At the time , Haskell said he did n't know if he was witnessing a terrorist attack or a freak accident . In the hours ahead , he and the other passengers learned the details of the near-tragedy . The suspect , later identified as Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , allegedly tried to bring down the airliner with explosives concealed in his underwear . Despite warnings that he allegedly was consorting with Islamist extremists and that he was listed in a database of suspicious people , the 23-year-old Nigerian was allowed to board the plane . "  We dodged a bullet but just barely , " President Obama said last week . A disaster was averted by "  brave individuals -- not because the system worked , " he said . Brave individuals also were credited for saving the 197 people on American Airlines Flight 63 in December 2001 . Passengers and crew saw Richard Reid trying to ignite a bomb in his shoe . The bomb malfunctioned , and those onboard subdued him and tied him to his seat . Three months before , on September 11 , passengers overtook hijackers on United Airlines Flight 93 , foiling an apparent attempt to crash the plane into a Washington target . The plane instead crashed in a Pennsylvania field , killing everyone aboard . In situations such as these , everyday people play "  the most vital role " in the nation 's fight against terrorism , said Bruce Hoffman , a terrorism expert at Georgetown University . "  Citizens have a role and they have a responsibility , but it 's the last and it 's the thinnest line of defense , " Hoffman said . On the front end , the counterterrorism system could n't function without help from the public , Hoffman said , pointing to the United Kingdom 's campaign against the Irish Republican Army and Israel 's against the second Intifada . Signs on subways told people to be vigilant and to report any suspicious behavior or bags left behind . In both cases , "  citizen tips were absolutely essential , " Hoffman said . While the threat of attacks on U.S. soil pales in comparison to the Britain of the late 20th century or modern-day Israel , the United States still needs its citizens to remain alert so as to thwart terrorist attempts to establish a local base . "  More than anything else , it 's an attitude that we need to have that we ca n't leave everything to the government to fix , " Hoffman said . Temple University psychologist Frank Farley said everyday heroism is empowering for the whole culture and helps combat the "  it 's not my job " mentality . "  What does it mean , everyday heroism ? It means something you can do where you are , with what you 've got , " Farley said , echoing the words of Theodore Roosevelt . However , Farley , who has studied heroism for more than four decades , cautioned that overstating the threat or scaring people could counteract the public 's willingness to act courageously . In his initial remarks after the attempted Christmas Day attack , Obama called on Americans to remain "  vigilant , but also be confident . " "  This incident , like several that have preceded it , demonstrates that an alert and courageous citizenry are far more resilient than an isolated extremist , " he said . Robert Heibel , a retired FBI agent who was the deputy chief of counterterrorism in the 1980s , said education can better equip the public as the nation combats terrorism . Homeland security officials need to tell people what to look for and what 's suspicious . "  We live in a world where our antennas need to be up , " said Heibel , who heads the Institute for Intelligence Studies at Mercyhurst College in Erie , Pennsylvania . But he added that "  we do n't want to turn America into a vigilante society . " The public needs to understand who the terrorists are and how to counter arguments made by Islamic extremists , he said . "  Terrorism is not going to go away , but I think how we view this opponent , how we view the radical Islamists , has got to change , " Heibel said . "  We have to be able to sell ourselves better than we do . We are working against ourselves in many areas . " Hoffman added that as officials work to educate the public , they face a challenging pursuit as well . "  There is a very thin line between prudence and paranoia , " he said . "  Striking that balance is enormously important . I think that 's also where our leaders and where government has a very important role to make sure we always stay on the right side of that balance . "	Passengers , crew helped subdue suspect on botched Christmas Day terror attack In such situations , citizens are the last and the thinnest line of defense , terrorism expert says "  Everyday heroism " combats mentality of leaving safety to pros , psychologist says Education can better equip the public as the nation fights terrorism , retired FBI agent says
CNN  -- A week into the Haitian disaster , the desperate and dusty faces of both survivors and rescuers tell a plaintive story : We need more , more , more . And fast . The capital 's airport , the country 's roads and its ports were devastated by last week 's 7.0-magnitude earthquake , leaving Haiti 's crumpled infrastructure the chief obstacle to fresh supplies as well as food and water . "  The significant limiting factor in terms of our ability to move forward is a reality of the infrastructure in Haiti , " U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley told reporters Tuesday . "  But to the credit of the United States military , we started the operation  at Port-au-Prince 's airport  with maybe 20 or so flights a day . They 're now up well over 100 . " The goal , he said , is to double that number . Opening a second runway would help , he said . So , too , would lighting at the airport . Search list of missing and found "  Last night , we could n't see to land the plane that was supposed to land , " said Renzo Fricke , the chief of Haiti operations for the aid organization Doctors Without Borders . "  The night before we were supposed to receive two planes that could n't land . The night before it was the same . That 's our fourth plane that 's not able to land . " Fricke told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour Tuesday that although the organization was "  facing huge problems " in receiving supplies , the work went on . "  This morning we had to buy a saw in the market , in the city ... for our surgeons to do amputations , " he said . "  We had to buy a saw because our materials -- the medical equipment is not coming as it should arrive . " Fricke said that some equipment and other materials are coming into Haiti by road from the Dominican Republic , a route that Crowley cited as one of several that are slowly being opened to channel aid . The airport , the ports , U.S. Navy ships with helicopters and a U.S. Marine unit are all important to getting vital supplies into the country , Crowley said . High-resolution images of damage Maj. Gen. Dan Allyn , the U.S. commander of the Haiti task force , told reporters that Haiti should see some "  initial operating capacity " at its ports by the end of the week -- including the capability of bringing in fuel needed to take trucks into more remote areas . Additionally , he said that officials were looking into the possibility of opening an airstrip at the city of Jacmel "  to relieve some of the immediate pressure on Port-au-Prince airfield . " Cassandra Nelson , spokeswoman for Mercy Corps , which has a long-standing program in Haiti , said that aid is clearly increasing daily , but much more needs to be done . "  Operations here have been an incredible challenge , and Mercy Corps has done emergency response for years and years and is very seasoned , " she said . " -LSB- But -RSB- we have to say this is probably one of the hardest ones we 've had . "  We are working out of an office . Right now our office is overflowing . It 's a place where we all sleep , we all eat granola bars , and we all do our work there . " Full coverage | Twitter updates A more-than-welcome sight arrives off Haiti Wednesday morning : the U.S. Naval Ship Comfort , a state-of-the-art hospital ship that saw duty during the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005 in New Orleans and the 2001 terror attacks in New York , among others . The ship , which can house up to 1,000 patients , brings with it more than 1,000 medical and support personnel . But on the ground , caregivers struggle to provide the kind of care their patients need . Dr. Robert Fuller of the International Medical Corps , a group of volunteer medical personnel , said that his group is hoping to have intensive-care units in "  a handful of days . " "  Things are coming together , but it is certainly not the way it is back home , " he said . "  Right now we have seven operating rooms up and running on the campus . We could really use 20 probably . At times we run so low on medications that it gets difficult to know whether we will continue to operate . " Dr. Mark Hyman from Partners in Health , which also has a long-standing program in Haiti , said the military effort to get Haiti running again is working , but the need is simply unimaginable . "  Look , there 's hundreds of thousands of patients that are injured , " he said . "  There 's hundreds of thousands of others that have been killed probably , that we have n't even accounted for , and there 's 150 nurses buried a few feet from here in the rubble of the nursing building . " And even those military personnel on the ground were spread widely . Brig. Gen. Floriano Peixoto , force commander of the Brazilian troops who make up the U.N. command in Haiti , said his soldiers were there to do whatever is needed . "  We understand that the country deserves more in terms of humanitarian aid and security , but our forces are dedicated to different fronts , including aid , security , search or bodies , recovery of missing people , " he said . "  It 's a large amount of tasks to be done . "	Capital 's airport , country 's roads and ports were devastated by last week 's earthquake Haiti 's crumpled infrastructure chief obstacle to fresh supplies as well as food and water Some equipment and other materials coming into Haiti by road from Dominican Republic Officials looking into the possibility of opening an airstrip at Haitian city of Jacmel
CNN  -- Seven Egyptian soldiers who were kidnapped six days ago in the Sinai Peninsula have been freed , the spokesman for Egypt 's armed forces said Wednesday . The men are now en route to the capital , Cairo , Ahmed Mohammed Ali said on his official Facebook page . Their release is a result of "  the efforts made by the Egyptian military intelligence services with the cooperation of the tribal sheikhs and the noble people of Sinai , " he said . After the news , Egyptian authorities reopened the Rafah border crossing into Gaza in both directions , Egypt 's state-run news agency Egy News reported . The crossing was closed for five days by Egyptian security forces to protest the kidnapping of their fellow soldiers , the official Jordanian news agency Petra said . Hamas leader Ismail Haniya congratulated Egypt on the release of the soldiers , calling it a "  major achievement by the Egyptian military and a reassurance of the Egyptian sovereignty in Sinai , " Egy News reported . Gaza has been controlled by Hamas , a militant Islamic group that does not recognize Israel , since 2006 . Some in the Egyptian armed forces reportedly suspect it of supporting radical Islamists in the Sinai Peninsula . Hamas on Sunday rejected allegations that it played a role in the kidnapping of the soldiers . "  The only beneficiary of the problematic developments at the Rafah crossing in the southern Gaza Strip is the Zionist occupation , " said Hamas spokesman Salah Bardawil , according to the Hamas website . It 's not yet clear who kidnapped the seven soldiers or how their release was secured . Radical Islamist militant activity has been on the rise in the Sinai . The official Egypt State Information Service reported Tuesday that a military operation was planned to secure the soldiers ' release but it cited presidential spokesman Omar Amer as saying only that all options were open . Amer said Monday that Egypt would deal "  decisively " with the kidnapping situation , the news agency reported . The government wanted to ensure the safe release of the soldiers and was determined that the same scenario should not occur again , Amer was quoted as saying . The Egyptian army sent dozens of armored vehicles and personnel carriers across the Suez Canal into North Sinai early Monday , the news agency said .	NEW : The Rafah crossing between Egypt and Gaza has reopened , state media say The seven soldiers were kidnapped last Thursday in the Sinai Peninsula They are now free and heading back to the capital , Cairo , a military spokesman says Military intelligence services and Sinai residents cooperated to secure their release , he says
Mumbai  CNN  -- Just a few weeks ago , a young boy tied to a bus stop in Mumbai barely received a glance from passersby oblivious to his plight . Deaf and mute , nine-year-old Lakhan was regularly tied to a pole by his elderly grandmother for fear he would run into traffic on a nearby road while she was away at work . Now , grandmother and grandson are living in a home for deaf and mute children , the patch of pavement where they both lived swapped for a roof above their heads . After reading about Lakhan on CNN in June , people wrote , tweeted , messaged , called and emailed from around the world . Many wrote to express their concern . Some wrote to ask how they could help . Others sent funds to help rehabilitate Lakhan . One person started a Facebook page to raise awareness about his plight . The response was overwhelming . "  I was under the impression -- ` who cares for such stories ? ' " said Meena Mutha , a social worker with the Manav Foundation . She 'd been trying to find Lakhan a more suitable home since placing him in a government-run shelter for juveniles in June . It was better than the street but not suitable for a boy with cerebral palsy who needed dedicated care . Mutha took on Lakhan 's case in late May when a constable called her after seeing the boy 's photo in a local newspaper . Lakhan was tied to a pole with rags and his elderly grandmother , Sakubai , was obviously struggling to take care of him as well as herself . "  He is deaf so he would not be able to hear traffic coming . If he ran onto the road , he 'd get killed , " Sakubai told CNN in June . "  See , it 's a long rope , " she said , holding out a piece of frayed cloth . There were many similar pieces of cloth tied to different poles . A life of struggle Sakubai told CNN Lakhan 's father had passed away four years ago . His mother deserted them and his older sister ran away . She had done the best she could , selling trinkets on a nearby beach to earn a meager wage to feed them . There was no money for shelter so she stretched out a piece of cloth on the ground behind the bus stop where they both would sleep . Mutha struggled to find Lakhan a suitable home . Mumbai only has one government-run center for children with special needs and there was no room left for him . Her exasperation turned to hope when a father and son team , Alok and Parth Polke , stepped in with an offer to take in Lakhan for free . They also offered his grandmother a job in their hostel , in Satara , a scenic hill town not far from Mumbai . "  Lakhan 's a special case , " said Alok Polke , who runs Samata Shikshan Prasarak Mandal  SSPM  , a non-governmental organization that caters to deaf and mute children . "  His father died , his mother and sister abandoned him . He 's left alone . What happens after his grandmother ? " Hostel offers new hope CNN accompanied Lakhan , his grandmother and Mutha to Satara . He 's the first mentally-challenged student to live in the SSPM hostel , which until now has only been for children who ca n't hear or speak . Polke said there were "  thousands of Lakhans in India " who desperately need a roof over their heads . He said there are some homes for children who are deaf and dumb because they are comparatively easier to look after . However , children who are mentally-challenged need dedicated help : more staff , attention outside of school hours , funding , and infrastructure . "  That 's lacking everywhere in India , " Polke said . Lakhan appeared to settle in quickly into his new surroundings . Within an hour of reaching the hostel , he was running around in the yard , playing with the other children , each one a child of special needs , each one quickly engaged in a game of tag . They are some of the more fortunate ones . Lack of care in India According to the last census conducted in 2011 , around 26.8 million people are in living with disabilities in India . That 's 2.2 % of the population of more than 1.2 billion . Other bodies , including the World Bank , say the figure is much higher . Many of them are children whose needs are n't being met by government shelters . Even the government admits the lack of facilities for disabled children in India is a serious problem . "  There should be lots more institutions for these kinds of children , " said Vijaya Murthy , a member of the government-run Child Welfare Committee in the state of Maharashtra . When asked why the state had not established more institutions , she said the responsibility did not lie with the government alone . "  Society and government should come forward and have some rehabilitation plans for special needs children , " she said . She was unable to provide details of any specific plans the government has to rehabilitate thousands of other children like Lakhan in India , many of whom remain invisible and ignored . For more information on how to directly help Lakhan , and people like him , go to manavfoundation.org.in .	CNN met Lakhan Kale on the pavement in Mumbai where he lived with his grandmother She had tied him to a pole to stop the deaf and mute boy from running into traffic People emailed and phoned asking how they could help him Lakhan was taken in by SSPM , a non-governmental organization
Do you have tons of Facebook friends and often update your status ? If so , you may be a narcissist , a new study suggests . Research from Western Illinois University showed a link between the number of Facebook friends you have and how active you are on the site to the likelihood of being a "  socially disruptive " narcissist . The study -- which was recently published in the journal Personality and Individual Differences -- was conducted among 300 participants , who took a Narcissistic Personality Inventory questionnaire . Those with more Facebook friends , who tagged themselves in photos and updated their status throughout the day were more likely to have narcissistic traits . "  People who have a heightened need to feel good about themselves will often turn to Facebook as a way to do so , " study author Chris Carpenter from Western Illinois University told Mashable . "  Facebook gives those with narcissistic tendencies the opportunity to exploit the site to get the feedback they need and become the center of attention . " See also : Survey says facebook feeds narcissism  study Carpenter said that Facebook users that self-promote themselves on the site show signs of two narcissistic behaviors . The first is called grandiose exhibition  GE  , which refers to people who love to be the center of attention . The second is a category that involves entitlement/explotiveness  EE  , which indicates how far people will go to get the respect and attention they think they deserve . "  There is n't a baseline of how many friends a person has or how often they update their status that would qualify as them to have these narcissistic characteristics , " Carpenter said . "  However , it 's interesting to note how often these people use first-person pronouns such as ` I ' and ` me ' on the site . " This is n't the first time a study has been conducted about Facebook narcissists . In 2010 , a study published from York University highlighted the differences between how men and women self-promoted themselves on Facebook . Men tended to promote themselves in the "  About Me " description , while women used pictures that "  include -LSB- d -RSB- revealing , flashy and adorned photos of their physical appearance . " Do you think narcissism can be linked to how people use Facebook ? Let us know in the comments . See the original article on Mashable	Those with narcissistic tendencies exploit Facebook to get feedback they need , study finds Users that self-promote themselves on the site show signs of narcissistic behaviors Men tend to promote themselves in the "  About Me " description , while women use pictures
Crimeans voted to break off from Ukraine and join Russia . Their vote represents the re-establishment of a historic cultural relationship . But take away the emotional side of the Crimean referendum and reality hits home -- the economic challenges that are yet to knock on their door . The peninsula only produces one-tenth of the energy it consumes . Ninety percent of its water , 80 % of its electricity , and roughly 65 % of its gas come from the rest of Ukraine . And while Russia has enough energy to supply power to Crimea , it 's lacking the infrastructure -- there are not even any underwater cables though the Strait of Kerch , which separates Russia and Crimea . Crimean authorities set out their plan to nationalize the oil and gas company Chernomorneftegaz , but according to Lilit Gevorgyan , Senior Economist at IHS , that may not be enough to "  solve fully their energy problems and ... become independent of Ukraine . " And the costs do n't end there . Crimea depends heavily on the Ukrainian mainland to balance its books . Around 70 % of Crimea 's $ 1.2 billion budget comes directly from Kiev . Annexation of Crimea would be costly for Russia too because Crimea will need similar support , if not more , from Moscow . And while Russia 's economy is stable , it is not growing . Moscow recently announced it will invest between $ 5 billion and $ 6 billion in Crimea , according to Helena Yakovlev Golani at the University of Toronto . The costs begin to add up -- and that 's not including the challenges of integrating the banking system and currency and validating land titles . For the Crimeans , the most noticeable change could be the lack of tourists this season , with many expecting visitors to cancel tours because of the crisis . This will be damaging for Crimea , according to Ukraine 's Tourism Board , given that Crimea attracted 6 million tourists last year . Seventy percent of holiday makers in the region are domestic visitors from mainland Ukraine . The crisis has been portrayed as a geopolitical struggle between Russia and the West , but it will also affect ordinary people ; they still need to eat , pay bills and dress their children . Some in Crimea have portrayed the situation as an economic crisis , but actions on the ground suggest this is less about the economy and more about Russia 's desire to project power in a strategically important region . Map : Why the EU and U.S. are out of step on Russia sanctions Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor .	Crimea is entirely integrated into Ukraine 's mainland economy and infrastructure The peninsula only produces one-tenth of the energy it consumes If the region becomes part of Russia , Moscow will have to invest heavily in the region
CNN  -- Oklahoma native Blake Shelton is the first entertainer to announce a benefit for tornado victims in his home state . After Tuesday night 's taping of "  The Voice , " the country music superstar told CNN , "  We are actually putting together a fund-raiser right now with NBC . We 'll have more details within the next 24 hours , but definitely something with NBC that is going to happen real fast , and hopefully raise a lot of money . " The revelation came after he and his wife , Miranda Lambert , sang an especially poignant rendition of their hit "  Over You , " which the couple wrote as a tribute to Shelton 's brother , who died when Shelton was a teenager . " ` Over You ' was just the perfect song to fit , and maybe help some people heal and mourn and all those things , " Shelton said . Shelton revealed he had a personal connection to the community with the most devastation . "  Monday  was a tough day for any Oklahoman , " he said . "  And you know , Miranda and I are both residents of Oklahoma . I was born and raised in Oklahoma there and Miranda lives there now . It was tough to land here in LA and look at  media coverage  on the phone and go , ` Oh my gosh , we just left there . ' " Celebs who are OK natives speak out on the tornado tragedy The country singer said he has family very near some of the hardest hit areas . "  I spent three Christmases at my sister 's house in Moore , Oklahoma , and some of those helicopter views of the destruction , you could see her house a quarter of a mile away from there , " Shelton said . "  My nieces and nephews would have gone to that school  Plaza Towers Elementary  , and when you start putting it in that sort of perspective , and then thinking , ` Oh my God , I am so glad that they recently moved away from that area . ' And then you go , ` What about all those people that did n't ? ' It 's hard to put into words , honestly . " Shelton 's fellow coach on "  The Voice , " singer Usher , said he hopes to be part of the benefit . "  I have family in Oklahoma City , " he said . "  My little sister , Ashira -- her family is OK . Unfortunately , that is something that you ca n't -- all you can do is put your best efforts forward , just let those who have been a part of this tragic reality , this natural disaster , know that we are thinking about them and care about them . I think that is 100 percent the effort . "	Blake Shelton is from Oklahoma and has a home there The singer and "  The Voice " coach says he is working on a benefit His fellow coach , Usher , also has a personal connection to the area
Gwar lead singer Dave Brockie died Sunday , his manager said Monday . Brockie was 50 . "  His body was found Sunday by his band mate at his home in Richmond , Virginia , " Gwar manager Jack Flanagan said in a statement on the group 's website . An autopsy will be done to determine why he died , Flanagan said . His heavy metal band formed in 1984 , billing itself as "  Earth 's only openly extra-terrestrial rock band . " Brockie performed as Gwar 's frontman under the persona of "  Oderus Urungus . " The band was based on a mythology of an "  elite group of chaos warriors " who "  ravaged the galaxy " until they were "  banished to the most insignificant planet in the universe ... the seething mud ball known as Earth . " "  My main focus right now is to look after my band mates and his family , " Flanagan said . "  More information regarding his death shall be released as the details are confirmed . " People we 've lost in 2014	A band mate found Brockie dead at his Richmond , Virginia , home Sunday Gwar billed itself as "  Earth 's only openly extra-terrestrial rock band " An autopsy will be done to determine why Brockie died , Gwar 's manager says
CNN  -- The task of replacing seven-time MotoGP world champion Valentino Rossi at Ducati has been handed to his fellow Italian Andrea Dovizioso . Legendary rider Rossi will return to former team Yamaha Factory Racing on a two-year deal at the start of the 2013 season , a move which will see him reunited with fellow title winner and rival Jorge Lorenzo . Dovizioso , currently riding for the Monster Yamaha Tech 3 satellite outfit , is fourth in the standings after 11 rounds of the 2012 season , 46 points ahead of Rossi . The 26-year-old will spend his sixth season in the elite division of motorbike racing at the Italian team , alongside American 2006 champion Nicky Hayden . "  It is with great pleasure that I welcome Andrea , as we marshal our best efforts in confronting the MotoGP World Championship , " Ducati president Gabriele Del Torchio said of the 26-year-old on MotoGP 's official website . "  Along with Nicky Hayden , with whom we have renewed a working agreement , we are confident that we will be able to proceed with our development program , to compete , and to obtain the results and rewards that will repay our efforts and the faith that our partners , sponsors and fans have never failed to demonstrate . " Dovizioso finished the 2011 championship in third position and will hope for better results at Ducati than Rossi achieved -- the 33-year-old has recorded just two podium finishes in 28 races . Ducati will be without Hayden for this weekend 's Czech Grand Prix after he picked up a hand injury during a qualifying crash at the last race in Indianapolis , meaning Rossi will be the team 's sole rider at Brno . Reigning world champion Casey Stoner , third in the 2012 riders ' standings , will not race this weekend after a crash in the U.S. left the Australian with a fractured bone in his right ankle and torn ligaments . Despite picking up the injuries in qualifying ahead of the race , Stoner was still able to compete in the grand prix and register a fourth-place finish . Stoner will now fly from the Czech Republic to his homeland after doctors recommended he undergo surgery . "  It was always feeling like it was going to be this decision anyway , " explained Stoner , who will retire at the end of the season . "  I was recommended by everyone not to race on Sunday in Indianapolis , so I did n't expect the situation to be better here . "  It 's definitely disappointing ; it 's not what we wanted , especially in my last season ... In the later part of the season you never know what could have happened , but we 'll keep pushing . "  I do n't regret it -LSB- racing at Indianapolis -RSB- . I 've never really followed people 's orders with things like that in the past . But now , if another accident was to happen it would be huge damage . It 's just frustrating to thing what we could have done without this injury . "	Andrea Dovizioso will replace the legendary Valentino Rossi at Ducati in 2013 Seven-time champion Rossi will rejoin Yamaha at the end of this season Rossi 's teammate Nicky Hayden will miss the Czech Grand Prix with a hand injury Reigning world champion Casey Stoner out of the race with a fractured ankle
CNN  -- A passenger ferry ran aground Tuesday near Battery Island , North Carolina , injuring more than a dozen people , the U.S. Coast Guard and the ferry line said . Fifty-three passengers and three crew members were on board , CNN affiliate WWAY reported . One passenger was flown to a hospital , and 12 others were taken to regional hospitals . A spokesman for Dosher Memorial Hospital in Southport , not far from Wilmington , said 12 of the victims were transported there and seven other injured passengers walked in to the emergency room . No one was classified as being in serious condition , Kirk Singer told CNN . All are expected to be OK , CNN affiliate WECT reported , citing the Coast Guard . The 64-foot Adventure Ferry came to the sudden stop at about 9 a.m. , which threw people around , leading some to crash into tables , a passenger told WWAY . It was heading from Southport to Bald Head Island at the time . The Coast Guard and other agencies responded to the scene . The ferry transport was suspended until the Coast Guard determines the passageway is safe , said Joyce Fulton of Bald Head Island Limited , parent company of Bald Head Island Transportation , which operates the ferry . As to why the ferry ran aground , she said , "  We 're still in the fact-gathering mode . " CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : Hospital says no one is in serious condition The ferry came to a sudden stop , a passenger says The Coast Guard is looking into whether the passageway is safe It 's unclear why the ship ran aground
CNN  -- We now live in an age when glamorous , hey-look-at-me belters so dominate the pop-music firmament that you can barely tell who 's doing the shouting . So it may be hard for some to remember -- or imagine -- what it was like to behold Whitney Houston for the first time . Not even your first taste of snow , your first meaningful kiss , your first encounter with one of the seven natural wonders quite aligns with the experience -- unless as some rough combination of all three . As many who grieved over Houston 's shocking death yesterday at 48 will tell you , this first encounter would have taken place somewhere in the middle of the "  Morning in America " years . Indeed , she seemed destined for greatness even before she released her first eponymous album for Clive Davis ' Arista Records in 1985 . The word was out years before that Houston had the presence , the pedigree and -- goodness knows -- the pipes to be something unprecedented , remarkable , even historic . Daughter of the great soul-and-gospel vocalist Cissy Houston , cousin to both Dionne and Dee Dee Warwick and goddaughter to Aretha Franklin , Houston 's family background seemed a magically appropriate fusion of both the grit and the glamour of late-20th-century African-American pop music . You could n't find a more auspicious template for great expectations . And for a while , she fulfilled those prospects -- and then some . Remember the insouciant swagger she showed in both the video and the recording of "  How Will I Know ? " The effortless push-pull command of romantic lyrics she exhibited in "  Saving All My Love For You " ? The skyscraping , come-to-meeting intensity she brought to "  The Greatest Love of All " ? They were all on "  Whitney Houston , " the debut album that answered just about every question we could have about her before we could calm down enough to come up with any questions at all . Here was a singer blessed with both her godmother 's hair-raising vocal agility and Diana Ross ' physical magnetism . Being demure can make you alluring and enigmatic . Having powerful sounds at your command can make you frightening and fascinating . Put them together and you had a pop phenomenon capable of breaching all manner of audience boundaries whether of race , age or geographic origin . At her peak she had enough confidence to win both the rockers and the disco crowd with the white-lightning rave , "  I Wan na Dance With Somebody  Who Loves Me  . " She covered Dolly Parton 's "  I Will Always Love You " with such overpowering force that she all but assumed ownership of the song . There seemed nothing she could n't do , even acquit herself more than decently as a movie actress in "  The Bodyguard "  1992  , "  Waiting to Exhale "  1995  and "  The Preacher 's Wife "  1997  . When someone can do anything , it 's not unusual for others to wonder if she 's doing too much -- or trying too hard . Those of us who were mesmerized by her prodigious breakthroughs wondered how long she could keep it up , especially under the glare of multimedia celebrityhood . Some of us might have preferred that she take a hiatus , a brief withdrawal from the spotlight to protect her voice and , especially , her psyche from gossip , glitz and , yes , controlled substances . But when people demand that you deliver a knockout "  Star-Spangled Banner " at a Super Bowl while a war 's going on , when your life literally becomes a lowbrow real-life sitcom  only without the laughs  and when there are hundreds , thousands and millions of little-girls-with-big-voices who look to you as a role model , there 's not a whole lot of elbow room to turn the dial to "  slow " and contemplate ways of adjusting your art and your life to time 's insistent demands . We do n't yet know the circumstances surrounding Houston 's death . And we are n't going to dwell on whatever personal trials accumulated over the years and their cumulative effects . There 's plenty of time for that -- and a lot of dreary tell-all books to come . We 'd rather not think about it . We have a simpler need : To remember when there was literally no one else like Whitney Houston in this world -- and how much poorer the world would have been without her . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Gene Seymour : The first time you saw Whitney Houston , she made an impression He says Houston had magnetic presence and a voice of greatness Her appeal cut across all boundaries of race , age , geography , he says
CNN  -- An al Qaeda-produced video posted on a website in early July opens with uplifting images of smiling Syrian children and jovial old men listening to speeches delivered by al Qaeda militants . The video seems startlingly out of place on a website usually devoted to serious young men learning to fire machine guns , bloodshed and graphic images of civilian casualties purportedly caused by U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan . Instead , the video , featured on a site aligned with al Qaeda , shows a Jordanian member of al Qaeda 's affiliate in Syria insisting that his group 's poor image is just a myth propagated by Western media . He says : "  The international channels try to twist the picture and portray the mujahedeen as bloodthirsty , as distanced from the people -- that they reject the people and do n't love them . " As the Jordanian militant speaks , young Syrian boys crowd around him . Al Qaeda-affiliated fighters have set up "  Advocacy Tents " in Syria 's largest city , Aleppo , where the jihadists can "  educate the people on our point of view . " In another apparent attempt to soften its image , al Qaeda members in Syria held something akin to a town fair . Another al Qaeda video produced in Syria surfaced online in July , this one showing an al Qaeda-organized ice cream-eating contest in Aleppo . Around the same time , an Arabic-language news outlet , Aleppo News , published a video of a tug-of-war between members of the two al Qaeda-affiliated rebel groups fighting in Syria . In the video , crowds of young boys and older men cheer on the members of al Qaeda . Al Qaeda and its regional franchises understand they need to try to win the "  heart and minds " of the local population ; something they have generally failed to do in the past and something that the leaders of these groups have come to understand is a major problem . In documents recovered in Osama bin Laden 's compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , bin Laden and his top advisers privately criticized the brutal tactics of al Qaeda in Iraq , which had provoked a tribal uprising known as "  the Sunni Awakening " that almost destroyed al Qaeda 's Iraqi affiliate in 2006 and 2007 . Now , al Qaeda in Iraq and in neighboring Syria are experiencing a revival , a revival at least somewhat fueled by al Qaeda learning from some of the mistakes it made during the previous decade in Iraq . This is significant because al Qaeda 's Syrian affiliate , al Nusra , is widely considered to be the most effective rebel force fighting the Assad regime , and the group pledged allegiance to the leader of al Qaeda , Ayman al-Zawahiri , in April . But videos of al Qaeda militants playing tug-of-war or joking with members of the local community are hardly signs of moderation . Al Qaeda 's Syrian branch releases lengthy and passionate sermons dedicated to denouncing Shi'a Muslims as apostates who should be killed . And although some al Qaeda fighters in Syria might be engaging the public with ice cream , games and conversation , their colleagues in neighboring Iraq continue to launch bloody attacks on civilians . On Monday , at least 50 people were killed in 15 separate car bomb attacks in Baghdad . Many of those bombings are believed be the work of al Qaeda 's Iraqi affiliate . In all likelihood , al Qaeda and its allied groups are doing too little , too late , in their quest to win the public 's hearts and minds . The group 's senior leaders recognized the dangers of killing too many Muslim civilians as far back as 2005 , when Zawahiri reprimanded the founder of al Qaeda in Iraq , Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , for alienating the Iraqi people with indiscriminate violence . And the majority of Muslims around the world reject violence in the name of Islam , particularly in the form of suicide bombings . This is unsurprising , given that al Qaeda 's violence has primarily claimed Muslim lives . It will take a lot more than ice cream socials to undo that damage .	Writers : Al Qaeda posting feel-good videos , holding ice cream eating contests , tugs of war They say al Qaeda and affiliates want to win "  hearts and minds , " but the groups have failed Writers : Al Qaeda fighters in Syria try sugar and spice tack , but in Iraq they kill civilians New image will not win over people appalled by murder in the name of Islam , they say
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Signs of oil and gas have been found by a Chinese rig that was drilling off a disputed island chain in the South China Seas , according to Chinese state media . The drilling area does have the basic conditions and potential for oil exploration , Wang Zhen , deputy director of CNPC Policy Research Office , told Xinhua . The drilling operation , known as the Zhongjiannan Project , was completed on July 15 , according to the China National Petroleum Corporation  CNPC  . The state-owned energy company will further analyze the collected geological data before announcing their next steps . When China dispatched the oil rig on May 2 to begin drilling near the Paracel Islands in the South China Seas , the move kicked off a series of confrontations between Chinese and Vietnamese vessels in the area . Both nations claim ownership over the chain China refers to as the Xisha islands . Rioting Clashes at sea sparked violent anti-Chinese riots on land . Thousands of Chinese nationals had to be evacuated from Vietnam in mid-May as the demonstrations turned deadly . In the face of Vietnam 's ferocious protests , Beijing has stood its ground on its claim over the Paracels . China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson Hong Lei emphasized this on Wednesday . "  The Xisha Islands are integral parts of China . The operation by the Chinese company is located in indisputable coastal waters of the Xisha  Paracel  Islands , which falls well within China 's sovereignty , " said Hong . Xinhua also reported that 13 Vietnamese fishermen previously arrested by the Chinese coastguard were deported on Tuesday . The fishermen were accused of operating illegally in Chinese waters off the coast of Hainan Province . Vietnam continues to reject China 's claims to the Paracels , calling recent drilling activities "  illegal " and in violation of international law . According to CNOOC , a third of China 's oil and gas resources are under the South China Sea , most of which it claims as its own , refuting rival claims from Vietnam , the Philippines , Taiwan , Malaysia , and Brunei .	China completed a drilling operation near the Paracel Islands between May 2 and July 15 The area has potential for oil exploration and is contested by China and Vietnam China recently deported 13 Vietnamese who were arrested for fishing in Chinese waters
CNN  -- On Tuesday , I was free . On Wednesday , I became a criminal . Tuesday , we mourned the loss of President Nelson Mandela -- a leader whose presidency saw the first constitutional prohibition on anti-gay discrimination . On Wednesday , the India Supreme Court denied my freedom as a gay man , upholding a nearly 153-year-old colonial law that could result in my own imprisonment . Tuesday , on Human Rights Day , the story of my gay friend fleeing India because his family threatened to kill him went viral . Today , India 's highest court has wiped away four years of progress following the Delhi High Court ruling that set me free . Religious groups -- have been fighting to overturn the high court ruling for three years , and have succeeded . I was 19 when I was set free . And I remember the feeling of hope as I heard the news -- not just that my country was on a new path , but that my life was . I sat down with my family and came out to them . So many of my friends did the same , all across the country . When I heard the news Wednesday , I wondered about all those people who are living with the burden of hiding , with the fear of harassment and violence . I wondered about those who had come out of the closet over the last four years , and if they , like me , heard in the Supreme Court ruling a clear message to go back in . I will not , much to my mother 's distress . I called her upon hearing the news . She was n't always by my side -- she has a journey of her own over the last four years . But last year she marched in the Gay Pride parade with me . Today , she 's worried about her son . "  I told you , " she said , "  it 's not that easy . " But I refuse to retreat . With this ruling , according to ILGA , India becomes the 77th country worldwide that views lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people as criminals . Just this week , the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. , Samantha Power , spoke out strongly against these laws , saying "  To criticize the criminalization of LGBT status is not cultural imperialism . To deny gays and lesbians the right to live freely and to threaten them with discrimination and even death is not a form of moral or religious Puritanism . It 's in fact barbarism . " As I write this , I sit in the Human Rights Campaign offices in Washington , D.C. , as a fellow with the Global Engagement Program . Upon accepting this fellowship , I knew I would be working to shine a spotlight on this barbarism . But I never imagined my own homeland would take center stage . We all had hope . Now , our opponents do . On Twitter , the American Family Association 's Bryan Fischer is cheering the ruling , saying the U.S. Supreme Court should follow India 's example . Back in my home country , where the only chance of reversing this decision lies with the Parliament , the conservatives who give passes to anti-LGBT "  honor " killings are downright giddy . But their enthusiasm will only make my voice louder . In President Barack Obama 's eulogy at the funeral of Mandela , he said that , "  he tells us what is possible not just in the pages of history books , but in our own lives as well . Mandela showed us the power of action ; of taking risks on behalf of our ideals . " While India 's Supreme Court justices took my freedom , they can not take my hope . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tushar Malik .	Tushar Malik : India 's high court just made being gay illegal , upholding old colonial law Supreme Court reversed a lower court ruling four years ago to legalize homosexuality Malik remembers being hopeful when being gay was made legal ; many came out of closet He says , "  while India 's Supreme Court justices took my freedom , they can not take my hope "
CNN  -- Jessa Balote is 14-years-old and training to be a professional ballerina in Manila . It is a task that takes enormous amounts of dedication for even the most determined of young women , but Balote 's challenge is nothing compared to life outside the dance studio where she has to support her entire family . "  I 'm the only one they expect to bring the family out of poverty , " she says . Balote is one of 54 students enrolled in "  Project Ballet Futures , " a program run by Ballet Manila to provide free ballet training to children from some of the city 's most deprived neighborhoods . Balote lives in Tondo , a slum built next to a major waste dump in Manila . Her parents make what little money they have by selling trash . If Balote was not involved in the dance program , she says she would n't be able to eat everyday . "  They want to earn money to be able to survive , " says Lisa Macuja-Elizalde , founder of the program and the Philippines ' first prima ballerina . She believes in her students , personally paying for their lessons and uniforms . Macuja-Elizalde 's goal is to help these children become professional members of the company with incomes to match . They are among her most focused students , she says , not afraid to work hard and to push themselves and their bodies . The Philippines Community Fund , which runs a school for children in Tondo , provides the transport , chaperones and an extra meal for a number of the children . Jame Walker , founder of the Philippines Community Fund , describes just how daunting the obstacles are for dancers like Balote . "  They do n't get a good night 's sleep in a comfortable bed , " she says . "  Every night they sleep on bare boards . Sometimes the rats nimble the hard skin on their feet . " Walker says the biggest challenge the students face is a mental one . They lack confidence and many believe they are not worthy of a different life . Balote is one of the success stories . She is now a company scholar and an official member of Ballet Manila , receiving a regular paycheck . She joined the company for a recent performance of "  Swan Lake " , a ballet she loves , she says , because it is a love story . It is unclear how many more children will be able follow in her footsteps . The Philippines Community Fund is having trouble financing the program and cut the provision of chaperones this year . Without help , Walker says , it may not be able to continue , a reality she 'd rather not have to face . "  We have built up  the students '  hopes and dreams for years now ... for me it 's unbearable to think about , " she says .	Program run by Ballet Manila gives opportunities to children from slums Students are given chance to join the company , full-time Many students have to support families that live in most deprived areas
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- When security guards arrived at the home of Oscar Pistorius on the night his girlfriend died , the first thing the track star told them was that everything was fine . That 's what Pieter Baba , a security guard supervisor , testified Friday in Pistorius ' murder trial . The athlete said everything was fine , but he was crying , Baba said , and he knew everything was not fine . Baba and the other guards then witnessed Pistorius descending from the upstairs carrying Reeva Steenkamp to the lower level . "  I was so shocked , I could n't think for a few moments , " Baba testified . Pistorius pleaded not guilty Monday to one charge of murder and a firearms charge associated with Steenkamp 's killing on Valentine 's Day 2013 as well as two gun indictments unrelated to her death . Pistorius , 27 , nicknamed "  Blade Runner , " has admitted killing his 29-year-old girlfriend , but says it was a tragic error after he mistook her for an intruder . Of the witnesses called so far , Baba was the earliest to arrive on the scene . He revealed new details and seemed anxious . The trial was adjourned until Monday when the defense will continue cross-examination . The defense said it would show that Pistorius called security that night . Another witness who testified Friday , former Pistorius girlfriend Samantha Taylor , said their relationship ended when he cheated on her with Steenkamp . Taylor also testified that Pistorius slept with a pistol on his bedside table or on the floor beside his prosthetic legs and once became so angry after a traffic stop that he shot a gun through the sunroof of a car . Taylor said she met Pistorius in 2010 , when she was 17 , and they started dating the following year . She said they broke up twice , the second time on November 4 , 2012 , after he took Steenkamp to a sports banquet . Defense attorney Barry Roux asked if Taylor admitted in two e-mails to cheating on Pistorius . Taylor says she 's never admitted to cheating on him but admits she had a relationship with another man after they broke up the first time . Roux also asked Taylor for details about the time he supposedly shot the gun out of a car sunroof , but Taylor could not remember the name of the highway or the location in South Africa . Taylor testified that Pistorius was angry and irritated after the traffic stop , even though he was not driving . She said he joked around about firing a shot and then laughed after he fired . Prosecutor Gerrie Nel asked Taylor if she was ever at Pistorius ' house and he thought there was an intruder . Taylor said yes . Taylor said Pistorius once heard something hit the bathroom window and woke her up to ask if she 'd heard it , too . Taylor said Pistorius woke her up other times when he thought he 'd heard a noise . Live blog : Latest developments in Pistorius trial Doctor back on the stand Friday was the fifth day of the Pistorius murder trial , with the defense trying to chip away at testimony of a neighbor who rushed to the track star 's home the night he shot Steenkamp . Roux pointed out that Johan Stipp , a doctor who lived near Pistorius and the first to arrive at the scene , made two statements to police and both times said he heard "  two or three shots . " "  You could not be sure of the number of noises you heard , " Roux said . "  It would be fair to say that , " Stipp said on his second day of testimony . Roux also asked Stipp about screams he heard . Stipp said Thursday the man 's screaming came from "  much more to the left " of the initial screams . On Friday , Stipp said the screams came "  slightly from the left . " Pistorius broke down in court Thursday as Stipp said he went to Pistorius ' residence after hearing the shots . He said he saw Steenkamp lying on the floor , her brain tissue mixed with blood and Pistorius praying for her to live . "  I remember the first thing he said when I got there was , ' I shot her , I thought she was a burglar and I shot her , ' " Stipp told the court in Pretoria . And although Stipp is a prosecution witness , his testimony may bolster the defense case , CNN legal analyst Kelly Phelps said after Thursday 's dramatic testimony . Prosecutors appear to have been trying to demonstrate that Pistorius and Steenkamp had a loud argument before the shooting , suggesting it 's the reason he killed her . But the defense is proposing that what neighbors thought was Steenkamp screaming in fear for her life was in fact Pistorius when he realized what he had done . Pistorius and at least two neighbors made phone calls to security after the shooting , allowing the defense to use phone records to establish a timeline of events . Stipp 's version of events appears to coincide with the defense case , said Phelps , who teaches law at the University of Cape Town . Attorney : Steenkamp could not have screamed Stipp on Thursday described the grisly scenes when he tried to save the athlete 's girlfriend after the fatal shooting . He said he had arrived and found Steenkamp 's body lying at the bottom of the stairs . Pistorius was bent over her body with his left hand over her right groin and two fingers of his right hand in her mouth as he tried to clear her airway . Stipp tried to assist and said he found no signs of a pulse in her neck , no peripheral pulse and no breathing movements . As the doctor described the details of her injuries to the court , Pistorius broke down with his head in his hands . He was also seen convulsing but then recovered and wiped his face and nose with a handkerchief . Stipp , who said he had trained in the army with assault rifles and 9 mm pistols -- the type of pistol that killed Steenkamp -- said he had been surprised to hear no ambulance had been called when he arrived . He left after one arrived . The doctor was later cross-examined by defense attorney Roux , who said Steenkamp could not have been the one screaming at the time Stipp heard the cries of a woman out of her mind with fear . Roux had consulted three specialists and the autopsy and asked Stipp : "  That person after the shots would not have been able to scream . That person would be nonresponsive ; does that make sense to you as a medical doctor ? " "  It does , " Stipp replied . The prosecution interjected , saying Steenkamp could have screamed after the first shot . Earlier in the week , Nel , the prosecutor , reading a report from an expert , told the court that of the four bullets fired toward Steenkamp "  the fourth bullet hit her in the head . She then died . " Pistorius sat impassively during the exchange between Roux and Stipp . He leaned forward , his head down in his hand , as his attorney asked Stipp if the athlete had wanted Steenkamp to live . "  He definitely wanted her to live , yes , " Stipp replied . "  He looked sincere to me . He was crying ; there were tears on his face . " After the court later adjourned , Pistorius was in tears as his sister consoled him . She wrapped an arm around his shoulders and held him close while the room emptied out Thursday . Trial may last three weeks The defense only has to show that there is reasonable doubt Pistorius intentionally killed Steenkamp . Judge Thokozile Matilda Masipa will decide whether Pistorius is innocent or guilty . South Africa does not have jury trials . Earlier in the week , lawyers briefly detoured into another of the four charges Pistorius faces , related to the discharge of a gun he was holding in a crowded restaurant in Johannesburg about a month before the killing . The trial is expected to take at least three weeks . In South Africa , premeditated murder carries a mandatory life sentence , with a minimum of 25 years . Pistorius also could get five years for each gun indictment and 15 years for the firearms charge . If he is n't convicted of premeditated murder , the sprinter could face a lesser charge of culpable homicide , a crime based on negligence , and could be looking at up to 15 years on that charge , experts said . Pistorius is not claiming self-defense ; he is claiming to have been mistaken about his need for self-defense . He is denying he intentionally , unlawfully killed Steenkamp . He has never denied killing her . Pistorius and Steenkamp were a young , attractive , high-profile couple popular in South Africa 's social circles . Pistorius , whose "  Blade Runner " nickname reflects the special prostheses he uses while running , won six Paralympic gold medals and became the first double-amputee runner to compete in the Olympics , in London in 2012 . Cover girl Steenkamp , who was soon to star in a TV reality show , was on the cusp of becoming a celebrity in her own right at the time of her death . CNN 's Nic Robertson and Robyn Curnow in Pretoria and Emily Smith in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : Oscar Pistorius told security guards everything was fine , guard supervisor testifies Ex-girlfriend says Pistorius always slept with a gun near his bed Pistorius admits he killed his girlfriend but says it was an accident
CNN  -- Real Madrid have leapfrogged Manchester United as the most valuable sports team in the world , according to a list released by Forbes on Monday . The nine-time European champions have risen to the top of the list , overtaking English Premier League team Manchester United , with the U.S. business magazine valuing Real at $ 3.3 billion . Los Blancos ' revenue of $ 650 million is the highest in sport , while the Spanish team 's income of $ 134 million is second only to that of National Football League  NFL  franchise the Dallas Cowboys . Real 's coffers have swelled thanks , in part , to a kit deal with German sports brand Adidas , worth $ 42 million per year , and a $ 39 million five-year sponsorship agreement with airline Emirates . English champions United sit second on the list , with an estimated value of $ 3.17 billion . The Old Trafford team , owned by the American Glazer family , announced a seven-season shirt sponsorship agreement with Chevrolet in 2012 worth $ 559 million . Real 's archrivals Barcelona complete a top three dominated by football teams . The Spanish title winners are valued at $ 2.6 billion . United 's EPL rivals Arsenal are the only other soccer club to feature in the top 10 , with the north London team sitting 10th on the list with an estimated value of $ 1.33 billion . The remaining six spaces in the top 10 are taken by U.S. sports franchises . Major League Baseball 's New York Yankees are fourth on the list , valued at $ 2.3 billion , while NFL teams the Cowboys and the New England Patriots are fifth and sixth worth $ 2.1 billion and $ 1.64 billion respectively . The average worth of the teams inside Forbes ' top 50 has risen to $ 1.24 billion , an increase of 16 % from 2012 . American football is the best represented sport on the list , with 30 of the NFL 's 32 franchise included in the top 50 . Baseball and soccer both have seven teams on the list , while the NBA contributes three franchises . Formula One team Ferrari , at 21 , are the highest-ranked motorsport manufacturer .	Forbes name Real Madrid the most valuable sports team in the world The Spanish team has overtaken English club Manchester United United sit second on the list , with Real 's rivals Barcelona third New York Yankees fourth on the list , Dallas Cowboys fifth
CNN  -- A municipal police captain was fatally shot while driving to work on Thursday in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , becoming the 49th municipal police officer killed since October 2010 , authorities told CNN . An average of five local police officers have been killed per month in Juarez during that period , municipal police spokesman Adrian Sanchez said . Cmdr. Mario Martin Favela Portillo , 25 , was shot by unknown gunmen traveling in a truck . The shooting happened about 2:30 p.m. in southwest Juarez , Sanchez said . The commander was in uniform . Suspected drug lords reveal secrets on camera "  As in all the cases of murder , the police force is very frustrated and hurt . Favela was 25 years old and was registered in the local police when he was 20 , " Sanchez said . Juarez is considered a flash point in Mexico 's nearly five-year war on organized crime . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	A police captain in Ciudad Juarez is fatally shot while driving to work An average of five officers has been killed monthly since October 2010 , police say Juarez considered flash point in Mexico 's nearly five-year war on organized crime
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- Investigators believe the suspected gunman in last week 's massacre at Fort Hood acted alone , but his communications had been flagged by U.S. intelligence agencies in late 2008 , the FBI said Monday . The suspect , Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , remained in intensive care at Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio , Texas . In a statement issued Monday night , the FBI said its investigation so far "  indicates that the alleged gunman acted alone and was not part of a broader terrorist plot . " Thursday 's shooting left 13 dead , 12 of them U.S. soldiers , and 42 wounded . Read more about the victims Hasan , a U.S.-born citizen of Palestinian descent , was a licensed psychiatrist who joined the Army in 1997 . He was promoted to major in May and was scheduled to deploy to Afghanistan sometime soon , but had been telling his family since 2001 that he wanted to get out of the military . A Muslim , he had told his family he had been taunted after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . In August , he reported to police that his car was keyed and a bumper sticker that read "  Allah is Love " was torn off . A neighbor was charged with criminal mischief after that complaint . But the FBI disclosed that Hasan came to its attention as part of an unrelated terrorism probe in December 2008 , when agents reviewed "  certain communications between Maj. Hasan and the subject of that investigation . " The intercepts "  raised no red flags , " with no mention of threats or violence that would have triggered a U.S. terrorism investigation , senior investigative officials said Monday . Hasan , 39 , was wounded several times during the attack . Though still in intensive care , his ventilator was removed over the weekend , and he began talking afterwards , hospital spokesman Dewey Mitchell said . Federal agents attempted to interview Hasan on Sunday , but he refused to cooperate and asked for an attorney , the investigative officials said . U.S. military officials said intelligence agencies intercepted communications between Hasan and Anwar al-Awlaki , a former imam at the Dar Al-Hijrah Islamic Center in Falls Church , Virginia , a Washington suburb . Al-Awlaki , who left the United States in 2002 and is believed to be living in Yemen , was the subject of several federal investigations dating back to the late 1990s , but was never charged . Military officials told CNN on Monday that intelligence agencies intercepted communications from Hasan to al-Awlaki and shared them with other U.S. government agencies . But federal authorities dropped the inquiry into Hasan 's communications after deciding that the messages warranted no further action , one of the officials said . According to the FBI , investigators from one of its Joint Terrorism Task Forces determined "  that the content of those communications was consistent with research being conducted by Maj. Hasan in his position as a psychiatrist at the Walter Reed Medical Center -LSB- in Washington -RSB- . " Hasan was first an intern , then a resident and finally a fellow at Walter Reed before moving to Fort Hood . "  Because the content of the communications was explainable by his research and nothing else derogatory was found , the JTTF concluded that Maj. Hasan was not involved in terrorist activities or terrorist planning , " it said . FBI Director Robert Mueller has ordered a review of the matter , the FBI said . The independent commission that investigated the 9/11 attacks found al-Awlaki was a "  spiritual adviser " to two of the hijackers in that plot , Nawaf al-Hazmi and Khalid al-Midhar , while al-Awlaki was at the Virginia mosque and earlier , in San Diego . The commission report said it was not clear whether the imam knew al-Hazmi and al-Midhar were involved in the hijacking plot , but security experts have described him as a radical Islamic fundamentalist who was "  very supportive of terrorists in the past , " former White House homeland security adviser Frances Townsend told CNN . An online post attributed to al-Awlaki praised Hasan as a hero for the Fort Hood attack , saying he "  could not bear living the contradiction of being a Muslim and serving in an army that is fighting against his own people . " But the Dar Al-Hijrah mosque denounced al-Awlaki 's remarks , and its current imam said he was stunned to hear Hasan was the suspect in the rampage . "  The quiet , very peaceful person coming in and out of the mosque , I could n't believe he could have done this , " Sheikh Shaker Elsayed told CNN . Three senior investigative officials , who insisted they not be identified by name because of the sensitive nature of the ongoing federal investigation , told reporters in Washington that Hasan was never nominated to be on a watch list . He was able to purchase weapons legally and had done nothing to justify even a preliminary investigation , they said . In addition , Hasan had a security clearance at the "  secret " level and received good performance reviews , they said . Nonetheless , they continued to examine his communications with the cleric in Yemen for several months as a precaution . Authorities have not identified a motive in Thursday 's attack . But at Fort Hood the post commander told reporters he has ordered his officers to "  immediately take a hard look and make sure if there 's anybody out there struggling . " "  Hasan was a soldier and we have other soldiers ... that might have some of the same stress and indicators that he has , " Lt. Gen. Robert Cone said . "  We have to look across our entire formation , not just in a medical community but really look hard to our right and left . That 's the responsibility for everybody from the top to the bottom to make sure we 're taking care of our own . " Army officials have voiced concern about jumping to any conclusions about Hasan 's motive , warning about a possible backlash against Muslim soldiers . But several witnesses , like Pvt. Robert Foster , who was wounded in the hip during the attack , reported Hasan shouted "  Allahu Akbar " -- Arabic for "  God is great " -- which Islamic terrorists have used as a battle cry . "  I was sitting in about the second row back when the assailant stood up and yelled ` Allah Akbar ' in Arabic and he opened fire , " Foster , 21 , said Monday on CNN 's "  American Morning . " The Army leadership at Fort Hood will "  take a very hard look at ourselves and look at anything that might have been done to have prevented this , " Cone said Monday . "  I think what we 're looking for are sort of people with overwhelming personal problems and patterns of behavior that are not at all related to religion , " Cone said . No charges have been filed against Hasan . The investigative officials who briefed reporters said he was likely to be charged in the military court system . President Obama will speak at Tuesday 's memorial service for the shooting victims at Fort Hood , and will meet with victims ' families , his spokesman said . "  The president will meet with families of those that lost a loved one last week , as well as speak to the larger memorial that will take place at the base , " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said in his daily briefing Monday . First lady Michelle Obama will accompany the president on the trip , Gibbs said . Defense Secretary Robert Gates will also participate in the memorial service , but he will not speak , Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said . CNN 's Brian Todd , Pam Benson , Mike Mount and David Mattingly contributed to this report .	NEW : FBI : Probe so far shows Fort Hood attack was n't part of a broader terrorist plot Investigators check link between suspect , ex-cleric at Virginia mosque Online post attributed to cleric praised Hasan as a hero for the Fort Hood attack Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan awake , says spokesman at hospital where he 's being treated
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A 28-year-old California man pleaded no contest Thursday to stalking actress Halle Berry , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office said . Richard Anthony Franco of Commerce was sentenced to 386 days in county jail , but received credit Thursday for 193 days already served and wo n't do any more time , prosecutors said . Franco was also sentenced to five years ' probation and ordered to undergo a year of psychological counseling , the prosecutor 's office said . Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Dennis Landin also imposed a 10-year criminal protective order , prosecutors said . As part of a plea deal , one count of first-degree residential burglary was dismissed at sentencing , prosecutors said . Franco pleaded no contest to one count of stalking . In July , Franco allegedly showed up several times at Berry 's Hollywood Hills home . He was arrested after she reported a possible burglar , according to police . At the time , off-duty officers hired by Berry called police and said they were holding a burglary suspect at her home . A resident there identified him as the same man who had climbed over a locked security gate into the property several times over a few days , police said . Both times , he had claimed he was "  there to see somebody , " but left after a Berry employee ordered him out , police said .	Richard Anthony Franco is sentenced to time already served One count of residential burglary is dismissed in a plea deal He must undergo a year of psychological counseling Franco allegedly climbed over a locked security gate to her Hollywood Hills home
A couple of years ago , I asked civil rights leader and former ambassador to the U.N. Andrew Young to tell me something about Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. that most people did not know . Young thought for a moment about the more personal side of his mentor and confidant . He said that King liked eating catfish , was quite a jokester and enjoyed laughing with friends . Among other things , King was an avid basketball player and a crafty passer with a great sense of the court . He could drive and shoot with both hands because he was ambidextrous . Young 's depiction of his mentor as a joking hoopster reminded me of an important factor we often overlook when considering King 's civil rights legacy : he was very young when he changed the world . Most people in their 20s struggle with dreams , doubts and career choices . In King 's mid-20s , he was pastoring a church , co-founding the Southern Christian Leadership Conference , leading the Montgomery Bus Boycott and receiving countless death threats . By his 30s , King was leading the monumental March on Washington and winning the Nobel Peace Prize . Clearly , King 's youth was more of a catalyst than liability . In his cult classic book , "  Outliers , " Malcolm Gladwell discussed how birth dates and timing were as crucial factors as talent and tenacity in forging the successful careers of athletes , business tycoons , technology innovators and other leaders . For example , Gladwell argued that had Bill Gates been born just 10 years earlier , there would have been no Microsoft . Through a Gladwellian perspective , then , if King had been born 10 years earlier , there might not have been a Montgomery bus boycott . An older King might have been far too entrenched in black Baptist denominational politics or invested in clerical careerism to put everything on the line and lead a risky fringe boycott . His kids would have been older , his practical needs would have been greater and perhaps his judgments would have been more conservative , resembling the numerous middle-aged black Baptist preachers who had opposed activist strategies in favor of a less confrontational approach toward gradual reform in the civil rights movement . Similarly , young King 's moral and spiritual discourse was the product of a malleable mind fresh out of graduate school , not the kind of predictable theorizing you would expect to see in an older preacher 's cultural toolkit . Young King synthesized Henry Thoreau 's treatise on civil disobedience , Howard Thurman 's theological philosophy , Mahatma Gandhi 's Satyagraha and the Old Testament 's views of justice to form a personal vision and tactic that awakened the moral consciousness of the nation . It 's fortunate for us that King was not a middle-aged pastor when the moment in history demanded transformational leadership . He was just a young , fearless and somewhat naive pastor in Montgomery , Alabama . We can presume that the civil rights movement shaped King as much as he shaped the movement . With youth and inexperience on his side , young King had the improvisational space to carve out a movement philosophy and strategy that has been replicated many times over where people challenge oppressive governments . As we commemorate the birthday of our seminal civil rights leader , we should take some time out to remember that the same King who changed the course of history started out like you and me . He liked playing basketball and joking with friends . He was young and had fire in his heart . King 's legacy should inspire our youth to step up and exert the visionary leadership that will help guide us through our era of change and uncertainties . Tenured scholars , contentious politicians and fat-cat business executives are too cynical , comfortable and conservative to do anything . It 's up to our wide-eyed students . And they should remember that youth is not an impediment ; rather , it 's the seed that can bring forth a better future . Just look at the young King . Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter	Martin Luther King Jr. was young when he changed the world Lee : Had King been born 10 years earlier , there might not have been a bus boycott He says that youth was a catalyst for King 's leadership Lee : Our youth should look to the civil rights leader for inspiration
Boston  CNN  -- After seven weeks of colorful witnesses and rancorous testimony , the jury began deliberations Tuesday in the trial of alleged crime boss James "  Whitey " Bulger . Eight men and four women on the federal court panel have the monumental task of processing testimony from drug traffickers , extortion victims , gangsters , families of alleged victims and shooting victims , along with more than six hours of closing arguments . Bulger is accused of 19 killings and 13 counts of extortion and money laundering during a 20-year "  reign of terror " that defined South Boston from the early '70s through 1995 , when Bulger fled Boston . Jurors deliberated for six hours Tuesday before court was suspended for the day shortly after 4:30 p.m. ET . Deliberations are scheduled to resume Wednesday at 9 a.m. Jurors will have to decide if the government has proven its case and if Bulger is guilty of the alleged crimes "  beyond a reasonable doubt . " "  You must decide which evidence to believe and which witnesses are true . You can believe some , or all , or none , " U.S. District Court Judge Denise Casper told the jurors Tuesday , adding a cautionary instruction for government witnesses who have entered into plea deals for immunity and lesser sentences . Casper advised that jurors weigh the potential that these witnesses "  may have a motive to make up stories . " Simultaneously , jurors are advised not to draw inferences from a witness 's guilty plea . Plea deals for gangsters In their closing arguments Monday , defense attorneys attacked the credibility of gangsters who became star witnesses for the prosecution , testifying under immunity after they learned Bulger was an informant for the FBI for nearly two decades . Prosecuting attorney Fred Wyshak on Monday defended the government 's unsavory plea deals with those gangsters , three of whom implicated Bulger in the 19 murders and various acts of extortion . "  The government did n't choose them , Bulger chose them , " Wyshak said . "  The only thing worse than making a deal with  former hit man  John Martorano would have been not making a deal with John Martorano . " Wyshak said the government "  held its nose and made the deal . " Prosecutors called 63 witnesses during the course of the trial , with the defense bringing only 10 to the stand . Martorano testified for both sides , making a total of 72 witnesses over 35 days . As he presented his closing argument Monday , Wyshak called Bulger one of the most "  vicious , violent and calculating criminals to ever walk the streets of Boston . " The prosecution took close to three and a half hours for its closing . The defense took over two and a half hours to make its case , then the prosecution had the final word in a rebuttal . Defense attorney J.W. Carney summed up his case by questioning the credibility of prosecution witnesses , some of whom came to court with extensive criminal resumes and who had worked out deals with the government in exchange for testifying against Bulger . "  If you can not say in your deliberation that I personally can believe  prosecution witnesses  beyond a reasonable doubt , then the government can not prove its case about the alleged murders , " Carney told the jury . "  The government is buying the testimony of these witnesses . The currency used here  is  how much freedom someone is going to get . What the government can pay the individual is the individual 's freedom , " Carney continued . Earlier , Wyshak said Bulger and his partner "  plotted , they schemed , they robbed they murdered together , they were also informants together . " Prosecutors contend Bulger was an FBI informant who used protection from rogue agents as he continued his life of crime . Defense attorneys have argued Bulger was not an informant , and that FBI bungling was key in the case . "  If there is one thing you heard during this trial , it 's how secretive that relationship is , " Wyshak said to the jury Monday . "  The last thing a criminal wants ... is for people to know he 's an informant . " But he also said that it "  does n't matter whether or not Bulger is an FBI informant when he put the gun to the head of Arthur Barrett and pulled the trigger . " Arthur "  Bucky " Barrett died after being shot in the head in 1983 . "  It 's not about whether or not the FBI in Boston was a mess , " he said . " ... It 's about whether or not the defendant is guilty of crimes charged in the indictment . " Families of the victims were in court every day of the trial . The wife of one of the victims shouted "  You 're a coward ! " The defense rested its case Friday with no rebuttal from the government . In its weeklong presentation , Bulger 's lawyers tried to cast doubt on who killed two of the 19 victims , both of them women . The defense also attempted to shift the blame onto the FBI , specifically agents who either did nothing or did too little to prevent several killings . Defense attorneys tried to convince the jury that Bulger was not an FBI informant , a notion prosecutors called "  ludicrous " in light of his FBI informant card and a 700-page file loaded with "  tips " on rival gang members . In closing arguments , defense attorney Hank Brennan told jurors why he thinks the government has made Bulger 's informant status the crux of its case . "  Think about why it 's so important . If it 's not an issue , why do they keep bringing it up ? " Brennan asked . Brennan explained that other than to "  embarrass " his client , the government using its claim that Bulger was an informant to cover up years of corruption . "  If he 's not an informant , think of the liability , " he said , recounting instance after instance in which government officials as high as strike-force attorneys in the Justice Department protected Bulger throughout his criminal career . A number of retired FBI agents and supervisors took the stand during the trial , many testifying that they believed Bulger should have been shut down as an informant because he was n't providing any useful information . The agents said they never pressed the issue because apparently FBI headquarters felt Bulger was useful in taking down the New England Mafia . Grisly murders It took prosecutors 90 minutes to detail the 19 murders Bulger is accused of , showing photos of each of the victims and the crime scenes . Bulger is not charged with delivering the fatal blow in all of the murders , but is charged with participating as part of a racketeering conspiracy . Wyshak called Bulger "  the leader of a very wide-ranging , broad organization , " who is culpable for his co-conspirator 's crimes . But Wyshak made clear Bulger was the alleged triggerman in some cases , recalling testimony from Bulger 's partner , Steve "  The Rifleman " Flemmi , about the murder of John McIntyre , whose remains were exhumed from a shallow makeshift grave in 2000 . McIntyre had begun cooperating with the government on the shipment of weapons to the Irish Republican Army and 36 tons of marijuana imported into Boston Harbor . "  It 's Arthur Barrett all over again , held at gunpoint , chained to the kitchen chair , interrogated , " Wyshak said . Flemmi said he was holding McIntyre 's body while Bulger was trying to strangle him with a rope , but the rope was too thick . After that did n't work , McIntyre practically begged for a bullet after Bulger asked him if he would "  like one in the head , " according to Flemmi . Flemmi testified as one of the government 's star witnesses , and he said that he saw Bulger strangle the two women . The defense team , however , presented evidence that Flemmi had the greater motive to kill the women -- his girlfriend and his stepdaughter . Bulger 's attorneys release photos designed to show his softer side The girlfriend , Debra Davis , was about to leave him for another man . The defense recalled Martorano , who testified that Flemmi admitted he "  accidentally strangled " the 26-year-old woman . Flemmi acknowledged he lured Davis to a home but says Bulger strangled her because she was talking too much and had become a liability . Wyshak recalled testimony that Bulger always needed to take a nap after strangling or shooting his victims to death . In talking about the murder of Paul McGonagle , Wyshak said Bulger 's former cohorts testified that whenever they passed the Neponset River , where McGonagle 's remains were exhumed in 2000 , Bulger said , " ` Drink up , Paulie . ' That 's the level of humanity that this defendant is operating at . ... And every time he goes by there it 's ` Drink up , Paulie . ' " Victim 's mother warned FBI about an impending murder ` Bulger : I did n't get a fair trial ' Bulger was a fugitive for more than 16 years , after a crooked FBI agent told him in December 1994 he was about to be indicted on federal racketeering charges . The FBI tracked him down and arrested him 2011 in Santa Monica , California , where he had been living with his girlfriend under an alias . Bulger never took the stand , despite repeated hints from his lawyers throughout trial he would testify . In fact , Bulger seemed to want to testify , and when questioned about it by the judge , Bulger called his decision a "  choice made involuntarily . " He claimed he had been given immunity for his crimes by the former head of New England 's Organized-Crime Strike Force , Jeremiah O'Sullivan , now deceased . Bulger , who lost his temper several times during the trial , appeared angry , shaking his finger at the judge and claiming he was "  choked off from making an adequate defense . " "  I did n't get a fair trial . This is a sham . Do what ya 's want with me , " Bulger said . Man arrested in death of alleged Bulger extortion victim	NEW : Deliberations will continue Wednesday in the trial of James "  Whitey " Bulger Defense : "  All our government cared about -- get the mafia at all costs " Prosecution : "  It 's not about whether or not the FBI in Boston was a mess " Bulger is accused of 19 killings during a 20-year "  reign of terror "
CNN  -- Last night 's shooting rampage at a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , was a nightmare . Authorities have already arrested a suspect . Four weapons were recovered in the shooting scene , including a shotgun and two handguns . Twelve people have been killed , with many more injured . According to law enforcement officials , the weapons were purchased legally by the suspect in the last six months . The shooting was senseless . And it makes us think once again about how we can address the horrific problem of gun violence in America . The first task is conceptual -- can we figure out what will work ? The second task is political -- can plausible solutions be implemented legislatively ? Opinion : Gun control wo n't stop mass murder The conceptual problem is immensely difficult , especially in a society that is already as gun-saturated as America is today . The political problem borders on the impossible . Gun policy in this country is made by the National Rifle Association , and no serious effort at gun control can currently get past its veto . Even when legislation passed during the Clinton years in the form of the Brady bill , requiring background checks at the time of gun purchases , or the assault weapons ban , the NRA succeeded in injecting gaping loopholes into the laws . Who needs to go through a background check at Walmart when you can get your gun without one at the local gun show or from some shady figure on a street corner ? The assault weapon ban only prohibited the manufacture of new guns  it grandfathered in a huge cache of pre-existing weapons  and gun manufacturers easily redesigned their guns to circumvent the ban . The NRA then trumpets how "  gun control " does n't work . But it can . Commenters debate guns , ` what if ' Consider what happened in Australia after a crazed gunman killed 35 people in Port Arthur , Tasmania , in 1996 . The Australian federal government persuaded all states and territories to implement tough new gun control laws . Under the National Firearms Agreement  NFA  , firearms legislation was tightened throughout the country . National registration of guns was imposed and it became illegal to hold certain long guns that might be used in mass shootings . The gun ban was backed up by a mandatory buy-back program that substantially reduced gun possession in Australia . iReporter : ` AK-47 a weapon for war ' The effect was that both gun suicides and homicides  as well as total suicides and homicides  fell . Importantly , while there were 13 mass shootings in Australia during the period of 1979 -- 96 , there have been none in the sixteen years since . In 1996 , then-Prime Minister John Howard stated that the "  whole scheme is designed to reduce the number of guns in the community and make Australia a safer place to live . " The Australian attorney general praised the cooperation and responsibility of Australian firearms owners with the gun controls and buy-back , saying , "  they have been paid cash for their firearms - giving our nation a welcome Christmas gift by removing unnecessary high-powered firearms from the community . It offers all of us the real chance of a safer festive season and New Year . " Opinion : Can we feel safe in a crowd anymore ? Of course , the Australian gun control law in 1997 enjoyed an extremely high level of public support and was not hampered by any domestic gun industry  since Australia did not have any  . Such would not be the case in the United States where pro-gun political views and NRA power create a very different climate . In the wake of another tragic massacre of innocent lives , we should look carefully at the Australian experience to see if the American public will ever rise up as one against gun violence . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John J. Donohue .	A gunman went on a shooting rampage in a movie theater in Colorado John J. Donohue : Our gun policy is made by the NRA Look to Australia in formulating an effective gun control policy , he says Donohue : The question is , will our country ever unify against gun violence
CNN  -- Pete Seeger , the man considered to be one of the pioneers of contemporary folk music who inspired legions of activist singer-songwriters , died Monday . He was 94 . Seeger 's best known songs include "  Where Have All the Flowers Gone , " "  Turn ! Turn ! Turn !  To Everything There Is a Season  " and "  If I Had a Hammer  The Hammer Song  . " But his influence extended far beyond individual hits . His grandson Kitama Cahill Jackson told CNN that the singer died of natural causes at New York Presbyterian Hospital on Monday evening . Familiar with controversy In a career spanning more than 70 years , Seeger frequently courted controversy . "  He lived at a time when so many things had n't been done yet , the idea of making music about something had n't really been done , " Jackson said . "  And now people do it all the time . " Seeger 's opinions did n't always sit well with authorities . "  From the start , he aspired to use folk music to promote his left-wing political views , and in times of national turmoil that brought him into direct confrontation with the U.S. government , corporate interests , and people who did not share his beliefs , " William Ruhlmann wrote in a biography on allmusic.com . "  These conflicts shaped his career . " Early career In 2009 , Seeger talked to CNN about the beginnings of his music career in the late 1930s . "  I come from a family of teachers , and I was looking for a job on a newspaper and not getting one , " he said in the interview . "  I had an aunt who said , ` Peter , I can get five dollars for you if you come and sing some of your songs in my class . ' Five dollars ? In 1939 , you would have to work all day or two days to make five dollars . It seemed like stealing . " But Seeger said he took his aunt up on the offer . "  Pretty soon I was playing school after school , and I never did work on a newspaper , " he said "  You do n't have to play at nightclubs , you do n't have to play on TV , just go from college to college to college , and the kids will sing along with you . " Last days Jackson , Seeger 's grandson , said the singer-songwriter had heart surgery in December to replace a valve , which had gone well and had nothing to do with his death . He said Seeger was in the hospital for six days before his death . He could n't speak for the last three days , Jackson said , but his mind never went away and he continued to recognize people . "  He was a second father to me , he was a friend , he was a best friend , " Jackson said . "  He was just this wonderful , genuine person . " People we 've lost in 2014 CNN 's Julie Cannold contributed to this report .	Pete Seeger dies of natural causes in a New York hospital , his family says His career spanned more than 70 years , often courting controversy He is known for songs like "  Where Have All the Flowers Gone "
Beijing  CNN  -- When it comes to Russia 's annexation of Crimea and possible further expansion in eastern Ukraine , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel is taking the long view . "  This is n't a matter of one or two days or one or two weeks , " Hagel told CNN 's Jim Sciutto in an interview Wednesday during a visit to China . "  When Russia has taken the action it has to violate the integrity and sovereignty of a nation , there will be long-term consequences . " Now , he said , "  those long-term consequences are playing out . " Long-term consequences News headlines chronicle continued political instability in the region , with pro-Russian separatists occupying government buildings in eastern Ukraine while Russian troops are gathered across the border . The unrest follows a similar scenario in the Crimean Peninsula , where pro-Russian forces seized effective military control earlier this year and a hasty referendum chose independence from Ukraine , followed by Crimea 's annexation by Russia . Hagel rejected any finality to the Crimea annexation , saying the United States and most of the world did n't accept it . The United Nations overwhelmingly condemned the move , he noted , and the United States and its European allies imposed new economic sanctions with more pending if the situation worsens . "  Russia has done great damage to its standing in the world , " Hagel said , adding that the sanctions will hurt . "  There may be more consequences so I do n't agree that they have gotten away with this , " he said . "  Yes , they are still in Crimea . Yes , they still have troops on the border , but these are long-term dynamics that need to play out . " Russia isolated Russia has "  really isolated itself in a global community that Russia needs , " Hagel argued , adding that "  we all need to be part of a global community for our own economic interests as well as security and stability . " The United States and others have accused Russia of fomenting the separatist unrest in eastern Ukraine as a pretext for military intervention . Hagel said the United States and NATO remained "  vigilant " about the Russian troop buildup along the Ukraine border , adding that "  we are always looking at the options that we need to take . " So far , the Western allies have boosted the number of jet fighters patrolling the region and suspended all military cooperation with Russia . Hagel said that Gen. Philip Breedlove , NATO 's supreme allied commander in Europe , has been asked to come up with "  new and additional measures and options . " Secretary of State John Kerry warned Tuesday of increased sanctions targeting Russia 's banking , energy , mining and arms sectors if the Russians "  cross over " into eastern Ukraine . Current sanctions target individuals over the Crimean annexation . Fort Hood shootings On another issue in the news , Hagel told CNN that the latest shootings at Fort Hood in Texas would be thoroughly investigated to find any problems , but he did n't think it reflected a deeper problem in security at military bases . A soldier who brought a personal handgun onto the base in violation of regulations allegedly killed three people and wounded 16 before taking his own life . Last week 's shootings occurred five years after an Army major killed 13 people and wounded 32 in an attack at Fort Hood . Security changes followed that attack , including restrictions on personal firearms on the base . "  If there was an issue here , a procedure or process that was n't followed , we 'll find out , " Hagel said of the recent Fort Hood shooting . "  If we need to do new things in order to protect that base and all bases , we will do it . . " He noted that security generally is good at the thousands of U.S. military installations , but added that even one attack on soldiers at a base "  is too many . " Hagel becomes the first foreigner to visit Chinese aircraft carrier Building trust with China Hagel 's visit to China came amid tensions between Beijing and U.S. ally Japan over disputed islands in the East China Sea , as well as American concerns over China 's role in cyberattacks on U.S. businesses . In the interview , he said that despite differences with China , a series of steps continued to expand contacts and improve cooperation between the armed forces of the the two nations . As an example , he noted eight new military-to-military initiatives he signed with China 's defense minister . "  Now , this does n't resolve every difference , every challenge and question that we have , " Hagel said . "  But it continues to build a floor , a confidence and trust in each other , opening up more dialogue , opening up more conversation -- direct , clear conversation -- about controversial issues . " In addition , Hagel became the first foreigner allowed to board the Chinese aircraft carrier Liaoning , an event he called "  a big deal . " At the same time , he reiterated the U.S. commitment to a mutual self-defense treaty with Japan , but emphasized that "  this is not a zero-sum game " between relations with Tokyo or China . "  We all need to get along in the world through peace , prosperity , stability , security , " Hagel said . "  It 's in China 's interests . It 's in America 's interests . It 's in all of our interests . " CNN 's Jamie Crawford and Jennifer Rizzo contributed to this report , which was reported by Jim Sciutto in Beijing and written by Tom Cohen in Washington .	CNN 's Jim Sciutto interviews Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel during his visit to China Hagel says sanctions and isolation will hurt Russia Not a matter of "  one or two days or one or two weeks , " Hagel says NEW : Hagel notes efforts to build trust with China despite differences
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton 's book rollout hit some speed bumps last week . She took some partisan heat for a comment that she recently made to ABC 's Diane Sawyer . Clinton explained that she and her husband were "  dead broke " when they left the White House because of the legal fees they faced . Her critics instantly jumped on the statement , pointing to these words as evidence that she was out of touch with average Americans . It could be seen as the first major gaffe in a campaign for president in 2016 that has not even begun . Her opponents argued that the statement was disingenuous , given the kind of money the Clintons have earned , and showed that she lacked a kind of veracity . As Robin Abcarian wrote in the Los Angeles Times : "  Here is an iron-clad rule of American politics : If you are a millionaire with multiple houses , never , under any circumstances , discuss your financial struggles . You do n't have any financial struggles . " Clinton clarified the comment , saying she and Bill Clinton were "  obviously blessed " and that "  I fully appreciate how hard life is so for many Americans today . " In another exchange that drew notice , an NPR interview with Terry Gross , the popular host of "  Fresh Air , " Clinton was clearly testy and sharp when the host asked her why it took so long for her to come out in favor of same-sex marriage . Gaffes are a major part of the political game . Gaffes are moments when a candidate slips , and the slip explodes into a major story that might harm a candidacy . They have been a central feature in the age of televised campaigns since the 1960s . Reporters cover campaigns like horse races , more interested in the apparent ups and downs of each candidate than they are in the broader economic and political forces shaping elections or in the big public policy questions of the day . Gergen : Republicans play into Hillary 's hands Gaffes play well in this kind of coverage because they offer instances when it seems as if there will be a dramatic shift in which horse has the lead . As Jonathan Chait wrote in New York magazine : "  S  ince very little changes in the horse race from day to day , the main device they  reporters  have to drive the narrative is the gaffe . The gaffe is a candidate saying something unplanned and unwelcome . As campaign reporters define their job , the gaffe is the primary form of ` news . ' " Clinton joins a long line of candidates who have made these kinds of mistakes . There are different kinds of gaffes , which is probably what helps make them interesting to some . There are gaffes where candidates make statements that just sound wrong , raising questions about their intelligence and political acumen . In 1967 , the charismatic and dashing Michigan Gov. George Romney justified his initial support of Vietnam to a reporter as a result of "  brainwashing " by the military during a visit to Vietnam . The statement , meant to explain the propaganda that many Americans had been hearing , came across as someone who lived in the world of movies rather than the world of politics . During a 1976 debate with Democrat Jimmy Carter , Republican President Gerald Ford said , "  There is no Soviet domination of Eastern Europe . " The statement was meant to show that the president did n't agree with conservative critics who said his foreign policy detente -- easing relations with the Soviet Union -- indicated an acceptance of communism . But it came off as if he did n't know much about foreign policy . Vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin made an endless series of these kinds of gaffes in television interviews in 2008 with Katie Couric , when she seemed to have trouble explaining some very basic facts about foreign or domestic policy . When Couric asked her about statements that Alaska 's proximity to Russia was evidence of her foreign policy expertise , Palin said , "  Our next-door neighbors are foreign countries , there in the state that I am in the executive of . " She added , "  As Putin rears his head and comes into the airspace of the United States of America , where do they go ? It 's Alaska . " Then there are those gaffes where a candidate says something that just falls flat , even if it is not necessarily inaccurate . In 1988 , Democratic candidate Michael Dukakis responded to a question about whether he would want the death penalty if his wife was raped and murdered . He said , "  I think you know that I 've opposed the death penalty all of my life . " Although the Massachusetts governor was trying to demonstrate his commitment to this policy position , his response seemed cold and distant . In 2000 , Vice President Al Gore claimed responsibility for having helped to invent the Internet . Republicans went to town , using this as evidence that Gore was willing to say anything , though the vice president was referring to his involvement with legislation that was actually vital in the evolution of modern communications technology . Sometimes a statement plays into negative perceptions that voters have about a candidate . At a supermarket visit during the 1992 campaign , George H.W. Bush 's words made him appear stunned by a electronic scanner , conveying the impression that he was out of touch with average Americans .  The White House claimed he was just impressed with a new kind of scanner .  He also admitted during a debate that he did n't know the price of milk . When events change , a statement that seems reasonable at one moment can appear devastating the next . In 1972 , Democrat George McGovern said that he was "  one thousand percent " behind his running mate Thomas Eagleton , after Eagleton revealed that he had received electric shock treatment . But McGovern 's team soon felt it was necessary to drop Eagleton from the ticket , making the statement seem quite problematic . Democrats pounced on Sen. John McCain in 2008 for saying that the fundamentals of the economy were sound as the financial markets imploded in the middle of the campaign . There are also physical gaffes , which are less about what candidates say than about how they look . When Democrat Edwin Muskie appeared to be crying as he responded to unfavorable stories about his wife in 1972 , the perception of weakness seemed to harm his front-runner status . When Ford , a former college football player , stumbled on the stairs of an airplane , the fall became the butt of a joke on "  Saturday Night Live " that came to symbolize his clumsiness .  Lyndon Johnson had always joked that Ford , then in the House , could not "  fart and chew gum at the same time . " When Dukakis wore a military helmet in a photo op , sitting in a tank , to show his support for the military , Republicans used this awkward image to highlight his weakness on defense . When Bush glanced at his watch in the middle of a debate with Bill Clinton in 1992 , it showed a president who was not engaged with the entire campaign . When Vermont Gov. Howard Dean yelled enthusiastically after a third place finish in Iowa in 2004 , the clip was shown again and again and used as evidence that he was somehow unstable . When Massachusetts Democrat John Kerry went windsurfing off Nantucket , with his sailboard twisting and turning different ways with the wind , Republicans played the image as evidence that he goes back and forth on the issues . "  John Kerry , whichever way the wind blows , " the narrator says . In a 2000 debate , Gore 's entire physical demeanor -- the way he walked toward George W. Bush at one point in the debate and frequently sighed -- conveyed a kind of arrogance that played into perceptions of him as an aloof East Coast liberal . There are also the gaffes when candidates are caught saying something that was not meant to be public . When an iPhone user captured Mitt Romney at a 2012 fund-raiser talking about the "  47 % " of Americans who were dependent on government and do n't pay taxes and would n't support him , it was used as an example of his elitism . When Sen. George Allen of Virginia in 2006 used the racial slur a "  macaca " while someone was taping him , some said it instantly tanked his candidacy . But do these gaffes really matter ? Do they turn a campaign ? According to a recent book by the political scientists John Sides and Lynn Vavreck , "  The Gamble , " journalists tend to greatly overstate how important gaffes are . The fundamentals of campaigns -- the state of the economy , fund-raising capacity , endorsements -- are in the end much more important than moments like these , which seem big at the time . "  Many a news cycle , " Sides wrote in his blog , "  was built on a ` gaffe ' with a remarkably short shelf life . " When Barack Obama was recorded in the middle of the 2008 primaries making a statement about Americans who cling to their guns and religion , it stimulated a feeding frenzy but did n't kill his candidacy . Given the fast-paced nature of the modern press , the odds are that stories will die very quickly . So if a candidate can hold on long enough , the frenzy around a gaffe will probably disappear . The way in which gaffes usually matter has less to do with make-or-break moments than with how they help to build a broader narrative about how voters view a candidate . Gaffes become devastating only when they play into deeper weaknesses in a candidate that were there regardless of the missteps themselves . The gaffe can also become damaging as a very small piece of a larger story that Americans develop about a specific candidate . The biggest risk from a statement like Hillary Clinton 's has to do with concerns about how genuine she is and whether she is more a product of Washington than Main Street . This will certainly be a story that her opponents will repeat in months to come . But , at this point , she should n't worry too much that this gaffe will matter . Usually candidates survive these stumbles . Clinton brings a tremendous amount to the table , in terms of her support among core Democrats and female voters and her experience in the White House , Senate and at the State Department . If she can continue to build on those assets and meld them into a first-rate campaign , this statement will be quickly forgotten .	Julian Zelizer : Hillary Clinton 's comment about being "  dead broke " landed with a thud He says gaffes tend to drive a lot of media coverage of politicians Vast majority of gaffes do n't have a significant lasting impact , he says Zelizer : When gaffes do matter , it 's because they reinforce perceptions of candidate 's flaws
CNN  -- Taiwan 's former leader Chen Shui-bian and and his wife Wu Shu-jen have been sentenced to 20 years in jail , the island 's High Court reported . Both had initially been sentenced to life imprisonment after their convictions in 2009 on charges of corruption . The court fined Chen 170 million New Taiwan Dollars  U.S. $ 5.3 million  and fined his wife 200 million New Taiwan Dollars  U.S. $ 6.2 million  . During his trial , prosecutors said Chen embezzled 600 million New Taiwan dollars  U.S. $ 18.5 million  , took bribes , laundered money and illegally removed classified documents from the president 's office . Chen countered that the bribe money was actually political donations . He also said that a special presidential fund from which he is accused of embezzling does not clearly say what the money can and can not be used for . Wu was convicted on charges that she helped her son , daughter and son-in-law provide false testimony . Prosecutors said the former first couple 's son has a Swiss bank account with $ 22 million they think are illegal proceeds . The challenge for prosecutors was to prove that Chen handed out political favors in exchange for money . The former president said he was being persecuted politically by his successor . Chen 's party favors independence for Taiwan . His successor , President Ma Ying-jeou , favors closer ties with mainland China .	NEW : Former Taiwanese leader and wife fined total of 370 million New Taiwan Dollars  U.S. $ 11.5 million Sentences reduced to 20 years from life for former president and first lady Prosecutors said Chen Shui-bian embezzled 600 million New Taiwan dollars Chen said the money was political contributions
Atlanta  CNN  -- Federal agents charged four Georgia men they say are part of a fringe militia group with plotting to attack government officials with explosives and the biotoxin ricin , prosecutors in Atlanta announced Tuesday . A government informant recorded the men discussing plans to manufacture ricin , a highly poisonous substance derived from castor beans , and attack Justice Department officials , federal judges and Internal Revenue Service agents , according to court papers released Tuesday afternoon . Prosecutors said the public was never in imminent danger . All four suspects were in custody and are scheduled to make their initial court appearances Wednesday in Gainesville , about 50 miles northeast of Atlanta , the U.S. attorney 's office announced . "  When it comes time to saving the Constitution , that means some people got ta die , " an arrest affidavit quotes one of the defendants , Frederick Thomas , as saying during one recorded conversation . According to arrest affidavits filed in the case , 67-year-old Dan Roberts and Thomas , 73 , agreed to buy a silencer , a bomb and parts to convert a semi-automatic rifle to a fully automatic machine gun from an undercover agent . Meanwhile , 65-year-old Ray Adams and 68-year-old Samuel Crump worked to obtain castor beans and produce ricin , an FBI agent states in the documents . "  While many are focused on the threat posed by international violent extremists , this case demonstrates that we must also remain vigilant in protecting our country from citizens within our own borders who threaten our safety and security , " U.S. Attorney Sally Quillian Yates said in a written statement announcing the arrests . The affidavits do n't identify the "  known militia organization " of which FBI agents say the men are a part . But according to the documents , they talked about spreading ricin across several cities at once , including Washington , Atlanta , New Orleans and Jacksonville , Florida . During an April meeting at his home , Thomas allegedly told participants he had a "  bucket list " of politicians , government officials , corporate leaders and media figures he said should be targeted to "  make the country right again . " "  I could shoot ATF and IRS all day long . All the judges and the DOJ and the attorneys and prosecutors , " the affidavit quotes Thomas as saying . Crump allegedly said he wanted to make 10 pounds of ricin for distribution . "  Dump that little  unintelligible  that 's all you got ta do is lay it in the damn road , the cars are gon na spread it , " the affidavit quotes him as saying . According to one of the affidavits , Crump formerly worked for a contractor doing "  maintenance type services " at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Crump also spoke of an even deadlier substance , "  worse than anthrax , " but the group would need financial backing to produce it , according to the affidavit . The document states a castor bean provided to the informant by Adams and Crump tested positive for ricin . The U.S. Agriculture Department verified Adams formerly worked at the Agriculture Research Service as a lab technician , an affidavit says . According to another affidavit , Thomas allegedly said the group was ready to move forward with obtaining silencers from an active-duty member of the U.S. Army . In a phone call , he also said the four began physical training to prepare for their plans , the affidavit states . Yates told CNN Atlanta affiliate WXIA that the investigation began earlier this year when an informant talked with the FBI about conversations he had overheard . The informant taped conversations with the four suspects and an undercover agent began talking with them , Yates said . She said the defendants had taken "  substantial steps " in the alleged plot . "  They had some of the  ricin  ingredients that were necessary but not all the ingredients , " she said . "  It 's really important for the public to know and be assured that the FBI was on top of this and they were monitoring this every step of the way . " Discussions on how to spread the ricin included driving down an interstate highway and allowing it come out the window , Yates told WXIA . According to one affidavit , the confidential informant is on bond for pending felony state charges . An FBI polygrapher determined the individual "  gave less than truthful responses concerning the activities of the militia group . " But , the affidavit states , the credibility of the informant has been demonstrated by the source 's accurate recounting of the conversations the source recorded during meetings , "  when compared to the audio and video recordings of the meetings and physical surveillance of those meetings conducted by law enforcement agents . " Adams , Crump and Roberts are from Toccoa , about 90 miles northeast of Atlanta , while Thomas is from nearby Cleveland , Georgia , prosecutors said . CNN 's Sara Pratley contributed to this report .	Public was never in imminent danger , prosecutor says "  Some people got ta die " to save Constitution , court papers quote one suspect The four suspects face a court appearance Wednesday They are charged with plotting attacks on judges and IRS agents , among others
CNN  -- Finnish prosecutors will file genocide charges against a Rwandan man in the killings of 15 people during Rwanda 's ethnic cleansing bloodbath in 1994 , authorities said Monday . The case is the first genocide trial in Finland 's history . Accused of complicity in the killings , the unidentified man would face life imprisonment if convicted . "  It is obvious , according to the pre-trial investigation , that the man has committed a crime of genocide in the municipality of Nyakizu in April and May 1994 with intent to destroy the Rwandan Tutsis partly or totally , " Finland 's prosecutor-general said in a statement . The man , a 58-year-old Hutu , has denied the charges . Stoked by the assassination of then-Rwandan President Juvenal Habyarimana , extremist militias made up of ethnic Hutus slaughtered ethnic Tutsis across Rwanda , beginning in April 1994 . Within 100 days , an estimated 800,000 people were killed . The genocide ended when Tutsi-led militias backing Rwandan President Paul Kagame ousted the Hutu government supporting the massacre . The Rwandan man was living in Porvoo , about 50 km  31 miles  east of the Finnish capital of Helsinki , when he was arrested . Prosecutors said they interviewed nearly 100 witnesses abroad before proceeding with charges against the man .	The case is the first genocide trial in Finland 's history The 58-year-old Hutu man living in Finland when he was arrested Estimated 800,000 ethnic Tutsis slaughtered in 1994 by Hutu-led militias
CNN  -- President Asif Ali Zardari of Pakistan will attend the NATO summit meeting about Afghanistan in Chicago this weekend , his office said in a statement Thursday . NATO had invited Zardari to the conference on Tuesday , just days after the organization 's secretary general , Anders Fogh Rasmussen , had suggested that the neighbor of Afghanistan would not be included because of the continued closure of Pakistan 's border with Afghanistan to war supplies . The decision to attend the meeting was made in consultation with Pakistan 's top military and civilian leaders , the statement from Zardari 's office said . Tensions between Pakistan and Western forces operating in Afghanistan have been high since NATO airstrikes killed two dozen Pakistani soldiers in November . The closure of the border with Afghanistan to NATO supply routes was one of the measures Islamabad employed to show its displeasure over the airstrikes . Talks to reopen the border have intensified ahead of the Chicago meetings . U.S. negotiators have been in Pakistan since late April , and this past weekend , Gen. John Allen , who oversees all U.S. and NATO troops in Afghanistan , and his Afghan counterpart were in Pakistan for discussions that included talks about the border situation . Analysts have described the NATO summit invitation as an incentive for Zardari to reopen the routes . But Farhatullah Babar , a spokesman for Zardari , said Tuesday that the invitation to the meeting was unconditional and was not linked to the opening of ground lines of communication for NATO or to any other issue . Senior Pakistani military and civilian officials met in Islamabad Tuesday evening but did not come up with a recommendation on lifting the blockade on the two NATO supply routes through Pakistan . The summit meeting will include Afghan President Hamid Karzai , along with NATO allies and International Security Assistance Force contributors . There also will be representatives from Russia , Japan and key international organizations including the United Nations and European Union . Zardari will make a speech in Chicago and also meet with various international leaders on the margins of the summit , his office said Thursday . A senior official with the Obama administration had stressed earlier in the week that the invitation to Pakistan was from NATO and that it was not clear if President Obama would meet with Zardari . "  It does n't necessarily impact what we do with the Pakistanis " at the summit , the official said . Obama met with Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani in March during a nuclear security summit in Seoul , South Korea . Husain Haqqani , former Pakistani ambassador to the United States and now residing in America , told CNN Thursday that the two countries have "  parallel narratives . " "  Pakistanis think that the United States is an untrustworthy ally ; the Americans think that Pakistani 's do n't always fulfill their end of the bargain , especially when it comes to terrorism , " Haqqani said . Ending the deadlock wo n't be easy , he said . "  Remember , we need to crack down on these extremists for Pakistan 's sake . More Pakistanis have been killed by them than they have killed Americans . ... America will leave Afghanistan someday . But we will still be haunted by the remnants , " he said . Hampering any honest discussion between Pakistan and the United States , he said , is "  a small group of people ideologically motivated and seeking essentially the domination of an Islamist ideology within Pakistan , but unable to get votes . " CNN 's Lucky Gold contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Pakistanis think that the United States is an untrustworthy ally , " former ambassador says NATO wants Pakistan to reopen supply routes to Afghanistan Islamabad is still upset about NATO airstrikes that killed Pakistani soldiers The Pakistani president has nonetheless accepted an invitation to a NATO summit
Rome  CNN  Italy 's highest court Friday will consider whether to uphold the 2009 murder conviction of American Amanda Knox , according to Judge Gennaro Marasca . The high court judge will either uphold the murder convictions of Knox and her Italian ex-boyfriend , or send the case back for another appeal , or potentially on to a different section of the court . Knox , a 27-year-old Seattle native , and Raffaele Sollecito were convicted of the 2007 killing of Knox 's British roommate , Meredith Kercher . Knox and Kercher lived together in Italy at the time of Kercher 's death . Sollecito and Knox were acquitted in 2011 on appeal , and then Knox returned to the United States . However , Italy 's Supreme Court overturned the acquittals in 2013 , and they were convicted last year after a retrial . If a new trial is ordered , Knox and Sollecito will buy a little time before a final decision is reached . But if the court upholds the conviction , the case will be closed for good -- and what happens to Knox next is uncertain . Conventional wisdom dictates that Knox will eventually face an extradition hearing or reach a deal with the Italian Justice Ministry to serve her 28-year sentence , but that could take years . The statute of limitations is double the sentence , meaning the Italians have 57 years to bring her back to the country . Knox , however , would benefit from the United States ' extradition treaty with Italy -- under which the United States will not extradite a person who has been acquitted -- and from the U.S. Constitution 's protection against double jeopardy . Sollecito , on the other hand , still lives in Italy , and has a lot more to lose than Knox does , at least in the short term . He would be scooped up immediately and hauled off to prison to start a 25-year sentence . All of his options will have been exhausted and he will have no choice but to go to directly to jail . Sollecito earlier said he would be in court on Wednesday to face the judge . "  I 've been living this for eight years , " he told the Italian crime TV program "  Quarto Grado . " Not appearing in court would be like hiding in the corner during a tsunami -- it will take you away anyway . " Rudy Guede , from the Ivory Coast , was convicted separately in a fast-track trial and is midway through a 16-year sentence for Kercher 's murder . His case was confirmed by Italy 's high court in 2010 . Many commentators in the U.S. have reasoned that Italy may not ask the United States for Knox 's extradition because it would cause a diplomatic rift between the two nations . But there could be a greater rift if it appears that Knox gets away with murder and her Italian ex-boyfriend pays for the crime . If Sollecito is languishing in prison and Knox is sipping Frappuccino in a Seattle Starbucks , Italians will not be pleased , says Alessandro Capponi , an Italian journalist for Corriere Della Sera who has been covering the case since Kercher was killed in 2007 . "  It will be seen as an injustice , " Capponi told CNN . "  You may not see people out on the streets , but if you ask 10 people what they think , those 10 people will tell you they see it as a complete injustice that only the Italian and the African are in prison . The Italians will say that the American gets away with murder and it wo n't be the first time . " This is not the first time Italy and the United States have butted heads on matters involving American suspects accused of crimes in Italy . In 1998 , an American Marine aircraft sliced through a ski lift cable in the Dolomites , sending 20 people plummeting to their death . Even after admitting to destroying the videotape of the deadly flight , only two of the four Marines were charged and convicted . Only one served jail time -- just over four months of a six-month sentence . In 2012 , Italy 's highest court upheld the convictions of 23 Americans  22 CIA agents and an Air Force pilot  for the kidnapping of Egyptian cleric Abu Omar , a suspeced terrorist , from a street in Milan . They were sentenced to between five and eight years in prison , but Italy has not yet asked for extradition . "  Our relationship with the United States is full of these diplomatic tensions , " said Capponi . "  This will just be added to the list . " Knox 's case has been divisive from the start , and her supporters have come down hard on the Italian judicial system . Sollecito has never had the luxury of that attitude , knowing full well that he is in the hands of the system whether he likes it or not , so vocally criticizing it would n't be in his best interest . In fact , he has long suffered the impact of Knox 's ardent campaigners who have mostly criticized Italy from the other side of the Atlantic . By almost any Italian precedent , Sollecito should not have had to be in prison during his initial trial -- but because Knox was deemed a flight risk , she had to stay in jail . Because Sollecito was her co-defendant , he did too , even though he had no ties to anyone abroad . "  Knox could still beat the system , but Sollecito 's game is up if the convictions are upheld , " Nicola Canestrini , an Italian extradition lawyer familiar with both legal systems , told CNN . "  He has no wiggle room and it could be that he serves the time for both of them , which will likely cause deep resentment here in Italy . " Perhaps a little too late , Sollecito 's defense team has been slowly inching away from Knox , especially since the latest conviction . Last summer , he held a press conference when his lawyers filed their appeal to the high court , in which his lawyer Giulia Bongiorno pointed out "  certain anomalies " in Knox 's testimony that have nothing to do with Sollecito . "  We ask that the court to not extend the anomalies of Amanda 's testimony to Raffaele , " Bongiorno said at the time . Whether that is enough to get the high court to give Sollecito another , independent chance is yet to be seen . "  I am not a crazy person . I am not a criminal . I am innocent , " Sollecito told reporters last summer at the press conference . "  But my name is Raffaele Sollecito , not Amanda Marie Knox . " Now it is up to the judge to determine whether that makes any difference . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Italy 's highest court to consider verdict in 2007 murder of British student Meredith Kercher High court says jury will take case on Friday
Bethesda , Maryland  CNN  -- When Jonathan Legg of Bethesda , Maryland , got a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes at 39 , he was shocked . "  I had always been pretty active , " said Legg . "  But it was a big wake-up call , that what I was doing and my current weight were not OK . " That was two years ago . Since that time , the Morgan Stanley executive decided to make some changes and reverse his diabetes . Although his doctor recommended he go on medication to control his illness , Legg took a different approach . Instead of meds , he began to exercise every day and changed his diet , cutting out alcohol , fatty foods and watching his carbs . Do you have diabetes ? How well are you managing it ? "  I wanted to be able to know the changes I was making were making a difference , and it was n't the drug , " said Legg . According to new statistics just out from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , 25.8 million people , or 8.3 % of the U.S. population , are affected by either type 1 or type 2 diabetes . Most , like Legg , have type 2 diabetes , which in many people develops later in life . Caused primarily by genetic makeup , a sedentary lifestyle and poor eating habits , type 2 diabetes can be reversed in some cases . By making changes to their lives such as adding exercise and improving their diets , many type 2 diabetics can drop their glucose or sugar numbers back to the normal range , reversing their condition . "  We have seen numerous people reverse their condition , " says Dr. Michelle Magee , director of the MedStar Diabetes Institute in Washington . "  But it takes a real dedication for the rest of their lives , " she notes . So why do exercise and diet help reverse diabetes ? To answer that question , we first need to know why people get diabetes in the first place . Diabetes is caused when there is too much glucose or sugar in the body . We get sugar from the things we eat . The body is designed to process sugar so it can enter our cells and provide energy . But glucose ca n't enter our cells without insulin , which is a hormone produced by the pancreas . If you have diabetes , your body is n't making any or is not making enough insulin -- or it ca n't properly use the insulin it is producing . As a result , too much sugar stays in the blood . If this occurs for a long time , it can lead to serious problems . Tips for dealing with diabetes Type 1 diabetes was once known as juvenile diabetes because it 's usually diagnosed in children and young adults . About 5 % to 10 % of all people with diabetes have this type , which is not reversible because the person 's pancreas is not producing insulin at all . The remainder have type 2 diabetes . For these people , their body can no longer process insulin correctly . Although genetics plays a part , obesity is a major reason people develop type 2 diabetes . "  We know that excess body weight adversely affects every organ system in the body , " says Dr. Gary Foster , director of Temple University 's Center for Obesity Research and Education in Philadelphia . "  So it should n't be surprising that as obesity increases , as it has over the past 30 years , that medical conditions , especially conditions like type 2 diabetes , will also increase . " People who carry excess weight , especially in their midsection , are more likely to develop type 2 diabetes because the fat in their tissues causes an imbalance of insulin in the body . The condition is called insulin resistance . If they can eliminate that fat by exercising and limiting carbohydrates and alcohol , then many can drop their glucose levels . And for some , they can drop them back into the normal range . This is also true for people who are prediabetic . According to the CDC , 79 million Americans are prediabetic , which means their glucose readings fall between 100 and 125 while fasting . According to the American Diabetes Association , normal glucose readings are 100 and below when a person has not eaten anything . Numbers above 125 while fasting are considered to be in the diabetic range . So when you 're prediabetic , it 's easier to turn those numbers around . And that 's important , because once you become a diabetic , even if you drop your numbers , you will always be classified as a diabetic , making it difficult to acquire good insurance . "  Once you fall into that glucose range , you are considered at high risk for developing the condition again , " says Magee . "  That 's why we are working on a program right now that goes into the community and reaches those who are at risk of being prediabetic or diabetic , " Magee said . "  The results have been so positive , the CDC is looking at the program as a possible protocol for other hospitals to follow . " As for Jonathan Legg , his numbers are no longer in the diabetic range . He 's lost 40 pounds and watches everything he eats . "  I educated myself , I read the labels , " said Legg . "  I enjoy what I eat . I met with nutritionists , and they helped me build a game plan . " His physician , Dr. Lucy McBride of Foxhall Internists in Washington , D.C. , says it 's more than just diet ; it 's also the types of foods that Legg eats . "  He cut out significant amounts of sugar and carbs in his diet , really changed how he ate , " says McBride . "  He 's increased fiber , increased protein , cut back on alcohol , which is really sugar . " But McBride notes Legg needs to be tenacious . "  I told him , encouraged as I was , and proud and pleased -LSB- but -RSB- he 's got to keep up those lifestyle habits for things to stay in the right direction , " McBride said . "  Without exercise , without diet and without weight control , the diabetes will come back . It 's something he will need to manage his whole life . " That 's something Legg says he would rather do than live as a diabetic .	Jonathan Legg began to exercise every day , changed diet to reverse diabetes Diabetes is caused when there is too much glucose or sugar in the body Type 1 diabetes was once known as juvenile diabetes ; it 's usually diagnosed in children
CNN  -- A wind-fueled wildfire of epic proportions breached fire lines Tuesday and entered Colorado Springs , Colorado , bringing to at least 32,000 the number of people evacuated in the area and at the U.S. Air Force Academy , authorities said . "  The fire conditions could not be worse , " said Anne Rys-Sikora , spokeswoman for a multiagency fire response team . "  It is like a convection oven out there . " Residents of the North Mountain Shadows and Peregrine communities in Colorado Springs were ordered to leave their homes , authorities said . Multiple structures in North Mountain Shadows were being affected by the Waldo Canyon Fire , officials said Tuesday night . Colorado Springs set a record high of 101 on Tuesday as firefighters contended with brutal conditions , including ash falling on highways and neighborhoods . Officials rushed in crews and aerial equipment in a bid to slow the fire . The 6,200-acre fire remained only 5 % contained . Officials labeled it as exhibiting "  extreme fire behavior . " A grim weather forecast for the rest of the week left residents concerned . "  The fire is moving , " said Rys-Sikora . The U.S. Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs issued an evacuation order for about 700 residents in its Pine Valley Housing and 1,400 in Douglass Valley Housing , said public affairs officer John Van Winkle . The academy 's powered flight , glider and parachuting operations were called off Saturday so that the U.S. Forest Service could use runways for helicopters used to fight fires along Colorado 's Front Range , Van Winkle said . The academy 's Class of 2016 , all 1,045 cadets , will arrive Thursday . Town hall meetings about the Waldo Canyon Fire have drawn hundreds of concerned Colorado Springs residents . "  It 's one thing to hear of wildfires , " said Van Winkle . "  it 's another to see it from a stop sign and from the back yard . " Dave Barjenbruch , a meteorologist with the National Weather Service office in Boulder , said the past week has been hellish across Colorado . "  Even in the foothills , where most of the fires are going on , most days have been in the single-digit humidity , " he told CNN . Thunderstorms such as the one that fed the Waldo Canyon Fire on Tuesday are heavy on fire-feeding gusty winds and low on much-needed rainfall , Barjenbruch said . The forecast for Colorado Springs and much of the state does n't look encouraging , said Barjenbruch . "  Things do n't look like they are in a hurry to change here , " he said . Meanwhile , a new fire in Boulder , northwest of Denver , prompted pre-evacuation notices to 2,300 phone numbers . Six other wildfires were active in the state , according to the Colorado Division of Emergency Management . The largest of the fires was the High Park Fire , which began June 9 and has now consumed 87,250 acres , the U.S. Forest Service said . It was 65 % contained Tuesday . The total number of homes lost rose to 257 . The Federal Emergency Management Agency authorized the use of federal funds to help fight the Waldo Canyon Fire after Colorado Springs and surrounding El Paso County declared an emergency , which allows them to receive state and federal aid . The mandatory evacuation for Crystal Park was changed to voluntary , Rys-Sikora told CNN . Almost all of Utah was under a red-flag warning , with at least three wildfires burning Tuesday . Authorities said they found the body of one person after they entered the evacuated areas of the Wood Hollow Fire . The victim had not been identified , according to the Sanpete County Sheriff 's Office FEMA is providing funds to help fight the Wood Hollow Fire , which has grown to 39,000 acres since starting Saturday afternoon . Containment was 15 % . Tuesday , the east side of U.S. 89 had its evacuations lifted and residents in Fairview Ranchos were also let in . Sanpete County is leaving the evacuation orders in effect for the west side of Hwy 89 . West of Provo , Utah , the Dump Fire stood at 5,007 acres and was 100 % contained , officials said .	At least 32,000 people are forced out of their homes Air Force Academy moves residents out of housing areas Body found in evacuation area of Utah fire Response team spokeswoman : "  The fire conditions could not be worse "
CNN  -- "  It 's been a magical adventure , and this is a fantastic conclusion . " Not many people get second chances in life , but Alex Zanardi is making the most of his . In 2001 the ex-Formula One driver was at death 's door , lucky to survive a horrific accident that left him with only 30 % of his blood supply . He lost both his legs -- amputated at the knee -- after being pulled from the wreckage of his car at a race in Germany . Fast forward more than a decade , to another race track , and the Italian is on top of the world . While he was never able to reach the heights of success in F1 -- Zanardi never made the podium in 44 races -- he is a champion Paralympian . "  I 'm somebody very lucky who had a great life , " the the 45-year-old Zanardi said after winning gold in his adopted sport of hand cycling at Britain 's Brands Hatch circuit on Wednesday . "  I have n't wasted many opportunities that fate gave me . I 've certainly had many more opportunities than I deserved , but luckily enough I ended up making the right choices . " From disaster to triumph : A week in the life of Mallory Weggemann In the buildup to the London Games , Zanardi joked , with a dose of black humor , that his accident "  was how I won my ticket to the 2012 Paralympics . " Having failed to make a career in F1 after four difficult seasons , he turned to the U.S. CART series where he twice won the drivers ' title for Chip Ganassi 's team . That earned him a return to the elite division of motorsport in 1999 with the Williams team , but again he struggled . Drifting back to open-wheel cars , fate came calling at the EuroSpeedway Lausitz on September 15 , 2001 . He had worked his way up from the rear of the field to lead the race with 13 laps to go before that life-changing crash . Given the severity of his injuries , the doctors at the scene of the accident said Zanardi should never have survived . Remarkably just two months later , he was walking again using prosthetic legs of his own design . Another two years on , he finished the race that nearly took his life , completing the remaining 13 laps at Lausitz in a specially modified touring car . By 2004 he was racing touring cars fulltime with the help of hand-operated brake and accelerator paddles . Zanardi even drove a modified BMW Formula One car in 2006 . Rwandan amputees bring message of hope : ` We are superstars ' But while most motorsport stars find it difficult to give up their high-octane thrills , Zanardi did just that . "  Three years ago I decided to stop motor racing , not because I had to but because I wanted to , " he said . "  It looked stupid , because at the age of 42 to dump everything to try to pursue an objective to qualify for the Games seemed to be against all odds for a man of my age . "  It felt very crazy but it 's not the first crazy thing that I do in my life , so I guess it will not be the last . " Zanardi replaced one adrenaline buzz with another . He discovered hand cycling -- a sport where the bikes are powered by the riders ' arms -- at the 2007 New York marathon . Invited to speak as a guest , Zanardi decided if he was going to fly all the way from Italy to the U.S. he might as well compete . Compete he did , finishing fourth after only a few weeks ' training . He had found his new passion , competing in the 2009 world championships and then setting about qualifying for the 2012 Paralympics . "  This was the horizon , " he said , smiling as a burst of brilliant , afternoon sunshine lit up his face following his victory in the H4 classification road time trial . "  I 'm very , very happy . It 's never been a sacrifice . I 've enjoyed every day of training as much as this moment now . " Paralympic sailing : A tale of triumph and technology Immediately after his win , the F1 family -- including former world champions Mario Andretti and Jenson Button -- took to social media sites to congratulate Zanardi . Although he was only briefly in their ranks , he is still remembered as one of the sport 's "  nice guys " and most charismatic competitors . The golden ending to his journey came at Brands Hatch , a circuit 20 miles from London where Zanardi had previously raced in a touring car . "  With an engine pushing me I did n't realize it was that hilly , " he said . "  It 's very , very hard but if I had to design the course for the Games this is what I would have done . It 's absolutely beautiful , it 's very hard -- I guess it really suits my characteristics as an old man . " So how does the thrill of winning a cycling race compare to the highs of motor racing ? "  When you are in your twenties you just think the races are what matter the most , " Zanardi said . "  When you are in your forties you really appreciate what you do every day . Of course today is very important but I really appreciate what I did in the past . "  Day by day , it 's been magical , a magical adventure and this is a fantastic conclusion . " It seems unlikely that a man who could not be bowed by losing both of his legs will retire from sport anytime soon . He has already mooted a possible return at the 2016 Rio Games , but Zanardi also joked that his next plan was to add another wheel and engine to his cycle and come back to Brands Hatch . The circuit also hosts Superbike racing and , judging by the glint in his eye , perhaps Zanardi is already weighing up a new challenge of trying out a faster form of wheeled sport .	Ex-Formula One driver Alex Zanardi claims gold medal in hand cycling at the London 2012 Paralympics He lost both his legs in a horrific crash in 2001 but continued in motorsport Italian first tried hand cycling in 2007 and made it his new career two years later The 45-year-old says he has made the most of the chances fate has given him
New York  CNN  -- When I tell people our cat takes an antidepressant , I usually get a funny look . I might as well add that I worship Snoopy , am romantically involved with a Carvel ice cream cake  let 's call it Cookiepuss  , and drive a car that I knitted myself out of gnu fur . Putting your pet on psychotropic medication tends to suggest to others that it is you , not your cat , who needs help . To be fair to those I told this to , who perhaps thought my husband and I were escaped mental patients , I would have thought the same thing a few years ago . Before she lived with us , our cat Minou resided in a garbage area . After we adopted her , every time we went away , Minou would succumb to extreme urinary tract infections , at which point through no fault of her own our whole apartment morphed into one big litter box . Antibiotics , and even surgery , failed to address this problem . Finally , after a particularly aggressive infection that spread to the cat 's kidneys , our vet recommended the happy pills . "  She is internalizing her anxiety and it is affecting her bladder , " he explained . "  She thinks when you leave the apartment , you 're leaving forever . She thinks she 's going back to the dump . " By this time , I was several thousand dollars worse off , maxed out on pet insurance and had spent four disconcerting days watching Minou refuse to eat or move . Any remaining reservations I had about forcibly medicating an animal went out the window . So I fed Minou happy pills . Several months later , after the amitriptyline the vet had prescribed had truly taken hold , Minou was a noticeably different beast . Departure-related hysteria , puddle creation and the delightful nights of screeching all subsided . We felt guilty about forcing pills down her throat , which she often tried to hide and then spit out . But we were relieved that she was n't getting sick anymore , though she did seem floppier . Apparently , our situation is not all that rare . Dr. Nicholas Dodman , founder of the Tufts Animal Behavior Clinic , said many animal dysfunctions mimic human psychological issues . Excessive grooming can be a symptom of obsessive-compulsive disorder , aggression and violence can indicate anxiety , and a refusal to eat can suggest depression in an animal . As with humans , these behaviors often can and should be first treated by adjusting the animal 's environment and behavior . But animals do n't speak , and they ca n't lie on a therapist 's sofa plumbing painful puppyhood/kittenhood memories for the roots of their neuroses , so there are limits to the scope of therapy for them . Additionally , some issues are rarely treatable except with drugs -- for example , "  urine-marking " in cats or thunderstorm phobia in dogs . Dr. Susan Nelson , professor for primary care at Kansas State University Veterinary Health Center , said many pets ' troubles can be traced to human owners . We trap them in our homes , expose them to fireworks or force them to live with other animals they may intensely dislike . To you they may be Cuddles and Hector ; to them it might be Rush Limbaugh and Bill Maher . The question of what kinds of feelings animals have and whether those feelings can , or should , be effectively treated with medication is , as you might imagine , controversial . Dodman said that while it 's fairly evident that animals experience primary emotions such as fear , what has been more hotly debated is whether they have secondary emotions like jealousy and guilt . Those require the animal to have a sense of its own existence . It 's easy to laugh at the idea of Fido taking an antidepressant and to dismiss owners who medicate their pets as urban nut cases who probably also kit their pooch out in Alexander McQueen sweaters and tote them around in a Birkin bag . But I think it 's a huge disservice to animals to discount a medicated approach . I do n't believe Minou thinks like a person , that she feels self-conscious about her saggy undercarriage or remorseful about waking me up by meowing in my face . But I know she was unhappy . Antidepressants may not be a cure-all for every ailment or behavioral issue , but they 're a step to discuss with your vet if you 're at the end of your leash . "  If you 're really stuck and on the point of surrender , " Dodman said , "  Do n't give your animal up before you try a course of medication . " I agree . If all else fails , you may have to put aside your inner skeptic , swallow your pride and have your pet swallow some happy pills . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Katie Walmsley .	Katie Walmsley : I was advised to give my cat antidepressants after she had recurrent illnesses Walmsley : Antidepressants were a last resort , after antibiotics and surgery did n't work She says her cat 's behavior and health improved after taking medication Walmsley : People think giving pets psychotropic medication is a joke , but it has real benefits
LIJIANG , China  CNN  -- In the northwest of China 's mountainous Yunnan province , among the world 's most biodiverse areas , a green revolution is under way among rural residents . Zhang Chengui was the first to adopt alternative energy in Yunnan 's Meiquan Village . In Meiquan Village near Lashi Lake , Zhang Chengui says he has been able to maximize profits by spending more time growing crops since installing a biogas digester-greenhouse , solar water heater , energy-efficient stove and rain-collecting cistern . He installed them with loans from the bank and grants from The Nature Conservancy , becoming in 2003 the first in his village to adopt alternative energy . Since then , his income has tripled to 40,000-50 ,000 yuan  $ 5,800 - $ 7,300  , he said . The region , which sees the crossing of three of Asia 's great rivers -- the Yangtze , Mekong and Salween -- is a poor one , with firewood traditionally being the source for cooking , heating and housing for half a million households . However , despite a decade-long ban on commercial logging , such a firewood-dependent lifestyle poses a threat to Yunnan 's forests and its more than 17,000 plants and wildlife , including the endangered golden monkey . Zhang 's status as Meiquan 's village leader made him a natural choice to launch the alternative energy project there . By enlisting him as an ally , The Nature Conservancy was able to slowly persuade other villagers , who would otherwise be hesitant to invest their limited money . Hundreds of households in the area have followed his lead . Under the Nature Conservancy 's alternative energy project , 820 households adopted biogas digesters , and 600 adopted solar water heaters , many of them choosing both , according to Zhu Li , communications manager at the nongovernmental organization 's Kunming office . The Nature Conservancy says it and partners have taken the alternative energy project to 420 villages in Yunnan , installing more than 14,000 biogas units , energy efficient stoves and solar water heating systems . Most of those villages are remote and had relied on nearby forests as opposed to a power grid . To tap money for such devices , villagers can receive small loans under the GreenVillage Credit program . Part of the United Nations Environment Programme 's China Rural Energy Enterprises Development  CREED  initiative , the program has successful precedents in five African nations -- Senegal , Mali , Ghana , Zambia and Tanzania -- and northeast Brazil . The approach , developed by clean energy investor E+C o , helps entrepreneurs take risks in an otherwise emerging sector in order to gain public trust and attract commercial investment . The goal is to overcome the hurdles generally posed by limited money and training in such remote areas -- and reduce fuel wood consumption by 75 percent . The initiative -- which links the government with nongovernmental organizations and financial institutions -- harnesses financing , alternative energy sources , entrepreneurship and training into income-generating activities . In addition , the CREED initiative aims to provide alternatives for rural areas where women and children shoulder the burden of collecting firewood and wood burning . The number of hours spent daily , as well as the detrimental health effects of wood burning and indoor pollution -- such as eye and respiratory ailments -- risk contributing to the persistence of the area 's poverty . In a report last year  "  Investing in a Climate for Change "  , the U.N. Environment Programme said that finance is "  essential " in addressing climate change . "  Without substantial and sustained investment in clean energy and other measures now , the reality of a global economy free of climate change impacts will remain a distant dream , " the report noted . For most Yunnan households , whose average yearly income is a few hundred dollars , a biogas digester  $ 150 - $ 300  , a solar water heater  $ 400  , or an efficiency stove  $ 40-80  is too costly , The Nature Conservancy points out . Under GreenVillage Credit , households can apply for loans up to 10,000 yuan  $ 1460  after mapping out their income-generating activity from such devices . To offset any default , 5 percent of the loan is deposited at a bank as a guarantee , and a solidarity group of five to eight households is formed to share responsibility for the member 's loan repayments . In return , participants get technical support and have about 18 months to pay the loan off . Nearly 600 households have been able to tap more than $ 300,000 in loans to purchase such energy-efficient systems and generate income , thanks to GreenVillage Credit . Whereas Zhang 's family used to spend hours seeking , chopping and carrying firewood , the switch to alternative energy has enabled them to save the equivalent of 100 working days , he estimated . Thanks to the solar heater , a shower is a daily possibility , and the biogas digester -- which converts human and pig waste to a clean gas that can be pressurized -- has enabled cooking and lighting . More time is then left to devote to his income-generating greenhouse , which uses waste slurry left over from the biogas digester as fertilizer for his grapes , strawberries , apples , plums , cherries , peaches , eggplant , cucumber , tomatoes and squash . Thanks to increased income , his children were freed up to attend the university , said the 53-year-old Zhang , whose own education ended with high school . Zhang 's children have since graduated ; his son became a magazine editor , while his daughter became a government official , Zhang said . "  What we have today can not be separated from alternative energy , " Zhang told journalists visiting his home last year . His life 's goal , he said , was to educate the next generation well and see an improvement in his grandchildren 's lives . Elsewhere in China , biogas projects have proven more popular than in Yunnan , where colder temperatures generally require a greenhouse to cover the units . As of the end of 2007 , more than 26.5 million rural households were using household biodigesters , saving the equivalent of 44 million tons of CO2 emissions , according to China 's State Council Information Office . The number is notable for a country criticized for its environmental record while trying to bridge a wide income gap between urban dwellers and rural residents who lack access to modern energy services .	Half a million households have traditionally used wood for cooking , heating , housing Village leader Zhang Chengui was first in Meiquan to adopt alternative energy Hundreds of households have since signed on , thanks to credit and grants Zhang 's income has tripled ; children freed up to attend university , he says
CNN  -- As a Muslim American , I did n't think anything could shock me when it comes to anti-Muslim bigotry . But I have to give it up for Oklahoma state Rep. John Bennett , a Republican , who has set a record for the vilest anti-Muslim comments yet . What makes Bennett 's comments so alarming is that they were n't directed against Islamic terrorists such as ISIS , but rather against Muslim Americans , people like my family , friends and me . A few weeks ago , Bennett posted on Facebook using his account "  State Representative John Bennett " that Christians should be "  wary " of Muslim Americans : "  The Quran clearly states that non-Muslims should be killed . Arab is the ethnicity , not Muslim or Islam . Be wary of the individuals who claim to be ` Muslim American . ' Be especially wary if you are Christian . " Despite calls for Bennett to apologize for inciting hate against Muslim Americans , he instead escalated his campaign of bigotry . On Monday , Bennett held a public forum with more than 100 constituents in a Western Sizzlin ' steakhouse in Sallisaw , Oklahoma . There , Bennett provided his supporters with something other than steak -- a big helping of hate . According to the Sequoyah County Times , Bennett told the audience that Muslims are a "  cancer that must be cut out of the American society . " He added that the goal of Muslims is "  the destruction of Western civilization from within . " But here 's where Bennett 's comments truly become bone chilling . Bennett , a military veteran , issued what some could interpret as a call to arms : "  I 'm not advocating violence against anyone ... but I am not going to stand back and allow them to let Islam take over this nation . " So how did the audience at the Western Sizzlin ' respond to Bennett 's speech ? With a standing ovation . How do you explain to a Muslim American child growing up in Oklahoma that a room full of people cheered when an elected official called you a cancer who must be cut out of America ? On Tuesday , Bennett appeared on a local news program to answer questions about his comments . Did he apologize ? Nope , instead he doubled down with the remark , "  Muslim Americans who subscribe to Islam are just as bad as ISIS . " In reality , Muslim American organizations across the nation , including one in Bennett 's own state , have publicly denounced ISIS and condemned their actions as not only being horrific but as also being un-Islamic . Could Bennett 's comments lead to violence against Muslim Americans ? I think so . Also sharing my concern is Adam Soltani , the head of the Oklahoma chapter of the Council on American Islamic Relations  CAIR  . Soltani explained to me that Bennett 's remarks had crossed the line "  from inflammatory rhetoric to a call to violence that might incite people who might not know any better . " In fact , Soltani 's CAIR chapter has urged the Muslim American community in Oklahoma to take precautions after recent hate crimes were committed against Muslims in New York City . Now , saying Bennett is simply an anti-Muslim bigot would n't be fair . He 's so much more . For example , last month when the shooting of Michael Brown by a Ferguson , Missouri , police officer was in the news , Bennett took to Facebook to express his anger . Was he upset the police shot an unarmed black teenager ? Nope , he was livid that the Obama administration had sent representatives to "  this thug 's funeral "  referring to Michael Brown  and to Nelson Mandela 's , but did n't do the same when certain famous white people had died . Bennett also wrote sarcastically that the police officer who shot Brown could never be innocent because he 's a "  WHITE COP ! "  His capitalization . And in July , after a federal appeals court struck down Oklahoma 's constitutional amendment barring gay marriage , Bennett stated that he was "  angry " with the decision and vowed to fight , "  to retake our freedoms from this overreaching federal government . " To Bennett , gay Americans having the freedom to marry is somehow depriving him of his own freedom . The real story though is n't a hateful elected official . We have all seen that before . The bigger development was the reaction of Oklahoma 's religious and social justice groups to Bennett . Instead of dividing the community , Bennett had brought together Christian , Jewish and Muslim groups as well as organizations like the NAACP and the ACLU to stand together at a press conference to denounce Bennett and demand an apology . Rabbi Vered Harris of Oklahoma City 's Temple B'nai Israel told me , "  I respect people of all religions , or no religions , who abide by America 's core values of tolerance and respect . It 's unfortunate that Rep. Bennett does not . " I also spoke with the president of the Oklahoma Chapter of the NAACP , Anthony Douglas , who said it was too late for Bennett to apologize , it was time for him to resign . Douglas , a Vietnam veteran , commented that Bennett is "  promoting hatred and possibly even violence against Muslim Americans with his comments and there 's simply no place for that from our elected officials . " Bennett is running unopposed in this November 's election . However , maybe the good people of his district will write in another candidate to replace him . Bigotry is a "  cancer that must be cut out of the American society . " A step towards achieving that dream would be defeating John Bennett on November 4 .	A state representative from Oklahoma said Muslims are a ` cancer ' in American society Dean Obeidallah says the official has been responsible for other hateful rhetoric He says that the response of the religious community in denouncing Bennett is encouraging
OPRAH.com  -- For any mom who 's ever felt frazzled , overwhelmed or rushed , Oprah says this show is for you . "  It 's your wake-up call to slow down , " she says . "  What happened to my guest today could so easily happen to any of you . " Brenda Slaby still blames herself for her daughter 's death . She tells moms to slow down and appreciate their kids . Brenda Slaby says she was once an assistant principal and mother of two who tried her best to be "  supermom . " "  It was very hard trying to be the perfect mom and the perfect employee , " she says . "  I try to be everything to everybody ... I 've always been the kind of person that lived for doing things for other people . " Then , on a hot August afternoon in 2007 , she says she went from being a good role model for children , a good administrator and a good parent to being the most hated mom in America . When Brenda woke up on August 23 , 2007 , she says she knew she had a busy day ahead of her . Summer vacation was coming to a close , and it was the first day back for teachers at her school . That morning , the rush to get out the door was more frantic than usual , she says . Brenda and her husband , Gary , got their two young daughters , Allison and Cecilia , dressed and ready to go . Then , in a departure from their regular routine , Brenda loaded 2-year-old Cecilia into her car to take her to the babysitter 's house . "  I had a dentist appointment , and I asked Brenda to take Cecilia , " Gary says . "  I normally took both Cecilia and Allison , dropped Cecilia off at the sitter and Allison off at preschool . " With Cecilia sleeping in the backseat , Brenda pulled out of the driveway at about 6 a.m. . When she realized it was too early to drop her youngest child off , she decided to run a quick errand . Brenda stopped at the store to buy doughnuts , a treat for the returning teachers . After loading her car with snacks , she got on the road that led to her school and drove straight there . With her mind racing through all the things she needed to accomplish before teachers arrived , Brenda got right to work . "  I had lots of things to set up , " she says . "  I was nervous and frantic that morning because it was such an important day to get the school year -LSB- off -RSB- to a great start . " The day began with a staff meeting , followed by lunch . While chatting with new teachers between meetings , Brenda says she talked about her daughters . "  My feeling was it was a great first start , " she says . "  It was going to be a great school year , and it was a great start to the day . " At about 4 p.m. , Brenda was in her office , getting ready to head home when all hell broke loose . "  A good teacher friend of mine -- sometimes I think it was a blessing it was her -- was on her way home , and she walked by my car , " Brenda says . "  She ran into my office and she said , ` Brenda , your baby 's in the car . ' " Brenda immediately grabbed her keys and raced to the parking lot . "  I knew what I was going to find , " she says . "  I opened my car door , and I remember hearing the voices around me . Teachers who were close to me -LSB- were -RSB- screaming . " When she got to her car she found Cecilia in the backseat , still strapped into her car seat . Brenda says she grabbed her daughter out of the car as fast as she could , but she knew it was too late . "  I knew she was gone as soon as I picked her up , I knew , " she says . "  I remember I took her , and I ran through the parking lot with her , screaming her name . Then , what brought me kind of to consciousness , I guess , was somebody from the cafeteria yelled for me to bring her here . " Brenda says she handed her lifeless daughter to someone who tried to revive her . Then , she retreated to another part of the cafeteria and began to pray . "  I heard people yelling for ice , and I sat in a ball and I prayed , " she says . "  I prayed harder than I 've ever prayed in my life ... But I knew she was gone . " Cecilia died of a heatstroke after being left in the car for nearly eight hours . Outside , temperatures had reached 100 degrees . Gary was working when he received a frantic call from Brenda 's principal . "  He said , ` Get over to the school right now , ' " Gary says . "  And I said , ` What 's up ? ' -LSB- He said , -RSB- ` It 's an emergency . ' " In the car on the way to his wife 's school , Gary says he never considered that his child 's life might be in danger . "  The whole time I 'm thinking , ` What disgruntled employee did something crazy ? ' " he says . "  I said , ` Well , maybe something happened to Brenda . ' " When Gary pulled into the school parking lot , he says he saw a lot of commotion . Brenda 's principal pulled him off to the side to tell him what happened . "  He looked at me and he says , ` Cecilia 's dead , ' " Gary says . "  I did n't even think to ask him , ` How ? Why ? ' I just got up and sort of walked off to be by myself . I was just in shock . I did n't know what to do . " Despite his grief , Gary says he has never blamed his wife for Cecilia 's death . "  I could have done the same thing very easily , " he says . On nights when his wife had to work late , Gary says she 'd ask him to pick up the girls from the babysitter 's house , a break from their normal routine . A few times , he says he forgot . Oprah.com : How to heal your grief "  I get out of work thinking about what I 'm going to do when I get home , this and that . I 'm going up the highway , -LSB- I realize , -RSB- ` Oh , my gosh . I left her at the sitter 's , ' " he says . "  I would have to turn around , go back and get her . " Gary does n't hold Brenda responsible , but Brenda still blames herself . "  I realized the most important person in the world to me lost out because I did n't plan well enough , " she says . "  She 's the one that slipped through the cracks . " The day Cecilia died , Brenda was taken to a police station where she was questioned for more than two hours . During her emotional confession , she says police officers were empathetic . "  Never during the questioning did they seem accusatory , " Brenda says . One officer assured Brenda that no one thought she meant to hurt Cecilia . Brenda , on the other hand , was not easy on herself . "  Good mothers do n't do this , " she said during the questioning . "  How could I not think of my daughter ? I want to die . I just want to die . " Brenda admits she had left Cecilia in a running car before , but she says she never made a habit of it . "  The day that Cecilia died was so different because I completely forgot that she was there , " she says . While the police may have been empathetic , Brenda says her community was not . "  My community was in outrage , " she says . "  I was the most hated mom . " Although Brenda says her staff and principal were wonderful to her , she says the decision makers in the school district decided they wanted nothing to do with her . Oprah.com : How to slow down Although coping has been difficult , Brenda says she has found a higher purpose that is helping her move forward . "  Almost immediately , I said , ` How am I going to make something out of this ? ' I have been given this to bear for a reason , and I 'm not going to let Cecilia 's life be in vain . That I 'm going to use what I 've learned in this whole process to change lives for other people . " Brenda says the lesson she learned that she wants to pass on to other moms is to slow down -- do n't become overwhelmed with perfection . "  I 've learned to say a lot , ` It just does n't matter , ' " she says . "  The house does n't matter , the perfect dinner does n't matter -- the kids matter . " From "  The Oprah Winfrey Show , " "  A Overwhelmed Mom 's Deadly Mistake "  2008 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Brenda Slaby 's daughter Cecilia died after Slaby left her in her car while at work Cecilia died of heatstroke after being left for nearly eight hours Slaby blames her hectic schedule for her mistake "  I 've learned to say a lot , ` It just does n't matter , ' " she says of slowing down
The Hollywood Reporter  The author of a 2006 novel has accused the "  Avengers " director and "  Cabin " director Drew Goddard of stealing his idea . With just weeks until his box-office victory lap for "  Avengers : Age of Ultron , " Joss Whedon is now facing a lawsuit accusing him of stealing the idea for the 2012 meta-horror movie The Cabin in the Woods . Whedon produced and co-wrote the script for Cabin with director Drew Goddard , a writer on Whedon 's "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer " and a fanboy favorite in his own right , with credits that include Netflix 's "  Daredevil "  and reportedly may soon include Sony 's upcoming Spider-Man projects  . Whedon and Goddard are named as defendants , along with Lionsgate and Whedon 's Mutant Enemy production company , in the complaint filed Monday in California federal court . Joss Whedon Slams ` Jurassic World ' Clip as " '70s - Era Sexist " In the complaint , Peter Gallagher  no , not that Peter Gallagher  claims Whedon and Goddard took the idea for "  The Cabin in the Woods " from his 2006 novel "  The Little White Trip : A Night In the Pines . " He 's suing for copyright infringement and wants $ 10 million in damages . Gallagher is basing his claim on the works ' similar premises : Both feature a group of young people terrorized by monsters while staying at a cabin in what is revealed to be  spoiler alert  a horror-film scenario designed by mysterious operators . Read the full complaint . Gallagher also alleges similarities between the characters ' names and personalities -- his book 's blond Julie and shy Dura and the film 's Jules  Anna Hutchison  and Dana  Kristen Connolly  , and handsome and scatterbrained men in both works -- and certain scenes involving the characters finding strange items in their respective cabins and discovering hidden cameras . ` Age of Ultron ' : Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch Are "  Massively Important , " Says Joss Whedon  Video In the complaint , Gallagher describes how he self-published the novel and "  began grassroots efforts " to sell it on the Venice Beach boardwalk and on Santa Monica 's Third Street Promenade . " -LSB- The defendants -RSB- currently reside and operate out of Santa Monica , California , a short distance from where the Book was sold , " the lawsuit claims . Gallagher alleges that he "  was contacted by multiple credited entertainment industry producers who expressed interest in the Book , " but he does n't specify Lionsgate or Mutant Enemy . A Lionsgate spokesman declined to comment . The Hollywood Reporter has reached out to representatives for Whedon and Goddard .  2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	An author says "  Avengers " director Joss Whedon and "  Cabin " director Drew Goddard stole his idea Peter Gallagher alleges similarities to his "  The Little White Trip : A Night In the Pines " from 2006
CNN  Every week in the heart of Nima , a slum in the Ghanaian capital of Accra , families congregate at a local mosque . When the time comes , young girls say goodbye to their loved ones and part ways , filing up concrete steps leading up to the floor above . There , inside a large room dotted with brown tables , rows of flashing computer screens await for them . "  When the parents are praying -LSB- downstairs -RSB- , we are teaching the girls upstairs , " explains tech entrepreneur Regina Agyare , who comes here every week to teach local teens how to code . Agyare 's first visit to see the girls -- students at education project Achievers Ghana -- was in January 2014 . This was supposed to be a one-off seminar as part of her mentorship initiative "  Tech Needs Girls " -- however , the students proved quite a draw . "  I fell in love with them , so I decided to set up a coding club and started having regular sessions , " says Agyare , founder of software development company Soronko Solutions . More importantly , continues Agyare , it offered the opportunity to show "  the community the value of educating girls . " A predominantly Muslim area in a largely Christian nation , Nima has one of the densest populations in Accra . Agyare says life is often challenging for many local girls , with some growing up without ever leaving the community . "  Girls were being forced to marry early ; -LSB- denied -RSB- their right to go to school . Most of their dreams and aspirations were limited to just what was around them . "  I was shocked ... I thought we had progressed as a nation . I thought we had gone past that . " This , in part , was why Agyare lent her support to Achievers Ghana . Set up by local Amadu Mohammad , the non-profit organization supports 250 girls between the age of six and 18 , priming them for formal education through extracurricular classes in reading , math , poetry and information technology . Its goal is to break through social barriers and provide Nima with a generation of female role models , and so the group provides school funding to help the girls shape their own future . The project was bequeathed its classroom above the mosque it shares a building with , and Agyare says the two work closely together . Achievers Ghana met initial resistance from local conservatives , but when the mosque 's chief imam Sheik Hussein Abdul Rahman championed Mohammad 's vision , few maintained their reservations . Now , with parents paying a nominal fee towards the running of the organization , it is in everyone 's interest that the girls succeed . Fourteen months after her first visit , Agyare 's coding class is well established . She has set up a mentor scheme as part of "  Tech Needs Girls , " recruiting and training women at university to act as role models for her younger students in Nima . In each class , around 50 girls are taught HTML and run a blog called "  Slum Voices " . "  I definitely feel -LSB- technology -RSB- has given them more of a voice , " Agyare says . "  I feel like it 's allowed them to express themselves and interact with others ... for them , it 's important to be heard . " Some girls had never used a computer before the classes began , but Agyare 's even-handed approach has brought all her students up to the same standard . Agyare insists that "  we do n't leave anyone behind . " To that end , a few young male faces have found their way into her classroom . This was an accidental revelation , according to Agyare . She details the story of one affronted boy . "  He wrote that he did n't like it when he saw girls learning about computers ... it was difficult -LSB- for him -RSB- to see girls being empowered ; he was n't used to that . " Agyare realized that by integrating genders in her classroom she could begin to confront gender expectations . For many boys the role of a girl is "  to be their wife , " Agyare explains , "  and she needs to be taken care of . " However , by running mixed classes boys from an early age "  can learn to see a woman as a contributing person -LSB- within society -RSB- . " Now the hope is that many of the young students will be able to go to university -- and Achievers Ghana is working on a scholarship program to make the prospect attainable . Agyare says the goal is not to turn every girl into software developers but to enable them to "  use technology in whatever field they find themselves . " She adds : "  It would be great if we had some girls that decided to go on and study computer science , but really it 's about helping them reach their full potential ... and bring change to the community . " Read this : 5 reasons why tech needs geek girls More from African Start-Up	Many girls in Nima , one of Accra 's poorest slums , receive little or no education Achievers Ghana is a school funded by the community to give the next generation a better chance of success Girls are being taught to code by tech entrepreneur Regina Agyare , who believes her students will go far
CNN  -- Quick -- name a planet with rings . Easy , right ? But Saturn and others are not alone : Now scientists have added another celestial body to the short list of objects in our solar system that have rings around them . The remote asteroid Chariklo orbits between Saturn and Uranus in the outer solar system . Researchers published a study in the journal Nature showing evidence of rings around it . Lead author Felipe Braga-Ribas of the Observatorio Nacional/MCTI in Rio de Janeiro said the discovery came as a complete surprise . "  We were n't looking for a ring and did n't think small bodies like Chariklo had them at all , " he said in a statement . Chariklo is fairly small -- 250 kilometers  150 miles  in diameter . It is classified as a "  centaur , " an object that has an unstable orbit and crosses giant planets ' orbits . Mythological centaurs had both human and horse features , while centaurs in the solar system may have both comet and asteroid characteristics . The asteroid is only the fifth solar system object whose rings have been detected . Jupiter , Saturn , Uranus and Neptune also have rings . Telescopes at seven different locations , including the European Southern Observatory 's La Silla site in Chile , saw a star seem to disappear for a few seconds on June 3 , 2013 . This happened because the star 's light was obscured by Chariklo . The star 's brightness also diminished a few seconds before and after that main blocking of light . Astronomers discovered that rings were responsible , and calculated their size , shape and orientation . The two rings orbiting the asteroid are relatively narrow : 7 kilometers and 3 kilometers across . They are separated by a gap of 9 kilometers . Scientists are informally calling these rings Oiapoque and Chui , after rivers near the northern and southern ends of Brazil . The gravitational interactions from small moons may be keeping the orbiting material in ring form , scientists said . "  So , as well as the rings , it 's likely that Chariklo has at least one small moon still waiting to be discovered , " Braga-Ribas said in a statement . And someday the rings themselves may lead to a moon being formed , scientists said . On a larger scale , a similar process could have been involved in the making of our own moon , as well as other planetary satellites . How these rings came to be is mysterious . One idea is that a collision created a disc of debris , the European Southern Observatory said . "  This discovery suggests that the event  s  responsible for the origin of the rings is relatively recent , or that a fortuitous balance of forces have combined to help sustain them , " said Ed Beshore , deputy principal investigator for NASA 's OSIRIS-REx mission , which aims to visit a near-Earth asteroid and bring a sample back to Earth . Beshore was not involved with this study . Scientists planning OSIRIS-REx , targeting an asteroid called Bennu , are finding challenges with the dynamics of small celestial bodies , Beshore said . The Nature study reinforces the idea that asteroids , comets and other relatively small bodies are "  no longer second-class citizens in our solar system , " he said . "  Indeed , they may harbor important clues about the origins and mechanisms that helped create our planet Earth , and the processes that supported the rise of life here , " he said . Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau	South American telescope observations found rings around an asteroid The asteroid , called Chariklo , may also have a moon Some day the rings themselves may lead to a moon being formed
A gunman who shot dead two American officers inside the Afghan interior ministry remained at large late Saturday as U.S. officials decried the attack in Kabul . "  This act is unacceptable , and the United States condemns it in the strongest possible terms , " Defense Department press secretary George Little said in a statement . The Taliban claimed responsibility , though NATO and Afghan officials are investigating and have not confirmed involvement by the Islamist militant group . A Taliban spokesman said the attack was in response to the recent burning of Qurans at a U.S. base . The killing of the officers prompted Gen. John Allen to order all military advisers with the International Security Assistance Force to withdraw from government ministries in the Afghan capital as a precaution . According to ISAF , initial reports indicated that "  an individual " turned his weapon against NATO service members , later confirmed by an Afghan police official to be an American colonel and major . The two officers were found dead in their office from gunshot wounds to the head , the Afghan police official said . "  They were part of the advisory mission there , " the official said . "  At this stage we ca n't say why they were killed . " Hours later , U.S. President Barack Obama called Allen to discuss the situation and express condolences to the families . "  We welcome President  Hamid  Karzai 's statement this morning encouraging peaceful expressions , and his call for dialogue and calm , " Obama said in a statement released by the White House . "  The United States remains committed to a partnership with the government and people of Afghanistan , as we work to realize our shared goal of disrupting , dismantling and defeating al Qaeda and strengthening the Afghan state . " Photos : Faces of the Taliban The investigation into the attack is ongoing , and it was unclear who the shooter was , the Afghan official said . However , it 's unlikely that the gunman was an outsider who had infiltrated the ministry , he said . The attack happened in a separate compound inside the interior ministry where as many as 10 Americans are based , the Afghan official said . Such an attack would have to be planned , he said . "  The perpetrator of this attack is a coward whose actions will not go unanswered , " Allen said . Allen 's order for ISAF advisers to withdraw includes the interior and defense ministries , among others , the U.S. official said . The U.K. Foreign Office announced that British officials working in Afghan ministries in Kabul have also been withdrawn , as a "  temporary measure . " ISAF provides advisers in key ministries to help train Afghan officials . It is not clear to what extent ISAF 's military training mission was affected by the attack . Afghan Defense Minister Abdul Rahim Wardak called his American counterpart , Leon Panetta , to offer his condolences and apologized for the attack , Little said . Panetta "  urged the Afghan government to take decisive action to protect coalition forces and curtail the violence in Afghanistan after a challenging week in the country , " he added . Zabiullah Mujahid , a Taliban spokesman , said "  the attacker is still alive and resisting and a second Mujahid managed to escape the ministry . " "  This comes amid our call to all Afghan security forces to turn their guns towards the invading forces who are the real enemies of our country and religion and kill them so they leave our country , " Mujahid said in an e-mail . Saturday 's brazen attack at the interior ministry came amid continued protests over the recent burning of Qurans at Bagram Airfield . A military official said the materials burned were removed from a detainee center 's library because they had "  extremist inscriptions " on them and there was "  an appearance that these documents were being used to facilitate extremist communications . " A fifth day of demonstrations over the burning left four civilians dead and 50 injured near the United Nations office in Kunduz , said Saad Mokhtar , head of the city 's health department . Twelve police officers were among the wounded Saturday . Allen addressed the burning issue during a visit to a military base where two U.S. soldiers were killed Thursday by a man wearing an Afghan National Army uniform . A protest over the burning of Qurans was taking place outside the base at the time of the killings . Allen called on troops to "  show the Afghan people that as bad as that act was at Bagram , it was unintentional , and Americans and ISAF soldiers do not stand for this . We stand for something greater than that . " Obama also apologized for the incident . Muslims believe the Quran is the word of God , so holy that people should wash their hands before touching the sacred book .	President Obama expresses condolences The gunman remains at large Two American officers are found in their office dead from gunshot wounds The Taliban has claimed responsibility for the attack
CNN  -- Paraguay striker Roque Santa Cruz hopes to revive his stalled career after securing a return to his old stomping ground at English Premier League club Blackburn Rovers . The 29-year-old has left high-flying Manchester City on loan for the rest of this season , having failed to make an impact following his $ 28 million move from Blackburn in mid-2009 . "  I feel like I am coming home . This has been the easiest decision of my career , " he told the Blackburn website on Friday . "  I want to get playing and scoring goals again , and this is a real chance for me to prove myself after a frustrating period . Everyone knows what Blackburn Rovers means to me . " Santa Cruz scored 29 goals in two seasons at Ewood Park after joining on a free transfer from German club Bayern Munich , and he followed former Rovers manager Mark Hughes to City . Who will be the bargain signings of the January sales ? But he initially struggled with injury and failed to impress Hughes ' successor Roberto Mancini as Carlos Tevez , Emmanuel Adebayor , Mario Balotelli and recent signing Edin Dzeko have taken precedence . Mancini has this week also allowed former England defender Wayne Bridge to join the Premier League 's bottom club West Ham on loan for the rest of this season . Blackburn have missed out with ambitious bids for Ronaldinho and David Beckham since Venky 's took over the club , but manager Steve Kean believes the move for Santa Cruz is proof of the Indian owners ' commitment to success . "  That is something that shows the fans we can now go and compete , and we can see off other teams -- not only in this country but abroad , " he said . Italian club Genoa have signed Argentina international striker Mauro Boselli on loan until the end of this season from struggling English club Wigan . The 25-year-old has struggled to make an impact since joining from Estudiantes , where he was top scorer in last season 's Primera Clasura . "  At the moment he is not in a position where he can help the club , and I am confident he will come back a better and stronger player after his stay in Italy , " Wigan 's Spanish manager Roberto Martinez told the club 's website . South Africa 's World Cup midfielder Steven Pienaar is expected to leave English club Everton after manager David Moyes revealed on Friday that a bid had been accepted for the player . The 28-year-old , who has been linked with Tottenham and Inter Milan , is out of contract at the end of this season , and has turned down a new deal . "  We have had two offers -- one of which has been accepted -- and we have given permission for his representatives to speak to the club involved , " Moyes told the Everton website .	Blackburn bring Roque Santa Cruz back to Ewood Park from Manchester City Paraguayan signs on loan until the end of this season , having left in mid-2009 Argentina international Mauro Boselli moves to Italy on loan with Genoa South Africa World Cup star Steven Pienaar expected to leave English club Everton
CNN  The U.S. Navy says its new laser weapon works and it will use it if it has to . The Office of Naval Research reported Wednesday that its laser weapons system -- dubbed LaWS -- had performed flawlessly in tests aboard the amphibious transport dock USS Ponce in the Arabian Gulf from September to November . "  Laser weapons are powerful , affordable and will play a vital role in the future of naval combat operations , " Rear Adm. Matthew L. Klunder , chief of naval research , said in a statement . "  We ran this particular weapon , a prototype , through some extremely tough paces , and it locked on and destroyed the targets we designated with near-instantaneous lethality . " Klunder said the laser performed so well that the commander of the Ponce is now authorized to use it in defense of the vessel , according to a report from the U.S. Naval Institute . "  The captain of that ship has all of the authorities necessary if there was a threat inbound to that ship to protect our sailors and Marines  and  we would defend that ship with that laser system , " Klunder is quoted as saying in a USNI report . The laser could be used to stop threats ranging from drones and helicopters to small patrol boats , Klunder said , according to the USNI report . Navy video released Wednesday shows the LaWS hitting exactly those types of targets . Watching the video , you ca n't see any light beam as you might expect from watching science fiction movies . Instead , the targets just burn up . The Navy says the laser weapon is safer than conventional arms that use propellants and explosive warheads , and more cost-effective . "  At less than a dollar per shot , there 's no question about the value LaWS provides , " Klunder said in the Navy statement . "  With affordability a serious concern for our defense budgets , this will more effectively manage resources to ensure our sailors and Marines are never in a fair fight . " The laser also takes fewer crew members to operate . It can be fired by one sailor using a video game-like controller . The weapon performed without failure in conditions of high wind , humidity and temperature , the Navy said . The Navy hopes to deploy variations of the laser weapon system in the fleet by 2020 .	Navy 's laser tested off ship in Persian Gulf from September to November Weapon fired by sailor using video game-like controller Laser costs less than $ 1 a shot
London  CNN  -- When I was driving through Poland last year , all the talk was about a Chinese company 's failure to complete a major motorway project . The contract was wrestled away from the Chinese and the Poles finished it themselves . The details , denials and counter-claims are n't important for this article ; far more interesting is the impact of any China-led project in Europe . Any news on such projects -- good or bad -- makes headlines . But the splash is bigger when such projects fail or when people starting mumbling about Chinese influence . What China does in Europe matters greatly , though rarely do I hear or read a positive story about China 's influence . When a Chinese company bought Volvo , it was the transfer of technology that made the headlines , along with the end of the era for a venerable European brand . When an Indian company bought Land Rover and Jaguar , Tata was hailed as the savior of two venerable European brands . Why is that ? The answer appears clear . We are equally fascinated and frightened by the rise of China 's economic and military prowess . The Chinese government 's recent trip to central Europe revealed that the hiccup in Poland has not slowed China 's plan to invest heavily in the former communist states . A $ 10 billion credit line will be used for infrastructure projects in Poland , Hungary and other countries . It was reported that the leaders of 16 central European countries met with Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao while in Poland . China 's tech giant Huawei is a growing power in the telecoms world . But any attempt it makes to expand in Europe , United States or Africa is met with fears of technology transfer to a firm linked to the Chinese military through its founder . Rightly so , governments fret over a "  foreign " firm controlling the hardware that is the backbone of modern society . In Huawei 's case , as the Economist recently pointed out in a front cover story , the fear is China illegally tapping into western communications , both government and private . Of course Huawei will say it 's a private company with no state control and simply wants to compete on a level playing field with the likes of Nokia-Siemens , Cisco and Ericsson . A change of leadership in Beijing will not have much impact in Europe . There is no reason to believe big changes will come from the top . Instead , change appears to be coming from the bottom . Rising wages and increased worker benefits might raise the prices of goods exported to Europe . It also helps to expand China 's middle class which appears to love European and American products . I recall growing up in America with worries about the rising power of Japan . All the products we desired were designed there or manufactured there , from video games players to VCRs and automobiles to the Walkman . With the wealth created , the Japanese were buying up property in California and buildings in New York . It was feared the rise of Japan 's economic prowess would never abate . But it did . Europe ca n't assume the same will happen with China . But the economies now are so interlinked that stingy European consumers quickly translates into weaker manufacturing output in China . That slowdown is dissected by European economists and , on any given day , it can cause stocks to fall , leading to the similar stock tumbles a few hours later on Wall Street . Recently Burberry noted a slowdown in sales in Asia , particularly in China -- its shares promptly fell 20 % . Perhaps it was an overreaction , but it shows investors are quite happy to plow money into companies with "  an Asian strategy " and then ignore it -- until there is a profit warning blamed on that same market . That goes to show Europe has to get comfortable with the growing influence of China on its shores . It can not expect its companies to grow in the Chinese market , then be surprised when enriched Chinese companies come shopping for European companies to buy . China needs to understand that it will take time for Europe to get comfortable with China 's investments . China has to make sure its investments and intentions are transparent . Oh , then there is that small matter of reciprocity .	CNN 's Jim Boulden writes he hardly hears positive stories about China 's influence in Europe Europe 's and China 's economies are intertwined A change of leadership in Beijing will not have much impact in Europe
CNN  -- New York police are searching for a man who stabbed two children , one fatally , in an elevator Sunday evening . Police described the man as a "  heavy set " black male , approximately 6 feet tall , between ages 25 and 35 , and last seen wearing a gray shirt . He stabbed a 6-year-old boy and a 7-year-old girl inside an elevator in their apartment building in the East New York neighborhood of Brooklyn and fled , police said . Prince Joshua "  PJ " Avitto , 6 , was stabbed in the torso and transported to a nearby hospital , where he was pronounced dead . The girl was also stabbed in the torso and remains in critical condition , according to police . New York Police Commissioner Bill Bratton said Monday that the two children were on their way to get ice cream when they were stabbed . "  The amount of violence we saw in an unusual weekend reinforces the need for an energized police department , " Bratton said . "  We can not have a city where two ... children going to get an ice cream are stabbed , one killed and the other fighting for her life . That is not the City of New York that we want to police . " Families of both children have been coping with grief and have struggled to comprehend the situation . "  It 's two children . It does n't make any sense , " said Scott Avitto , PJ 's uncle . "  We 're all just struggling , we 're trying to pull it together . Our family is strong , but we just want justice to be done . " "  Pray for her , and us . And pray for PJ 's family . This is senseless . I do n't know what monster would do something like this , " Regenia Trevathan , the girl 's great-grandmother , told CNN affiliate WCBS . She said adults were watching the children outside on a playground when they went inside the building alone to get ice cream . Avitto was related to Taj Gibson , a forward for the Chicago Bulls . Gibson tweeted Monday morning : "  They killed my lil super man . #rippj only two more weeks until your 7 birthday . Tears forever . " Gibson also posted a picture of Avitto to his Instagram account . PJ 's godfather Henry Alston said the boy 's funeral will be Friday . Police have recovered a Dura Edge knife that was used in the homicide . Investigators are considering the possibility that the suspect may also be responsible for another fatal stabbing that occurred just blocks away . Tanaya Copeland , 18 , was found in the same neighborhood Friday night , unconscious and unresponsive with multiple stab wounds to her torso . Copeland was pronounced dead at a nearby hospital , police said . The close proximity of the incidents , as well as similarities in the type of weapons used , have led detectives to believe the two cases may be related . No arrests have yet been made in either case , and the investigation is ongoing , police said . 12-year-old girls accused of stabbing friend CNN 's Adam Reiss contributed to this report .	A boy , 6 , and a girl , 7 , were stabbed in an elevator in a Brooklyn neighborhood The boy , Prince Joshua "  PJ " Avitto , died ; the girl is in critical condition , police say Police investigate whether the attack is related to a fatal stabbing in the same area
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- Jared Lee Loughner , the alleged gunman in last year 's mass shooting outside an Arizona supermarket in Tucson that killed six people and wounded then-U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , pleaded guilty Tuesday to 19 charges in exchange for the government not seeking the death penalty . Under the plea deal , Loughner will be sentenced to life in prison with no eligibility for parole , federal prosecutors said . His sentencing is scheduled for November 15 , prosecutors said . In court , Loughner also waived his right to pursue an insanity defense . "  My name is Jared Lee Loughner , " the defendant told the court when he held up his right hand under oath . Loughner calmly told the court he understood his guilty plea . "  Yes , that is correct , " he said . "  I 'm 23 years old , " he told the court . "  I attended college for five years at a community college . " Earlier Tuesday , Judge Larry Alan Burns found Loughner competent to stand trial in a federal court in Tucson . Warning signs of violence : What to do "  He 's a different person in appearance and affect , " the judge said about Loughner , who was present in the courtroom . "  He 's tracking today . He appears to assist his lawyers . Court 's own observations are that there 's no question he understands what 's happening today . " Loughner had been facing more than 50 federal charges , and the remaining offenses will be dropped in exchange for the guilty pleas if Loughner is sentenced within the terms of the plea agreement , according to the written agreement filed in court . Under the pleas , Loughner admitted guilt in the attempted assassination of Giffords and the murders of federal employees U.S. District Court Chief Judge John M. Roll , 63 , and congressional aide Gabriel M. Zimmerman , 30 , prosecutors said . Loughner also pleaded guilty to the attempted murders of federal employees and congressional aides Ronald S. Barber , 65 , and Pamela K. Simon , 63 , prosecutors said . Loughner also admitted causing the deaths of Christina-Taylor Green , age 9 ; Dorothy "  Dot " J. Morris , 76 ; Phyllis C. Schneck , 79 ; and Dorwan C. Stoddard , 76 , prosecutors said . Loughner admitted injuring with a Glock pistol 10 persons participating at an activity provided by the U.S. government and creating a grave risk of death to 13 more persons , prosecutors said . Prosecutors agreed to a plea deal -- and not to seek the death penalty -- after taking into account Loughner 's history of mental illness and the views of victims and their families . "  It is my hope that this decision will allow the Tucson community , and the nation , to continue the healing process free of what would likely be extended trial and pre-trial proceedings that would not have a certain outcome , " U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement . Fast facts : The Tuscon shooting U.S. Attorney John S. Leonardo in Arizona added : "  Given the defendant 's history of significant mental illness , this plea agreement , which requires the defendant to spend the remainder of his natural life in prison , with no possibility of parole , is a just and appropriate resolution of this case . " Walking with a bit of a slouch , Loughner cast a sneer at the packed gallery when he entered the courtroom . During the guilty plea proceedings , the gallery was quiet , with some people sniffing and wiping away tears . An order from the court indicating the planned change of pleas was released Monday . Loughner earlier had pleaded not guilty to the charges against him , including murder and attempted murder . The January 8 , 2011 , attack killed six people and wounded 13 others , including Giffords , who was holding a meet-and-greet event with constituents . Giffords , who was shot in the head , stepped down from her position in Congress in January 2012 to focus on her recovery . Ron Barber , an aide also wounded in the attack , now holds the seat . Giffords ' husband , Mark Kelly , said in a statement Tuesday that he and his wife are satisfied with the agreement . "  The pain and loss caused by the events of January 8 , 2011 are incalculable , " Kelly said . "  Avoiding a trial will allow us -- and we hope the whole Southern Arizona community -- to continue with our recovery and move forward with our lives . " Susan Hileman , 58 , who was wounded , said after the court proceedings that she was proud to be an American . "  This is the system doing its best . It 's not a perfect solution , " Hileman told reporters . "  This is the best that can be expected . " Loughner was facing the possibility of a death sentence if convicted . Dr. Christina Pietz , a forensic psychologist , told the judge Tuesday that Loughner is "  one of the worst " mentally ill patients she 's ever seen . But she continued , adding that Loughner has shown improvement and he 's no longer in restraints . "  He is competent to proceed , " Pietz told the court . He 's no longer hearing voices , and he has no difficulty in understanding , Pietz said . Loughner is rational and able to consult with his attorneys , she said . Loughner also understands that he will never leave prison and has told Pietz : "  I 'm 23 years old , this is it . This is my life . " Loughner is worried that he will be harmed by other inmates , but Pietz said she thinks Loughner would be all right in the general prison population . Loughner , however , is still on suicide watch , Pietz said . Pietz met Loughner in March 2011 and determined he had schizophrenia and was n't competent to participate in court proceedings . She was the first doctor to diagnose him with a psychotic disease , Pietz said . Loughner was disappointed and upset upon hearing the diagnosis , Pietz said . Loughner said he wished he would have taken medication and that things might have been different . He started taking medication for the first time on June 21 , 2011 , and over time , he expressed remorse about what he did , Pietz testified . By July 9 , 2011 , Loughner expressed regret and "  assassination remorse , " Pietz said . Loughner told Pietz that he was especially sad about the child killed in the shooting -- Christina Taylor Green , age 9 , who was remembered nationally because she was born on September 11 , 2001 . Loughner also spoke with Pietz about Giffords . Pietz testified that Loughner told her : "  I know she 's alive " and "  there 's no way she survived a shot to the head . " Loughner said he feels like he set out to do the shooting and failed , Pietz said . Loughner said if this is true , "  Jared is a failure , " according to Pietz . In discussion with prison officials , Loughner has said , "  I 'll never get out , " Pietz testified . Loughner likes his prison jobs and he gets paid for them , which is important for him , Pietz said . The work makes him feel proud to do well in something , Pietz said . Pietz recounted Loughner 's teenage years , saying that he appeared normal until age 16 . Then he showed symptoms of depression in 2006 , and his girlfriend broke up with him and a friend died , Pietz said . Loughner sought treatment and was diagnosed with depression , Pietz said . He saw a psychiatrist again after he was caught drunk at school , Pietz said . According to records , he did n't take his anti-depression medication , Pietz said . In high school , he began hearing voices and yelling out things in the classroom -- behaviors that are symptoms of schizophrenia , Pietz said . He wrote nonsensical things on the chalkboard , showed a disorganized thought process , and became obsessed with the Constitution , Pietz said . Friends feared he would commit suicide , Pietz said . Loughner became ostracized in high school , but at that point , there were no signs he would hurt anyone , Pietz said . Loughner 's mental condition has been central to much of the related court proceedings since the shooting . In February , a federal judge ruled Loughner could receive medical treatment for another four months . A psychologist found "  measurable progress " in the suspect 's condition . Previously on CNN.com : Citing ` progress , ' judge extends treatment for Arizona shooting suspect The medical treatment plan for Loughner was aimed at improving his mental state so he would be competent to stand trial . Loughner was declared incompetent to stand trial in May 2011 after an initial evaluation term at a federal mental hospital in Springfield , Missouri . In July 2011 , what officials described as bizarre and suicidal actions by Loughner while in custody pushed a federal appeals panel to allow authorities to force the defendant to take anti-psychotic medication . Prosecutors said then that Loughner had been deteriorating : He displayed screaming and crying fits that lasted hours , harmed himself and made claims that the radio was inserting thoughts into his head . His attorneys consistently fought court rulings that Loughner continue his treatment at the hospital . In November , defense attorney Ellis Johnston argued before a different federal judge that the side effects of the psychotropic drugs his client had been receiving during his court-ordered treatment may interfere with Loughner 's ability to work with his attorneys . But Assistant U.S. Attorney Christina Cabanillas said that Loughner "  could revert to being a danger to himself " if the medication were halted . Court documents released a few days after the shooting showed that investigators found a letter from Giffords in a safe at the house where Loughner lived with his parents , thanking him for attending a 2007 event . "  Also recovered in the safe was an envelope with handwriting on the envelope stating ' I planned ahead , ' and ` my assassination ' and the name ` Giffords , ' along with what appears to be Loughner 's signature , " the affidavit stated . Previously on CNN.com : Giffords ' successor , shooting survivor holds symbolic meet-and-greet Complete coverage : Gun control CNN 's Kyung Lah and Michael Cary , both in Arizona , and Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Loughner faces life in prison with no eligibility for parole , prosecutors say Jared Lee Loughner pleads guilty to 19 counts ; prosecutors wo n't seek death penalty Loughner is charged in the January 8 , 2011 , Tucson shooting that left six dead Then-U.S. Rep Gabrielle Giffords was among the 13 others wounded
CNN  -- At least 51 people have died and at least 21 others are missing after torrential rains and subsequent flooding pummeled the Philippines on Saturday , the government said . Filipino pedestrians in Quezon City , a suburb of Manila , brave Tropical Storm Ketsana 's floodwaters . Tropical Storm Ketsana spawned the flooding , which caused at least six of the deaths in Manila , the nation 's capital . Manila and the nearby province of Rizal bore the brunt of the downpour , said Gilberto Teodoro , secretary of national defense and chairman of the National Disaster Coordinating Council . Two of the dead in the capital city were victims of a wall that collapsed , he said . Five thousand people were rescued without boats , and another 3,688 were rescued with boats , he said . Another governmental official reported four injuries . "  My neighborhood rarely gets a bad flooding and I guess this is the worst , " said CNN iReporter Jv Abellar from Quezon City , Philippines . "  Traversing through the flood is like walking through rapids . " In all , 41,205 people had sought refuge in 92 evacuation centers , Teodoro said . By 8:30 a.m. Sunday  8:30 p.m. Saturday ET  , the torrential rains ended and slight rainfall was reported . Some roads in the capital metropolitan area had reopened , but "  we do not encourage people to travel these roads , " Teodoro told CNN in a telephone interview . "  They can be a hindrance to efficient relief and rescue operations . " The federal government began massive relief efforts to aid the local governments , and set up aid centers addressing pressing problems such as sanitation and water purification . President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo has ordered pay parking lots at malls in Manila to be opened so motorists can leave their cars there without charge , Teodoro said . iReport.com : Share images of Philippines flooding Manila 's Nino Aquino International Airport and nearly all of the country 's other international airports had reopened , he said . Though the Philippines is no stranger to floods , Saturday 's downpours approached a record , with 341 mm  13.4 inches  falling between 8 a.m. and 2 p.m. , he said . The average rainfall for the entire month of September is 391 mm  15.4 inches  , he said .	NEW : More than 50 are dead in Philippines in flooding from Tropical Storm Ketsana 5,000 rescued without boats , another 3,688 rescued with boats , official says In all , 41,205 people sought refuge in 92 evacuation centers , official says
CNN  -- At a hearing Tuesday before the Senate Banking Committee , federal officials said a bailout is needed immediately for the health of the U.S. economy . Sen. Christopher Dodd is chairing Tuesday 's hearing on President Bush 's proposed $ 700 billion bailout plan . Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke are urging the passage of a $ 700 billion bailout proposed by President Bush following the failure of financial institutions and frozen credit markets . The proposal , if adopted , would amount to the most sweeping economic intervention by the government since the Great Depression . Before the hearing , Sen. Christopher Dodd , a Connecticut Democrat who is the Banking Committee chairman , spoke Tuesday with "  American Morning 's " Kiran Chetry about whether the bailout is the right option and what may have contributed to the tumultuous economic environment . Kiran Chetry : You know talk about waking a sleeping giant -- we have almost 2,000 blog posts on CNNMoney.com about this bailout alone . Many people are outraged about it . They feel the government is spending $ 700 billion or more to reward bad behavior . What can you do to assure people that this is the right thing ? Sen. Christopher Dodd : Well , I 'm not sure it is at this point . That 's why we 're having this hearing this morning . We 'll have Secretary Paulson and Ben Bernanke , the chairman of the Federal Reserve , before the banking committee to explain this plan , why it 's necessary and where we go from here . They basically have asked for a blank check of $ 700 billion for the next several years here to buy a lot of bad instruments out there in these institutions . See what power Paulson would have if the bailout is approved " I have a lot of reservations . We 're trying to put some safeguards in it . I 'm angry as well . This did n't have to happen . It was not a natural disaster . It was a preventable , avoidable situation . We are where we are . Our economy is teetering . We 've been warned we 're very fragile . There could be a complete collapse . It needs to be straightened out or it could get worse . Pension funds , 401  k  s , jobs could be in worse shape . Chetry : You have a revised version yourself . We 'll get into what you 're talking about . Do you believe that in general a bailout needs to happen ? Dodd : Something needs to be done here . I do n't know if it 's at this magnitude or if ... the specifics of this -LSB- bailout plan -RSB- make the most sense . But clearly something needs to be done . We ca n't lurch from one weekend to another with one failed institution after another watching our economy decline , stock market collapse and the price of oil rise . It 's not just our own country ; this has global implications . Chetry : Let 's look at some of the things you want added or in some cases taken out . Under your -LSB- revised version of the bill -RSB- , you feel there should be some foreclosure assistance -- if Wall Street is getting some help , Main Street should be getting help , too , especially for those struggling homeowners . You want limits on executive compensation . You do n't want CEOs to get millions of dollars in packages for a failed company . You talk about an oversight board over the Treasury . Why are these so important to include , and what if they end up costing more ? Dodd : Well , let me tell you why . First of all , we have almost 10,000 foreclosures occurring every day . For the last 18 months on a daily basis , I 've had 65 hearings since July of 2007 begging the administration to do something about the foreclosure problem . They admitted today if you do n't deal with 10,000 foreclosures a day -- that 's the bulk of these bad debts that are out there -- so you need to do something about that to stop the hemorrhaging . That 's No. 1 . No. 2 , I wo n't give a check for $ 700 billion , for 41 days , to this secretary or any secretary without safeguards built in -- accountability , transparency , oversight . That 's just not going to happen . Watch CNN 's Lou Dobbs discuss whether the bailout would work " Thirdly , taxpayers deserve to be first in line in all of this . I 'm not going to write this at the end of the day -LSB- and -RSB- watch a handful of chief executives walk away with multimillion-dollar contracts . You 'll have people storming this building if we do n't understand that people are fed up with that kind of behavior . Chetry : You yourself said this is not a natural disaster , and a lot of people have been asking , "  Why did n't Congress see this coming ? " In fact , this is a quote from Henry Paulson , the treasury secretary , back in July . This was during the time of the Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac bailout . People thought that was the beginning and the end of this . He writes : "  Remember our economy has got very strong long-term fundamentals , solid fundamentals . Your policymakers are here ; regulators were being very vigilant . " How can the argument be made that they were vigilant when we see the bottom fall out of the market ? Dodd : Back in 2005 , -LSB- then-Rep . -RSB- Mike Oxley , along with -LSB- Rep. -RSB- Barney Frank and -LSB- Sen. -RSB- Paul Sarbanes , tried to do just that . The administration opposed the bill , and it was defeated on a party-line vote here in the Senate . I know the history very , very well . When you had cops on the beat not doing their job , basically an eight-year coffee break by and large . Where you had legislation on the books and legislation not being enforced . Where you had regulators sitting back as loans were being made with no documentation , luring people into subprime mortgages , predatory lenders taking advantage of the situation that 's how this all unfolded . It 's not a mystery . Chetry : ... I want to ask you is there anything in this bill ... to make sure this does n't happen again . All the things you listed -- the predator loans , everything that was taking place -- is there any room for regulation or more oversight in this bill ? Dodd : Probably not in this bill . We 're trying to act quickly . I 'm prepared to act quickly , but I 'm not going to act irresponsibly . If it takes longer , so be it . We 'll have a new election in 41 days , and a new secretary in a matter of five or six weeks , and we ca n't begin to guess who that might be . Turning over a check of this magnitude not only to this secretary , but his successor , I think would be the height of irresponsibility .	Sen. Christopher Dodd : "  We 're trying to put some safeguards " in plan Senator says he is n't sure bailout plan of this magnitude is right Dodd : Situation is a result of lax enforcement of rules , documentation in past Senator says lawmakers will act quickly but wo n't be irresponsible
In the latest volley in the ongoing battle over Florida voter lists , the Justice Department has sent a letter stating it will take legal action against the state , citing violations of voting rights laws . "  Because the State has indicated its unwillingness to comply with these requirements , I have authorized the initiation of an enforcement action against Florida in federal court , " said Thomas Perez , assistant attorney general for civil rights . Read the Justice Department 's letter The lawsuit comes after the department began questioning the legality of the state 's so-called voter purge program , which would remove names from Florida 's voter rolls months before the 2012 presidential election , when Florida will play a key role as a battleground state with a large chunk of electoral votes . Florida 's move to eliminate non-eligible voters from its lists began after the state 's Republican governor , Rick Scott , pressed the state to identify non-U.S. citizens who had registered to vote illegally . Using information from Florida 's Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles , the state identified more than 100,000 names of non-eligible voters that could potentially be on the lists illegally . Critics say the plan unfairly targets minorities and paint it as an attempt to dissuade typically Democratic voters from going to the polls . While the Justice Department notes that states can legally remove non-eligible voters from their lists , the letter Monday argues that the Florida program does not comply with legal standards , has "  critical imperfections , which lead to errors that harm and confuse eligible voters . " The letter states that the Florida program improperly uses the information collected from old driver 's license applications . "  The information is often going to be outdated , as a number of persons will subsequently have become citizens and lawfully registered to vote , " Perez wrote . It also suggests that the removal process has been going on during a "  90-day quiet period " prior to the August 14 primary election . "  Please immediately cease this unlawful conduct , " the letter states . Florida Gov. Rick Scott , a Republican , told Fox News Monday that the state plans to sue the Department of Homeland Security to get access to the federal citizenship database so that it can better determine who is voting legally . "  I have a job to do to defend legitimate voters of our state , " Scott said on Fox News . Three of the state 's largest counties -- Miami-Dade , Broward and Palm Beach -- agreed last week to end the removal of the names . The legal counsel for Florida 's county election officials recommended halting the purge of names until the state responded to the federal government 's legal assessment . Florida 's Republican-appointed secretary of state , Ken Detzner , has previously defended the state 's practice , slamming the federal government for restricting access to federal citizenship databases and saying such a constraint was illegal . "  It is an unfortunate but now undeniable fact that Florida 's voter rolls include individuals who are not citizens of the United States . The Florida Department of State has a solemn obligation to ensure the integrity of elections in this State , " Detzner wrote in the letter last week addressed to T. Christian Herren , head of the Justice Department 's elections unit .	Lawsuit threat comes after Florida began removing non-eligible voters from its voter rolls The state identified more than 100,000 names of non-eligible voters Critics say the plan unfairly targets minorities and uses inaccurate information
CNN  -- Military spouse Michelle Aikman has lived through five moves with her husband and their two young children . Currently living at Fairchild Air Force Base in Spokane , Washington , she has made each new town "  home " for her family while her husband has served overseas during 13 deployments . The moving boxes , the unfamiliar surroundings , the new schools , teachers and friends -- all are the norm for Aikman , her family , and thousands of military families across the nation . And so are the challenges facing military spouses like Aikman , who also pursue their own careers . In honor of Military Family Appreciation Month and the homage we pay to our veterans this week , we would like to offer tribute to America 's service members , their families and the myriad sacrifices they make for this country . The challenges they face are tremendous , which is why we are advancing solutions in the United States Congress to make life better for service members and their families . Five years ago , as friends and colleagues , we reached across the aisle and joined to form the bipartisan Congressional Military Family Caucus . Its mission is to advocate for military families like Aikman 's and draw attention to the challenges they face every day . Over the years , the caucus , which has over 40 members , has reached out to the entire House of Representatives to address such issues as education , health care , combating stress from multiple deployments , mental health , and military spouse employment . We also educate military families on available resources and promote related legislation before the Congress . Our caucus membership hails from coast to coast , and crosses political boundaries as well . Additionally , a corresponding Military Family Caucus has been formed in the Senate . Together , we work with first lady Michelle Obama and Dr. Jill Biden 's "  Joining Forces " project , as well as interface with numerous service organizations like the National Military Family Association , Blue Star Families , the Military Officer Association of America , the Wounded Warrior Project , and the Military Child Education Coalition to successfully support military families . Both of us have personal experiences with military families . One of us married the daughter of a 20-year career U.S. Army veteran , and one of us married a retired 26-year career U.S. Navy officer . Both our families have a deep understanding and connection to the struggles facing spouses and children coping with continual deployments and rotations . Through living these experiences and hearing their stories , we have garnered a deep appreciation for the tremendous responsibilities that military families like Aikman 's take on every single day . Aikman knew that life as a military spouse would bring its own unique set of challenges . She did not realize , however , that finding a specialized job in her profession would be nearly impossible as her family moved across the country . Trained as an engineer , Aikman needed state-specific licensing in order to qualify for many positions -- meaning each time she moved , she needed to meet each state 's experience standards . Eventually Aikman made the difficult decision to change career paths to provide for her family , and now works as a career consultant and draws attention to how difficult it can be for military spouses to find employment . Aikman 's challenge is not unique to her . Half of working military spouses need licensing or certification for their employment . Since almost 80 % of military families have moved across state lines at least once in the past five years , it 's no wonder military spouses have some of the highest unemployment rates in the country . In Congress , we are working to better understand the trials military spouses like Aikman face . We recently offered an amendment to evaluate the Military Spouse Employment Program 's progress in helping military spouses find jobs , which passed through the House this May . It is vital to better understand how the program is being used , who is using it and whether the jobs obtained match applicants ' skill sets , education and experience , to address unemployment and underemployment for our military spouses . In a political environment often stuck in gridlock , it is not often that you hear of Democrats and Republicans working together -- yet every year we host a Military Family Summit where we hear directly from military families in order to better understand their challenges . We also connect them with local employers , health care providers , support leaders and advocates . We listen , and we learn . We bring their voices back to Washington and share their stories with our colleagues . These families have given so much and have gone through more than most of us can imagine , and so this Military Family Appreciation Month -- and every month -- we will be doing all that we can to stand behind them and honor their sacrifices , so they may in turn continue to keep America strong . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	House members put aside partisanship in support of military families Authors : Military spouses struggle with maintaining careers as families move They say state-specific licensing rules can make it extremely difficult for spouses ' careers We owe military families as much support as we can give them , authors say
CNN  -- Americans are forgoing medical attention in the face of high health-care costs , a new consumer health survey has found . The high cost of medical care and treatment has some sick people opting out of treatment , a survey finds . Specifically , 24 percent of people polled in the 2009 Deloitte Survey of Health Care Consumers decided not to seek medical care when they were sick or injured . The largest subgroups were those who were uninsured  36 percent  , and those between ages 28 and 44 , referred to as "  Gen Y " respondents in the survey  37 percent  . Two-fifths of the people who did n't see a doctor when they needed one did so because of the high cost of care . They either did n't have medical insurance coverage or they perceived the cost of such care to be excessive , according to the survey , which was released early Tuesday to CNN by the Deloitte Center for Health Solutions , a nonpartisan , independent research center . "  Costs are impacting the system , and it 's changing how we respond to our health care , " said Paul Keckley , executive director of the center . In addition to data about how many Americans fail to seek necessary medical care because of high costs , another theme that emerged in the survey focused on consumers ' dissatisfaction with the nation 's health-care system :  94 percent of respondents said they believe health-care costs threaten their own financial security .  More than half said they think 50 percent or more of the money spent by Americans on health care is a waste .  Only 6 percent indicated their own family is totally prepared to shoulder the financial burden they expect to face . Not only are Americans putting off health care and facing increasing dissatisfaction , they are also shopping around for better deals on doctors ' fees , prescription medication prices or health insurance plans to cut costs , according to the survey . There has been a lot of perceived loyalty and commitment in health care , Keckley said , and many providers think patients will stay with them . "  This study suggests that people really do n't -LSB- stay -RSB- , " Keckley added . "  And that 's surprising . " Despite the desire to shop around and gather more information to make improved decisions about their health-care choices , the abundance of options also can be baffling , says Kathleen Stoll , deputy director of Families USA . The group is a nonprofit , nonpartisan health care advocacy organization that regularly advises consumers on choosing insurance coverage plans . "  People weigh the costs of deductibles versus premiums , and these options can be confusing . They are asking themselves , ` What is it that I can afford in the family budget ? ' I sense a lot of people feeling unnerved by having to choose less -LSB- insurance -RSB- coverage because that 's all they can afford , " Stoll told CNN . The survey also underscored Americans ' receptiveness to innovations that potentially lower costs and offer greater convenience , pointing toward growing preferences for options such as retail walk-in primary care clinics in drug stores , medical tourism  high-quality , relatively inexpensive medical procedures obtained abroad  and Web-based medical services  often referred to as e-visits  . Sampling a nationally representative group of more than 4,000 adults using a Web-based questionnaire , the survey was funded by the center 's parent company , Deloitte LLP , which has a wide range of clients in the health care industry . The center released its first version of the annual survey results in 2008 . Last month , the nonprofit Kaiser Family Foundation released its own health-care survey findings , with even greater numbers reflecting cutbacks in spending on medical services and treatments . According to the report , more than half of American households scaled back health-care spending in the previous 12 months before the survey , which was conducted in early February . Families relied on home remedies and over-the-counter medications instead of going to the doctor about 35 percent of the time , and they skipped visits to the dentist 34 percent of the time .	Survey finds 24 % of respondents skip medical care when they 're sick or injured Largest groups affected by high prices : uninsured and people between 28 and 44 Deloitte Survey also finds people shopping around for best prices Other trends : walk-in clinics in drug stores and medical tourism in cheaper nations
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  A suicide bomber rammed an explosive-laden vehicle into an army convoy Sunday in the heart of Mogadishu , Somalia , killing four civilians and three soldiers in addition to himself , police said . The al Qaeda-linked Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility through its spokesman Sheikh Ali Dheere . The convoy was carrying U.S.-trained special forces when it was targeted near a vegetable market , Capt. Mahad Abdi , a Somali police officer , told CNN . What is Al-Shabaab ?	Four civilians and three soldiers were killed , Somali police say Al Qaeda-linked Al-Shabaab militants claimed responsibility
Washington  CNN  -- Protesting members of the controversial Westboro Baptist Church were met with an unlikely group of counter-protesters Monday at Arlington National Cemetery . Hours before President Barack Obama led the nation 's Memorial Day observances at the Tomb of the Unknowns , three members of the Westboro Baptist Church were challenged by others who disagreed with them -- including members claiming to be from the Ku Klux Klan . The Kansas-based church has attracted nationwide attention for its angry , anti-gay protests at the funerals of U.S. military members . Among those counter-protesting at the cemetery 's main entrance : About 10 members of a group that claims to be a branch of the Ku Klux Klan from Virginia called the Knights of the Southern Cross . They were cordoned off separately in a nearby area , but drew little attention as they gave out small American flags behind a banner that read "  POW-MIA . " They said they were there to object to the Westboro Baptist Church 's anti-troop message . "  It 's the soldier that fought and died and gave them that right to free speech , " said Dennis LaBonte , the self-described "  Imperial Wizard " of the KKK group that he said he formed several years ago . "  That 's fine , " said Abigail Phelps , the daughter of Westboro Baptist Church founder Fred Phelps . "  They have no moral authority on anything . "  People like them say it 's white power ... white supremacy , " Phelps said . "  The Bible does n't say anywhere that it 's an abomination to be born of a certain gender or race . " LaBonte insisted he is not a racist nor a "  hate-monger , " but said he believes the white race is "  slowly and most assuredly being denigrated . " Members of the group declined to say whether they were armed . A larger group of about 70 protesters -- separate from the KKK -- located across the street waved pro-USA signs and took turns shouting down the Westboro Baptist Church group . Some of the counter-protesters , including Malaika Elias , stood in front of the Westboro participants in an attempt to block them from street view . "  I think they 're twisted and confused , and we 're just here to show them there are people who think they 're completely wrong , " Elias said . Many passersby shouted their thanks to the counter-protesters as they entered the cemetery on foot and in vehicles . Several police officers , some on horseback , observed the proceedings . Phelps said her trio was there to tell people they should not "  idolize " the dead , especially those who died for an "  unrighteous cause . "	Kansas group has 3 people at cemetery , saying dead should not be idolized 70 counter-protesters shout them down , try to block them from view 10 others opposing church group claim to be KKK branch
CNN  -- Steven Soderbergh 's movie "  Contagion , " which opened in theaters Friday , speaks to globalization in an era when risk is shared by the entire planet , but benefits remain prioritized to exclusive , usually wealthy populations . This terrible global risk/benefit calculus means viruses may now swiftly enter every region of the world , but the protective gear , treatments and vaccines necessary to save lives remain primarily available to lucky residents of the United States , Canada , Western Europe , Japan and a handful of other countries . There is no governing structure for a pandemic , and little more than vague political pressure to ensure limited access to life-sparing tools and medicines for more than half the world population . "  Contagion " is an action-thriller about the outbreak of a deadly virus . The producers behind "  Contagion " asked me to serve as a consultant because I wrote "  The Coming Plague " in the 1990s and worked as a reporter in at least 20 epidemics , including those of HIV in the 1980s , Ebola and SARS . From my very first meeting with "  Contagion " director Soderbergh and screenwriter Scott Z. Burns , I stressed that the days when epidemics could be tackled locally had long passed . I argued that the movie had to demonstrate that disease threats in the 21st century are global threats , but the world lacks an appropriate system of governance and trade to permit a genuinely equitable response . Without equity , pandemic battles will fail . Viruses will simply recirculate , and perhaps undergo mutations or changes that render vaccines useless , passing through the unprotected populations of the planet . A man lucky enough to receive an effective vaccine against a new viral threat in Los Angeles may be re-exposed a year later to a mutated version of that germ that circulated among unimmunized populations in poor countries , only to slam North America in a second wave . That is what happened with influenza in 1918 , which spread across Europe in a mild form , returning months later in its terrifying virulence and killing more than 50 million people  by recently adjusted estimates perhaps 100 million people  . Those who see "  Contagion " will recognize these themes in its plot : Chinese villagers clamor for vaccines , Internet users gravitate to false claims and order anything they think may help , the entire world sees the pandemic unfold on TV and the Internet and grows universally fearful . Fear spreads globally , even as governments fail in their ineptitude and exhaustion , with police , fire , public health and political leaders themselves falling victim to the virus . Drs. Larry Brilliant and Ian Lipkin , the other scientific consultants to "  Contagion " and I did everything we could to make the movie accurate . But of course it is not a documentary , and the events depicted have , thankfully , not transpired . What audiences see is the best rendition of events likely to unfold in such a pandemic as can be estimated , based on how governments , public health leaders , scientists , drug companies , communities , law enforcement and international agencies have responded to recent outbreaks of less virulent germs . The hypothetical MEV-1 in "  Contagion " is based in parts of the Nipah virus that first surfaced in Malaysia in 1998 , the Chinese SARS outbreak of 2003 , H1N1 swine flu in 2009 , Ebola in Kikwit in 1995 and government reactions to the anthrax mailings of 2001 . It is part fantasy , part reality and totally possible . As was believed by many in 2000 of the idea of al Qaeda successfully attacking the United States , and in 2004 of the likelihood the levees protecting New Orleans would collapse , the ideas shown in "  Contagion " constitute a low probability event that would have high consequences . Assessing how likely such things as the 9/11 attack and Katrina are and determining how to prepare and respond are the jobs of government . But governance is a tricky concept . A country may be authoritarian , even brutal , but govern its infrastructure quite well . Of course , the preferred goal is democracy that is well guided , resilient and strong . We live in a time , however , when people are angry at their governments , both locally and nationally , and austerity is the maxim in all but the over-heated emerging markets of China , Brazil and perhaps India and Indonesia . "  Government " is the official dirty word of most of the candidates for the Republican nomination for president of the United States . Internationally , mechanisms of global health governance are very weak . The World Health Organization is running a $ 1 billion budget deficit , laying off more than 20 % , or 300 , of its employees this year . Among the other players in the multilateral health picture only GAVI , the alliance responsible for child vaccinations , is financially stable and has vibrant leadership . Most other global health entities are struggling , both financially and politically . In the United States , politicians post-2001 grew tired of our Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , long the world 's premier disease-fighter . As I delineate in my new book , "  I Heard the Sirens Scream : How Americans Responded to the 9/11 and Anthrax Attacks , " political leaders blamed the CDC for failures in the response to the anthrax mailings . By the end of the Bush administration , Congress tilted in a new direction , demanding spending on obesity and diabetes . Under the Obama administration , the CDC is led by the very able Dr. Thomas Frieden , but congressional mandates have shifted its resources and focus from epidemics and outbreaks to obesity management and chronic disease issues . Billions of dollars were spent post-2001 to create systems of high security laboratories around the world , and stockpiles of vaccines and drugs . But the biggest chunk of change in that pursuit went for smallpox readiness , despite the dearth of evidence that al Qaeda or any other terrorist entity possessed smallpox with intent to use the germ as a weapon . All the fancy technology invented post-anthrax will be of little use against a previously unknown , novel entity as depicted in "  Contagion . " Moreover , technology for public health is useless if the workforce of doctors , nurses , lab technicians , scientists and other public health workers is weak . In these recessionary times , public health budgets are falling to budget axes from Maine to Manila . When moviegoers watch "  Contagion , " I hope they will ask themselves a few very important questions and demand answers from their leaders . When an outbreak occurs , what agency is responsible for spotting it , assessing the threat and responding ? If World Health Organization funding is diminished and its staffing cut , what organization deals with governing global responses and striving for equitable access to the treatments and vaccines ? When lies and exploitation fill the internet , how can health leaders counter the deceptions , conspiracy theories and profiteering ? When drug companies push pandemic exigencies aside amid concerns about profit-losses , what government can exert appropriate pressure to get billions of doses of drugs and vaccines made in a rapid , safe manner ? "  Contagion " should serve as a wake-up call not only about the germs , but perhaps more importantly about the frailty of governance , nationally and worldwide . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Laurie Garrett .	Laurie Garrett says movie "  Contagion " shows global risk of pandemic shared by rich , poor She says without global equity in the ability to respond , everyone would be affected She says politics , economy have lead to shifting priorities , leaving world poorly prepared Garrett : Movie a warning : Global coordinated , equitable response to a pandemic needed
Memphis , Tennessee  CNN  -- Diagnosed last year with diabetes , the Rev. Dan Henley point-blank refused the medicine his physician initially suggested to regulate his out-of-whack blood sugar . "  When I got the diagnosis , I said ' I do n't receive that . ' My doctor said , ' I do n't care if you receive or not , you 've got diabetes . ... I 'll give you 90 days to control it on your own , " recounts Henley , 50 , pastor of Journey Christian Church in Memphis , Tennessee . The city is home to more obese people than any other American city , according to the Gallup Well-Being Index . At the start of that 90-day countdown , Henley , his two daughters and , marginally , his wife devised their own "  biggest loser " contest . They nixed a whole slew of comparatively high-calorie , low-nutrient favorite foods from their grocery list , ramped up their exercise -- and started talking , more candidly than ever , about how overconsumption of certain fare causes illness , injury and premature death . "  I used to have this slogan : ` I 'm 280 pounds of cornbread - , collard green-eating man , ' " says the 6-foot-2 Henley . "  And the bigger I got , the more I laughed it off . Then , I got this wake-up call . " Now 27 pounds lighter than he was a year ago -- and with his blood sugar levels now normal -- Henley also is founder and lead facilitator of Church Developers Network , one in an arsenal of organizations immersed in a community-wide campaign to move Memphis out of that notorious No. 1 slot . More to the point , the organized Tennesseans say they aim to be exemplars of health and fitness in a nation where obesity is so pervasive that many a municipality finds itself only fractionally behind Memphis on the obesity rankings . Girl loses 65 pounds in fight against childhood obesity That 80 pastors of Memphis megachurches and modest congregations alike attended the network 's last monthly meeting is a marker of progress in what is -- by consensus of a complement of doctors , dietitians , public health experts , politicians and grass-roots organizers -- a tough but winnable fight against fat in Tennessee . It 's true that a special ambulance designed to ferry up to 1,800 pounds of human flesh broke down within months of hitting the road earlier this year in Memphis . But it 's also true that the city and surrounding Shelby County -- 650,000 of the county 's 935,000 residents are Memphians -- are forging ahead in a fitness effort that has yielded a record number of bike paths and farmers ' markets . The "  greenline " is hundreds of miles of multiuse trails for runners , bikers , walkers , strollers and such being developed on old Union Pacific Railway easements . There are "  shared areas of fitness , " or SAFE zones , and a push for more sidewalks in a car-dependent region not known for being pedestrian-friendly . "  In a city and region where deep-frying is an art form and barbecuing pork is almost a religious experience , we have made some notable steps in promoting healthy living and lifestyles , " says Mayor A.C. Wharton Jr. , one of several elected officials who have backed what he terms an "  every nook and cranny " approach to fighting fat . More than a third of residents in Memphis are obese , which the federal Centers for Disease Control defines as having a body mass index of 30 or higher . That translates , as one example , into a 5-foot-9-inch adult who weighs 203 or more pounds . People age 19 and younger with a BMI higher than 95 % or more of their peers are considered obese . Memphis ' protracted work against that scourge appears to be paying off . After exceeding the statewide obesity rate for all but four years since 1997 , Shelby County 's tally of overweight adults dropped below the statewide rate in 2011 , according to the Institute for Obesity & Metabolism at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine . That year , 61.5 % of adults countywide and 66.5 % of adults statewide were obese , according to Joan Randall , the institute 's administrative director and executive director of the Tennessee Obesity Task Force . The institute does not calculate city-by-city rates . Video : Corner stores help clean up obesity in Philadelphia Vanderbilt demographers caution that two years of data are needed to affirm that what 's going on in Shelby County is a bona fide trend . If it is , the change results from clarifying what 's at stake , says Renee Frazier , chief executive officer of the decade-old Healthy Memphis Common Table , one of the nation 's 50 regional health improvement collaboratives . Such groups convene physicians , employers , hospitals , insurers and others with the goal of optimizing community health . Healthy Memphis is the sole such collaborative in the Mid-South . "  We 've certainly captured the attention of policy-makers on this issue , " Frazier says . But policy-makers alone wo n't be the deciding factor in areas such as Memphis and Shelby County . There , African-Americans comprise 52.3 % of residents , whites 43.6 % , Latinos 5.8 % , Asians 2.4 % and those from other races make up less than 1 % . A fifth of the population -- across lines of race , though the poor disproportionately are black and brown -- lives at or below the federal poverty level . "  There is such a correlation between poverty and obesity , " says Vanderbilt 's Randall . "  People who are poor try to stretch their budget by buying cheaper food , processed food . They also live in pockets of metropolitan or rural areas where they do n't necessarily have access to healthy food . ... There 's also a correlation between physical activity and income level . " With sufficient education on topics including health and nutrition also lacking , especially among the poor , says Healthy Memphis ' Frazier , battling the bulge requires help from many sectors . A food truck vendor at an 800-person 2012 holiday party that Healthy Memphis helped arrange on behalf of Leadership Memphis ended up modifying his recipes after Healthy Memphis ' dietitians revealed the caloric and nutritional values of what he was serving . Your brain on food : Obesity , fasting and addiction "  We 're trying to establish a practice , " says Connie Binkowitz , Healthy Memphis ' manager of equity and neighborhood transformation . "  It 's to jar people enough for them to begin to think , ` Oh , I did n't even know that ' and , from there , to make adjustments . " In addition to those vendors , Frazier and Binkowitz cite the activities of such grass-roots players as retired corporate cost-accountant Adonna Collins , 77 , a full-time volunteer who donates time to , among others , Healthy Memphis . For a nonrelated charity fundraiser this Christmas , Collins is replacing the refined sugar and some of the water in her tried-and-true recipe for strawberry cake with frozen strawberries sweetened artificially and selling that version . She once enlisted fellow shoppers ' help in a successful yearlong bid to get the Kroger store where she has been shopping since 1961 to re-stock its shelves with fruit canned in natural juices instead of high-fructose corn syrup . She has dropped 40 pounds from a 5-foot-3-inch frame that carried 238.6 pounds at its peak . Her goal ? "  Skinny , " she says , then guffaws . "  Or , really , 130 pounds , which , on me , really is n't skinny . ... Mainly , I 'm determined to feel good -- and even now , I tend to feel good -- and to share what I 've learned about the glycemic index and so on . " Broadly speaking , that 's an apt communal approach , says the Rev. Dr. Scott Morris , the physician-founder of Church Health Center Wellness , which operates pay-what-you-reasonably-can medical clinics for the uninsured and working poor and similarly priced memberships to its two-story , state-of-the-art gym , 10 minutes ' drive from downtown Memphis . Every member gets a monthly consultation with a trainer and nutritionist at Church Health , where blood pressure gauges are on the gym floor . Center staffers run the tests and keep files of members ' fitness trajectories . Health care costs to bulge along with U.S. waistlines "  We expect the people to work this program , " says Morris , a family practitioner and pastor of Memphis ' St. John 's United Methodist Church . "  This is not a place to come and get on the treadmill with your headphones on . There are probably 10 people here at this very moment who weigh 300 pounds . ... We also probably have more success stories than I can count . " Church Health has a mind-body-spirit ethos , says Morris , the doctor who diagnosed Henley 's diabetes . It considers the everyday financial , social and cultural concerns that can and sometimes do factor into obesity . Collectively , the Henley clan has dropped 97 pounds thus far .  Henley 's youngest daughter , a college freshman , leads the pack , shedding 50 pounds . At 5 feet 8 inches tall , she used to weigh 230 pounds . "  The data shows that Memphis is one of the most obese cities in the nation . When I look around , I see that . I saw it on myself , " Henley says . "  Even now , I 'm still overweight and I 'm still working at this . ... We saw what could happen within our own family , then we took it to our church , to other churches . The Bible says ` People perish for lack of knowledge . ' Sometimes we 're just ignorant to things . ... That ignorance is part of what we 're trying to change . " Like CNN Health on Facebook	More than a third of Memphis ' residents are obese Church leaders and other groups are determined to slim Memphis down "  We have made some notable steps in promoting healthy living , " the mayor says Grass-roots activists are also playing a role
CNN  -- Iranian citizens who support peaceful change that will allow them to enjoy their human rights expect the international community , and in particular the United Nations , to hold the Islamic Republic to account . The new session of the U.N. Human Rights Council began on March 1 . A failure of the world 's most influential human rights body to deal with the abuse of human rights in Iran will be interpreted by Tehran as a green light for the government 's brutal policies that could result in more executions of political prisoners . Scores of peaceful demonstrators have been killed on the streets or in prison since the disputed June 2009 presidential elections . Four political prisoners have been executed and others , including 20-year-old Mohammad Amin Valian , who has been convicted of "  enmity against God " for throwing rocks at a demonstration , face death penalties . More than 1,000 Iranians are behind bars for expressing their political views . Leading politicians and clerics are calling for the harshest sentences for more of these prisoners . In February , Iran 's human rights record was examined under the Universal Periodic Review procedure . A number of U.N. members expressed deep concern about post-election abuses and chronic problems such as torture , the execution of juvenile offenders and discrimination against women . Other countries praised Iran 's progress in improving social welfare . At the end of the exercise , Iran rejected outright recommendations to end juvenile executions , end torture , release illegally detained persons , and prosecute officials guilty of rape , torture and murder in prisons . They rejected recommendations to end legal discrimination against women . They rejected the idea of inviting U.N. special rapporteurs -- none of whom as has been allowed to visit Iran since 2005 -- to examine the allegations . While atrocities since June have horrified people around the world , leading to demonstrations by more than 50,000 people in 110 cities last summer , Iran seems , astonishingly , to be strengthening its standing in the Human Rights Council . The 47 member states have shown no willingness to hold a special session , as many international human rights experts have recommended , nor have they supported the idea of a special U.N. envoy to look into the situation , and to press Iran to abide by its commitments . One reason seems to be that the international community is preoccupied with persuading Iran to keep its nuclear development program from creating an atomic weapon . Even without a bomb , Iran already seems to have achieved a form of nuclear deterrence : The nuclear issue creates conflict that justifies police state methods to keep the population under control , while reducing international pressure to end such abuses , which other states fear will spoil delicate negotiations . The strategy is working for the Iranian government . Now they have their sights set on gaining a place on the Human Rights Council itself in elections by the U.N. General Assembly that will take place in May . The failure of the Human Rights Council to take serious action to condemn Iran 's human rights abuses , and the election of Iran to the Human Rights Council itself , will be deeply disillusioning for the reform and human rights movement in Iran . It could destroy their faith in the international human rights system , for which many have sacrificed their freedom and security , and for which many have died . It will give legitimacy to hanging political prisoners , and more will be hanged . But this issue is not just about Iran . It is about the capacity of the U.N. system to protect human rights . If Iran 's grave abuses are ignored and if Iran assumes a place on the council , the council will be further weakened . Other dictatorial regimes will be emboldened to repress their citizens . That is why it is crucial that members of the U.N. Human Rights Council make it clear to Iran , in a resolution that can not be brushed off , that torturing and executing political prisoners is not acceptable . And that is why the U.N. General Assembly must reject Iran 's candidacy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hadi Ghaemi and Aaron Rhodes .	Co-authors say U.N. Human Rights Council has yet to take serious action against abuses in Iran They say many protesters against conduct of election have been killed or jailed Iran is seeking to gain a seat on the Human Rights Council Co-authors says seating Iran would be a betrayal of that nation 's civil rights movement
CNN  -- It was a dark , windy and rainy night when Per Johansson returned from work to his home in Saro just south of Gothenburg , Sweden . "  It was raining really bad . In the wind I heard something screaming with a very dark voice , " Johansson told CNN . "  At first I wondered if it was the crazy neighbors , but then I heard it again and went and checked . I saw something really big up in a tree in my neighbors ' yard and it was a moose . It must have been drunk after eating fermented apples and as it was reaching out for more fruit it must have slipped and fallen into the tree . " Johansson called the local fire and rescue department , which responded with a fire engine and a jeep with a winch . "  We got the alarm at 9.59 p.m. on September 6 that a moose was stuck in a tree , " said Anders Gardhagen , spokesman at the Gothenburg Fire and Rescue Services . "  When we arrived we used the winch to bend down the apple tree so the moose could get himself out of the tree . Once free , the moose collapsed on the ground and fell asleep . So we let him sleep it off and went back home " Gardhagen told CNN . "  Moose are attracted by the apple trees , and in the autumn when the apples have fallen off the trees we normally have at least one of these cases of intoxication . These apples , which ferment in their bellies , are n't part of their natural food , so they can get quite angry from this drunkenness , " Gardhagen said . Johansson 's son , Gustav , who is about to turn 11 , made sure to take lots of pictures of the ordeal . "  He is saving up to buy a PlayStation so he thought he would take pictures that he could sell , " Johansson said . CNN purchased three of Gustav 's pictures . When dawn came the day after it was freed from the tree , the moose had not yet left . "  When I went out for the newspaper it was still laying there on the ground , sleeping . By the time I left for work it was walking around the neighbor 's yard on very shaky legs . " Johansson said . "  Today the moose came back and walked around the yard , " he added . "  I think it likes it here . "	"  I saw something really big up in a tree , " Per Johansson says , "  and it was a moose " A rescue team uses a winch to bring the moose down Fermenting apples led to intoxication , a rescue official says
Claiming that even the prison in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , is air conditioned , prisoners in Texas have filed a federal lawsuit over soaring temperatures in state prisons that they say have killed at least 12 prisoners in the last three years . The suit , filed by the Texas Civil Rights Project and the University of Texas School of Law Civil Rights clinic on behalf of the prisoners , is n't seeking monetary damages . It seeks cooler temperatures for the prisoners . Eighty-eight degrees to be exact . The lawsuit , broadly concerned about the lack of air conditioning across state facilities , centers on a facility in Navasota , Texas , known as the Wallace Pack Unit . Located about 70 miles northwest of Houston , the facility houses about 1,400 men . As of January , the compliant said , 114 men over the age of 70 were housed there . They have no air conditioning , and the windows which do open provide little relief , the suit claims , leading to temperatures inside that often exceed those outside . And outside it 's hot . The suit cites internal data from the Texas Department of Criminal Justice which found that over the past three years the mercury topped 100 degrees Fahrenheit . "  Stainless steel tables in the inmate dormitories become hot to the touch " the complaint reads and "  prisoners have to lay towels down on the table to rest their elbows while sitting . " In addition to the older inmates , the complaint said a number of men have various underlying medical conditions that make them especially vulnerable to heat stroke , like 69-year-old Marvin Yates , who has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and hypertension . "  I do n't know if I will make it this summer . The heat and humidity are so bad inside I have trouble breathing , " said Yates , one of three named plaintiffs , in a press release announcing the lawsuit . The lawsuit alleges some 20 deaths since 1998 and details names , ages and internal body temperatures of the victims , including cases where the body temperature recorded was well over 100 degrees . One man , 45-year-old Rodney Adams , died one day after his arrival . His internal temperature registered 109.9 . There is air conditioning in some parts of the facility . The law library , education building and visitation center all are equipped with air conditioning , according to the complaint , but the inmates are "  rarely allowed " in these areas . The complaint also said that the warden 's office and other administrative buildings have air conditioning . County prisons also have air conditioning . Texas statute mandates those jails keep temperatures between 65 and 85 degrees inside , but the state system , according to the complaint , has no such requirement . The lawsuit alleges the conditions violate federal law and the inmate 's constitutional rights against cruel and unusual punishment . Men treated worse than pigs ? The lawsuit alleges that hogs on Texas Department of Criminal Justice property receive better treatment than the prisoners . "  TDCJ policy requires temperatures be kept no higher than 85 degrees to ensure ` pig comfort , ' " the suit said , adding that the department begins "  to cool the pigs when the temperature goes above 74 degrees to keep the pigs ` comfortable . ' " Jason Clark , a spokesman for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice , said the department could n't comment on pending legislation . But he did spell out what the agency does to "  mitigate temperature extremes . " The agency provides water and allows for additional showers "  when feasible . " Clark also said the staff is trained to identify "  offenders susceptible to heat-related issues . " Guards not immune But according to the complaint the staff may also need to identify heat-related issues for one another , since they also have to go into the hot rooms of the prison . "  The correctional officer 's union has made numerous public requests for the prison housing areas to be air conditioned , " the complaint said , detailing one female guard who suffered heat exhaustion and dehydration . The plaintiffs said the situation has led to the correctional officer 's union lending public support to the suit . Clark said the department does n't have the money to make changes , conceding "  a detailed cost analysis has not been done . "	Prisoners do n't want monetary damages ; they want prisons cooled to 88 degrees Lawsuit centers on facility located north of Houston that houses 1,400 men Plaintiffs allege that the heat in the prisons has killed 20 men since 1988 Prison spokesman said department does what it can to "  mitigate temperature extremes "
CNN  -- Since the revolution in 1959 Cuba has been many things to many people , but the collapse of the Soviet Union meant few have seen the island state as a vision of the future . But that could be changing -- at least in one aspect . Cuba experienced a reordering of its food production in the early 1990 's . A boom for organic foods , but problems persist . As worries grow in developed nations about a future without plentiful supplies of oil , the communist republic is proving to be an increasingly popular example of how to cope when the spigots run dry , for the simple reason : they 've already been there . With the loss of supplies from oil-rich Russia in 1991 , and a U.S. embargo preventing imports from elsewhere , Cuba was plunged into a severe recession in the early 1990 's , referred to as "  the Special Period . " Suddenly society was faced with dramatically reduced amounts of hydrocarbon energy , and the result was a fundamental reorganization of food production , leading to a boom in urban organic agriculture , which requires fewer inputs than conventional farming . Despite the increase in organic production , problems remain for Cuba 's agricultural system and ability to feed itself with local produce . "  Some estimates of the amount of food imports in Cuba go as high as 80 percent of domestic consumption , " says CNN 's Havana Bureau Chief , Morgan Neill . "  This is n't to say that small scale organic farmers could n't learn for isolated growers , but Cuba 's overall agriculture is one of the government 's biggest problems . " Cuba 's organic example , however , has been a source for inspiration for many outside of the country , such as the UK-based Cuban Organic Solidarity Group  COSG  . "  With the collapse of the Soviet Union Cuba was in a position where no-one thought it would survive -- they lost 80 percent of their trade overnight , " says Wendy Emmett of COSG . "  As a result the priority given to food changed , and it was immediately seen as much more important . " All over Havana small-scale organic gardens were started on roof-tops , backyards and in empty parking lots , spreading rapidly to other cities and urban centers . Farmer 's markets known as "  Kiosks " sprang up providing city-dwellers with access to locally-grown fruit and vegetables , cutting the use of oil in transporting food in from the countryside . In the countryside , oxen and horses replaced tractors . Manual labor replaced machines . A huge program of land re-distribution was instigated . Many of the vast collective farms beloved by communist planners started to look inefficient , and so were broken up into units more manageable without fleets of tractors . The process is still ongoing . In February 2009 the Cuban authorities announced that 1,827 square miles of state land would be given to Cubans with agricultural experience or other citizens . But this change was n't easy . Prior to the "  Special Period " Cuba had been a heavy user of oil-based chemical fertilizers , and much of the land was heavily degraded , requiring years of careful manuring to restore fertility . However , despite the obstacles , they did it . "  I was there in 1992 , which was one of the most difficult years , and certainly people were moaning a lot , but they worked together , they still kept the milk coming for the schoolchildren , " says Emmett . "  Throughout it all they did n't close any hospitals , they did n't close any schools ; they kept going against the odds . In many ways they show us what is possible , what a community can achieve when they work together ; the power of co-operation . " A blue-print to cope with problems post-peak oil ? Of course a powerful authoritarian state and strong central planning made such huge changes easier to implement ; a similar process of development might be very different , and possibly lees successful , in the West . But as an increasing number of people believe we will soon face a major social and economic crisis as oil supplies dwindle over coming decades , many believe we have a lot to learn from the Cuban experience . "  The industrialized world can learn that its dependency on oil will eventually push it through similar experiences to that which Cuba had to face in the 1990 's , and with similar outcomes , " says Julia Wright , author of "  Sustainable Agriculture and Food Security in an Era of Oil Scarcity : Lessons from Cuba . " "  We can also learn that if we do not have the necessary capacities in place , our food production system will be caught short , as was Cuba . " All over the world from New Zealand to the United Kingdom members of the Transition Town Movement , which aims to help communities prepare for the twin challenges of peak oil and climate change , hold regular screenings of the film , "  The Power of Community " , an upbeat documentary that explores the Cuban experience , alongside films about our oil addiction such as "  The End of Suburbia " and "  A Crude Awakening . " "  Cuba inspires groups overseas wanting to develop alternative , more sustainable farming and food systems , partly based on the myth that has built up around Cuba being organic , " says Wright . "  Organic farming in Cuba only operates in urban areas , not rural ... -LSB- but -RSB- the Cuban organic movement and the people within it are highly dedicated to their work and will continue to influence and be influenced by the organic movement overseas . " The future is less clear . New allies are once again opening Cuba up to the outside world -- and providing fresh oil supplies . "  Hugo Chavez is supplying Cuba with increasing quantities of oil and agrochemicals , so Cuban agriculture -- and here I 'm talking about rural farms which supply 95 percent of the nation 's domestic food needs -- is becoming more industrialized , though it will not revert back to the extreme practices of the Soviet era , " says Wright . "  Organic urban agriculture will continue and likely continue to expand out to peri-urban areas . " But whatever the years ahead bring , Wright believes the experience of the "  Special Period " has left its mark on Cuban society . "  The crisis that Cuba suffered has made it a better place in certain aspects , as people had to become more resilient and self-sufficient and less wasteful , " says Wright . "  Although Cubans would certainly say that their food shortages and lack of inputs has been a hardship . "	Cuba 's economic hardship in early 1990 's led to reorganization of agriculture Urban and organic farming implemented plus break up of inefficient large farms Some see Cuba 's experience as way to cope with problems of future oil crises
CNN Student News  -- May 3 , 2013 Media Literacy Question of the Day How might reporters use social media to get information for a story ? What implications might this have for people who use social networking sites ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for the PDF of this Newsquiz . 1 . What American Founding Father is featured on the new $ 100 bill ? * * 2 . What nation 's new king is Willem-Alexander ? * * 3 . What is the tallest active volcano in Europe ? * * 4 . Cameron Lyle gave up his college athletic career to donate what kind of tissue ? * * 5 . What country is Mexico 's largest trading partner ? * * 6 . What country has detained American Kenneth Bae ? * * 7 . What was the first permanent English settlement in North America ? * * 8 . Which of these rivers is longest : the Ganges , Mississippi , or Thames ? * * 9 . Anthony Foxx , the mayor of Charlotte , North Carolina , was nominated to what presidential Cabinet position ? * * 10 . What is New York City 's tallest building ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- Barcelona survived a late onslaught from rivals Real Madrid to win their Spanish Cup quarterfinal tie 4-3 on aggregate and knock the holders out on Wednesday . In a dramatic game at Barcelona 's Camp Nou stadium , the hosts went 2-0 up thanks to goals from Pedro and Daniel Alves before strikes from Cristiano Ronaldo and Karim Benzema leveled the match at 2-2 . Real laid siege to their opponents ' goal in the final stages , even after defender Sergio Ramos was sent off , but could n't find the goal that would have taken them through . Jose Mourinho 's side complained bitterly to the referee after the match but the result is sure to intensify pressure on the Portuguese coach , who has been forced to deny press rumors he is set to leave the club in June . Is Mourinho finished at Madrid ? "  You sometimes score a goal without trying much for one , and we happened to fail to score from four or five of our chances , " Mourinho said . "  It was easy to talk to my men during halftime . I had few things to change . Halftimes are short when your team is n't playing well ; those ten minutes do n't seem enough . I only needed one minute today because my team played very well in the first half . I told them to keep it up . "  Maybe Pep Guardiola congratulated us after winning last year 's final because it was a clean match without any havoc . If you like I 'll congratulate him for winning last week 's match . I have no problem doing so . They deserved to win that game . " Real had the first chance of the match inside 15 seconds as a mistake from Gerard Pique let Gonzalo Higuain in on goal but the Argentina striker fired wide with only Barca keeper Jose Manuel Pinto to beat . Higuain had another two chances to open the scoring but Pinto saved his close-range effort from Xabi Alonso 's free kick , before blocking a shot after he had surrendered possession . Germany international Mesut Ozil then struck the bar with a fierce shot from 35 yards with Pinto beaten , before Ronaldo drew another save from Barca 's reserve keeper . A melee ensued after Real midfielder Lassana Diarra brought down Argentina striker Lionel Messi and was fortunate not to receive a second yellow card . Real were made to pay for their profligacy when Messi ran at Real 's defense and teed up substitute Pedro to score shortly before the break , and just minutes later Brazilian fullback Alves made it two with a thunderous drive into the top corner . In the second half Real came back at their opponents as Ronaldo rounded Pinto from Ozil 's pass to make it 2-1 and when France international Benzema made it 2-2 with 18 minutes left Real sensed victory . They continued to pour forward after Ramos was shown a second yellow card but could n't find the vital third goal . Barca 's night was marred by an injury to Andres Iniesta , who has a suspected hamstring tear and was replaced by Pedro after half an hour . His fellow Spain midfielder Xavi celebrated his 32nd birthday by equaling Joan Segarra 's Barca record of 31 appearances in Clasico matches . Barcelona will now face either Valencia or Levante in the semifinals . The pair play Thursday , with Valencia 4-1 up from the first leg . In Wednesday 's other tie , Athletic Bilbao sealed a clash with third division Mirandes in the final four after a 1-0 win at Mallorca sealed a 3-0 aggregate victory in an all-La Liga encounter . In England , Liverpool booked a League Cup final date with second division Cardiff after beating Premier League leaders Manchester City 3-2 on aggregate at Anfield . Trailing 1-0 from the first leg , Nigel De Jong brought City level on aggregate with a vicious long range drive before Steven Gerrard restored Liverpool 's advantage from the penalty spot . Striker Edin Dzeko put City back on terms when he tapped in Aleksandar Kolarov 's cross on 62 minutes before Wales forward Craig Bellamy equalized against his former club to make it 2-2 on the night and secure a 3-2 aggregate win . In Italy , two goals from Uruguay striker Edinson Cavani helped Napoli to knock out Italian Cup holders Inter Milan and reach the semifinals . Napoli will next face Siena , who beat Chievo Verona 1-0 thanks to Mattia Destro 's goal .	Barcelona beat Real Madrid 4-3 on aggregate to knock holders out of Spanish Cup Real fight back from 2-0 down in second leg but 2-2 draw not enough Liverpool beat Manchester City 3-2 on aggregate to reach English League Cup final Napoli knock holders Internazionale out of the Italian Cup with a 2-0 victory
CNN  -- Havana has a thriving cultural scene and is the setting for world-class ballet and film festivals . But it 's also a city of music , sunshine and rum , and Havana knows how to throw a damn fine party . Here are some of the city 's biggest and best annual events . Dancers parade along the Malecon for the Havana Carnival . May Day  May 1  Hundreds of thousands of cheering people march through Havana to celebrate International Workers ' Day . This quintessentially Cuban event offers a fascinating insight into a country where politics is woven into every aspect of daily life . Marching Cubans carry placards past images of communist heroes like Marx and Lenin in Plaza de la Revolucion square . The fact that the whole occasion is carefully stage managed by party officials adds to its uniquely Cuban air . Havana Carnival  August  One fiesta just is n't enough for a city like Havana , so the Cuban capital has two annual carnivals . There 's the smaller event in February , which is well worth checking out , but to experience the real deal you 're better off waiting until summer . Crowds pack the Malecon in the final two weeks of July and the first two weeks of August to hear some of the island 's finest musicians performing al fresco . The final weekend sees a colossal parade make its way from Habana Vieja to the Malecon in a swirling mass of conga lines , skimpy outfits , music and dancing -- accompanied by lashings of rum . Look out too for the "  Munecones " , huge satirical figures of various famous faces , accompanied by the "  faroleros " , dancers who twirl brightly colored standards as they parade along the Malecon . See Carlos Acosta 's Havana " The International Havana Ballet Festival  October/November , every other year  This festival brings together international stars and prestigious companies from around the world , as well as showcasing the renowned National Ballet of Cuba , which has produced the likes of Alicia Alonso and Carlos Acosta . The festival has showcased more than 200 world premieres and performances range from classics like Swan Lake to challenging modern pieces . One of the highlights of the festival is the choice of venues , ranging from the faded grandeur of the Gran Teatro de La Habana , the city 's opera house , to open-air performances in Old Havana , where the subtly-lit facades of colonial palaces provide a wonderfully romantic backdrop . What do you think are Havana 's seasonal highlights ? Let us know below . Havana Jazz Festival  Winter  Cuban music has played a huge role in the development of jazz , with musicians like Chano Pozo exporting Cuban rhythms to the U.S. to create the fusion known as Latin Jazz . Cuban jazz maestro and five-time Grammy winner Chucho Valdes organizes the festival and is a regular performer , along with a host of international names . Past events have featured the likes of Dizzy Gillespie and Max Roach and the present-day lack of U.S. stars is more than made up for by an impressive contingent of Latin American talent . There are performances at The Hotel Rivera , Casa de la Cultura Plaza , Teatro Nacional de Cuba , Teatro Amadeo Roldn and various smoky clubs . Although the jazz festival is usually held in December , the 2009 event took place in February , so if you 're planning a visit be sure to check the dates well in advance . The Festival of New Latin American Cinema  December  This 10-day festival is one of the biggest events in Latin American film , which is currently producing some of the finest cinema in the world . Movie buffs from all over the island flock to see an impressive selection of movies , ranging from Spanish-language blockbusters to obscure art flicks . Even if your Spanish is n't good enough to fully understand the films being shown , the festival still offers the chance for a bit of celeb spotting . Past attendees have included the likes of Robert de Niro , Robert Redford , Jack Nicholson , Steven Spielberg and Pedro Almodovar .	Hundreds of thousands march through Havana on International Workers ' Day Crowds pack the Malecon seafront promenade for the Havana Carnival The International Ballet Festival attracts world-famous dance stars to the city Legendary jazz maestro Chucho Valdes brings jazz to the Cuban capital
MAE SOT , Thailand  CNN  -- Exchanging his sacred Bhuddist robes for a crucifix and his black-colored hair for bleached-blonde , 24-year-old Ashin Kovida found freedom in neighboring Thailand and escaped authorities within Myanmar 's oppressive military regime intent on hunting down the pro-democracy leader . Ashin Kovida made a narrow escape from Myanmar 's military regime . "  The soldiers started shooting and I had a narrow escape , I saw monks being beaten , " he told CNN , describing his exit . His main offense ? Acting as a key organizer of protest marches that slowly escalated until thousands took to the streets in a movement underscoring the people 's desire for pro-democracy leadership . The uprising , dubbed the Saffron Revolution for the monks ' saffron-colored robes , lasted for several weeks before being snuffed out by the iron hand of the ruling junta . The protests were initially sparked by a huge fuel price increase imposed by the military government . They quickly became much more . Video smuggled out of the secretive country has shown unarmed protesters being beaten by government security forces , and one man -- believed to be a Japanese journalist -- shot and killed at close range . U.N. envoy Paulo Sergio Pinheiro has said as many as 110 people were believed to have been killed during the demonstrations -- including 40 Buddhist monks -- and 200 others beaten . The regime has since admitted to detaining more than 2,900 people , but hundreds more remain in custody , some facing deplorable conditions . Myanmar 's humanitarian crisis has sparked international outrage , concern , attention and brought new focus to Aung San Suu Kyi , the Nobel laureate who has been under house arrest on and off for nearly 20 years in Yangon , the country 's biggest city . Pitting his Buddhist faith against Myanmar 's oppressive military regime , Kovida described what inspired him to take a stand . "  I was an ordinary monk , but then I heard about the death in Bokoku I was surprised no monks came onto the streets , " he said , describing an incident in the town of Bokoku in which one monk was publicly beaten to death at a rally . "  So I wrote to other monasteries . We had a committee of fifteen who organized the protests . " The movement grew until the army cracked down , arresting hundreds and circulating posters showing Kovida marching at the front of the demonstration . He is wanted by Myanmar 's military government , which accuses him of hatching a bomb plot he denies . The Buddhist faith has given Kovida a quiet determination that eventually the military regime in Myanmar will be overthrown , but he has also called on the United Nations to step into the political fray where most citizens and monks dare to go no more . "  Our blood is on the street , most of the monasteries are empty . I ca n't estimate how many people in prison . When will U.N. Security Council take action ? " asked Kovida . The U.N. has already sent Ibrahim Gambari , the special envoy for Myanmar , and he is expected to return to Myanmar this week . The enovy met earlier in October with the military junta leadership as well as with Suu Kyi , who has been the voice of democracy since 1989 , when her National League for Democracy won the country 's first free multiparty elections . The military junta refused to hand over power and has kept her under tight wraps ever since . In addition , U.N. envoy Pinheiro has been cleared to visit Myanmar for a fact-finding mission into reports of human rights violations during the September crackdown . "  I have been able to verify , through different independent and reliable sources , allegations of the use of excessive force by the security forces , including live ammunitions , rubber bullets , tear gas , bamboo and wood sticks , rubber batons and catapults  slingshots  , " he said . "  This largely explains the killings and the severe injuries reported . " He plans to arrive in Myanmar sometime before November 17 , the date of the summit meeting of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations . The humanitarian rights situation in Myanmar has also caught the attention of U.S. first lady Laura Bush who -- in a rare foray into foreign policy -- penned a commentary calling on the military junta to give up the "  terror campaigns " against its people and allow democracy . "  Gen. Than Shwe and his deputies are a friendless regime , " Bush said in her article , published in the Oct. 10 edition of the Wall Street Journal . "  They should step aside to make way for a unified Burma  Myanmar  governed by legitimate leaders . " CNN 's Dan Rivers and Tess Eastment contributed to this report	A key organizer of monk protest marches in Myanmar escapes to Thailand . Tells CNN how he had a narrow escape after seeing monks being beaten He believes the military regime in Myanmar will eventually be overthrown
Ciudad Juarez , Mexico  CNN  -- A man was gunned down Thursday in front of children at an elementary school as they were leaving for the day , local officials and witnesses told CNN . The shooting happened at 1 p.m.  3 p.m. ET  , causing panic , witnesses said . Some parents waiting for their children at the time of the shooting also witnessed the attack . The school issued a statement saying the shooting was coincidental and was not connected to the school . The victim , 30 , was shot nine times with a .45 - caliber pistol by an unidentified gunman as he fled his attackers , according to the Chihuahua State Attorney General 's Office . Witnesses said one attacker shot the victim inside the school next to a basketball court , while another attacker stood outside . A team of forensic experts rushed to the scene to conduct a survey , but could not determine if the man was already wounded before he entered the school . Police said the suspects remain at large . In the first nine months of 2011 there were 12,903 homicides in Mexico , according to official statistics . On Wednesday , the Mexican Attorney General 's Office  PGR  said Juarez led the nation in homicides between January and September 2011 , with a total of 1,206 . Juarez saw a decline in the number of homicides in 2011 , but is still considered to be a flashpoint in Mexico 's drug cartel-related violence . There have been 18 homicides in Juarez in the first 12 days of 2012 .	Some parents waiting to pick up their children witnessed the attack 30-year-old victim was shot nine times while trying to flee his attackers Homicide is the 18th this year in Mexico 's bloodiest city
CNN  -- A sex abuse support group called on the Boy Scouts of America to oust any official still with the organization who was involved in covering up child sex crimes . The demand by the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests was in reaction to a Los Angeles Times story detailing previously sealed files that it said showed scouting officials "  failed to report hundreds of alleged child molesters to police and often hid the allegations from parents and the public . " The 1,600 "  ineligible volunteer " files from 1970 to 1991 reviewed by the Times were obtained through a 1992 lawsuit against the Boy Scouts , the newspaper reported Sunday . The "  perversion files " were a blacklist of alleged sexual molesters , it said . L.A. Times reporter on sexual abuse cover-up in Boy Scouts of America Although the Scouts learned of most of the abuse allegations after they were reported to authorities , the organization learned about more than 500 instances from boys , parents , staff members or anonymous tips , the paper said . "  In about 400 of those cases -- 80 % -- there is no record of Scouting officials reporting the allegations to police , " the Times reported . "  In more than 100 of the cases , officials actively sought to conceal the alleged abuse or allowed the suspects to hide it . " "  Here 's the next step in the Boy Scouts child sex abuse and cover up scandal : Every Scout official who knew of or suspected or concealed these heinous crimes should be ousted and , if possible , prosecuted for failure to report possible child sex crimes to law enforcement , " SNAP Director David Clohessy said . The files reviewed by the Times were "  from approximately 40 years ago , when the BSA served approximately 5 million young people each year , " Boy Scouts spokesman Deron Smith said in a statement Monday . "  We have always cooperated fully  with  law enforcement , and now require our members to report even suspicion of abuse directly to local law enforcement , " Smith said . Oregon Supreme Court orders release of once-secret Boy Scout files The Boy Scouts "  continuously enhanced its multi-tiered policies and procedures , which now include background checks , comprehensive training programs , and safety policies , " Smith said . The organization 's current education and training programs to protect children from abuse "  are among the best in the youth-serving community , " he said . "  It 's not enough to say ` we 're doing better these days , ' " Clohessy said . "  Scout officials deceived parents , police and the public about child molesters in the past . How can we believe them when they claim now that they 've stopped ? " Prosecutors should look at the files "  for men who might still be pursued criminally for committing , causing and concealing devastating child sex crimes , " Clohessy said . "  The Boy Scouts of America believes that one instance of abuse is far too many , " Smith said . "  We regret there have been times when despite the BSA 's best efforts to protect children , Scouts were abused , and for that we are very sorry and extend our deepest sympathies to victims . " From the archives : Jury verdict hits Boy Scouts with $ 18.5 million in punitive damages	A Los Angeles Times story details Boy Scouts ' "  perversion files " "  Officials actively sought to conceal " instances of abuse , the Times reports Rules "  now require our members to report even suspicion of abuse , " Scout spokesman says "  It 's not enough to say ` we 're doing better these days , ' " SNAP says
CNN  -- Bahrain on Tuesday warned against anti-government activity one day ahead of its plans to lift emergency laws that had allowed for a crackdown on opposition leaders , journalists and other activists . The country 's Ministry of Justice warned against "  any type of activities that could affect the security or harm the national peace and safety , " Bahrain 's official news agency reported . The lifting of the emergency laws , imposed in mid-March , is thought to be an effort to signal an end to months of civil unrest stemming from the Arab Spring , a wave of anti-government demonstrations that started in Tunisia and have since roiled several countries in the Middle East and North Africa , including Egypt , Syria , Yemen and Bahrain . On Tuesday , Bahrain King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa appealed for dialogue , saying that talks with opposition groups are scheduled to begin in July . The U.S. pulled its human rights officer from the U.S. embassy in Bahrain after he became the target of a harassment campaign that senior U.S. officials say appears to have been fanned by some hard-line members of the government . Ludovic Hood , who left the country last Thursday , was for months the subject of threats and anti-Semitic slurs on a pro-government website and officially sanctioned newspapers , the officials said . Hood was scheduled to leave the country this summer , as his tour of duty was coming to a close . But senor U.S. officials said the embassy sent him home several weeks early over concern for his safety . Last week , Bahrain said it had released 515 detainees imprisoned since the state of emergency went into effect , though it is unclear how many people are in custody . The country is also set to hold parliamentary elections in September , filling seats vacated by members of the Wefaq party , Bahrain 's largest Shiite opposition group , which left in protest over the crackdown . The government has since come under intense criticism by human rights groups over its detentions , including the arrest of at least two Wefaq lawmakers . It is not clear whether those opposition leaders will be permitted to take part in the September elections , though Bahrain has said in the past that all accusations about detainees will be investigated . Protesters initially took to the streets of Manama , the capital , to demand reform and the introduction of a constitutional monarchy . But some have called for the removal of the royal family , which has led the Persian Gulf state since the 18th century . Young members of the country 's Shiite majority have staged protests in recent years to complain about discrimination , unemployment and corruption , issues they say the country 's Sunni rulers have done little to address .	The country plans to lift emergency laws imposed since mid-March King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa appeals for dialogue with opposition groups The country is set to hold parliamentary elections in September U.S. withdraws its human rights officer over safety concerns
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- An Indian court Saturday convicted a teenage boy for his part in the gang rape last December of a medical student who later died of her injuries , sentencing him to three years in prison . The sentence drew immediate protests outside the court and from the victim 's family , who feel it is too lenient for a crime that shocked the city and prompted a nationwide debate over the treatment of women and the handling of sexual assaults . The teenager was convicted of murder , rape and robbery . His trial was in juvenile court because he was 17 at the time of the crime , and the three-year sentence is the maximum allowed under the court 's rules . Protesters in the street outside the court raised their fists and shouted , "  We want justice ! " If the teenager was old enough to commit the crime , they said , then he is old enough to have been tried as an adult and face the death penalty . The victim 's parents attended the trial and said they plan to appeal . "  We want him to be hanged , " the victim 's visibly upset mother told reporters . "  I am not at all happy with this verdict . By not punishing this teenager , this verdict is encouraging other teenagers to indulge in such acts and does not provide any safety to girls . " The teenager is the first of five suspects to be tried for their role in the attack , which happened December 16 on a moving bus in New Delhi . The group assaulted the 23-year-old woman and her male companion , robbing them and then dumping them at the side of the road , police said . While the man was eventually discharged from the hospital , the woman was so badly hurt that she had to be airlifted to a hospital in Singapore in "  extremely critical condition , " doctors there said . She died two weeks later . The man said he and the young woman watched a movie before boarding a private bus to return to her home in a New Delhi suburb . The bus driver made lewd remarks and five other men taunted the couple and locked the doors , the man told Agence France-Press in January . "  They hit me with a small stick and dragged my friend to a seat near the driver 's cabin , " the man said . Then the "  driver and the other men raped my friend and hit her in the worst possible ways in the most private parts of her body . " The driver used an iron bar in the attack , he told the news agency . The friend said he suffered a broken leg . "  The cruelty I saw should not be seen ever . I tried to fight against the men but later I begged them again and again to leave her , " he said . In an interview with Reuters , the man said the abductors drove the couple throughout the city for about two hours before dropping them below an overpass ; he was unable to stand and had no clothes . "  Three-wheeler taxis would slow down , take a look at us and move on , " he said . "  So would cars and motorcycles . We got no help for nearly 20 or 25 minutes . " When three police vehicles finally did show up , he said , "  they could n't decide among themselves which police precinct has jurisdiction . " His friend bled profusely throughout the ordeal , he said . Despite the outrage over the attack , the problem of sexual violence in India persists . An American woman was raped in June after visiting a popular Hindu temple in northern India . After failing to find a taxi to take her back to her hotel , she accepted a ride from three men who took her to a wooded area , then raped and robbed her , authorities said . A 4-year-old girl died after being sexually assaulted by a 35-year-old man in Ghansaur in April , and a 5-year-old girl was allegedly raped two weeks earlier in New Delhi . Two men were arrested in that case . A Swiss woman and her husband who were on a cycling tour across the India were attacked by a group of men in March after they set up camp near a forest in the central part of the country . The men beat the husband and raped the wife , police said . Last week , a 23-year-old female photographer was allegedly gang-raped in Mumbai by five men , the police chief there said . The woman was on assignment with a male colleague when some men approached them , took them to a nearby mill under false pretenses , then tied them both up and raped her , Mumbai police commissioner Satypal Singh said . The woman was in stable condition after the attack . CNN 's Sumnima Udas reported from New Delhi . Melissa Gray reported and wrote from Atlanta .	The teenager is convicted of murder , rape , and robbery His 3-year sentence prompts protests , outrage from victim 's family He is the first of five suspects to be tried for the December attack A string of gang rapes in India has prompted national debate
CNN  -- NFL quarterback Ben Roethlisberger , accused of sexually assaulting a woman last summer , said Thursday that he is innocent . Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger says there is no merit to the accusation . "  Saturday was the first that I learned of her accusations , " the Pittsburgh Steeler said , calling the accusation reckless , false and an attack on his family . The woman filed a civil complaint against Roethlisberger last week . "  I would never , ever force myself on a woman , " he said . The complaint , filed Friday in the 2nd Judicial District Court in Washoe County , Nevada , alleges that Roethlisberger sexually assaulted the woman -- an executive casino host at Harrah 's Lake Tahoe -- while he was staying at the resort for a celebrity golf tournament in July 2008 . Teresa Duffy of the Douglas County , Nevada , Sheriff 's Department , said the department does not intend to open an investigation unless the alleged victim comes forward and tells authorities she wants them to . Roethlisberger said that he would not discuss the "  civil case in the media , " but that he would fight to protect his family and his reputation . Roethlisberger and eight Harrah 's employees are named in the suit , which seeks at least $ 390,000 , plus unspecified punitive damages , from the defendants . Harrah 's itself is not named as a defendant . The woman said that the employees contributed to her emotional distress and that some defamed her and tried to cover up the incident . According to the complaint , on July 11 , 2008 , the woman was working on the 17th floor -- the same floor as Roethlisberger 's room -- when Roethlisberger told her that his television and sound system were not working . He asked her to try to fix it , the complaint said . When she entered his room and deemed that the television was working , she tried to leave , but Roethlisberger blocked her way , the complaint states . He then , against her will , kissed her , groped her and sexually assaulted her , the complaint states . The woman says that in the months following the incident , she incurred emotional distress that resulted in hospitalizations that included treatment for anxiety and depression , the complaint said . Calvin Dunlap , the woman 's attorney , said earlier this week that his client did not pursue criminal charges after the alleged assault because she felt discouraged when the resort 's chief of security did not investigate the matter . According to the complaint , the chief told her she was "  overreacting . " Dunlap said the chief has "  close ties to law enforcement . " Of the eight employees , all but two are still employed by Harrah 's , according to a spokeswoman for Harrah 's Entertainment . Marybel Batjer of Harrah 's declined to comment on the suit , other than to say that the alleged victim still works at Harrah 's Lake Tahoe as an executive casino host . Another Harrah 's Entertainment spokesman , Gary Thompson , said the company was "  confident that a much different story will emerge and that the Harrah 's employees will be dismissed from the lawsuit . " Roethlisberger 's attorney , David Cornwell , released a statement saying the charges were false . "  The timing of a lawsuit and the absence of a criminal complaint and a criminal investigation are the most compelling evidence of the absence of any criminal conduct , " he said . CNN 's Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .	"  I would never , ever force myself on a woman , " Ben Roethlisberger says Woman filed complaint saying quarterback raped her in Lake Tahoe last summer Roethlisberger , 8 Harrah 's employees named in $ 390,000 lawsuit Sheriff 's department says it wo n't investigate unless alleged victim calls for it
CNN  -- A cargo jet crashed Sunday just west of Monterrey , Mexico , killing the pilot and injuring the co-pilot , a company representative said . The crash occurred at 2:15 a.m. as the McDonnell-Douglas DC-9-15 freighter approached the airport in Saltillo , Mexico , carrying a load of auto parts , said Donald McNeff , vice president of USA Jet Airlines . The National Transportation Safety Board , which confirmed the death of the pilot , reported no one was injured on the ground . The co-pilot suffered severe burns . Both the pilot and the co-pilot were U.S. citizens . The NTSB has sent a team of investigators to assist the Mexican government in its probe of the incident . The jet 's trip began at company headquarters at Willow Run Airport in Ypsilanti , Michigan , a half hour west of Detroit , McNeff said . It then flew to Hamilton , Ontario , where it picked up cargo and continued to Shreveport , Louisiana , where it cleared customs , he said . It was close to the airport grounds in Saltillo in clear weather when the crash occurred , he said . USA Jet Airlines , founded more than 20 years ago , carried cargo across the Americas , McNeff said . About five years ago it added passenger service . It has a 22-plane fleet , including the aircraft involved in the crash .	Cargo jet crashes Sunday just west of Monterrey , Mexico , killing the pilot Both pilot and co-pilot were American ; co-pilot was severely burned NTSB has sent investigators to Mexico to help with crash investigation
CNN  -- All this month , we will see thousands of college students from coast to coast , north to south , east to west , jumping up and down , yelling , screaming , pumping fists , sleeping outside in tents , painting their faces -- all a result of the usual frenzy surrounding March Madness . That 's the scene we see every year when college basketball teams are fighting and clawing their way to one of the precious 65 seeds that enter the NCAA Tournament . But instead of doing all of that for basketball , these same students should say the heck with the games and put their energy , zeal and passion into two fundamental issues posing the most dramatic barriers to their college education : the rising cost of tuition and the lack of financial aid . On Thursday , we saw students begin this process by leading rallies in cities nationwide to protest rising tuition costs . While our political leaders in Washington , D.C. , are decrying the rising cost of health care , college tuition is exploding across the nation , from community colleges to technical schools to four-year public and private schools . Education leaders say it 's all about the economy , but when the cost of tuition is jacked up as high as 30 percent in some states , and so many parents are without jobs or are facing wage cutbacks , their children see no hope . Often they postpone school or cut back on hours they take per semester -- delays that keep the student from being able to graduate and find a good-paying job . But marching and demanding a rollback of student tuition is just one front of the battle that students in college and high school should be waging . The other is fighting the banking lobby , which is spending millions of dollars on members of Congress to keep them from changing financial aid laws . The Obama administration has proposed eliminating the substantial subsidies banks enjoy for handling most of the federal college loans processed , with virtually no risk . Federal officials say the banks are reaping upwards of $ 9 billion a year in these subsidies , which include interest collected , and the Obama administration wants to push more of that money to students by increasing Pell grants and Perkins loans . Estimates have put the cost savings to taxpayers at more than $ 80 billion over the next 10 years . The changes also limit the maximum that students would pay to 10 percent of their income and would cut 10 years off of their repayment if they took a public service job . The rationale is simple : If the federal government is already assuming the risk of loans , and no substantial data have been presented to show that the banks are truly making a difference with their loan counseling services , why not cut out the middle man , like Sallie Mae , and free up more money for students ? Reining in this perk for the banks wo n't lower the cost of college , but it will make it easier for many students or parents to pay for it . There are some grass-roots organizations fighting the banks , such as the United States Students Association , but they are going up against entrenched interests , and some of those are university officials . In some cases , the banking industry has used its financial power to wine and dine college officials , lavishing gifts , golf trips and other perks to keep them in line . So some of the very folks who should want students to get as much money as possible to stay in school are not always operating in their best interests . So here you have two fundamental roadblocks facing students , and too many are only complaining about them and not focusing on action . Some even suggest they have no power to fight such well-funded interests . I say nonsense . This February , we celebrated the 50th anniversary of the civil rights movement sit-ins , which were launched in Greensboro , North Carolina . Four students at North Carolina A&T decided they 'd had enough of the segregated lunch counters in downtown Greensboro . So they politely walked in and asked to be served . When refused and thrown out , they came back . And back . And back . When word of their efforts spread , it was as if a wildfire had been sparked across the South . Black students in other Southern towns began to do the same , and lunch counter by lunch counter , drugstore by drugstore , department store by department store , Jim Crow was assaulted by the zealous actions of just a handful of students . Over the course of our history , it has always been the nation 's young who took to the streets , statehouses , college campuses and the halls of Congress to demand change . It worked then , and it can work now . It 's time that we see college students , high school students who are looking forward to college , and the parents who are bearing the burden of paying for it , join those who are still paying back student loans to identify the banks that are fighting changes in the financial aid system and do the following if those banks persist :  Remove your money from their coffers . If these banks are fighting against your best interests , they do n't deserve your account . Take it to a community bank that will support your efforts .  Stage pickets and sit-ins . Imagine what would happen if thousands of students fanned out across a city and picketed and actually led sit-ins in the banks . Yes , shut them down .  Rally the masses online . Today 's generation is far more proficient at text messages , social media and online video . Instead of talking about the latest celebrity news , use online media to galvanize and build a national movement .  Hit the hallways of Congress and state legislatures . The heck with going skiing or hitting the beach during spring break . If they are still in session , come up with a list of legislators not fighting rising tuition or who are in the pockets of Sallie Mae and the banks . Send throngs of students from each district and make it clear that you will organize young voters and parents in those districts and throw them out of office if they continue to allow the banks to run roughshod .  Engage celebrities in the battle . Kanye West , Jay-Z , Beyonce , Ashton Kutcher , P. Diddy and so many others have millions following them on Twitter and Facebook . It 's time to enlist them in this battle . Students , basketball is wonderful , and seeing your team in the Big Dance is great . But if tuition keeps going up and less money is available in the form of financial aid , you 'll be cheering from afar because you wo n't be able to keep going to that school . For America to be strong , we must cultivate , teach and train the next generation of leaders . Students , the time for talk is over . The time for action is now . Many of you went to the polls to vote for Sens. Barack Obama and John McCain . Election Day 2008 was not the end , but the beginning . If you want change , then you better work for it . Put those fervent minds to use in battling those who do n't have your best interests at heart . Let the fight begin . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin tells students : Skip March Madness , fight to lower college costs instead Obama proposed eliminating bank subsidies for student loans ; banks balked , he says He says students must press banks , lawmakers ; stage sit-ins , pickets on education 's behalf Martin to students : If you want change , work for it
LONDON , England  CNN  -- An $ 80 million research project aimed at giving people 50 active years after the age of 50 was launched by scientists at the University of Leeds in northern England Tuesday . The challenge is to ensure old people stay as fit as Brisbane centenarian Ruth Frith , seen competing at shot put during World Masters Games in Sydney this month . About half of the babies born in Western countries today will live until they are 100 years old , according to recent research published in the medical journal The Lancet , so the challenge is to ensure they remain active throughout their old age . While most of us will live longer than our parents and grandparents , the aging population means that in coming decades more people will suffer from age-related conditions such as osteoarthritis , heart disease and chronic back pain . Obesity and increased physical activity also put more pressure on our joints , causing them to wear out faster . Scientists at Leeds University envisage that many of the body parts that flounder with age could be upgraded using own-grown tissues and more durable implants . This will mean artificial hips , knees and heart valves , for example , lasting far longer than the current 20-year typical lifespan . "  Our work is driven by the concept of 50 more years after 50 -- that is , making our second 50 years of life as healthy , comfortable and active as our first , so we can enjoy a higher quality of life , " explains Professor John Fisher , who is an expert in artificial joints and tissue regeneration . "  We now have the technology available to do astonishing things , such as repairing the body by growing healthy new tissue through biological scaffolds and stem cell therapy . And a new generation of prosthetic hip and knee joints that last longer will avoid the need for further replacements . " Fisher says the center also hopes to gain a better understanding of degenerative diseases to allow for early diagnosis , rather than having to treat someone when they are already in crippling pain . "  For example , we 're developing biosensor tools that can detect the presence of antibodies and proteins in the blood . All of these technologies will ultimately reduce suffering in patients through more timely interventions , shorter hospital stays and quicker recovery times . " So how do you feel about this . Are you looking forward to your old age ? Do you believe you will remain active ? Click here to send us your comments and we will try to use as many as possible in tonight 's show .	$ 80M research project launched aimed at giving people 50 active years after 50 Half of babies born in Western countries today will live until 100 years old Leeds University projects aims to ensure people remain active into old age Scientists believe many body parts that flounder with age could be upgraded
CNN  -- Barry H. Landau is recognized as one of the foremost collectors of presidential artifacts and memorabilia , having worked with every White House since the Lyndon Johnson administration . Now police in Baltimore are accusing him and another man of stealing millions of dollars worth of historical documents from the Maryland Historical Society . Landau and Jason Savedoff are accused of stealing documents from the society 's museum library after an employee thought the pair exhibited suspicious behavior . According to a Baltimore Police Department report , the employee said he watched Savedoff take a document , conceal it in a portfolio and walk out of the library with it on Saturday . The employee then called police . The report states 60 documents were found in Savedoff 's locker near the library , some of which were signed out by Landau . The men were found to be in possession of documents signed by President Abraham Lincoln valued at $ 300,000 , along with signed commemorations of both the Statue of Liberty and the Washington Monument , each valued at $ 100,000 . The recovered documents also included several presidential inaugural ball invitations and programs with an estimated value of $ 500,000 , according to the police report . "  These are only four  4  of the  60  documents recovered from Mr. Landau and Mr. Savedoff , " the police report stated . "  The staff of the Maryland Historical Society advised that the other 56 documents are of the same approximate value . " Baltimore police say the FBI has also started an investigation . Maryland Historical Society President Burt Kummerow said he is proud of how the museum handled the situation and is pleased the documents have been returned . "  It would have been a huge loss because then  the documents  are no longer in the public record and then they 're no longer available , " he said . Dozens of people enter the museum 's special collections unit every day to view original artifacts and conduct research . "  We 're in business to study the history of Maryland , and that 's why people come in , " Kummerow said . "  But there are others who would love to collect important documents and own them . " Landau is the author of "  The President 's Table : Two Hundred Years of Dining and Diplomacy . " Earlier this month , he told CNN he has collected more than a million presidential objects . In a July 4 piece , Landau discussed how various presidents displayed the American flag and how aides went about positioning them . "  I would like to be appointed to some national position to assure that there will be a resurgence of the flag pole on every new building , and the American flag more prominently displayed on a day to day basis , " Landau said in an interview for the "  In The Arena " blog . CNN 's Jay Kernis contributed to this report	Police : Barry H. Landau and Jason Savedoff had millions of dollars worth of documents Pieces include documents signed by Abraham Lincoln and inaugural ball invitations Landau is the author of "  The President 's Table : Two Hundred Years of Dining and Diplomacy " Landau has told CNN he has collected more than a million presidential objects
New York  CNN  -- In a recent interview , Mir Hossein Mousavi , the opposition candidate spearheading the Green Movement in Iran , said that early in the momentous revolution of 1979 the majority of Iranians were convinced that dictatorship had ended in Iran . "  I was one of those people , " Mousavi said . "  But today I no longer believe that to be the case . " Today , he said , we can see both the signs of dictatorship and the resistance to that dictatorship . He then claimed this resistance as a legacy of the Islamic Revolution . "  It must be said that people 's resistance is a heritage of the Islamic Revolution . People 's discontent with deceit , deception , and corruption , which we witness today , are among the clear signs of this heritage , " Mousavi said . But the history and the political culture of revolt against tyranny actually predate the Islamic revolution of 1977-1979 . The young Iranians pouring into the streets of their homeland in recent months to demand their civil liberties are nourished and inspired by the same fountain of liberty that moved their parents in the years leading up to the 1979 revolution . It is the same hunger for freedom that the Islamic Republic , for eight crucial years under the steady hand of Mousavi himself as prime minister in the 1980s , had brutally repressed . What we are witnessing in the streets of Iran and among Iranians around the globe is the resurgence of a vibrant political culture that gave rise to the 1979 revolution , and that has been violently eclipsed under the absolutism of a militant Islamic theocracy . The history of the Islamic Republic over the last three decades has been a sad scenario of suppression and brutality . The regime has mismanaged one crisis after another , benefiting at times from the follies of neighbors and superpowers . Before the creation of the Islamic Republic , the revolution was driven by Iranians rebelling against the tyrannical monarchy of the Shah . But for the new regime in Iran , the American hostage crisis of 1979-1980 was the first opportunity to create a smoke screen to divert the world 's attention while taking Iran 's entire political culture hostage to their single-mindedly Islamist approach . The American hostage crisis had not ended yet when the Iran-Iraq war  1980-1988  started -- yet another prolonged and brutal distraction that Ayatollah Khomeini used to eliminate all his internal opposition . He did not start the war with Iraq . Saddam Hussein did , with the full support of the Reagan administration and its European and Arab allies . But Khomeini prolonged it for his own reasons . Two years into the Iran-Iraq War , the Israelis invaded Lebanon in 1982 , and thereby offered the Islamic Republic the best opportunity to help create the Lebanese Hezbollah and extend its regional power base . The Iran-Iraq War was still raging when the First Intifada  1987-1993  provided the Islamic Republic with yet another opportunity to expand its influence in occupied Palestine . The Iran-Iraq war had barely ended when in 1989 Ayatollah Khomeini issued his infamous fatwa against Salman Rushdie . This provided another diversion to distract the world 's attention from his having ordered a crucial revision of the constitution of the Islamic Republic that would perpetuate the absolutist reign of a Supreme Leader . Just about the same time , Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait , the Taliban took over Afghanistan , and the two monsters the United States and its European , regional , and Arab allies had created to control the spread of the Iranian revolution came back to haunt them all and turn against their own creators . The tragic events of September 11 , 2001 , plunged the United States into a deep quagmire of mismanaging one crisis after another in Afghanistan and Iraq , as the Israeli invasion of Lebanon in 2006 and Gaza in 2008-2009 added fuel to the fire among Arabs and Muslims . With every turn of the screw and as the United States was bogged down in the region , the Islamic Republic did what it does best : It took advantage of one crisis after another in the region to stay afloat and disguise its fundamentally weak claim to legitimacy among its own citizens . Today the Green Movement is threatened by a number of factors and forces . A brutal suppression by the security apparatus of the Islamic Republic is only the most immediate and evident threat . Equally dangerous is to think the Green Movement is an American-inspired , or "  pro-Western " uprising that will turn Iran into a satellite state of the United States and make it safe for neoliberal economics . It is not -- and to drive that point home , it is still good to read Mir Hossein Mousavi invoking the memory of a vast social revolution that had a fundamental commitment to social and economic justice at its heart . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hamid Dabashi .	Iran has suffered through decades of political repression , says Hamid Dabashi He says Iran 's regime has benefited from turmoil in the Mideast Iran 's Green Movement is a new generation following in footsteps of its parents ' bid for liberty
CNN  -- Experts disagreed Tuesday over just how bad things have gotten at the stricken Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in northeastern Japan , but all of them agreed that things could get worse . An explosion Tuesday at the plant elevated the situation there to a "  serious accident , " on a level just below Chernobyl , a French nuclear official said , referring to the international scale that rates the severity of such incidents and to an incident 25 years ago in what is now Ukraine . His comments came before a fire was reported Wednesday in the No. 4 reactor building at the Japanese plant . The International Nuclear and Radiological Event Scale -- or INES -- ranks incidents from Level 1 , which indicates very little danger to the general population , to Level 7 , a "  major accident " with a large release of radioactive material and widespread health and environmental effects . "  It 's clear we are at Level 6 , that 's to say we 're at a level in between what happened at Three Mile Island and Chernobyl , " Andre-Claude Lacoste , president of France 's nuclear safety authority , told reporters Tuesday . The core meltdown at the Three Mile Island nuclear power plant near Middletown , Pennsylvania , in 1979 caused no injuries or deaths , and only low levels of radiation were found later in plants and animals , experts said . At least 30 people died following the 1986 explosion and fire at Chernobyl , and large swaths of Ukraine , Belarus and Russia were contaminated from the nuclear fallout . Thousands of cases of childhood thyroid cancer resulted , according to Dr. Ira Helfand of Physicians for Social Responsibility , which opposes the use of nuclear power . Japanese nuclear authorities initially rated the incident that began last Friday with a 9.0-magnitude earthquake in northeastern Japan followed by a tsunami at Level 4 , according to Greg Webb of the International Atomic Energy Agency . Level 4 is characterized as a minor release of radioactive material that necessitates only measures to control food due to contamination . But in the latest information about the explosion , Japanese authorities did not give it a rating , Webb said , and the IAEA did not cite one either . But Joseph Cirincione , president of the Ploughshares Fund and author of "  Deadly Arsenals : Nuclear , Biological and Chemical Threats , " said the level is far beyond 4 . "  We are way beyond Three Mile Island level and heading into Chernobyl territory , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  This is at least a 5 , probably a 6 and it could end up a 7 . " He added , "  This is not going to end well . At the very least , we 're going to have a very expensive mess to clean up , and the worst is that we we spread radioactive particles across hundreds or thousands of square miles of Japan . " The Institute for Science and International Security agreed the initial rating was low . "  The explosion in the Unit 2 reactor , the third so far , and the fire in the spent fuel pond in the reactor building for Unit 4 means that this accident can no longer be viewed as a level 4 on the INES scale , " the institute said Tuesday in a posting on its website . "  This event is now closer to a level 6 , and it may unfortunately reach a level 7 , " it said . Level 6 events have broad consequences that require countermeasures to deal with the radioactive contamination . Level 7 events would constitute a larger release of radioactive material and would require further countermeasures . Another way to measure the incidents would be to rank them in comparison with Chernobyl , deemed the worst , and Three Mile Island . "  My guess is this is now number two , but I need to need to look at the data more carefully , " said James Acton , an associate in the Nuclear Policy Program at the Carnegie Endowment and a Stanton Nuclear Security Fellow . Tom Cochran , a senior scientist in the nuclear program at the Natural Resources Defense Council , said he would guess that the incident ranks "  a little worse than Three Mile Island and not nearly as bad as Chernobyl . " But , he complained , he could not look at the data because they had not been made available . "  There are too many variables : First is the lack of transparency on the part of the Japanese . " Even if the Japanese prove capable of keeping coolant in the three reactors that have experienced partial core meltdowns , many uncertainties remain , he said . One of them is whether the containment vessels will keep any molten nuclear material from entering the environment . "  If it does pool in the bottom of the reactor , after some period of time it will probably eat through the reactor into the primary containment area which is , or should be , sealed , but may not be , " he said . If the containment system is breached , "  you have more or less direct access to the environment . At that point , you expect the volatile fission products and the gaseous fission products to get out of the system . That would be things like Krypton 85 , Iodine 131 and Cesium 137 . " Given that prevailing winds were blowing out to sea and people who lived within 20 kilometers of the plant had been evacuated , Cochran said he was sanguine about the possible outcome . "  But you can always play the game of , what 's the worst-case situation ? And the worst case can get pretty bad . " Whatever happens , the incident will greatly affect the calculation of probabilities associated with nuclear power risk , he said . The probability of a core melt had been estimated at about one chance in 10,000 reactor years of operation , he said . "  We 've had now three core melts in 30 years in less than 500 reactors , he said , referring to Three Mile Island , Chernobyl and now Japan . "  So the probability of a partial core melt is one chance in several hundred instead of one chance in 10,000 . So , it 's not a good statistic . " Many experts said it could be a long time before they are able to determine the incident 's impact . "  We do n't know enough to assess the long-term or short-term effects of this , " said Kirby Kemper , a nuclear physicist , physics professor and vice president of research at Florida State University . Kemper said it appears the radioactive material released had largely dissipated into the atmosphere . However , he added , authorities would will have to test the soil for contamination in the 20-kilometer radius of the plant that was evacuated before anyone should be allowed to return home . Trying to place the situation on the INES scale is premature , said David Brenner , director of the Center for Radiological Research at Columbia University . "  I 've been asked to put a number on it a few times and I 've resisted , " he said . Cochran said his concerns transcend nuclear power . "  We 've watched Exxon Valdez , the BP oil spill , numerous coal mining accidents , Chernobyl , TMI , now Fukushima , slag ponds , TVA  Tennessee Valley Authority  reactors giving way . You have got to ask yourself , how many wake-up calls do you need before you get serious about building a safe , renewable-energy economy ? " CNN 's Alanne Orjoux , Tom Watkins , Michael Pearson and Richard Greene contributed to this report	Nuclear physicist : "  We do n't know enough to assess the long-term or short-term effects " The IAEA is not rating the latest incident in Japan on the international scale Some experts say there 's too little information to determine long-term effects
Portsmouth , New Hampshire  CNN  -- At 3:30 a.m. , Stefany Shaheen awoke to a feeling of uneasiness . Something was not quite right with her daughter , Elle . Creeping into her bedroom , Shaheen removed a lancet from its wrapper and poked her diabetic daughter 's finger . Putting the blood onto the testing strip , she saw the results : dangerously low blood sugar . Shaheen woke Elle up and gave her orange juice to keep her from slipping into unconsciousness . Shaheen was relieved her motherly intuition had told her something was wrong with Elle that night , but she wished she did n't have to rely on it . She yearned for an automatic way of knowing when Elle was dipping into a dangerously high or low blood sugar -- and not just at night , but at school , where the 12-year-old is largely responsible for monitoring her own blood sugar . Then last week , Shaheen got her wish . Elle was selected to try out an experimental device called an artificial or "  bionic " pancreas . During the three-day study , Elle did n't have to poke her finger every few hours to find out her blood sugar level because the "  bionic " pancreas recorded it automatically and adjusted her insulin accordingly . Shaheen did n't have to set her alarm to wake up every three hours at night because the device was designed to catch a dangerously high or low blood sugar and treat it . "  For the first time since she was diagnosed , I did n't have to worry , " says Shaheen , who lives in Portsmouth , New Hampshire . Medical device companies are racing to be the first to market an artificial pancreas , which takes over the work of the diabetic 's malfunctioning organ . The device could potentially be used for Type 1 diabetics or Type 2 diabetics who use insulin . "  It 's transformative technology , " says Aaron Kowalski , assistant vice president for treatment therapies research at JDRF , a research foundation for juvenile diabetes . JDRF is funding artificial pancreas trials at 13 sites worldwide , including Yale University , Stanford University , the University of Virginia and the University of Colorado . Device companies also are funding several other studies . "  It 's looking incredibly promising , " Kowalski says . "  I hope very much we 'll have a system on the market within four years , and I 'll be very disappointed if we do n't . " ` Pale and pasty ... and all by herself ' It was Elle who urged her mother to enroll her in an artificial pancreas study . The Shaheens first heard about the artificial pancreas shortly after Elle was diagnosed with diabetes at age 8 , but she had to be 12 years old to enroll . So the day she turned 12 this past September , she started bugging her parents . "  She was constantly reminding me , ` Mom , you need to call , you need to call , ' " Shaheen remembers . Her mother was only too happy to comply . There had been several middle-of-the-night close calls , plus some desperate situations at school where the staff nurse was responsible for 450 children and "  ill-equipped , " Shaheen says , to handle the needs of a diabetic child . "  I got a call from Elle one morning . She was in the school office and her voice was trembling , and she said ` Mom , I need you to come quick . I do n't know what 's wrong , ' " Shaheen says . "  I got there and her blood sugar was dropping like a rock . She was pale and pasty and sweating profusely and all by herself . " A glimpse of the dream In January , Elle walked into Massachusetts General Hospital to start the trial . Doctors fitted her for an artificial pancreas . In the future , the device will be the size of a cell phone , but for now Elle is hooked up to a laptop . For three days , the device did the work Elle 's pancreas can no longer do . "  It went very smoothly -- her blood sugar control was really very , very good , " said Dr. Steven Russell , an instructor at Harvard Medical School . "  We were really very pleased by what we saw with Elle . " Russell 's research partner , Edward Diamano , an associate professor of biomedical engineering at Boston University , says the device learned Elle 's blood sugar patterns and made changes accordingly . "  It 's making adjustments every five minutes , " he says . For that one weekend , Elle did n't have to draw blood , and she could eat foods she had n't eaten in large quantities for four years . "  She ate Spaghetti-O 's and grilled cheese and french fries and hamburgers , " Shaheen says . "  She ate between 67 and 100 grams of carbs -LSB- every meal -RSB- , and usually she can only eat between 40 and 50 . " Then , after the experiment , Elle had to leave the artificial pancreas behind , and it was back to counting carbs and poking herself every couple of hours . Her mother reset the nighttime alarm clock . "  We 're extraordinarily impatient for access to the device , " Shaheen says . "  I think it will revolutionize the way she lives . " "  That was really hard , " Elle says . "  I just hope one day I can use it at home . " Baby steps Last week , Russell and Damiano visited the Food and Drug Administration offices in Silver Spring , Maryland , to show regulators a prototype for the artificial pancreas . The device itself can be worn in a pocket or clipped to a belt . Two tiny pieces go under the skin , one to detect glucose levels in the blood and another to deliver insulin and glucagon , a drug used to raise very low blood sugar . Algorithms determine how much insulin and Glucagon the patient needs , and if necessary the patient can manually override the device . So far , the FDA has required doctors to keep patients inside the hospital while their using the device . The potential benefits are enormous , Dr. Charles Zimliki , who chairs the FDA 's Artificial Pancreas Critical Path Initiative , testified before a Senate committee last year . But "  if not properly designed , use of an artificial pancreas device in an outpatient setting can place patients at significant risk . " Russell said he hopes that by the fall , the FDA will give him permission to allow adult diabetic patients to leave the building and walk the grounds of the Massachusetts General Hospital campus accompanied by a nurse , eating as they like and using the hospital 's gym . Then by the summer of 2013 , he hopes to give the artificial pancreas to children attending a summer camp . "  These are all baby steps towards what we ultimately want to do , which is give them the device and say , ` Go home and check back with us in a week , ' " Russell says . Shaheen is closely watching the proceedings at the FDA , with the help of her mother , Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , D-New Hampshire , who co-chairs the Senate Diabetes Caucus . "  We 're extraordinarily impatient for access to the device , " she says . "  I think it will revolutionize the way she lives . "	Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation funding 13 artificial pancreas trials In the future , the device will be the size of a cell phone , attached to a belt Algorithms determine how much insulin and Glucagon the patient needs
Cairo  CNN  -- About half all Egypt 's registered voters had cast ballots through the second and final day of the country 's historic presidential election , a top elections official said Thursday . Voting continued into the night Thursday . Farouk Sultan , head of the Higher Presidential Committee , vowed on state television that the election would continue until the last person in any given polling station had cast his vote . Amid worries by some that Egypt 's current military rulers might somehow hijack the election , Sultan detailed the vote counting process -- including checks and balances aimed at insuring credibility . According to the committee head , votes will be tallied in the various polling locales by a judge and in the presence of representatives of the candidates . Each final count will be announced aloud , then an official report will be filed that can be viewed by nonprofit groups , the media and candidates , said Sultan . There are 13 candidates on the ballot , although two withdrew from the race after ballots were printed . If no candidate gets a majority of the vote in the first round , a second round will be held June 16-17 . Results of the first round are not expected before the weekend . Government employees were given the day off work to vote to decide who will be Egypt 's first president since Hosni Mubarak , who led the North African nation for 30 years before resigning amid a popular outcry . He is awaiting the court 's verdict and could potentially face the death penalty after going on trial for allegedly ordering the killing of anti-government protesters and corruption . Voting went smoothly in a northern suburb of Cairo earlier Thursday , where women waited between 30 and 45 minutes to cast their ballots . A day earlier , a wave of enthusiasm swept across polling stations , with some waiting up to four hours to vote . "  Finally , Egypt is born , " one weeping 80-year-old man told U.S. Rep. David Dreier , a California Republican who is in Cairo as an election observer . Grandmother Nadia Fahmy , 70 , was so determined to be the first one to vote at her polling station that she camped out in a plastic chair for 2 1/2 hours before it opened on Wednesday . "  I am here to vote for the first time in my life , " said Fahmy . "  I want to see a new generation for my country . I want everything to change . " Zakaria : Is Egypt ready ? After polls closed that day , a former top U.N. official called the election a potential turning point for the country . If "  ordinary Egyptians see this as a legitimate expression of their own popular will , " regardless of who wins , "  then it can be a prelude to the real return of security and stability in the country , " said Mark Malloch Brown . The former top diplomat and development expert said he was very optimistic about what lay ahead for Egypt in a few years down the road , even if the country was probably in for a "  bumpy ride " in the short term . "  We went through this with Eastern Europe after 1989 , " when the Communist regimes there fell , Malloch Brown told CNN 's "  Connect the World " program . "  It just takes time . People need to settle into a new political order . Whatever happens in the next months , people need to just hold onto the fact that  Egypt  will get there . " He predicted that a post-revolutionary Egypt would be "  a little bit more Islamic than it was before , a little bit more feisty and independent vis-a-vis the U.S. and Israel , " while domestically , it would "  really try and focus on doing a much better deal for poor Egyptians . " Egypt elections : ` Women need a champion ' The voting is a monumental achievement for those who worked to topple Mubarak in one of the seminal developments of the Arab Spring more than a year ago . And it could reverberate far beyond the country 's borders , since Egypt is in many ways the center of gravity of the Arab world . Egyptian police officers convicted of murder in protest crackdown "  Egypt has always set trends in the Arab world and for Arab political thought . Trends spread through the Arab world and eventually affect even non-Arab , Muslim-majority countries , " said Maajid Nawaz , the chairman of Quilliam , a London-based think tank . Egypt 's election "  bodes well for the rest of the Arab world and particularly those countries that have had uprisings , " said Nawaz , a former Islamist who was imprisoned in Egypt for four years for banned political activism . In a report released Thursday , Amnesty International was critical of the military leaders who rule Egypt in its annual report on human rights around the world . "  In some cases they 've continued the abuses of the Mubarak regime , in that over 100 people have been killed in the streets in demonstrations as a result of excessive force used by security or military forces , " said Philip Luther , deputy director for the advocacy group 's Middle East and North Africa program . Amnesty is also opposed to the use of "  virginity testing " on some women protesters , saying it is "  tantamount to torture and totally unacceptable . " The authorities have not done enough to ensure that women can contribute on an equal footing with men to the ongoing process of political reform , Luther also said . Amnesty wants whoever takes office as president to end the state of emergency and end the use of military trials for civilians . Egypt 's revolution : ` We fell in love , but it was a trick ' The concern about the powerful military possibly swaying this week 's vote persists despite the insistence of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces that it will hand over power to an elected civilian government . The military leaders put armored personnel carriers on the streets with loudspeakers broadcasting a message that they will relinquish power , but that did not convince doubters . Some 30,000 volunteers have fanned out to make sure the voting is fair , said organizers with the April 6 youth movement , which has long campaigned for greater democracy and rule of law in Egypt . They reported only minor violations on Wednesday , mostly supporters of one candidate or another trying to influence voters at polling stations . Nawaz , the analyst in London , said Egypt probably is not heading toward a simple case of the military either giving up control or rejecting the results of the election . Instead , he anticipated , there will be an "  unhappy settlement " where the military remains "  ever-present , in the shadows , " influencing the civilian government without controlling it . Old politics joins new in Egypt "  Egypt is going along similar lines to Turkey or Pakistan , " he said , naming two other countries that have formal democracies in place but where a powerful military can affect events . The degree to which the military continues to exercise control in Egypt will depend on who wins the election , Nawaz anticipated -- but he laughed aloud when asked to predict who that would be . Whoever wins the election , Nawaz said , will face tremendous challenges , even without worries about the army . "  They are inheriting a failed economy , an abysmal bureaucracy , a frustrated people , and a deep distrust on behalf of the people towards their military and any policing , " Nawaz said . Protesters are upset at what they see as the slow pace of reform since Mubarak 's ouster . Some are also concerned that the country 's military leadership is delaying the transition to civilian rule . And Egypt has an elaborate political mosaic where alliances shift quickly , he added . Secular democrats oppose military rule , for example , but if an Islamist candidate wins the presidency , "  Some of the democrats would switch because they would rather have military rule than the Islamists , " Nawaz said . Opinion : Egypt 's military must stop torturing detainees "  It 's far more complicated than ` Islamists vs. liberal democracy . ' It 's rich vs. poor ,  hardline  Salafists vs. the  more moderate  Muslim Brotherhood , secularists vs. Islamists , " he said . On top of that , the country does not yet have a new constitution defining the powers of the president or the parliament , after a court last month suspended the committee charged with writing it . The court ruled that the members of the committee did not reflect the national population well enough . Among the candidates vying for the presidency are Mohamed Morsi , of the Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party ; Amre Moussa , who served as foreign minister under Mubarak and headed the Arab League ; Abdelmonen Abol Fotoh , a moderate Islamist running as a respected independent ; Ahmed Shafik , who was Mubarak 's last prime minister ; and Hamdeen Sabahy , a leftist dark-horse contender . In January , two Islamist parties -- the Freedom and Justice Party with 235 seats and the conservative Al Nour party with 121 seats -- won about 70 % of the seats in the lower house of parliament in the first elections for an elected governing body in the post-Mubarak era . The rest of the assembly 's 498 seats were divided among other parties . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz and Hala Gorani and journalists Ian Lee and Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report from Cairo . Richard Allen Greene and Laura-Smith Spark reported from London .	NEW : A top Egyptian election official reports 50 % turnout through the second day of voting NEW : He details the vote-counting procedures aimed at ensuring fairness and credibility If none of the 13 presidential candidates gets a majority , there will be a run-off The elections could help bring security to Egypt 's people , a former U.N. official says
San Jose , California  CNN  -- A California jury Thursday acquitted a man charged with assaulting a retired Catholic priest , in a case that prosecutors had described as a vigilante attack . William Lynch , 44 , was accused of confronting the Rev. Jerold Lindner , 68 , during a visit at Sacred Heart Retirement home for Jesuit priests in Los Gatos , California , where Lindner had been living since retirement in 2001 . Prosecutors claimed that Lynch walked into the retirement center on May 10 , 2010 , under the pretense of delivering news about a relative , and attacked his former pastor . Lynch and his younger brother had claimed more than a decade earlier that Lindner sexually molested them during church-led camping trips in northern California when they were 7 and 5 years old . Pennsylvania : Catholic cleric behind bars in landmark sex abuse case During Lynch 's assault trial , Lindner denied abusing the boys and maintained his innocence from the witness stand . But two days into Lindner 's testimony , his attorney notified the court that his client was invoking his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination and would not testify further for fear of a perjury prosecution . Lynch also took the witness stand and testified that he only had wanted the priest to sign a confession , and he said he had punched him after experiencing an irrational fear triggered by memories of the alleged abuse . Lynch 's defense attorney , Pat Harris , claimed Lindner was responsible for his client 's actions . "  Society is the victim in all this ... because there 's a man sitting up there at Los Gatos who is a rapist , who molests children , and he 's allowed to go free , " Harris said . The statute of limitations on criminal molestation allegations had expired when Lynch and his brother went public with their allegations in 1997 . But in a civil lawsuit that was settled in 1998 , Lynch and his brother asserted that Lindner sodomized them and forced them to have sex with each other while Lindner watched . In that suit , Lynch and his brother received a $ 625,000 settlement with the Jesuits of the California Province . In the assault case against Lynch , he faced four counts stemming from the 2010 incident . The jury Thursday acquitted him on three counts and was unable to reach a decision on the fourth charge . The judge declared a mistrial on that count , and dismissed the charge . Connecticut priest charged with possession of child porn Dozens of Lynch supporters , including his parents , gathered with demonstration signs outside the Santa Clara County Courthouse proclaiming the defendant 's innocence . Before the trial , prosecutors offered Lynch a plea deal offer that would have required a year in jail . In closing arguments , prosecutors urged the jury to refrain from being swayed by Lynch 's emotional testimony describing the alleged childhood trauma he claimed to have endured at the hands of Lindner . After the verdict , Jim Muyo , a spokesman for the California Province of the Society of Jesus , released a statement saying they respect "  the legal process and the findings of the judge and jury in the case of William Lynch . " Church report : Children are safer from abuse Opinion : Teach children to protect their bodies	William Lynch was accused of confronting retired priest Jerold Lindner in 2010 Lynch and his younger brother had claimed they were abused by Lindner decades earlier A civil suit by the brothers against Lindner led to a $ 625,000 settlement in 1998 A jury Thursday acquitted Lynch on three counts , with a fourth dismissed after a deadlock
CNN  -- The fallout of an investigation into a drug testing lab could cause some trials in Delaware to be postponed for months . Delaware State Police investigators have taken control of the lab inside the state 's Office of the Chief Medical Examiner after discovering drug evidence submitted to the lab for analysis had been tampered with , substituted or gone missing , a state police spokesman said Monday . State investigators , along with the Delaware Attorney General 's Office , launched a joint investigation late last month when a sealed evidence envelope was opened in court during a drug prosecution in Kent County and prosecutors discovered Oxycontin pills had been replaced with blood pressure medicine . The drug lab is sealed as police inspect and audit the drugs in evidence there , and the lab has stopped conducting drug analysis . State police spokesman Sgt. Paul Shavack said it is too early to know how many criminal drug cases might have been affected . In light of the investigation , the state has requested all pending trials involving drug evidence submitted to that drug lab be stayed for 60 days . Police say there are no charges pending . Police departments around the state have been asked to audit their own drug evidence for any potential evidence tampering .	State investigators have taken control of a drug testing lab in Delaware They are trying to find out if evidence has been tampered with , substituted or removed A sealed envelope opened in court during a drug trial contained a surprise switch The state wants pending trials involving the lab be stayed for 60 days
CNN  -- When Jason Njoku graduated from his UK-based university in 2005 , he was filled with high hopes of entrepreneurial success . But after his business endeavors failed to take off for years , Njoku had no option but to move back to his mother 's house in London . Returning home as a penniless 29-year-old was "  a harrowing experience " but provided Njoku , a chemist by training , with his Eureka moment -- he realized there 's a growing appetite for Nollywood films after noticing how his mother and other relatives had difficulties getting their hands on their beloved movies from Nigeria 's booming film industry . The tech entrepreneur spotted the gap in the market and in 2010 he founded iROKO Partners , an internet company that distributes Nollywood films to viewers across the world . Described as the "  Netflix of Africa , " Njoku 's company has today grown to have more than 500,000 registered users . It has offices in London , New York and Lagos with some 100 staff and has secured $ 8 million in funding from U.S.-based hedge fund Tiger Global , early investors in Facebook . Earlier this week it launched a new internet subscription service which enables viewers to watch exclusive Nollywood films for $ 5 a month . CNN 's Marketplace Africa spoke to Njoku about entrepreneurship in Africa , Nollywood and his plans for the future . CNN : Why did you decide to launch the subscription service ? Jason Njoku : When we started the company , iROKO Partners , we were trying to solve the massive , I would say , dislocation in the popularity of Nollywood and the value it 's created . A big part of what we did was actually focusing on cleaning up and organizing the content so we can provide a superior user experience , something which Nollywood lovers can really be proud of . Read more : Nigerian blockbusters for the internet generation Having more than 500,000 registered users in a short space of time demonstrates that the appetite is there . People really love this content , which means it should be organized and given to them in the best format possible . We 've spent a lot of money -- in the industry , licenses , organizing our team , we 've got a staff of 100 people -- so our view is that some additional value needs to ... be given to this new subscription service we 're rolling out ,  called  iROKOtv + . CNN : Your company has been described as the Netflix of Africa . Do you want to be as big as Netflix ? JN : At the moment we are focusing on the 30 million African diaspora . We 've just reached 500,000 registered users , we think our additional market in the West is at least five to 10 million people , there are lots of Africans who love this stuff . I guess , ultimately , the big market is Nigeria ... this is where the content originates from . If you spend any time in Nigeria , it is difficult to come across a person who has n't heard of Nollywood . But at the same time , the pan-African nature of it -- from the Kenyans to the Ghanaians to Gambians to people in the DRC -- there 's a massive base of people who really love this content . So because of the broadband restrictions in Africa , we are currently focused on the diaspora . CNN : Do you see the potential in the future to become as big as Netflix ? JN : I think Netflix has 25 million subscribers across South America , U.S. Canada and the UK . We are really young , as ambitious as we want to be . Are there 25 million people who love this content ? Most definitely there are 25 million people in Nigeria who love this content . Are they willing to pay for it ? That 's the big experiment we 're kind of playing now . So we would n't want to compare ourselves to Netflix but we have an interest and opportunity to at least get somewhere along that line . CNN : Where are most of your viewers based ? JN : Currently our biggest markets are the U.S. , the UK , Canada , Italy and Germany . See also : African cinema at Cannes CNN : What about Nigeria ? JN : Nigeria has been growing -- I think it 's in the top 10 , but , again , just to put it in context , I believe we have more people watching just in London than we do have in the whole of Nigeria . CNN : Web connectivity and internet penetration are major issues in Africa . Have there been any improvements recently ? JN : Eighteen months ago when I moved to Nigeria , broadband was really expensive and not that great . Now it 's less expensive and it 's much better . Internet adoption has definitely exploded in Nigeria and we feel it 's better -- again , we 're trying to serve very data-intensive , bandwidth hogging files , so we 're always going to be slower on the uptake but it is improving . Read more : Web savvy Africans fuel online shopping CNN : What prompted you to start the business ? JN : I went to university to study chemistry with high hopes , my mum was really happy . I graduated in 2005 and then I started an entrepreneurial sort of trail . Whereas my friends went into banking , consulting , finance , I just wanted to be an entrepreneur , to work in projects which really interested me . Unfortunately , for five , almost six years I failed miserably at being an entrepreneur . So , in fact , literally what prompted the whole genesis of iROKO was at 29 , almost 30 I had to move back with my mum . That was itself a harrowing experience but the interesting thing was that for the first time in eight years since I 'd moved out I was actually able to see the viewing patterns of my mom change ... She 'd gone from watching western films to watching African films . Watch : Africa 's internet awakening Because I was able to observe her and we lived together then I could actually relate and she 'd spend hours watching it . Then I had to drive her around to go and see my aunts and uncles who I had n't seen in a long time -- it was exactly the same thing for these guys and I was like ` well , how can it be that so quickly so many people 's viewing , video and entertainment habits change . ' So it was really intriguing to find this stuff . Watch : Genevieve Nnaji : Nollywood 's Julia Roberts CNN : What has been the reaction from the Nigerian film industry ? JN : The key thing is that we 've invested more money in Nollywood in the shortest space of time -- far more than anybody else has done . We are remunerating movie producers who , quite rightly , are receiving additional revenue form their films as we have opened up a new funding avenue for them . Before , they were losing out to the pirates , now they are gaining financially from iROKOtv . Hopefully this new approach to monetizing Nollywood content will lead to producers re-investing in their films .	Jason Njoku is the founder and chief executive of iROKO Partners The internet company distributes Nollywood films to viewers across the world Called the ` Netflix of Africa , ' Njoku 's company has over 500,000 registered users He says iROKO has invested more money in Nigeria 's film industry than anyone else
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court will hear arguments this week in two same-sex marriage cases . Whatever the justices do , the outcome seems foreordained . When 80 % of Americans under 30 agree about something , that something will happen -- it 's only a matter of time . But while straight young Americans support marriage for gays , increasingly they opt against marriage for themselves . Nearly half of American children , 48 % , are now born to unmarried women . Among women without college degrees , and of all races , unwed motherhood has become the norm . This is the crisis of the American family . Whether same-sex marriage proceeds fast or slow , whether it extends to all 50 states or stops with the current nine plus the District of Columbia , the crisis will be the same . Marriage and the Supreme Court : Five things to watch Children born to single parents face much longer odds in life than children born to married parents .  A new study by ThirdWay.org suggests that the harms are especially intense for boys , less so for girls .  "  Odds " are not rules , of course . There are always exceptions . On average , however , children born to married mothers and fathers are more likely to finish college , more likely to avoid prison and more likely to form marriages themselves than children born to single parents . And precisely because the harms of single parenthood tend to be self-replicating , the breakdown of marriage threatens to harden into a caste divide , with some families launched into cycles of downward mobility because of the unstable relationships of parents or grandparents or great-grandparents . For 20 years , Americans have fiercely debated whether gays -- who constitute maybe 3 % of the population -- should be allowed to marry each other . Meanwhile , Americans have given short shrift to what is happening to the 97 % of the population that is allowed to marry , but increasingly opts not to do so . Chief Justice Roberts ' lesbian cousin to attend same-sex marriage hearings One reason we 've given the single-parenthood problem short shrift is that we lack good ideas about how to address it . The core of the problem seems to be the decline of male wages relative to female wages . The New York Times this week quoted an MIT economist , Michael Greenstone : "  I think the greatest , most astonishing fact that I am aware of in social science right now is that women have been able to hear the labor market screaming out ` You need more education ' and have been able to respond to that , and men have not . And it 's very , very scary for economists because people should be responding to price signals . And men are not . It 's a fact in need of an explanation . " As men  on average  finish less education , as male wages  on average  decline , men become less attractive as marital partners . As Harvard 's Christopher Jencks -- a left-leaning academic , it should be stressed -- said in that same New York Times piece : "  Single-parent families tend to emerge in places where the men already are a mess . " Sutter : The county where no one 's gay But how do we make men without a college education less of a mess ? This is the master problem of American society , and not only American society . Everywhere in the developed world , the decline of mass-production industries has put pressure on the roles and incomes of working-class and middle-class men . The expansion of government and service industries has opened new opportunities for women , of which working-class and middle-class men seem less able to avail themselves . It 's important to note that men in full-time work continue to earn more than women in full-time work . But that bottom-line number conceals a widening divergence between the family patterns of the college-educated top one-third , where family life is increasingly stable , and those of the non-college-educated bottom two-thirds , where family life is increasingly disrupted . It 's the family life of the bottom two-thirds that is the family policy challenge of the 21st century . The debate over same-sex marriage is yesteryear 's issue . It 's settled , whether the Supreme Court knows it or not . But how to ensure that the next generation of American children enjoys the more equal chance and the wider opportunities from a more universal commitment to marriage -- that debate needs to begin . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Young people overwhelmingly support same-sex marriage He says a bigger question is the future of marriage in general Younger Americans are increasingly choosing not to get married Frum : Children born to single parents face much longer odds in life
