CNN  -- House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi fired back Sunday at a CBS News ' "  60 Minutes " report that highlighted several instances of what it suggested could be "  soft corruption . " The show looked at the investments of various lawmakers -- including Pelosi , House Speaker John Boehner and Republican Rep. Spencer Bachus of Alabama -- who reportedly bought stocks around the same time legislation involving those investments was being discussed . Pelosi and her husband participated in an initial public offering of Visa in 2008 , according to CBS . They bought 5,000 shares at the initial price of $ 44 ; two days later , shares were trading at $ 64 , CBS said . The network reported the investment came at the same time a piece of legislation that was opposed by credit-card companies was making its way through the House . "  Congress has never done more for consumers nor has the Congress passed more critical reforms of the credit card industry than under the Speakership of Nancy Pelosi , " Pelosi spokesman , Drew Hammill , said in a statement soon after the report aired Sunday night . "  It is very troubling that 60 Minutes would base their reporting off of an already-discredited conservative author who has made a career of out attacking Democrats , " he added . CBS said it used as a starting point for its story the research of Peter Schweizer , a fellow at the Hoover Institution , a conservative think tank at Stanford University . About a year ago , he began work on a book about "  soft corruption " in Washington , CBS reported . The network said it had independently verified the material it used . Pelosi 's spokesman criticized the CBS story for failing to note that the "  legislation in question was reported out of the Judiciary Committee on October 3 , 2008 -- the day the House was consumed in passing TARP and also the last day the House was in session before the November election . " It also failed to note that in September 2008 , the House passed the Credit Cardholders ' Bill of Rights , Hammill said . "  In the next Congress , the House and Senate passed and President Obama signed the Credit Cardholders ' Bill of Rights and the Dodd-Frank legislation , which included a stronger , more direct approach to addressing swipe fees , " the spokesman said . In addition to Pelosi , the CBS report took a look at the investments of of Bachus and Boehner . In mid-September 2008 , Bachus , then a ranking member on the House Committee on Financial Services , met with then-Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and lawmakers about the imminent collapse of the global economy , CBS reported . At the same time , Bachus bought options funds , betting markets would go down , CBS said . He also traded General Electric stock , and roughly a third of GE 's business is in financial services , CBS reported . Bachus declined to talk to CBS , but his office provided a statement that said the representative never trades on non-public information , or financial services stock . Meanwhile , Boehner , who in 2009 was the House Minority leader , bought health-insurance stocks during the health care debate , all of which increased in value after the so-called public option was killed , CBS reported . Boehner was very much against the public option . He also declined to be interviewed , but spoke to CBS ' Steve Kroft at a press conference . "  I have not made any decisions on day-to-day trading activities in my account -- and have n't for years . I do n't -- I do not do it , have n't done it and would n't do it , " he said . A senior House GOP aide told CNN that Boehner 's financial adviser bought a range of blue chip stocks around the same time -- not just health care stocks -- after he closed out the retirement account from his small business . "  The idea that the Republican leader in the House opposed the public option -- policy favored by the left of the left -- for personal profit is , frankly , stupid , " said the aide . CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	CBS News ' "  60 Minutes " airs a report looking at lawmakers ' investments Pelosi defends her record on fighting credit-card companies CBS also looks at investments made by Boehner and Rep. Bachus
CNN  -- The United States and its allies have plenty to worry about in Afghanistan and Pakistan , with al Qaeda , two Talibans , the Haqqani Network and a plethora of other militant groups active . But the United States and intelligence analysts believe another group , one of Pakistan 's most powerful and well-established , is also broadening its horizons . It is Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , which means "  Army of the Pure . " It was blamed for the attack on Mumbai , India , hotels in November 2008 in which nearly 200 people were killed over three days . That attack "  shows the organization 's global ambitions , " said Dan Benjamin , the U.S. State Department 's coordinator for counterterrorism . Bernjamin has been in Islamabad meeting Pakistani officials this week as part of a "  strategic dialogue " between the United States and Pakistan . Lashkar-e-Tayyiba "  appears to have a very complex mix of indigenous and international targets , " Benjamin said at a U.S. Embassy briefing Thursday . "  We are working with Pakistan 's civilian authorities to investigate further into this organization , but definitely -LSB- Lashkar-e-Tayyiba -RSB- maintains some level of connections with al Qaeda , " Benjamin said at the briefing -LSB- WHEN added above -RSB- . Earlier this year , Benjamin said of the Mumbai attacks : "  The target was set directly out of -LSB- Osama -RSB- bin Laden 's book , filling the gap created by a diminished al Qaeda . " Lashkar-e-Tayyiba claims it is focused on the same issue as it was when created : freeing the disputed territory of Kashmir from Indian rule , experts say . In a rare interview earlier this year , the man widely regarded as the organization lader , Hafiz Muhammad Saeed , told The Independent newspaper that the group was not involved in the Mumbai attacks , despite substantial evidence to the contrary . Lashkar-e-Tayyiba was allegedly behind several high-profile attacks in India . And it is precisely because it is aimed at India 's presence in Kashmir that the organization has been tolerated and even supported by Pakistani officials over the years -- even after it was banned there in 2002 , intelligence officials and some Pakistani officials say . The current Pakistani ambassador to Washington , Husain Haqqani , wrote three years ago that Lashkar-e-Tayyiba was "  backed by Saudi money and protected by Pakistani intelligence services . " Saeed has been periodically put under house arrest when things have got a little overheated , but the group maintains an expansive compound near Lahore in Punjab and according to intelligence analysts remains well-connected to elements of Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence or ISI . NATO in Afghanistan believes Lashkar is extensively involved with militant groups there . Friday , the International Security Assistance Force said it had detained a Taliban commander in the eastern Nangahar province who had "  assisted with the recent influx of -LSB- Lashkar-e-Tayyiba -RSB- insurgents into the province . " They are believed to have worked with the Haqqani Network to carry out attacks on Indian targets in Kabul , including several this year . Much to Pakistan 's consternation , India has expanded its presence in Afghanistan , especially through Indian government-aided construction and training projects , since the overthrow of the Taliban . Lashkar-e-Tayyiba fighters are also believed to have joined the Taliban in attacks on U.S. Forward Operating Bases in eastern Afghanistan over the last couple of years . One scholar who has long studied Lashkar believes it is well placed to expand its activities . "  Evidence suggests Lashkar has support cells in the Persian Gulf , Britain , North America , mainland Europe , and possibly Australia , " wrote Stephen Tankel this year in a paper for the New America Foundation . The case of David Headley suggests that is the case . The Pakistani-born American citizen confessed this year to a planning role in the Mumbai attacks and a conspiracy with senior figures in Lashkar-e-Tayyiba to attack the office in Copenhagen of the Danish newspaper that published cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed in 2005 . He said he visited Pakistan several times to meet with Lashkar leaders .	Lashkar-e-Tayyiba blamed for attack on Mumbai , India , hotels in November 2008 Organization has "  complex mix of indigenous and international targets , " State Department says Lashkar-e-Tayyiba says it is focused only on freeing Kashmir from Indian rule , experts say Lashkar-e-Tayyiba joined Taliban in attacks on U.S. bases in Afghanistan , experts say
CNN  -- Death Cab for Cutie , the Grammy-nominated indie band that shot to the top of the Billboard charts with its latest album , "  Narrow Stairs , " has come a long way since its basement-recording beginnings in Bellingham , Washington . Chris Walla , left , and Nick Harmer of indie band Death Cab for Cutie discuss their newly released EP . Together for more than 10 years and formed while its members attended Western Washington University , the band has six studio albums behind them , their songs have graced popular TV and film soundtracks , and their sell-out tours have brought the musicians all over the globe . But the success is not something the group takes for granted . "  We never got into this for world domination . There were never designs to be ` rock stars , ' " said Chris Walla , guitarist and producer . "  The fact that I get to make a living doing something that I just passionately love to do is something that I wake up every day and am thankful for , " added Nick Harmer , bass player . "  It 's not lost on me ; it really is n't . It 's phenomenal . " Death Cab for Cutie , which is named after a song performed by the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band in the 1967 Beatles film "  Magical Mystery Tour , " released "  The Open Door EP " last month . It 's a compilation of tracks that did n't find a home on "  Narrow Stairs " but that the band did n't want to lose forever . Days before their most recent tour cycle ended and before the summer tour begins , Walla and Harmer -- two of the band 's four members -- sat down with CNN to discuss the latest EP , the current bands that move them and the darkness that may or may not drive their music . CNN : Talk to me about the band 's name , which was selected by Ben Gibbard , Death Cab for Cutie 's founder . If you could turn back the clock , would you go with something different ? Chris Walla : -LSB- Ben -RSB- was in a "  Magical Mystery Tour " all-the-time kind of phase . He made a grand proclamation from the couch at one point that if he ever had another band , he was going to call it Death Cab for Cutie . Nick Harmer : Knowing what we know now , Ben has said that he would love to have shortened it somehow to a snappier name . We joke about changing it . CNN : To what ? Chris Walla : Exactly ! All the band names are taken . CNN : Why release an EP  extended play ; more than a single but less than a full-on album  right now ? Is it a taste of things to come ? Harmer : We 've always treated the EP as kind of a side dish to the main course during an album cycle . These are songs that were recorded at the same time as the songs that made the album "  Narrow Stairs . " They 're sort of part of this chapter of the band . For us , it 's a nice way to have some new songs to play on tour , kind of get some new material in the world and keep things interesting . We recorded them . They were finished . It would be kind of weird to leave them on a reel someplace . CNN : How has the state of the economy , if at all , affected your tour and plans ? Walla : This tour has done really , really well for us . If anything , I think that we 're more mindful of just the fact that in a world of so many entertainment choices how amazing it really is to be on a really successful , solid , good tour . Harmer : We really have n't seen an impact . I expected there to be one , to be honest , but all the numbers are pretty consistent with all the touring numbers we 've ever done . CNN : Let 's talk a bit about the persona of indie rock musicians : the depression , the melancholy , the darkness . What do your parents make of this ? Are there any issues you 'd like to discuss ? Walla : Our parents are all terrible people . We all came from broken homes .  laugh Harmer : We cry a whole lot ...  laugh Walla : It 's not by design . We have great families . We have great homes . It 's sort of hard to explain , I guess . ... We do this because music totally moves us in a complete and absolute sort of way . It ends up just coming out in heart-on-your-sleeve , heavy , sort of really personal ways . Harmer : I 've always felt like it 's more about the bittersweet qualities of life than it is about the dark brooding . ... It 's more about just being honest about the different stations that you find yourself in in life . CNN : What bands are you listening to these days ? Who do you really like ? Harmer : That 's the thing about being on the road with so many people that are music fans . There 's always a new record that someone 's found that we 're listening to . Ben is really kind of always combing through old records . I think -LSB- Walla -RSB- and I probably do more on the what 's new and what 's out in the world . The Gaslight Anthem , I hear them all the time now . Walla : Yeah , the Gaslight Anthem record 's great . There 's a band from Seattle called the Lonely Forest whose record I just picked up . They 're a new band , it came out few weeks ago , and that 's totally doing it for me right now . ... Telekinesis from Seattle , the new Metric record I think is great . Those are the big ones right now . CNN : Tell me about your political involvement and your backing of causes .  Walla , for example , got involved in the Obama campaign and has done some work for PETA . Walla : It 's little things here and there , which is sort of how I feel activism should work . You ca n't do everything all the time , but you can do what you can when you can . I wish I could do more , but ... not everybody can be Bono .	Death Cab for Cutie , the Grammy-nominated indie band , has a new EP Chris Walla and Nick Harmer discuss the music , their moods and bands they like Harmer : "  Bittersweet qualities of life " and not "  dark brooding " drive songs Walla on activism : "  You ca n't do everything all the time . ... Not everybody can be Bono "
InStyle.com  -- How many closets does it take to make a "  Desperate Housewife " happy ? Just one , if it 's anything like Parker 's . We got a guided tour -- and learned a lot more about the fashion-savvy star than her taste in shoes . "  I love my new name . In Texas people are formal , so now it 's ` Mrs. Parker . ' I feel old ! But I love it . " Best dress A "  gorgeous 1950s-style cocktail dress by Gustavo Cadile is my absolute favorite . It 's fun , but classic too , " says Parker . Treasured keepsake A clutch that belonged to her aunt : "  She was the glue of our family . It 's so beautiful and so impractical -- nothing fits in it . " Watch what else is in her closet " First Christmas gift from Tony Parker A necklace designed by Monique Lhuillier . "  It 's his Spurs number . I love it . " Loves , but does n't know what to do with A "  quirky lip-shaped purse by Judith Leiber . I ca n't figure out how to wear it ! " Fashion faux pas "  One time , my mom and aunt Didi were helping me clean out my closet . Aunt Didi had taken off her jacket . I grabbed it and was like , ` What is this ? Who would give me this ugly thing ? ' And she was like , ` That 's mine ! ' " Go-to outfit "  A thermal top , a scarf , and I 'm not just saying this because she 's my friend , but I love my Victoria Beckham DVB jeans . She sent me three pairs -- they 're perfect . " First splurge "  I 'd always wanted Uggs , but I always had the impostors -- the Muggs , the Thuggs , the everything but . I still wear -LSB- them -RSB- . " Owns in multiples "  Christian Louboutin espadrille wedges . They 're so high ! I have them in every color . I 've sprained my ankle walking on the cobblestones in Paris wearing them . They 're a beautiful pain . " Cool freebie "  Richard Tyler mules . I did a photo shoot and they said I could keep them . I simply could not believe someone would give me a $ 300 pair of shoes . I was fascinated ! " Most expensive item "  My hot-pink crocodile Hermès Birkin bag . Robert Verdi , my stylist , told me , ` Wear it with everything -- even to bed . This is going to be handed down in your will . ' " E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2007 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Desperate Housewives " actress Eva Longoria Parker gives peek into closet Says she has Christian Louboutin espadrille wedges in every color . Her most-expensive item is a hot-pink crocodile Hermès Birkin bag
They come from all over the world wearing her apparel or even dressed as her lookalike . It is , after all , the first convention for an icon whose image of irrepressible cuteness can send its worshippers swooning . Hello Kitty is celebrating its 40th year in grand fashion in one of downtown Los Angeles ' classiest museums , and there are so many exhibits and so much merchandise for sale in the Museum of Contemporary Art that Hello Kitty fans are finding it hard to say goodbye . Even songstress Katy Perry made an appearance to receive a Hello Kitty tattoo on her finger . As celebratory as it is , the owners of Hello Kitty forbid any use of Happy Birthday Kitty salutations . Instead , they insist on calling the first "  Hello Kitty Con " an anniversary party . Though the icon 's official "  birthday " is November 1 , the faithful never use an age for her , explains Harvard professor Christine R. Yano , who 's written a book about Hello Kitty . "  We are celebrating Hello Kitty 's 40th anniversary , and it 's just a global gathering of Hello Kitty fans from around the world to celebrate their love for Hello Kitty , " said Dave Marchi , senior director of marketing for the Japanese firm Sanrio , owner of the character and its global merchandising . "  Hello Kitty means so much to so many people in many different ways , " he added . "  But I think it 's easily explained she 's just an ambassador of happiness , and she connects with people emotionally so she 's all about happiness and friendship and fun . " Hello billion of dollars in sales Hello Kitty is also big business : she did more than $ 8 billion in retail business in 2013 , Marchi said . That 's a lot of T-shirts , purses , notes , stickers , backpacks , school supplies , pencils and so on -- all bearing the icon 's image . And more is being added to the lucrative kitty with $ 30 tickets for adults and $ 20 tickets for children 6 to 12 for the festival . "  Hello Kitty is a citizen of the world , we like to say , " said Janet Hsu , president of Sanrio Inc. "  I think her message of representing friendship , kindness , is really contagious and it 's growing . " Not surprisingly , enthusiasts are stampeding to the conference site , which includes the participation of the Japanese American National Museum in the nearby Little Tokyo neighborhood , where an exhibit shows the brand 's influence on art and culture . "  This has been overwhelming , " Hsu said . "  Over the course of the four days , we have sold over 25,000 tickets . We wished we could of actually had more people come , but the fire marshal gave us the no , no ! , and it 's just 100,000 square feet of just eye candy . " Alexis Hernandez , who 's been collecting Hello Kitty items since childhood , said she felt like she was in a fantasy land . "  It 's just amazing to walk around here and see only Hello Kitty , " Hernandez said . The kitty appeals to men , too . Gary Slaughter , who traveled more than 100 miles from San Diego , became a Hello Kitty fan about two years ago when one of his friends introduced him to the character . "  Hello Kitty makes everyone happy . She makes me happy , so it was a natural thing , " Slaughter said . Another gentleman , Allan Tea , got a free tattoo bearing the character 's image on his bicep . "  Hello Kitty is forever . She really does n't have no gender . As you can see from the Con , millions of people love her , " Tea said . He also bought merchandise with an unusual pairing : Hello Kitty with a snake . "  What I got was a Hello Kitty wrapped around with a snake , " Tea said . "  The reason I like the snake is because I 'm a snake in the Asian culture  calendar  , so I think it was a good fit with Hello Kitty . " Hello from another continent Jessica Perez , 40 , flew almost 8,000 miles from Lima , Peru , to attend the conference because she 's been dreaming about this event . "  She 's my friend , my companion . She 's with me at home , at the office and people who know me know that I 'm her fan , " Perez said . The event comes two months after the Hello Kitty world was rocked with the revelation that the icon is n't a cat at all . The image is really a cartoon character of a little girl with strong feline features , according to Yano , who is visiting professor of Japanese studies at Harvard and an anthropologist at the University of Hawaii . The anthropologist 's declaration was , let 's say , "  cataclysmic " for the international icon . Yano , who 's among the guest speakers at the conference , tried to explain the soul of the character . She wrote a book last year entitled "  Pink Globalization : Hello Kitty 's Trek Across the Pacific . " "  Hello Kitty obviously takes the form of a cat but in spirit , she more inhabits the presence -- and the internal of the heart-felt presence -- of a girl . A little girl . Your best friend . And now a kind of global icon celebrity , " Yano said . "  Hello Kitty is supposed to be a perpetual third-grader . She 's very friendly , she likes to travel , she likes her mother 's apple pie , so she 's kind of like a homebody but has an adventurous spirit , " Yano said . Perhaps , it 's a good thing that Hello Kitty represents a little girl and not a little cat . If it were a feline , its 40 years would equate to 177 human years old . Hardly a kitty any more .	Hello Kitty owner Sanrio sells 25,000 tickets to first ` Hello Kitty Con ' A fan travels from Peru to Los Angeles because "  she 's my friend , my companion " Even singer Katy Perry shows up to get a Hello Kitty tattoo on her finger Sanrio wants to sell more tickets but "  the fire marshal gave us the no , no ! "
CNN  -- Spain won the World Cup for the first time in its history as an extra-time goal from midfielder Andres Iniesta gave his country a last-gasp 1-0 victory over the Netherlands in the final at Soccer City . The showpiece game of the South Africa-hosted tournament on Sunday was littered with no less than 14 yellow cards and one red but was settled by a moment of magic by the Barcelona man after he was played in by substitute Cesc Fabregas . His 116th-minute strike was the goal all Spaniards were waiting for and spared both sides the agony of deciding the new world champions by penalties . The breakthrough came after the Dutch had been reduced to 10 men , following Johnny Heitinga 's dismissal in the second half of extra time by referee Howard Webb for a foul on Iniesta . "  It 's incredible , " Iniesta told gathered media in a post-match news conference . "  What a joy especially when you see how we won it . There are n't the words to describe what I am feeling . After my goal , I thought about my family and all the people who I love . But the victory is the fruit of a lot of work , " an emotional Iniesta told reporters . Spain coach Vincente del Bosque added to the happy sentiment following his side 's victory : "  Today is a reward for beautiful football . Everyone in the dressing room is ecstatic , " he said . Del Bosque , who won two European Cups when in charge of club side Real Madrid , dedicated the win to his countrymen . "  Spain , the country , deserves this triumph . This goes beyond sport . We have to celebrate and are delighted to be able to offer this victory to all the people of Spain . " Del Bosque said it had been a pleasure to coach the side , which with the win adds the World Cup to its European crown . "  There is joy of being 50 days with this group of players who have given us the world title . It was a difficult match . Afterwards , I think that we were slightly better , " he added . The coach also refused to be drawn into criticizing the tough tackling of the Netherlands : "  I 'm here to speak about the beautiful things of football . Holland played a good game in an even , balanced match . Yes it was rough at times , but that is part of football . " For the Spanish came joy , but for the Dutch , desolation . The Netherlands lost its third appearance in a World Cup final , after previous defeats in the 1974 and 1978 . Two second-half chances went begging for star player Arjen Robben . The flying winger was sent clear by Wesley Sneijder , only to be denied by a superb save from Spain captain Iker Casillas , who stuck out a leg to send the ball wide . Late in normal time Robben was also through and appeared to be pulled back by Spain defender Carles Puyol before Casillas saved again at his feet . Spain had great chances in the second half with David Villa denied by the legs of Heitinga , and Sergio Ramos who headed over with the goal at his mercy . At the end of normal time , the game remained scoreless , as the dropping temperatures and deadlock in the match served to quiet the sell-out crowd in the Soccer City Stadium . In extra-time , Spain pressed forward with yet more urgency and Fabregas was put through by Iniesta only for goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenburg to deny him with a smart save . With the game opening up , Joris Mathijsen was nearly an unlikely scorer for the Dutch while Spain substitute Jesus Navas saw his shot deflected into the side netting . But in the second half of extra-time , the goal chances dried up until Iniesta cropped up to score the winner . Substitute Fernando Torres , who later pulled up in agony clutching his hamstring , played in the initial ball . It was poorly cleared , falling to Fabregas , who sent a neat pass through to his teammate Iniesta , who had cleverly stayed onside . The Dutch angrily protested Webb should have awarded an earlier foul , but he waved the protests away and was soon signaling the end of an eventful final , marred by persistent fouling that broke up the natural rhythm of the game . A chest-high tackle in the first half by Nigel de Jong , which left Spain midfielder Xabi Alonso nursing bruised ribs , might have earned a red card , while Mark van Bommel also escaped harsher punishment after another thumping challenge . Dutch coach Bert van Marwijk -- who lost out on the chance to have become the first coach since 1970 to have led a side through World Cup qualifying and the finals unbeaten -- conceded Spain had deserved to win . "  The best team won . I am disappointed . Early on we gave chances away , we were not good enough in possession of the ball . But then we turned it around . We made a real game out of it and we had two great chances through Arjen -LSB- Robben -RSB- . "  It is very bitter , but that is sport . It is harsh . Spain were the better team , " he told reporters after the game . In Amsterdam , the capital of the Netherlands , most of the hundreds of thousands of people who 'd gathered in the Museumplein square to watch the game on a giant screen filtered out in stunned silence after the final whistle , leaving behind trampled orange hats and a smattering of tearful people sitting on crates with their heads in their hands . "  I thought we could hang on till the penalties , and then it would have been 50-50 , " said a man in his 30s , wearing face paint in the colors of the Dutch flag . A woman in her early 20s had an expression that veered between a smile and a frown . "  We really thought we could do it , " she said . "  It was tough to watch , and it feels tough now . " Back in South Africa , Van Marwijk defended the tactics that had seen his side regularly penalized by the referee : "  It is not our style , but then again you play a match to win . It is a World Cup final , and there is a lot of emotion -- you saw that at the end of the match . "  I would have loved to win the match , even with not so beautiful football . I 'm not someone to look back on the what the referee did . I think the best team usually wins the match , " he added .	Spain win World Cup for the first time with 1-0 win over the Netherlands Goal from Iniesta in extra time settles final without penalty kicks at Soccer City Dutch lose their third appearance in a World Cup final Game littered by 14 yellow cards and sending off for Dutchman Johnny Heitinga
CNN  -- Actor Robert Blake accused CNN 's Piers Morgan of calling him a liar in a combative , profanity-laced interview that was more remarkable for its tone than revelations surrounding his acquittal in the 2001 murder of his wife . Blake , 78 , said he agreed to appear on the show Wednesday to promote his self-published memoir "  Tales Of A Rascal , " telling Morgan that the book was not about his late wife , Bonnie Lee Bakley , or their relationship . "  I made a deal to come here and talk about anybody from the book , " Blake said after Morgan asked about his feelings about the case . "  I excused you from that deal because I thought you were going to be cool . Now you 're trying to  bleep  into the ground . " Blake was acquitted in 2005 in connection with the murder of Bakley , though that same year he was found liable for her death in a wrongful death lawsuit and ordered to pay $ 30 million . Blake subsequently filed for bankruptcy . When Morgan asked about the case , including the civil suit , Blake demanded : "  Do you know why I was arrested ? " "  Tell me , " Morgan said . "  Well , before you start asking questions , you should do some goddamn research , " Blake said . The actor has long maintained his innocence , raising questions about Bakley 's past and her relationships with other men as a possible motive . Bakley , who also had a well publicized relationship with Marlon Brando 's son Christian , was found shot in the head in North Hollywood in 2001 . The couple had married six months earlier after a paternity test revealed her child belonged to Blake not Brando . "  Bonnie had people that she burned . How bad I do n't know . Did she steal everything from them ? We 'll leave that alone . But nobody really knew where Bonnie was . She had 15 ID cards . She had 15 credit cards . She had different places where she lived and nobody could ever find her if they were looking for her , " Blake told Morgan . "  But one day somebody opened the paper and saw that Bonnie just married Robert Blake and where does Robert Blake live . And what a couple of weeks later she was dead . I want you to chew on that for a bit . " Blake 's use of profanity is nothing new . Excerpts posted online from his self-published book are filled with it , especially as he describes the case that was built against him by Los Angeles authorities -- and his subsequent imprisonment while waiting to stand trial . Blake accused Morgan of insulting him by raising questions about the case . "  Nobody tells me I 'm a liar , " Blake said . At one point during one of Blake 's tirades , Morgan asked : "  Are you sane ? " Later Blake said : "  My skin is a little bit thin . I 've never allowed anybody to ask me the questions you 're asking . " But during a 2011 interview with Tavis Smiley , the actor touched on similar subjects and gave similar answers , including accusing the talk show host of "  getting a little weird now " when he asked questions about the case 's aftermath , according to a transcript of the interview posted online . When Morgan raised questions about what he said he "  presumed to be a very important moment " in Blake 's life , the actor responded : "  I did n't write about that life and I did n't write a book about Bonnie . " At times , Blake appeared to be drawing on his acting experience , quoting lines from movies or interviews he gave years earlier . When Morgan asked where Blake was living , the actor appeared to draw on an answer he gave in 1993 to Entertainment Weekly : "  I live in an apartment . I told you , I 'm broke . I could n't buy spats for a hummingbird . " At other times , Blake took profanity-infused lines directly from his book , according to excerpts published online , delivering them almost verbatim , including an explanation of how he lost the civil suit brought by Bakley 's family . "  They did n't win it , I lost it . I went up there , suicidal , to lose that , " he told Morgan . He went on to call Morgan "  Charlie Potatoes " or "  Charlie " during the interview , taking a line from the 1958 movie "  The Defiant Ones " that describes a man who is rich and popular . "  You 're just like the cops . There 's no place to get . Keep him in jail until he dies because everybody who 's dead is guilty , " he told Morgan , again using language from his book . Twitter -- the closest thing to an instant barometer of public opinion -- exploded with reaction . "  To my friend Charlie Potatoes : Great TV ! Better you than me , " former talk show host Arsenio Hall tweeted . Morgan , himself , tweeted : "  Incredible interview . I 'd cast him in a movie with Charlie Sheen tomorrow . " Morgan also asked Blake about his wife 's background . "  I think she was a con artist , yes , " Blake said . "  I think she came to Hollywood to con her way into show business . " Blake also said he "  did n't know here well enough to know her . " "  I love her - well , I love you as a human being . You 're my brother in arms , " he told Morgan during the interview . "  We 're all in this thing together . But we were not dramatically in love or things like that . " Blake is best known for his role as a tough-talking detective in the 1970s TV show "  Baretta " and his Oscar-nominated performance as condemned killer in the 1967 movie "  In Cold Blood . " He began his career as a child actor , starring as a Mickey in the "  Our Gang " movie shorts . Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	NEW : Twitter explodes with reaction from the combative interview NEW : Robert Blake quotes verbatim , at times , from his writings during profanity-laced explanations Blake says he 's never allowed the questions Morgan asked The actor calls Morgan "  Charlie Potatoes , " taking a line from a 1958 movie
London  CNN  -- A British spy found dead at his home in 2010 -- his naked body padlocked inside a large red carrying bag stowed in the bathtub -- was either suffocated or poisoned , but it is unlikely his death will ever be satisfactorily explained , coroner Fiona Wilcox said Wednesday . Gareth Williams ' death was "  unnatural and likely to have been criminally mediated , " she ruled . He probably entered the bag alive , Wilcox said , reading her ruling to a court around the corner from the home of the world 's most famous fictional detective , Sherlock Holmes . But she was sure an unknown person put the bag containing his body into the bath and probably locked it , she said . The case has gripped the British public for more than a year and a half , since Williams , an MI6 agent known for his mathematical genius and codebreaking talent , was found dead at age 31 in August 2010 . But after a weeklong inquest at which evidence from hundreds of expert witnesses , security camera images and police interviews was presented , the "  most fundamental questions as to how Gareth died remain unanswered , " Wilcox said Wednesday . There was "  endless speculation but little real evidence , " she said . And in unusual criticism of the Secret Intelligence Service , as MI6 is formally known , she said a delay in reporting his death and in providing relevant evidence added to the uncertainties about the case . Some of that evidence came to her only in the last 48 hours of the inquiry , Wilcox said . The coroner appeared briefly overcome with emotion as she came to the end of reading her ruling , her voice faltering as she announced her findings . The cause of death remains unknown , but experts agreed it was either from suffocation or poisoning , she said . "  I am therefore satisfied on the balance of probabilities that Gareth was killed unlawfully , " she concluded . Among the theories aired by UK media were that Williams might have died at the hands of foreign intelligence agents or as a result of a kinky sexual encounter gone wrong , neither of which was supported by the evidence , the coroner said . She also cast doubt on suggestions that he was into bondage or transvestism , fueled by the discovery of women 's clothes , wigs and cosmetics in his apartment , saying she thought Williams bought them out of an interest in fashion , rather than any sexual motivation . Expressing her sympathies to his family , Wilcox said the inquest could not bring him back , but she hoped it had at least allowed them to see the evidence out in the open . A lawyer for Williams ' family said that losing a much-loved son and brother would have been a tragedy in any circumstances but that the nature of Williams ' death had made it all the worse . "  Our grief is exacerbated by the failure of his employers at MI6 to take even the most basic inquiries as to his whereabouts and welfare , which any reasonable employer would have taken , " he said . "  We are also extremely disappointed at the reluctance and failure of MI6 to make available relevant information . " The family has called for the Metropolitan Police to review the role of the intelligence services in the investigation . MI6 head John Sawers apologized "  unreservedly " to Williams ' family for the service 's failure to act more swiftly and said measures have been put in place to make sure it does n't happen again . The detective leading the police investigation , Jackie Sebire , said new lines of inquiry had resulted from the inquest and would now be "  actively pursued . " "  His naked body was found in the most suspicious of circumstances , " Sebire said . "  It is highly likely that a third party was involved in Gareth 's death , and I urge anyone who knew Gareth or who had contact with him to search their conscience and come forward with any information about what happened that night . " Inside the court , a picture emerged of a man who had few friends but was very close to his family , highly intelligent and physically fit thanks to his love of cycling . A math prodigy who had completed his mathematics degree and master 's by the age of 21 , he was someone who relished a challenge and had received an award for his "  world-class " work for the intelligence services . Summing up the evidence , Wilcox said it was "  extremely unlikely , " but not impossible , that Williams had worked out a technique to get into the bag -- measuring just 32 inches by 19 inches  81 by 48 centimeters  -- and lock it from the inside . But , she said , there was no evidence of footprints or handprints on the walls of the bathroom or the bath itself , as might have been expected if he had done that . He was not a risk taker , she said , and that made it unlikely in her view that he would have put himself into the bag even as a personal challenge without making sure he could get out . Of the four keys belonging to the padlock that secured the bag in which Williams was found , one pair was found inside it with him . A second pair was found on a key ring in his apartment , Wilcox said . There was no sign that evidence had been tampered with , such as traces of bleach . There was also no sign of a break-in or robbery in his neat , tidy apartment , she said . She described his body as "  peaceful " and said there was no indication of a struggle . Wilcox also said there were no indications that Williams was feeling suicidal . However , tests that might have revealed unusual or volatile poisons were ruled out by the decomposition of the body . Traces of alcohol and a chemical matching the party drug GHB were found , but both can occur naturally as part of the decomposition process , she said . British media have reported that Williams ' Internet history showed an interest in sex games and bondage , but Wilcox said the codebreaker had made only a handful of visits to bondage sites . The coroner said there was no evidence of interest in claustrophilia , a fetish for enclosure in very confined spaces . His apartment contained 20,000 pounds  $ 32,000  worth of high-fashion women 's clothing , unworn and packed as purchased , Wilcox said , but she said she found no connection between his death and his interest in fashion and women 's shoes and clothing . There also was no indication that his death was connected to his work , she said . He had not taken on any high-risk operations , and he worked only in the UK . There was no evidence of threats arising to him from his work , his employers testified . Wilcox was highly critical of Williams ' line manager , who did not report that he was missing for about a week after he died August 16 . She said the inability of the manager to recall certain key bits of evidence concerning the week of Williams ' death "  is beginning to stretch the bounds of credibility . " When questioned , the manager said he assumed Williams was absent for a legitimate reason that he had forgotten about , even though he missed several meetings . They worked on a small team of four people . The manager and other SIS employees testified from behind a screen and were identified only as SIS , plus a letter . Williams was finally reported missing by a co-worker August 23 , more than a week after the normally punctilious employee had last shown up at work . "  I can only speculate as to what effect this had on this investigation , " Wilcox said . The decomposition of Williams ' body was hastened by the fact it was in a top floor apartment , where the temperature soared in the summer heat . The heating was mysteriously also turned on , despite it being a hot August , she said . Police did not secure the scene until eight or nine days after Williams died . Reports about the "  body-in-a-bag spy " describe how two experts spent days trying to figure out whether Williams , who was athletic and of medium height , could have contorted himself in such as way as to lock himself into the North Face holdall bag , with a key to the padlock inside . Video provided to the court shows one of them , Peter Faulding , folding himself laboriously into an identical bag placed in a bathtub . Faulding , who specializes in rescuing people from confined spaces , told the inquest that he had tried to lock himself into the bag 300 times without success . A second expert witness , also of a size and build similar to Williams , tried 100 times to re-enact the feat without succeeding . Neither ruled out definitively the possibility that Williams could have somehow done it alone . But a small trace of someone else 's DNA was found on the bag , helping spawn all kinds of theories about who else might have been there . Williams was recruited into the intelligence services straight from university , working with Government Communications Headquarters before MI6 . The nature of his work and questions around why his spy agency bosses took so long to raise an alert about his absence have added to the intrigue surrounding his death . Concerns about national security have been a factor in the 20-month delay in holding Williams ' inquest , and an agency more used to working in the shadows has had an uncomfortably bright light shone into its practices . A series of photographs provided by the Metropolitan Police show the tidy , impersonal interior of the spy 's Pimlico home and the small white-tiled bathroom where his body was found . A bicycle parked in the hallway is a clue to Williams ' passion for cycling . A glimpse through a bedroom door shows a bed half-made , clothes lying on it . But little else can be gleaned from the images . The Metropolitan Police says it is continuing its investigation , particularly in light of the coroner 's findings and the concerns raised by his family . But for now , the identity of the unknown person who apparently put the bag holding Williams into the bath , exactly how he died and the reason why , remain as much a mystery as ever . CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	NEW : MI6 chief apologizes "  unreservedly " to spy 's family for failure to act quickly Gareth Williams was poisoned or suffocated in the bag in which he was locked , coroner says The bag containing his naked body was put into a bath by an unknown person , coroner rules His family calls for an investigation into the secret services ' role in the investigation
CNN  Two years ago , the storied Boston Marathon ended in terror and altered the lives of runners , spectators and those who tried to come to their rescue . Just last week , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted on 30 charges related to the bombings at the race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward . The jury will begin deliberating his punishment next week . The death penalty is on the table . Dzhokhar and his brother Tamerlan , who was killed in a shootout with police , were intent on terrorizing not just Bostonians , but all Americans , prosecutors said . But the Tsarnaevs were not on the minds of most people in Boston on Wednesday . The injured victims and those who lost their lives were spoken of with reverence in somber ceremonies . Relatives of 8-year-old Martin Richard , the attack 's youngest victim , and the family of Krystle Campbell stood with Gov. Charlie Baker and Mayor Martin Walsh . Bagpipes played and banners whipped in the wind on Boylston Street , the Boston Globe reported . Boston University graduate student Lingzi Lu also was killed in one of the two horrific blasts that brought chaos to the competitors and spectators near the race 's finish line on April 15 , 2013 . Who were the victims ? Many bombing survivors were in the crowd for Wednesday 's events , the newspaper said . They wore white , blue and yellow pins celebrating "  One Boston Day , " which was created to recognize acts of valor and to encourage kindness among Bostonians . Many there and those who could n't observe the day in person tweeted their respect and memories using #BostonDay . The marathon historically happens on a Monday . This year , runners will take on the 26.2 mile challenge April 20 . "  I think today will always be a little emotional for me -- Marathon Monday is my favorite day of the year , and will continue to be , despite these tragedies , " Boston resident Lindsey Berkowitz told CNN . "  I have so much respect and support for all of the survivors , and hope the city continues to come together on this day to embrace the strength and resilience of Boston , and the love we all have for this great city . " Melanie DiVasta was working just a mile from the finish line in 2013 when one of the bombs set by the Tsarnaevs exploded . Several of her friends were waiting at the finish line . They were unharmed . "  It was just an overwhelming feeling of shock to start hearing about it and seeing images , " DiVasta said . "  You could n't help but cry and just ask why . " What 's next for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev ? CNN 's Jareen Imam contributed to this report .	Citizens gather to honor victims on One Boston Day , two years after the marathon bombings "  Today will always be a little emotional for me , " one Bostonian tells CNN
CNN  -- For a while now , crazy situations , hunger pangs and frustrating hours behind the wheel have been making life slightly miserable for Florida commuter Joe Panyanouvong . The attorney who regularly makes the 84-mile journey between Orlando and Tampa on Interstate 4 is ready for a solution . "  I have made this trip many times during peak hours for work and leisure . It can feel like a parking lot at times , " said Panyanouvong . "  During heavy traffic it 's taken me as long as 2.5 hours to get from Orlando to Tampa . " He recalls one day when -- despite departing Orlando early to get a head start on a business trip -- traffic and farm animals got the best of him near U.S. Route 27 and Interstate 4 . A cow had wandered past a fence onto the road , causing tie-ups and headaches . "  I ended up missing lunch because of that cow , " Panyanouvong said with a laugh . "  I do n't like missing lunch and I especially do n't like getting stuck in traffic due to wandering farm animals or any other reason . " For generations , much of the nation has been forced to use cars , buses or pricey aircraft to travel to nearby cities . But this year , Washington opened the door to what may be a historic turning point in regional travel . The Department of Transportation awarded $ 8 billion among 31 states to begin developing America 's first nationwide high-speed intercity passenger rail service . Panyanouvong said he loves the idea of jumping on a train , turning on his computer and getting some work done on his way to Tampa , "  without having to worry about traffic or driving . " But the idea is much bigger than convenience , say supporters , who believe high-speed intercity rail will cut U.S. dependence on foreign oil , reduce climate-changing pollution and fatten wallets by triggering economic development . Soon , Americans might find themselves rocketing along ribbons of rails at 200 mph in sleek , painted passenger cars -- never stopping until they arrive at destinations awake and refreshed . The federal funding served as a down payment to develop the groundwork for 13 new high-speed rail corridors in the United States , including an Orlando-Tampa route . "  High-speed rail in America is long overdue and President Obama understands we ca n't build the economy of the future on the transportation networks of the past , " said Federal Railroad Administrator Joseph Szabo . Funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , these new dollars represent a historic investment in the country 's transportation infrastructure . It will help create jobs and transform travel in America , according to a U.S. Department of Transportation official . See where the proposed high-speed trains are going "  High-speed rail will also revolutionize the way Americans travel by reducing U.S. dependence on foreign oil , lowering harmful carbon emissions , fostering new economic development and giving travelers more choices when it comes to moving around the country , " said the official . Despite these promises from the government , high-speed rail comes with its share of opponents , who say it is too expensive and wo n't save energy . Some even question if it will ever be built . "  Even in a strong economy , building high-speed rail makes little sense , offering minimal reductions in travel times at exorbitant costs , " said Ronald Utt , who is the Herbert and Joyce Morgan senior research fellow for the Thomas A. Roe Institute for Economic Policy Studies at the Heritage Foundation . "  For instance , one has to wonder what exactly motivated the review team to endorse the proposed $ 1.1 billion investment in the Kansas City-St . Louis-Chicago route , which would allow customers to reach their destinations 10 percent faster than they could by driving between Chicago and St. Louis , " said Utt . Utt said the $ 1.25 billion federal investment in a $ 3.2 billion project to build a high-speed rail line between Orlando and Tampa would reduce travel time between the two cities to less than one hour , compared to about 90 minutes by car . He said other projects have similar travel time differences . Randal O'Toole , a senior fellow with the CATO Institute , said it is far more cost-effective to save energy by encouraging people to drive more fuel-efficient cars than to build and operate high-speed rail . "  Moreover , in places that do generate electricity from renewable sources , it would be more cost-effective to use that electricity to power electric or plug-in hybrid cars than high-speed rail , " O'Toole said . "  A Department of Energy report adds that boosting train speeds to 110 mph will reduce the energy efficiency of the trains , making them less energy efficient than automobiles . " A report from the United States Government Accountability Office also highlights potential issues with high-speed rail plans in the United States . "  Passenger rail service , especially services at higher and high speeds , will require new safety rules , constant public capital investment and operating subsidies , and balance with freight rail service and the rest of the national transportation system -- and currently only some of these elements are in place , " according to a GAO report . While the recent federal funds may serve as a catalyst for many projects and have generated high public expectations , the planning necessary to meet the many concerns outlined above has not yet occurred , the GAO report said . "  Given the funding , I would say that it is fairly likely that at least a few moderate-speed rail projects will eventually be completed , " said O'Toole . "  But the California high-speed rail project remains fairly unlikely considering that more than three-fourths of its costs are not yet funded . Florida probably has a 50-50 chance of completion since about half its costs are funded . " High-speed rail also has many supporters . The United States Conference of Mayors , American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials and America 2050 -- a coalition of regional planners , scholars and policy-makers -- back high-speed rail plans . The U.S. High Speed Rail Association is also among the supporters . "  Experts in the oil industry have been saying for a number of years now that there is not enough oil left in the ground to continue our current level of consumption , not to mention no way to meet growing demand , and we can expect half as much oil available to us in the next 20 years , " said Andy Kunz , president and CEO of the rail association . "  If we are to continue economic development and prosperity , we will need to greatly reduce our daily oil consumption , and high-speed rail is the only possible solution that can scale up to meet the growing demand of American mobility while greatly reducing our oil consumption , " said Kunz . High-speed rail supporters say the industry would stimulate the economy by creating millions of jobs across numerous sectors . "  Based on our company 's 45 years of experience with high-speed rail in Japan , bringing high-speed rail to the United States will translate into jobs , " said Mike Finnegan , an executive with US-Japan High Speed Rail and US-Japan Maglev . "  Importantly , these jobs pay well and they can not be shipped overseas . " "  The $ 8 billion investment in high-speed rail for America is just the beginning , " said Szabo . "  We know that it wo n't be built overnight , but the federal government is committed to the long-term development of the program . Of course , the Department of Transportation will fund projects that have the best chances to succeed and have instituted rigorous requirements to ensure successful completion of these projects . " So if and when high-speed rail does move forward in the United States , how would it be built and what type of technology would be used ? The Department of Transportation says funding for the program is "  technology neutral " and does not place preference on the type of technologies used to build high-speed trains . Instead , it is allowing states and regions to choose the technology , as well as routes and station locations that meet their needs . Most high-speed rail lines in the United States will be upgraded using existing freight rail rights-of-way , but the project in Florida and portions of California will be built on newly constructed high-speed rail lines , said Nazih Haddad , the chief operating officer for Florida Rail Enterprise . Trains could reach up to 168 mph on Florida 's high-speed line . Estimates from the U.S Department of Transportation say speeds could reach up to 220 mph for some portions of California 's rail lines , while most other regions would top 110 mph . Maglev train technology , which is popular in many scientific circles around the world for its high speeds , is one mode of high-speed rail that is not catching on in the United States because of its high cost , according to the Department of Transportation and rail industry insiders . Maglev is a train technology in which magnetic forces lift , propel and guide a vehicle over a guideway . It follows guidance tracks with magnets and does not use steel wheels or steel rails usually associated with trains . A well-known high-speed Maglev system operates commercially at Shanghai 's Pudong International Airport in China . Its train reaches speeds of 268 mph and is much faster than the high-speed trains proposed in the United States . Japan and Germany also use Maglev train systems . See how the Maglev train works So what 's the time frame ? One Department of Transportation report said high-speed rail lines in portions of California may not be completed until 2026 . For Joe Panyanouvong and the millions of Americans searching for solutions to "  traffic headaches , " the answers appear complex and in some cases , highly debatable and costly . Panyanouvong will have to wait until at least 2015 until he has a chance to chuck his car and ride the rails from Orlando to Tampa . Nonetheless , he said he 'll be ready . "  I would rather keep my 2002 Nissan Maxima at home . "	Washington awards $ 8 billion among 31 states to develop high-speed rail service Opponents : High-speed rail is expensive , wo n't save energy Supporters : Trains would cut pollution , stimulate economy
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- A third baby has died and at least 6,200 children have fallen ill after drinking formula tainted with the same chemical involved in a massive pet food recall last year , Chinese officials said Wednesday . China 's largest producer of milk , Mengniu Dairy Group , announced the recall of three batches of formula made in January after tests showed they were contaminated with melamine , said Li Changjiang , China 's director of quarantine and inspection . Though it should not be added to food ingredients , suppliers in China sometimes put it in food to make a product appear to be protein rich . Melamine has nitrogen , and standard tests for protein in bulk food ingredients measure levels of nitrogen . More than 1,300 infants are hospitalized with illnesses including malnutrition , kidney stones and acute renal failure . On Monday two brothers were arrested who Chinese officials say supplied three tons of milk each day to the Sanlu Group , which makes baby formula . Watch crowds of moms get their babies tested " They could face death if convicted , according to state-run newspaper China Daily . The siblings ' raw milk had been watered down and a chemical added to fool quality checks , the newspaper said . Watch who has been arrested " Sanlu Group , one of China 's leading dairy producers , has recalled more than 8,200 tons of the tainted formula following reports of sickened babies , news agency Xinhua reported . The manufactured also sealed off more than 2,100 tons of contaminated product , and another 700 tons still need to be recalled , according to Xinhua . Watch angry parents demand answers at Sanlu " Investigators said the brothers confessed to watering down the raw milk and mixing in tripolycyanamide , also known as melamine . The paper reported the siblings did it to recover losses suffered when the factory rejected earlier milk shipments , and that 19 other people have been detained for questioning . Recalls of the products by the Yashili and Suokang companies have been made , and of China 's 175 baby milk powder production companies , 66 have already stopped production , Li said . Investigators are testing samples at the remaining factories . Learn more about the chemical melamine " China 's Xinhua news agency reported that worried parents started lining up at 5 a.m. Wednesday to see doctors at Renmin Hospital in Shijiazhuang , the capital of the northern Hebei Province . Wang Lifang said she went to the hospital after medics at her local hospital 28 miles  45 kilometers  away in Xingtang County found problems with her two-month-old daughter . "  The county hospital found my daughter has kidney stones that are smaller than 4mm -LSB- less than a fifth of an inch -RSB- , " the farmer in her 30s told Xinhua . "  My daughter is so young that the doctors worry the stones might not be washed out themselves so they told me to go to the provincial hospital . " The report said the girl had drunk a little water . "  Doctors said I better not feed her powdered milk , " Xinhua quoted a "  tearful " Wang as saying . "  In the past few days , I fed her fresh milk bought from a neighbor who raises a cow but once I left home I did not know what to do . " Other parents told Xinhua they wanted their children scanned for kidney stones as a precaution . Peng Jing , a mother in her 20s , said her 2-month-old son had drunk about two small bags of Sanlu powdered milk . "  He seems OK , but we want to be 100 percent sure he is healthy so we came to have the tests , " she told Xinhua at Renmin Hospital . The food safety scandal prompted China agricultural officials to start a nationwide inspection of its dairy industry . Health experts say ingesting melamine can lead to kidney stones , urinary tract ulcers , and eye and skin irritation . The chemical is commonly used in coatings and laminates , wood adhesives , fabric coatings , ceiling tiles and flame retardants . Chinese investigators have found melamine in nearly 70 milk products from more than 20 companies , Li said Wednesday . Products made by Sanlu had the highest concentration of the chemical . It is not the first time Sanlu has been connected to a scandal involving tainted milk powder , according to China Daily . In 2004 , at least 13 infants in the eastern Anhui province died of malnutrition after drinking milk powder that had little to no nutrition . The illegally manufactured milk was falsely labeled with the Sanlu brand , according to the paper . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration said no Chinese baby formula has been allowed on the market in the United States . In a statement on its Web site , the FDA said it had reached out to all five companies making formula in the United States and none has used formula or source materials from China . This episode marks the latest in a string of tainted products produced in China : CNN 's John Vause and Yuli Yang contributed to this story .	More than 6,200 babies now known to be ill , official says China 's largest milk , Mengniu Dairy Group , recalls three batches of formula Concerned parents line up to get their infants scanned , Xinhua reports Melamine in milk is same chemical that killed U.S. pets from tainted pet food
CNN  -- President Barack Obama and his family begin a week-long vacation in Martha 's Vineyard on Friday -- the president 's second time on the island off the coast of Massachusetts . In 2009 , Obama spent time there golfing and hanging out with family and friends . "  It 's a beautiful part of the country . It has really nice beaches and the folks are really great , " Deputy Press Secretary Bill Burton told reporters Thursday . "  The food is terrific . And it 's some place that the president went before he was president and likes to go back because it 's a comfortable place where he can rest and recharge the batteries a little bit . " Some have questioned why the Obamas have chosen to go to an elite holiday spot in Massachusetts instead of the Gulf Coast , as Obama had encouraged Americans to help bolster tourism there . The first family -- minus eldest daughter Malia -- did visit Panama City , Florida , August 14-15 , however . There , the Obamas swam in the Gulf of Mexico and played miniature golf , and the president met with business leaders about the BP oil spill and its effect on the region . Burton said this vacation , which will last 10 days , will also include some work . "  Well , he 'll continue to get his intelligence briefings , and he 'll also be getting briefings on the economy and other issues as they come up , " he said . "  But as any of you guys who have covered these vacations before know , there 's other things that come up and he 'll obviously attend to those as necessary . " The island , a vacation spot of the rich and famous , was a favorite getaway for another Democratic president as well : Bill Clinton , who spent plenty of time there . George W. Bush , however , preferred to unwind at his ranch in Crawford , Texas .	Critics question why Obama did not choose the Gulf Coast White House says the getaway will be a working vacation Clinton too preferred the island ; Bush opted for his Texas ranch
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- She 's faced the glare of public life since she was a girl , but Chelsea Clinton must contend with renewed press scrutiny as she increasingly assumes a role in her mother 's campaign for president . Chelsea Clinton accompanies her mother to the polls on Super Tuesday in Chappaqua , New York . The former first daughter always has been off-limits to the media , especially while she was growing up in the White House . But pressure to burst this protective bubble is likely to grow as the soon-to-be 28-year-old campaigns across the country for Sen. Hillary Clinton , even heading to Hawaii -- Sen. Barack Obama 's home turf . Chelsea Clinton will spend three days there to strum up last-minute votes before the state 's Tuesday caucuses , said a source from her mother 's campaign . In the rough-and-tumble world of politics , her parents always have been protective of her -- including most recently after a TV correspondent 's comment that the Clinton campaign found inappropriate . Watch how controversy goes with the last name " "  Does n't it seem as if Chelsea is being pimped out in some weird sort of way ? " MSNBC correspondent David Shuster said this month about her reputed calls to superdelegates . Clinton communications director Howard Wolfson excoriated Shuster and called his remarks "  beneath contempt " and disgusting . The senator from New York even sent a damning letter to NBC and demanded "  appropriate action . " "  I am a mom first and a candidate second , and I found the remark incredibly offensive , " she said . Shuster was suspended indefinitely for the remark , made February 7 when he was a guest host for Tucker Carlson . MSNBC said Thursday that the suspension will end February 22 . Even a fourth-grader apparently ca n't get through to the press-shy Chelsea Clinton . Scholastic News "  kid reporter " Sydney Rieckhoff was in pursuit of a story as she questioned presidential candidates last month on the campaign trail in Iowa , according to The Associated Press . Approaching Chelsea Clinton , she reportedly asked , "  Do you think your dad would be a good ` first man ' in the White House ? " But Clinton was n't talking . "  I 'm sorry , I do n't talk to the press and that applies to you , unfortunately . Even though I think you 're cute , " she said , according to the AP . During a campaign stop at the Luckie Food Lounge in Atlanta , Georgia , in mid-January , one supporter asked Clinton to reveal something that nobody else knew about her . She responded she would love to -- if all the cameras were n't around . Clinton has proven to be an effective campaigner for her mother , according to a campaign source , saying there 's a strong correlation between her visits and improved performance . At this point , the campaign has become a fight for delegates , and even narrowing a loss has a big impact , a source said . This election cycle , Clinton campaigned for her mother in California , the first state where the senator won the youth vote . A rural congressional district in Nebraska where she campaigned reportedly outperformed others in the state . Politicians protecting their children from the spotlight is hardly new . The Bushes complained when daughters Jenna and Barbara became fodder for late-night comics and media outlets . Vice President Dick Cheney also has been reticent when it comes to his daughter Mary , who had a child with her lesbian partner . During a debate with Cheney in 2004 , Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards broached the topic , saying , "  I think the vice president and his wife love their daughter . I think they love her very much . And you ca n't have anything but respect for the fact that they 're willing to talk about the fact that they have a gay daughter . " Cheney responded , "  Let me simply thank the senator for the kind words he said about my family and our daughter . I appreciate that very much . ... That 's it . " But the vice president later slammed Sen. John Kerry for his remarks about Mary Cheney when asked about homosexuality during a debate with President Bush . The vice president said Kerry was "  out of line ; " wife Lynne Cheney called him "  not a good man . " These exchanges show that as Chelsea Clinton 's public persona rises , so too will questions about why she does n't make herself available to reporters . The Clinton campaign said Chelsea Clinton is trying to reach as many people as possible and has "  appeared in dozens of venues in more than 20 states . " But she 's still not granting interviews . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Trisha Henry , Frank Sesno , Rebecca Sinderbrand and Jessica Yellin contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Chelsea Clinton steps up her role in her mother 's campaign The Clintons have always shielded their daughter from the media spotlight Ex-first daughter , who soon turns 28 , will campaign in Hawaii for Tuesday caucuses
Washington  CNN  -- Politically sensitive issues such as immigration , border security , drug trafficking and trade took center stage in Washington on Wednesday as President Obama welcomed his Mexican counterpart , Felipe Calderon , to the White House . Both leaders used the occasion -- the fourth time they have met for bilateral talks -- to take sharp aim at Arizona 's new law meant to crack down on illegal immigrants . Calderon characterized the measure as discriminatory ; Obama called it a "  misdirected expression of frustration . " The leaders criticized the law while meeting with reporters shortly after Obama , Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton rolled out the red carpet for Calderon in a formal White House arrival ceremony . U.S. first lady Michelle Obama and Mexican first lady Margarita Zavala joined their husbands for the occasion , which was to be followed by a state dinner Wednesday night . Calderon is to address a joint session of Congress on Thursday . "  Our progress today marks another step forward in a new era of cooperation and partnership between our countries , a partnership based on mutual interests , mutual respect and mutual responsibility , " Obama said . Calderon said the United States and Mexico now face a series of common challenges , including climate change and organized crime , which is a rising threat to border stability . But what ultimately "  turns us into good neighbors " is a common belief in "  freedom , justice and democracy , " he said . Obama ticked through a list of items he said the two leaders had agreed upon during their meeting . On the economy , he said , they had agreed to streamline regulations while strengthening protection of intellectual property . To facilitate trade , they had reaffirmed a "  commitment to a 21st-century border that is modern , secure and efficient . " He also pledged to expand joint initiatives promoting renewable energy and "  smart grid " technology . Turning to illegal drug and weapons trafficking , Obama noted that his administration is now screening 100 percent of south-bound rail cargo . Moving in the other direction , Mexican authorities in recent years have seized 45,000 weapons that could be traced to the United States . Obama also cited new initiatives to cut U.S. demand for illegal drugs . "  As your partner , we 'll give you the support you need to prevail ... against the drug cartels that have unleashed horrific violence in so many communities , " Obama told Calderon . Drug violence claimed 6,500 lives in Mexico last year . But Calderon said 90 percent of the casualties from the war on drugs are criminals fighting each other , adding that the cartels "  are not winning . " "  The Mexican gangs are passing through a very unstable process ... and fighting each other and that explains most of those casualties , " Calderon said on CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " He acknowledged , however , that innocent people have also been killed . Obama also noted Mexico 's current seat on the U.N. Security Council , highlighting the two countries ' agreement on possible sanctions against Iran to stop Tehran 's current nuclear program . The issue of Arizona 's new immigration law , however , consumed most of the leaders ' time during their meeting with reporters . The measure , which will allow law enforcement officers to ask for proof of legal residency of anyone who is being investigated for a crime or possible legal infraction , has drawn widespread criticism in Mexico . Critics contend , among other things , that the law will lead to racial profiling against Hispanic residents . Later Wednesday , Calderon acknowledged that immigration is the biggest challenge Mexico is facing with the United States . "  It is provoking a lot of tensions between our people , " Calderon said . "  This is a phenomenon that we need to solve . ... And the best way to solve that is creating new jobs in Mexico and that is exactly what we are trying to do . " Calderon said Mexico is working to change its own immigration policies to address criticisms from officials in Texas , Arizona and New Mexico who claim they 're only trying to do in their states what Mexico is doing in the southern part of its country . Calderon said that illegal immigration has not been a crime in Mexico since last year . "  In the past , Mexican authorities were in an unfortunate way in the treatment  of immigrants  , " he said . "  We changed already the law and that is different today . We are trying to write a new story . " Regarding Arizona 's tough new immigration law , Calderon said the potential for racial profiling with the statute "  is against any sense of human rights . " Obama said he thinks the Arizona law "  has the potential of being applied in a discriminatory fashion . ... A fair reading of the language of the statute indicates that it gives the possibility of individuals who are deemed suspicious of being illegal immigrants from being harassed or arrested . "  The judgments that are going to be made in applying this law are troublesome , " he noted . Obama noted that he has directed the Justice Department "  to look very carefully at the language of this law to see whether it comports both with our core values and existing legal standards , as well as the fact that the federal government is ultimately the one charged with immigration policy . " Obama said he 'll make some decisions about how to address the law after he gets a final report from the Justice officials . A broad coalition of civil rights groups filed a class-action lawsuit against the measure Monday , arguing that it violates the U.S. Constitution 's equal protection and free speech guarantees , among other things . In Arizona , the city councils of Tucson and Flagstaff have also decided to challenge the law in court . A majority of Americans , however , appears to back to the measure . Fifty-nine percent of adults nationwide supported the law in a May 6-9 Pew Research Center Poll . Thirty-two percent opposed it . The Arizona law , Obama asserted Wednesday , "  expresses some of the frustrations that the American people have had in not fixing a broken immigration system , and , frankly , the failures of the federal government to get this done . I 'm sympathetic to those frustrations . " Obama repeated his call for comprehensive immigration reform but said such a measure ca n't pass without Republican support . A Mexican official familiar with arrangements for Calderon 's visit cautioned that it would be wrong to let the controversy over Arizona 's law overwhelm the rest of the visit . "  It will not define the visit or the relationship , " the Mexican official said . "  The U.S.-Mexican relationship is much more rich and diverse than one issue . " A senior Obama administration official , however , acknowledged that "  this is an issue that has resonated in Mexico  and  is of deep concern to the Mexican government . " This month , Mexico 's ambassador to the United States , Arturo Sarukhan , warned of "  a worrying surge " of anti-immigrant sentiments . He warned that the Arizona law might "  poison the well from which our two nations have found and should continue to find inspiration for a joint future of prosperity , security , tolerance and justice . " CNN 's Charley Keyes and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : Felipe Calderon says immigration is biggest challenge Mexico faces with U.S. Obama and Calderon criticize Arizona law Drug violence , trade , renewable energy also among topics Immigration overshadows Wednesday 's state dinner , which will honor Calderon
CNN  -- I almost always get asked the same question : How can it possibly be the "  end of men " when there are so few female elected officials -- when men still hold the reins of political power ? It 's an excellent question . Until now , I 've answered by pointing to statistical trends and future projections . Always , I ask people to take a leap of faith . But after this election , I feel like I am on so much more solid ground . The women 's vote did not turn out to be historic in the way pundits predicted before the election . Yes , more women voted for President Obama , but not in record numbers . The gender gap was in fact a little smaller in this election than in 2008 . Yes , women were important in certain states , but so were young people , African-Americans and Latinos , who , together , make up Obama 's new winning coalition . What 's more , women did not even constitute a unified vote . Married women tended to vote for Romney , while single women went for Obama . What changed in this election was that women accumulated power in a calm and measured way , and began to look for the first time much less like outsiders to the political process . New Hampshire , arguably a state populated by the greatest concentration of political insiders and obsessives , gave us our first ever matriarchy -- a delegation of House , Senate and governor that is entirely female . We elected a record number of women to the Senate . One of those new senators is Elizabeth Warren , who over the rest of her career has the potential to embody women 's transition from outsider status to right in the thick of things . What about the "  war on women , " the constantly mutating arguments over reproductive rights ? On this , women won handily . In Missouri , Democrat Claire McCaskill ran against Todd Akin , who claimed that in "  legitimate rape " the female body shuts down pregnancy . McCaskill not only beat Akin , she trounced him , winning by 16 points . Before the election , when McCaskill was still behind in the polls , women looked beleaguered and marginalized , subjected to lectures by men about their internal plumbing . Afterward , it 's those who did the lecturing who seem like fringe , marginalized characters . In fact , practically all the candidates with the improbable Akin-type theories lost .  Check out this scorecard on Jezebel for a complete accounting . Once , not all that long ago , women seemed like newcomers to the political scene , alien to its settled ways . Women were scrutinized in their every public move as though they were a newly discovered species . Think back to Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign . Could she be tough enough on China ? Soft enough to cry ? Would she wear red suits to all her big speeches ? If so , what did that mean ? Now that the sight of a woman in a roomful of senators is becoming less unusual , our analysis becomes much less crude . Debates about image and optics are ceding to debates about actual policies . We also realize that women come in all types . More are likely to vote Democratic . Among female voters , more than 50 % tend to favor abortion rights . Akin , for example , split the vote among white women . Minnesota Republican Michele Bachmann , who is strongly pro-life , kept her seat . Just as men have wide varieties of views , so do women . Voting as a bloc is something you only do if you 're disenfranchised . Voting the way you want is a sign that you 're gaining power . The important thing is for women to participate in the political process and speak for themselves . Workplace studies from the 1970s showed that when women reached a third of an office population , their presence no longer seemed unusual . The Senate will be one-fifth female . We 're not there yet , but we 're getting close . In this election , people are still discussing historic firsts -- the first openly lesbian senator  Democrat Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin  , the first Asian-American woman  Democrat Mazie Hirono of Hawaii  . Slowly , over time , we want these firsts to fade away and for female senators to be elected without that fact alone constituting a news story . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hanna Rosin .	Hanna Rosin : The women 's vote did not turn out to be historic in this election Rosin : But for the first time , women look less like outsiders in the political process For example , we elected a record number of women to the Senate , she says Rosin : We will debate less about women 's image and more about their actual policies
CNN  -- A man walked into a Pittsburgh psychiatric hospital with a pair of guns Thursday and began firing , leading to injuries to seven people and two deaths -- including his own as police arrived and shot back , authorities said . "  This is a tragic day , a sad day , a senseless day , " Mayor Luke Ravenstahl said after the shooting at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center 's Western Psychiatric Institute and Clinic . City and hospital officials speaking at a Thursday evening press conference did not give the identity of the shooter , nor did they elaborate on what his motive might have been . The assailant walked through the psychiatric hospital 's front door with a pair of semi-automatic handguns around 1:40 p.m. , according to Ravenstahl . Officers from the University of Pittsburgh police department arrived within "  a matter of minutes " and "  engaged " the gunman , the mayor added . "  There is no doubt that their swift response saved lives today , " said Ravenstahl , lauding the police officers ' "  courage and willingness to step up . " Like the man who is believed to be the shooter , no details were offered on the other person killed besides the fact he , too , was an adult male . Those wounded were swiftly ushered to nearby UPMC Presbyterian . All are expected to survive . Officials said two of five hospitalized patients have undergone surgery . The conditions of the five ranged from fair to serious . Two victims were treated and released . One had an injury not related to a gunshot wound . Medical center officials said the injured included hospital employees and a visitor . "  I expect all of these patients to survive and do well , " said Dr. Donald Yealy , chairman of emergency medicine at UPMC , said in a statement . "  As the busiest trauma centers in the region , we prepare for this kind of multi-casualty situation . " Ravenstahl said that a University of Pittsburgh police officer "  was grazed with a bullet , and I believe he is doing well . " Steven Bartholomew , a spokesman for the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , said that his agency is "  working with Pittsburgh police and other authorities in the investigation . " "  Any firearms recovered will be traced to determine their source , " Bartholomew said . Claudia Roth , the Western Psychiatric Institute 's CEO , said five of those hurt are hospital employees . No other details were offered on the victims , including whether they had been targeted , how they got hurt and who might have shot them . At one point Thursday , the University of Pittsburgh 's official Twitter account had a message that suggested a "  possible 2nd actor " was involved and called for a lockdown . But later in the day , the medical center 's own Twitter feed had a message insisting "  there was no second shooter " and that there was "  no hostage situation , " as had been reported elsewhere . While the crisis appeared to be over by 6 p.m. , Pittsburgh 's mayor stressed the hospital -- particularly its first and second floors , where the gunman may have been -- "  is still an active scene . " That said , authorities said they have no indication that anyone else was involved or that there is any continuing danger . "  Our crews are methodically going through the building to make sure that every floor is cleared and every room is cleared , " Ravenstahl said . The University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine 's psychiatric department is based at the institute , which describes itself on its website as a "  leader in the treatment of mental health and addictive disorders . " U.S. News and World Report ranks University of Pittsburgh Medical Center -- and thus the Western Institute -- as being the nation 's eighth-best psychiatric hospital . In addition to about 2,000 employees , the hospital has 310 beds , of which about 90 % had been occupied on Thursday , said Roth . She emphasized after the shooting that treatment at the facility "  will be uncompromised , " with care continuing to be delivered through the day and night "  the same way we always have . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : All seven who were injured are expected to survive "  This is a tragic day , a sad day , a senseless day , " the mayor says A man walks in with 2 semi-automatic handguns , the mayor says University of Pittsburgh police "  engage " him within minutes , he adds
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- CNN was targeted Thursday by attempts to interrupt its news Web site , resulting in countermeasures that caused the service to be slow or unavailable to some users in limited areas of Asia . CNN took preventative measures to filter traffic in response to attempts to disrupt its Web site . "  CNN took preventative measures to filter traffic in response to attempts to disrupt our Web site . A small percentage of CNN.com users in Asia are impacted , " the network said in a statement . "  We do not know who is responsible , nor can we confirm where it came from , " the statement continued . A CNN spokesman said the Web site began to notice problems around midday Thursday and took measures to isolate the trouble by limiting the number of users who could access it from specific geographic areas . As a result , he said , some users in those areas experienced temporary slowdowns or problems accessing the site . The spokesman could not offer an estimate of how many users were affected . However , he said that the impact on daily usage was "  imperceptible " and that the site "  at no time " went down . Service had returned to normal by mid-morning Friday , he said . The attempt came as tech-oriented Web sites in Asia were reporting calls from hacker groups in China for denial-of-service attacks to be launched against the CNN Web site on Saturday over the network 's coverage of unrest in Tibet . Angry Chinese bloggers have accused CNN and several other Western news organizations of being unfair in covering recent pro-independence protests in Tibet , which is controlled by China . In response , the network released a statement noting that "  CNN 's reputation is based on reporting global news accurately and impartially , while our coverage through the use of words , images or video always reflects a wide range of opinions and points of view on every story . " In a denial-of-service attack , hackers use automated programs to try to jam a site with bogus requests for service to the point that service is slowed or interrupted for legitimate users . E-mail to a friend	CNN was targeted Thursday by attempts to interrupt its news Web site Countermeasures caused slow or unavailable service in limited areas of Asia Web site began to notice problems around midday Thursday
NEW YORK  CNN  -- City officials in New York have denied Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's request to visit the site of the destroyed World Trade Center next week , a police spokesman said Wednesday . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad asked to visit ground zero , but New York city officials said no . The controversial , outspoken president wanted to "  pay his respects " and lay a wreath at the site of the 2001 al Qaeda attacks during his visit to the U.N. General Assembly , Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said , citing Iranian officials . But workers are rebuilding the foundations of the site , "  and it would not be possible for him to go where other people do n't go , " Kelly told CNN . Iranian officials have not put in any additional requests to visit the public platforms at ground zero , police spokesman Paul Browne told CNN . But , he said , "  If there were a further request , we 'd reject it " because of security fears . Watch why New York said no to Iranian leader " The Iranian mission to the U.N. said it had not been told of the decision , but in a statement issued Wednesday evening , it called the rejection "  unfortunate . " Iran is ruled by a Shiite Muslim government hostile to the fundamentalist Sunni al Qaeda . Ahmadinejad 's predecessor at the time of the September 11 attacks , Mohammed Khatami , condemned them , and Tehran cooperated with the U.S.-led campaign to topple al Qaeda 's Taliban allies in Afghanistan that followed . The United States and Iran have not had formal diplomatic relations since 1980 after Iranian militants stormed the United States Embassy in Tehran and held Americans hostage for 444 days . The United States considers Iran a state sponsor of terrorism and has accused the country of meddling in Iraq and in Afghanistan where U.S. troops are battling Taliban and al Qaeda remnants more than six years after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . More than 2,700 people died in the attack on the World Trade Center , when al Qaeda terrorists flew hijacked passenger jets into the twin towers . A third jet hit the Pentagon , and a fourth crashed in a Pennsylvania field after passengers resisted their hijackers . "  It is appalling that President Ahmadinejad , one of the world 's leading sponsors of terror , would find it appropriate to visit this hallowed ground , " State Department spokesman Tom Casey said . Several presidential candidates also condemned the requested visit . Hillary Clinton , the New York senator and Democratic front-runner , called the request "  unacceptable . " Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , a leading Republican , called it "  shockingly audacious . " And former Mayor Rudy Giuliani -- whose leadership after the attacks is the cornerstone of his GOP presidential bid -- said that "  under no circumstances " should Ahmadinejad be allowed to visit the World Trade Center site . Zalmay Khalilzad , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , said the site should not be "  used as a photo op . " Numerous critics have attacked Ahmadinejad 's hard-line anti-Israel stance and his insistence that Iran will defy U.N. demands that it halt its production of enriched uranium . Iran insists it is producing nuclear fuel for civilian power plants , but Washington accuses Tehran of trying to produce a nuclear bomb . E-mail to a friend CNN Correspondent Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad wanted to visit ground zero New York City officials said no because site is under construction The United States considers Iran a state sponsor of terrorism Leaders call request "  audacious , " "  unacceptable "
CNN  -- So New York thinks it 's the most stylish city on the planet ? Sure , the Big Apple was named top dog in the latest rankings of fashion capitals around the world , pushing Paris into second place , and London into third . But can you party in an abandoned Rothschild mansion in New York ? Can you watch indie films in an antique Japanese pagoda ? Can you chillax on the beach in the heart of the city ? Nope ? Well , mes amis , you can in Paris . Whatever the world 's fashion dignitaries might say , the City of Light is much more than stripy t-shirts and the Eiffel Tower . In fact , you 'd be hard pressed to find a single Parisian jostling with the tourists atop that particular feat of architecture , says culture blogger Vanessa Grall . "  Paris does n't have to be the crowded tourist city everybody thinks of , " said the 29-year-old editor of messynessy.com , a website delving into the city 's hidden artisan gems . "  The great thing about Paris is you can walk around quiet , very traditional neighborhoods that are like movie sets , and find these secret little pockets -- like a hilltop vineyard overlooking the city . " And when the sun goes down , you can continue exploring the city 's sumptuous club scene -- if you know where to look . "  People who complain about Paris nightlife are people who do n't get out much , " said 28-year-old Arthur Mestrot who , along with 26-year-old Ruben Nataf , founded online city guide "  Ten Days in Paris . " "  I feel as though there 's a real link between night clubs and art , the buildings are some of the most beautiful in the world . We have a much different clubbing culture than other European cities like London and Berlin -- it 's smaller , more intimate . " Grall 's top tip for discovering some of these tourist-free treasures ? "  Rent an old 1960s scooter , you do n't need a license , and it 's the best way to take the side streets and get lost . " And when you 've worked out how to find your way back again , here are a few more reasons why Paris is cooler -- if not always more fashionable -- than you think : You can party in an abandoned Rothschild mansion Or a World War Two bunker . Or a closed inner-city railway . In fact , if it 's grand , vintage , and out-of-bounds , then event organizers "  We are the Oracle "  WATO  will probably be holding an extravagant soirée somewhere inside . Expect "  Eyes Wide Shut " style secrecy , decadent dining , and thumping tunes -- all inside the city 's most magnificent derelict buildings . Thousands of baguette-toting , beret-wearing cyclists take over As any hipster will tell you , retro is cool . Bikes are also cool . Artisan deli goods are definitely up there . So the "  Beret and Baguette " cycle ride through the city , involving 1,000 people dressed in 1930s costumes , and culminating in a picnic in the park , ticks all the right boxes . Watch indie films in an antique Japanese pagoda People who do n't know , watch films in multiplex cinemas . People who do , watch them in a lavish 118-year-old Japanese pagoda . The extravagant La Pagode was built as a present from Le Bon Marché department store owner Monsieur Morin as a gift to his wife . Today , movie-goers can sip tea in the surrounding bamboo gardens before marveling at the elegant theater adorned with golden murals and chandeliers . French Riviera ? Paris brings the beach to you Let 's be realistic , not everyone has pockets deep enough for a vacation in the south of France . Never fear , Paris has it covered , bringing 5,000 tons of sand and nearly 100 palm trees to the banks of the Seine each summer . Ok , so it 's not quite the Mediterranean . But there 's still volleyball , giant sprinklers , and live jazz -- and all within the heart of one of Europe 's biggest cities . Go hunting for a secret underground river But the Seine is n't Paris ' only river . There 's another secret stream flowing deep under the streets -- if you know where to look . Centuries ago the Bièvre river wound its way through the city , becoming a polluted dumping ground for businesses , eventually sealed-up in 1912 . Today , walking tours follow plaques marking the hidden river route . You do n't need to go to the Louvre to see amazing art You could line up for three hours to get into the world 's most visited museum . Or you could wander the city at leisure , taking in some of the most skilful street art in Europe . If you want to see more than just the usual Banksys or pixelated mosaic "  space invaders , " then there are plenty of walking or cycling tours to give you an in-depth tour of Paris ' more obscure murals . See : Ghost stations to get stunning second life ? Watch : Keeping it in the Longchamp family	Paris is n't the most fashionable city in the world . But here 's why it 's the coolest Forget tired cliches , Paris is about discovering hidden gems away from tourists Top tips : Partying in derelict mansions , or watching indie films in antique pagodas
CNN  -- English champions Manchester United agreed a deal to sign highly-rated young goalkeeper David de Gea from Atletico Madrid on Wednesday . The 20-year-old , who helped Spain 's under-21 team to win the European Championship title last weekend , passed a medical at Old Trafford on Monday and will join on a five-year contract . He follows England winger Ashley Young and under-21 defender Phil Jones in moving to the UEFA Champions League finalists in post-season transfers . De Gea , who had long been linked with United as a replacement for the retired Edwin van der Sar , is likely to miss the start of the club 's pre-season tour of the U.S. as he has been given an immediate vacation by boss Alex Ferguson . "  The manager said that I should enjoy the holiday I 've been afforded now , but of course I 'm more excited about getting started in training and meeting my future teammates , " De Gea told the club 's television channel . "  Edwin has been the best goalkeeper in the world while here at United . I hope to emulate him and spend a great number of years here . Hopefully I will equal or even surpass the performance and contribution he made to the club . " Villas-Boas eyes immediate success at Chelsea De Gea is the second new goalkeeper brought in by Ferguson , with Denmark international Anders Lindegaard signing in the January transfer window . Their arrival casts some doubt on the United future of Poland international Tomasz Kuszczak , who was Dutchman van der Sar 's understudy . "  I am young but I 'm coming here on the back of two full seasons in La Liga in Spain so I think I 've got enough experience to contribute to such a big club , " De Gea said . "  When a club the size of Manchester United comes in for you , it obviously makes you very happy . I saw their interest as an extra motivation to work even harder to show off my ability . " Spain 's reign continues as under-21s win European crown De Gea 's international teammate Thiago Alcantara , who scored Spain 's second goal in the final against Switzerland , has signed a new two-year contract with European champions Barcelona . The 20-year-old is now tied to the Spanish league winners until mid-2015 . Spanish club Racing Santander have appointed Hector Cuper as coach to replace Marcelino Garcia Toral , who left to join Sevilla last month . The 55-year-old Argentine has previously coached Valencia , guiding the La Liga club to Champions League finals in 2001 and 2001 , and Italy 's Inter Milan . United 's Premier League rivals Sunderland have signed England under-21 international striker Connor Wickham from second division club Ipswich for $ 12.8 million in a deal that could potentially be worth $ 19 million . Wickham , 18 , has agreed a four-year contract after being linked with moves to bigger clubs such as Liverpool , Arsenal and Tottenham . French champions Lille have signed defender David Rozehnal after the Czech Republic international impressed on loan from German side Hamburg last season . Nigerian goalkeeper Vincent Enyeama has also joined on a three-year deal from Israeli club Hapoel Tel Aviv . Lille had already brought in strikers Dimitri Payet and Ronny Rodelin plus defender Marko Basa since winning a domestic double . Ivory Coast international center-back Abdoulaye Meite has joined promoted French club Dijon on a three-year contract after leaving English side West Brom . On a busy day for French clubs , Toulouse signed Turkey international striker Umut Bulut on a three-year deal from Turkish club Trabzonspor , while Sochaux loaned defender Steven Mouyokolo from England 's Wolverhampton . Italian club Fiorentina announced on Wednesday that Brazilian defender Romulo Caldeira will join once the 24-year-old has passed a medical , while Serbia under-21 defender Matija Nastasic is also expected to sign .	Spain under-21 goalkeeper David De Gea to sign five-year contract at Manchester United English champions agree deal with Atletico Madrid for the 20-year-old De Gea is expected to replace United 's retired Dutchman Edwin van der Sar His under-21 teammate Thiago Alcantara signs new contract at Barcelona
CNN  -- Investigators pleaded for help from the public Wednesday in their search for two kidnapped Tennessee girls and the man accused of abducting them and killing their mother and sister . The FBI added the suspect , Adam Mayes , to its list of 10 most wanted fugitives and added $ 100,000 to the reward fund offered for a break in the case . Mayes has been charged with killing Jo Ann Bain and her eldest daughter , Adrienne , in late April , but authorities believe he is still holding Bain 's younger daughters , 12-year-old Alexandria and 8-year-old Kyliyah . "  From an investigative standpoint , we keenly and firmly believe that Adam Mayes is out here somewhere with these two young children , " said Mark Gwyn , director of the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation . "  And it 's going to be up to the public to help us if we 're to bring these children back home and place him in custody where he needs to be . " The search is now concentrated around Guntown , Mississippi , where the bodies of the mother and daughter were found over the weekend . "  We are moving forward with our investigation to hunt down Adam Mayes and rescue those two little girls , " Aaron Ford , the special agent in charge of the FBI 's Memphis office , told reporters Wednesday . He urged Mayes to leave the girls in a "  safe location , " such as a police station , church or hospital , "  and then peacefully and safely turn yourself in . " The federal reward brings the total amount of money offered for information leading to Mayes ' arrest to $ 175,000 , Ford said . Mayes ' wife , Teresa Mayes , and his mother , Mary Frances Mayes , are in custody , but Mayes himself continues to evade a small army of 17 law enforcement agencies and hundreds of searchers . The two young sisters were the targets of a kidnapping plot that involved the killing of their mother and older sister , a Tennessee court document states . Adam and Teresa Mayes each have been charged with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of especially aggravated kidnapping . Adam Mayes faces an additional count of making a false report , according to arrest affidavits filed in Tennessee . In an interview with police , Teresa Mayes said her husband intended to take Alexandria and Kyliyah from their home in Hardeman County , near Memphis . Read the affidavits  PDF Police said she told them she was in the Bains ' garage where Adam Mayes killed Jo Ann and Adrienne Bain . Details about time or cause of death have n't been released . But in the affidavits , investigators said Adam and Teresa Mayes drove the bodies to Union County in northern Mississippi , where they were discovered Saturday in a shallow grave behind Adam Mayes ' mother 's house in Guntown . The mother , Mary Frances Mayes , has been charged with four counts of conspiracy to commit especially aggravated kidnapping . Authorities describe Mayes as a white man with blue eyes and brown hair , 175 pounds and 6-foot-3 . He recently cut his hair and may have done the same to the missing girls . In security camera video shot April 30 at a convenience store near his home , Mayes is seen with short hair and a goatee . Nick Bargouthi , the clerk seen in the video , told HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell " that Mayes was a frequent customer . "  He walked in , went in and bought a Coke , " Bargouthi said . "  I noticed he cut his hair , got rid of his pony  tail  . When I asked him , he said , ` Yeah , it was too hot . ' But he kept all his facials on . And then he walked out . " He was last seen May 1 in Guntown . While the search is centered around his hometown , he also has connections to Arizona , Texas , Florida and the Carolinas , the FBI says . Teresa Mayes ' lawyer , Shana Johnson , said her client is cooperating with police but would not say whether she knows the whereabouts of Adam Mayes or the girls . The Mayes family and the Bain family are connected through Adam Mayes ' sister Pamela , who used to be married to Jo Ann 's husband , Gary Bain , the lawyer said . Adam and Teresa Mayes have been married for 11 years and lived in Guntown , she said . Johnson said she has asked for a mental health evaluation of her client . Bobbi Booth , Teresa Mayes ' sister , spoke to CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Tuesday about Adam Mayes and his relationship with her sister , who she said has mental health problems . "  I 've known Adam for at least 25 years , and he 's always been weird and unusual ... but I never dreamed he would do something like this , " she said . She described him as aggressive and not trustworthy . He beat and threatened to kill her sister , said Booth , who pleaded with him to "  do the right thing . " "  Just let the children go . This has gone on way too far , and we need to figure out what 's going on , and it 's not fair to the children , " she said . Authorities tried to interview Mayes soon after Gary Bain reported his wife and the girls missing April 27 in Whiteville , a western Tennessee town of 4,600 people . However , Mayes fled , officials said . Mayes may be using the alias of Christopher Zachery Wylde or Paco Rodrigass , his Facebook profile name , according to the bureau . Ellen Fulghum , a guidance counselor at the high school Adrienne Bain attended , told HLN there was "  a dark cloud " over the school and community . " "  It 's just a heaviness . Our hearts are heavy , " she said . "  It 's one of those situations where , as adults there 's no way we can wrap or minds around something like this , " Fulghum added . "  It 's very hard to help children through a grieving process when it is something of this nature . " CNN 's Rich Phillips and Natisha Lance contributed to this report .	NEW : The case leaves a "  dark cloud " over a Tennessee town , counselor says NEW : "  It 's going to be up to the public to help us , " TBI chief says Mayes is now on the FBI 's 10 most wanted list Mayes is believed to be near Guntown , Mississippi
CNN  -- In most presidential races this close , it is a battle for the undecideds and independents . Pre-convention interviews with both Republican and Democratic delegates suggest this year might be more like trench warfare -- firing up the party faithful , starting in Tampa and Charlotte , to mobilize a high grassroots voter turnout in November . "  Conventional wisdom is that this election is about independents , but in reality it 's about the base , " said Orit Sklar , a Georgia-based longtime Romney activist attending her first convention as part of a state delegation . "  For Republicans , it means the convention is that much more important this time around . Our base has to be energized leaving Tampa , because we have to do everything we can not only to elect Mitt Romney , but to win the Senate and gain greater control of the House . " Like President Barack Obama , Philadelphia City Councilman Kenyatta Johnson launched his political career as an inner-city community activist . He says the mission is no different for Democrats . "  I 'm a grassroots organizer at heart . ... You 've got to make sure you get everyone at every level involved , all pushing the same message , " he said . "  We want to make sure we go block by block , house by house , door by door , to make sure we get every vote possible . " Paul loyalists say ` we can do better ' That view is echoed by Georgia Democratic delegate Steve Henson , minority leader of the state Senate . "  You better be on your p 's and q 's on Election Day and make sure your people are coming , " he said . "  Turnout 's a concern in every state for both parties . You 've got to get your people to the polls . " Republicans liken this year 's race to 1980 when the contrasts between the two candidates -- Ronald Reagan and then-President Jimmy Carter -- were just as stark . Obama , Romney : No more niceness But some analysts say the more apt comparison is 2004 when the incumbent , Republican George W. Bush , "  was as much of a lightning rod as President Obama is today , " as chief CNN pollster Keating Holland put it . "  This is not an election where you are trying to persuade independents , " Holland said . "  The selection of Paul Ryan is evidence of this . ... The Ryan pick was a base election strategy . " Ryan 's selection was heartily applauded by Debbie Dooley , the Atlanta-based national coordinator of Tea Party Patriots . "  I did n't think Romney would be bold or courageous enough to pick Paul Ryan as his running mate , " she said . "  That signals the direction he 's going in . He 's not trying to run away from some of the statements Paul Ryan has made in regards to Medicare and some of the other issues . " Before Romney picked Ryan , some conservatives seemed to be more anti-Obama than pro-Romney . A similar situation existed in 2004 , with Republicans occupying the White House . "  With all respect to John Kerry , the party was united against Bush , " recalled Michigan Democratic Chairman Mark Brewer , who is going to his sixth convention , this time as a so-called "  super-delegate . " "  He ran as a compassionate conservative in 2000 . That went out the door with tax cuts for the rich and two wars he paid for with credit cards . " Opinion : What GOP needs to do in Tampa Kentucky GOP delegate Mark Metcalf is a U.S. Army reservist who served in Iraq after working in the Bush Justice Department and later at the Pentagon as associate deputy general counsel . Metcalf went to his first convention in 1980 , as chairman of Kentucky 's Young Republicans and a supporter of dark horse presidential candidate Howard Baker , the senator from Tennessee who achieved fame by asking "  What did the president know , and when did he know it ? " during the Watergate scandal that brought down Richard Nixon . "  It was a convention I went to believing in a man who really did n't get very far in the presidential race , and I left as an advocate for Ronald Reagan , " he says . Of this year 's contest , Metcalf says : "  In my lifetime , I think this is probably the most important presidential election we 've ever had . There 's two very different visions of America offered by Governor Romney and President Obama . What 's at stake is the free enterprise system as it has been articulated during the history of this country . "  President Obama stands for more government , less freedom and less personal responsibility . Governor Romney stands for free enterprise , less government , more freedom . " Two Democratic delegates from Florida stressed the importance of Obama 's appeal to minorities and young people , voter blocs that were pivotal for him four years ago . "  I think the outcome of the election may very well be determined by the number of young people who come out to vote , " said Stephanie Rosendorf , 21 , director of political affairs for Florida College Democrats , a first-time voter herself in 2008 . "  I think we can either choose to re-elect our president and continue to make progress or we can go back to the last decade and its failed policies . " Annette Taddeo , a Colombian-American small business owner , ran for Congress on the ticket with Obama in 2008 but lost to popular Cuban-born Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen in south Florida . A longtime party activist , she was cheered by Obama 's decision to exempt from deportation children of illegal immigrants who pursue a college education , his endorsement of same-sex marriage and the party 's proposed platform plank embracing that position . Of Obama 's runs for the presidency , Taddeo says , "  The first time it was historic ; this time it 's personal because the attacks have been so personal -- frankly , below the belt -- throughout his presidency . It 's unacceptable . "  Obamacare was n't good enough even though it 's the same as Romneycare just because it came from his mouth . " Dooley , who stresses fiscal conservatism over social issues , says tea party get-out-the-vote efforts are focused on Senate , congressional and local contests . "  If we get people out for those races , those people are going to vote for Romney , " she says . "  We feel Georgia is a red state so the Tea Party Patriots and Atlanta Tea Party are sending people to Florida , maybe Virginia , some of the other battleground states , to help there . " Holland , the CNN pollster , says it all gets down to the grassroots . "  The Republican conventional wisdom is the Obama coalition from 2008 was a coalition of people who are known for not voting , " he said . "  So they believe if they motivate their base and Obama tries to mobilize his base , he will fall short . " Brewer , the Michigan Democratic chairman , disagrees with that scenario . "  I think there really is respect and affection for the president for all the things he 's done under the circumstances , " he said . "  And then we look at the alternative -- Romney and the tea party Republicans and all the things they would roll back , overturn and repeal . "	Romney activist : election not about independents but about the party base This election is like 2004 where George Bush "  was as much of a lightning rod as President Obama is today " CNN Pollster : It all gets down to grassroots Democrat : Election is about looking at the progress made and then realizing that progress could be rolled back
CNN  -- After a weeklong campaign by a coalition of more than 100 women 's groups , Facebook announced Tuesday that it would update its guidelines and moderator training to crack down on gender-based hate speech . This commitment , though only a prelude to effective and consistent implementation , marks a watershed moment in the cultural evolution of the billion-user-strong social media platform -- and perhaps even of the entire internet . The activist campaign spotlighted a proliferation of content glorifying rape and other violence against women on Facebook . Groups and images with allegedly humorous titles like "  Raping a Pregnant B *** h and Telling Your Friends You Had a Threesome " have always been only a click away and , under Facebook 's content policy until now , stood a better chance of surviving moderator review than photos of breastfeeding babies did . Some have criticized the activist campaign as an attack on free speech , but free speech here is a red herring at best . Facebook is a private enterprise , and the First Amendment quite simply is not the issue . Like any private online service , Facebook also has a right to set terms of use and a responsibility to shareholders to meet users ' needs . Some 60,000 tweets to the campaign 's #fbrape hashtag made clear that violently misogynistic content was doing damage to Facebook 's relationship with its user base . Facebook makes thousands of decisions a day about what sort of content is acceptable on its site . Soraya Chemaly , one of the founders of this month 's campaign along with activist groups Women Action and the Media and Everyday Sexism , told me that Facebook 's moderation of ads or content like breastfeeding photos "  put them in a position of interpreting this content and deciding what would stay up and what would not . ... It became evident that there was a double standard when it came to gender . " Viewed in that light , Facebook 's response to the activist campaign signals not a radical change of agenda but rather a refinement to its existing content policies . Yet its significance for women ca n't be overstated . The acceptability of speech glorifying sexual or other violence against women is a sure measure of the degree to which women 's full participation -- on a website , in any public space or in a society -- is welcome . Facebook is to be commended for committing to take additional steps to ensure that women are as welcome on its service as men . Twitter , Tumblr , Google + and the rest would do well to follow in Facebook 's footsteps . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michelle Kinsey Bruns .	Facebook agrees to crack down on gender-based hate speech Michelle Kinsey Bruns : Site allowed content glorifying rape , other violence against women It 's no First Amendment issue , she says ; it 's about terms of use , shareholders Kinsey Bruns : Move is very significant to women ; Tumblr , Twitter , Google + must follow
CNN  -- A Massachusetts woman convicted of attempted murder after failing to properly care for her cancer-stricken son was sentenced Friday to spend eight to 10 years in prison , prosecutors said . Kristen LaBrie , 38 , also was ordered to serve five years on probation and to complete an anger management program , said Essex County district attorney spokesman Steve O'Connell . Prosecutors argued during LaBrie 's trial that she intentionally withheld medications and medical treatments , such as chemotherapy , from her son , Jeremy Fraser . Fraser , an autistic child who at age 6 was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma , was recuperating and his cancer was in remission . But in 2009 he died of leukemia . He was 9 years old . Prosecutors argued that LaBrie 's negligence was a factor that contributed to her son 's death , allowing the cancer to spread after it had been beaten back into remission . LaBrie had faced a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison for the crime . She will be eligible for parole after eight years , O'Connell said . She was sentenced to probation for convictions of child endangerment and assault and battery . LaBrie 's attorney said earlier that the system failed his client . "  Some of the times when people have mental problems they have a hard time reaching out . That 's the purpose of social workers . Social workers are supposed to be able to detect when people have problems . The social workers on this case failed to do that . Certainly the warning signs were there , " attorney Kevin James said on HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell . " "  Why did n't the people that knew better , why did n't they come forward and help ? " he asked .	Kristen LaBrie is sentenced Friday to spend eight to 10 years in prison Prosecutors argued that LaBrie intentionally withheld medications from her son LaBrie 's attorney has said that the system failed his client
Chongqing , China  CNN  -- I glimpse the sprawling hotel from a distance , nestled into the lush hills on the outskirts of Chongqing . The air is fresher here , the temperature several degrees cooler than the sprawling metropolis of more than 30 million people below . In its heyday this was a high-end resort area but as we drive along the windy road towards it , I can see it is well past its prime . There are rundown buildings , dogs sprawl on the concrete and the smattering of restaurants , massage centers and karaoke bars clearly have n't had a facelift in decades . Last November , Neil Heywood , a British businessman with seemingly rare access to the rich and powerful in China , took this same journey . He would never return . His body was found in the Nanshan Lijing Holiday hotel , now the scene of a murder investigation . China enters internet ` battlefield ' over Bo Heywood is at the center of one of the most extraordinary , mysterious and scandalous stories in recent Chinese history . His death is the vital link in a chain of events that has seen a man once touted as a potential President of China purged from the Communist Party leadership , his wife investigated for murder , and his deputy in custody after he sought asylum at a United States Consulate . And it all started here , in this grimy , dilapidated hotel ; a hotel my crew and I have now checked into . Other TV crews have been turned away at the gate , the traditional hand over the camera shot , but we 've managed to find rooms . With key in hand I 'm walking in the footsteps of Heywood . China promises thorough investigation into Bo scandal It is a musty hotel corridor . There is a stale smell of damp carpet mixed with years of stale cigarette smoke . It 's hardly the type of salubrious establishment befitting Heywood 's high flying image . When I open the door -- the lock itself was jammed and took several tries -- the room is hardly an improvement . The furnishings are old and chipped -- a faded , flimsy lounge and a double bed with a garish purple and white vinyl bed head . There is a bug fighting for its life on the floor , skirting boards are busted and power points dislodged from the walls with exposed electrical wires . The air conditioning switch is old and faded yellow . When I switch it on the fan splutters before rattling to life . This is a hotel that has seen better days . The only decorations here are faded plastic flowers , and appropriately for this story , a jigsaw puzzle on the wall . At night mini-skirted call girls can be seen in the corridors furtively knocking on doors . I am reminded over and over again of how this seems such an unlikely setting for a baffling story that has captivated the country and thrown open the secretive doors of the all-powerful party . There are police everywhere . Patrol cars parked in the driveway , plain clothed investigators moving around the grounds . Oh to be a fly on the wall in the hotel staff rooms here , but publicly they will say nothing . Over lunch we tempt waitresses for any morsel of information , but they are well versed in keeping their mouths shut . "  There are lots of police here , what 's happening ? " we ask . "  Nothing . They 're just having lunch , " one waitress replies before scurrying off the moment our plates hit the table . Yet behind closed doors this is all anyone is talking about . With each passing day more details are emerging of Heywood 's business and personal links to one of China 's most powerful families , and how it all allegedly went terribly wrong . Bo Xilai was the Communist Party Chief of Chongqing , a man who ruled this city with an iron fist . He made his name by driving out criminal gangs , sending underground heavies to jail . He presided over strong economic growth and did it all to a soundtrack of communist revolutionary-era songs broadcast on local television . To many locals , especially the poor we have spoken too , he was a hero . One shoe-shine lady told me he made the streets safer and the city greener . But to his critics he was an ambitious authoritarian who used his crime-busting campaign to target enemies and rivals . Now he 's in disgrace , stripped of his titles and hidden from view . His former top cop and right-hand man , Wang Lijun , split from Bo and sought refuge in an American Consulate . Sources in the party now claim he 'd argued with Bo after raising suspicions the Party boss ' wife had a hand in Heywood 's death . The investigation has yet to reveal its findings , but multiple diplomatic , business and political sources talk of Heywood 's business and personal dealings with the Bo family . All the major players are dead or silenced . Dozens of people connected with the case have been arrested and Gu Kailai , Bo 's wife , is under investigation for murder . I finally get one local man to talk . He does n't condemn Bo . "  He should be remembered for the good things he did , " he says . But like everyone he is fascinated by the twists and turns of this case . "  Bo Xilai is under investigation in Beijing , " he says , "  Gu Kailai is his wife , she 's involved in the death of that British man Neil Heywood , " he tells me excitedly . As we walk the grounds of the hotel we get even closer to where it all began . Heywood was staying in what has been described as an upmarket villa in the complex . It has a price tag of $ 700 a night . If so it is greatly inflated . No one will say which exact villa it was and there is tight security , but we do manage to get inside one of the dozen or so two-story units attached to the hotel . Inside it is as tired and dated as the standard rooms -- the same faded furniture and stains on the walls . Yet the very state of this hotel , the sleaziness if you like , only lends to the fascination . What happened on the night Heywood died ? What will this mean for Bo and his family ? Right now the answers to these questions are locked behind these walls and we can only peer through the windows .	CNN 's Stan Grant goes to Nanshan Lijing Holiday hotel in Chongqing Body of Briton Neil Heywood was found at the hotel last November Chinese authorities are investigating his death as a possible murder Wife of former Chongqing chief is being investigated for the alleged crime
Chicago  CNN  -- More than three years after actress and singer Jennifer Hudson 's mother , brother and nephew were killed , jury selection began Monday in the murder trial of the man charged in their deaths . William Balfour , the estranged husband of Hudson 's sister Julia , is accused of fatally shooting Hudson 's mother and brother inside their Chicago home in October 2008 . The body of Hudson 's 7-year-old nephew , Julian King , was found three days later inside an abandoned vehicle . Balfour , who was also Julian 's stepfather , has also been charged with one count of home invasion . About 150 people are candidates to be among the 12 jurors or six alternates in the case . The process of whittling down this pool began Monday morning in a Chicago courtroom , and by mid-afternoon , nine jurors had been selected while several others had been excused for hardship reasons . Judge Charles Burns has said he hopes to have the jury finalized by Wednesday . Then there will be a break , with the opening statements in the case set for April 23 . The judge has told the would-be jurors that he expects the trial to last three to four weeks . Balfour was detained for questioning the day after the victims were found at the Chicago home . Authorities at the time said that they were holding Balfour for an unspecified parole violation , but he ended up being indicted for murder two months later . He has pleaded not guilty to the charges , and his lawyer has said in court there is no forensic evidence linking him to the killings . Prosecutors have portrayed Balfour as a jealous man who murdered three people in rage at the thought that his wife had a boyfriend . The deaths took place a year after Hudson , who rose to fame as a contestant on "  American Idol , " won an Oscar for her role in the movie "  Dreamgirls . " In a recent interview with CNN 's Piers Morgan , Hudson reflected on the life of her mother , Darnell Donerson . "  My mother was a very wise and strong person . I feel like she raised us well , and she prepared me well , and so that 's what I live by , " she said . Hudson , who is on the witness list , is expected to attend the upcoming trial . Her career has continued to blossom and remain varied since her relatives ' deaths . Her recent milestones include penning a memoir detailing her struggles with her weight , being cast to play Nelson Mandela 's ex-wife Winnie in an upcoming movie , releasing a new album and singing a well-received tribute to Whitney Houston at the most recent Grammy awards in February . CNN 's Ted Rowlands in Chicago and Alan Duke in Los Angeles contributed to this report .	NEW : Nine jurors were selected by mid-afternoon ; 12 total are needed , plus six alternates William Balfour is accused of fatally shooting Hudson 's mother , brother and nephew Balfour , the estranged husband of Hudson 's sister , has denied the charges Opening arguments are set for April 23 , and the trial may last 4 weeks , the judge says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The last living survivor of the Titanic earned only a small fraction of what auctioneers hoped to raise when she sold her final remaining mementos of the doomed ship to pay nursing home bills . Millvina Dean , 97 , was trying to raise money so she can stay in the nursing home she prefers . The 17 items belonging to 97-year-old Millvina Dean sold for about $ 8,000 on Saturday , according to auctioneer Alan Aldridge -- not enough to pay for two months at her nursing home . Aldridge had earlier speculated the sale could raise up to $ 50,000 for her . But the bidder who bought the Dean item with the closest connection to the doomed voyage returned it to her after the sale , Aldridge said . "  A young man bought the canvas bag for # 1,500  $ 2,200  and donated it back to Millvina , " Aldridge said . He did not reveal the buyer 's identity . The canvas bag might have been used to lift the infant Dean from a lifeboat to a rescue ship , Aldridge said . "  Historical documents say she was lifted from the lifeboat onto Carpathia , the rescue ship , in a mail sack , " Aldridge said . After her rescue , Dean , her mother and brother returned to England with a canvas sack , among other possessions . "  There is speculation that this would have been the bag . It 's a leather and canvas bag . You would easily get a child or infant in it , " Aldridge said , though he added that research by the Smithsonian , the British Postal Museum and the Liverpool Maritime Museum showed no proof that Dean had been taken off the lifeboat in that particular bag . It was the second auction in less than a year at Henry Aldridge & Son for Dean , who was a 9-week-old baby when the ship sank on its maiden voyage in 1912 . Aldridge said before the sale he was eager to raise as much for Dean as possible . "  She 's in a residential nursing home . She 's 97 years of age . She 's paying # 3,000 a month in nursing home fees , " he said . "  As she said , # 3,000 a month is # 36,000 a year , which is a lot of money , " he said . "  When she runs out of money , the state will pay fees for her , but while she can pay her fees , she decides where she gets her care . When the state pays , they decide . " Dean 's previous sale , in October , raised just over # 30,000 , Aldridge said . "  It 's made a lot of people aware of her plight , a lot of people have sent her funds , " he said . Dean never married and had no children . "  There are cousins but there is no one directly to support her , " Aldridge said . "  The property she lived in  before she moved to the nursing home  was not hers . She 's just an ordinary little old lady . "  If she 's lucky , she 'll get another four or five years , she 's quite a fit lady , " he said . Dean was not available to speak to CNN herself because of a throat infection , Aldridge said . The auction included 17 items from her collection -- most of them memorabilia related to the Titanic and signed by her , but not from the ship itself . The auction , in Devizes , southwest England , also included letters from the estate of Titanic survivor Barbara Dainton-West which fetched more than $ 36,000 . One letter sold for about $ 21,800 , while two others went for about $ 5,800 and just over $ 10,000 , Aldridge said . The letters include descriptions of her family 's trip to board the Titanic and the immediate aftermath of the sinking . Dainton-West , who was 10 months old when the ship went down , died in October 2007 , the auctioneer said .	Last survivor of Titanic earns fraction of what auctioneers hoped to raise Auction aimed at paying nursing home bills of 97-year-old Millvina Dean She was 9 weeks old when Titanic sank in 1912 The 17 items sold for about $ 8,000 , instead of $ 50,000 initially hoped for
CNN  -- Washington and Lee University cited slavery 's "  regrettable " role in the Virginia school 's history and announced that it will remove Confederate battle flags from a chapel that serves as a major meeting place . The decision was announced in a message Tuesday from university President Kenneth Ruscio following discussions of concerns raised by black students about the campus environment . In 1826 the University -- then Washington College -- owned between 70 to 80 slaves and benefited from their labor , wrote Ruscio . "  Acknowledging that historical record -- and acknowledging the contributions of those individuals -- will require coming to terms with a part of our past that we wish had been different but that we can not ignore , " Ruscio said . Ruscio also said that the regimental flags are going to be removed from Lee Chapel . The flags are replicas of original and historic battle flags that were once at the site . The university in Lexington is named for President George Washington and Robert E. Lee , the Confederate general who later served as school president until his death in 1870 . He is buried in a crypt beneath the landmark chapel . The original flags will be placed on rotating display at Lee Chapel Museum in a more "  appropriate location " where the stories behind them can be properly told , wrote Ruscio . A group of black law students , referred to as "  The Committee , " has been communicating with the administration about its concerns , leader Brandon Hicks said Wednesday . Their letter began a dialogue between the students and the administration . "  It 's about creating a climate on campus that everyone feels welcome , " Hicks told CNN on why he sought the changes . He said some students felt uncomfortable with the flags at Lee Chapel . "  These are huge steps . We are ecstatic , " Hicks said of Ruscio 's announcement . Black students comprise 2 % of the undergraduate student body at Washington and Lee . "  It 's commendable that the university and the administration took into consideration the feelings of all students , " Hernandez Stroud , former president of the Black Law Students Association , told CNN . "  I think these are age-old issues that are as challenging as they are controversial and I think there are people all across the spectrum that understand no solution will please everyone . But I do think what was incredibly encouraging was the care the administration used with these issues , " Stroud said . "  Schools are more than just their history , " Stroud said . In April , Ruscio said questions raised by law students were legitimate . "  Washington and Lee seeks to establish a climate of learning in which we treat all individuals with respect and trust . If even one person thinks that we have not met our aspiration in that regard , we must listen to them and examine why . We are doing so , and we will continue to do so , " he wrote . In his letter Tuesday , the administrator said the purpose of the historic flags in a campus setting is to educate . "  They are not to be displayed for decoration , which would diminish their significance , or for glorification , or to make a statement about past conflicts , " he wrote . "  The reproductions are not genuinely historic ; nor are they displayed with any information or background about what they are . The absence of such explanation allows those who either ` oppose ' or ` support ' them to assert their own subjective and frequently incorrect interpretations . " Stroud says he does not hold a grudge against Washington and Lee , because no institution is void of racism . "  I think going to school here knowing Lee and his history is like asking why you would n't boycott the American dollar bill when George Washington was a slave owner . " Opinion : Why we need to talk about reparations ` Why I 'm tired of hearing about ` that ' civil rights movement ' Opinion : History Lost : Mississippi burning again Opinion : Confederate flag was the the flag of traitors CNN 's Marisa Marcellino and David Shortell contributed to this report .	Students raised questions about environment at Washington and Lee Replica Confederate battle flags had been displayed in chapel School calls its link to slavery "  regrettable " "  These are huge steps . We are ecstatic , " says one student
CNN  -- In 2012 , when people build farms on Facebook , kill pigs on their phones and gun down mutant space aliens on their home consoles , how do you define the word "  gamer " ? It 's not so easy , is it ? The evolution of that question factors deeply in the plans of game hardware manufacturers and software development companies heading into this week 's Electronic Entertainment Expo  E3  in Los Angeles . The annual convention , which kicks off Monday with a handful of press announcements , acts as a launching point for new games and improved gaming hardware in advance of the fall and holiday buying seasons . Because being a gamer has grown from someone playing for hours on a console to include people who may play only for short periods on a smartphone or tablet , designers and developers are scrambling to meet changing demands . In responding to this evolution of gamers , the companies say they have very distinct ideas about who they want to reach and how . Perhaps not so strangely , the player split -- between so-called traditional gamers and more casual ones -- begins in the living room . Wii U , ` Halo 4 ' boost anticipation for E3 I spoke with five prominent gaming companies -- Sony , Microsoft , Electronic Arts , Bethesda and 2K Games -- who will be pulling back the curtain at E3 on their latest and greatest titles , features and plans . While they offered no big spoilers , they did explain how targeting different types of gamers weighed heavily into their decisions for E3 . A fractured market Some game makers are continuing to build powerhouse franchises , such as the "  Call of Duty " series , that take hours to play . Others , like Electronic Arts , are leaning in the other direction to develop shorter , intense experiences -- sometimes with stand-alone titles or as smaller pieces of a larger game . "  We 're going to be where the consumers are and , right now , they are basically everywhere , " said Patrick Soderlund , executive vice president of EA Games Label , referring to the growth of mobile and social gaming . Soderlund said EA will be showcasing five console games during their Tuesday press conference , and most of the games will be deeply integrated with other products . "  We treat our games as a service , " he said . "  We continue to listen to what consumers are telling us and what consumers want more of . " Sony is also prepared to broaden play beyond the traditional console , with software enhancements and games for its PS Vita handheld device . The company wants its PlayStation experience to be available at all points in the gamer 's life . John Koller , director of PS Vita marketing , said the Vita is a foundation of Sony 's strategy . Consumer trends since the handheld console 's launch in February show an appetite for small , indie games that take less time to play , he said . " ` Escape Plan ' is a good example of what I think we are going to see more of -- unique , Vita-specific content , " he added , referring to the puzzle game that launched with the Vita . Targeting core gamers If Sony and Electronic Arts want to capture gaming on the move , other companies want to appeal to gamers who want to stay inside . These companies recognize that mobile and social gaming are growing , but that does n't stop them from pitching their games at core gamers . Microsoft is expected to show off enhancements to its Kinect motion controller , which the company hopes will transform the Xbox from a gaming device into an entertainment center for the entire family . "  From games to movies , TV and music -- how can we expand our footprint in that area ? " said David Dennis , Xbox product manager . "  What you 'll see from us at E3 is certainly an expansion of that . We 've got some amazing partnerships lined up to fully round out the different options of entertainment . " Two software companies , Bethesda Softworks and 2K Games , are positioning themselves at E3 to attract those players who want lengthy , immersive games that can take days to complete . Pete Hines , vice president of public relations and marketing for Bethesda , said their big titles for E3 are designed with the heavy-duty player in mind . Two of them are "  Elder Scrolls Online , " a massively multiplayer online game with a medieval setting , and "  Dishonored , " a new stealth action game with a steampunk look . "  People like to play good games , " Hines said . "  We tend to focus more on that as opposed to what is our lineup of social games , what is our lineup of mobile games . That really is n't what Bethesda is about . We 're not going to ... try and be somebody we 're not because that 's the new buzz in that type of gaming or audience , " he said . 5 games to watch at E3 Christoph Hartmann , president of 2K , believes their E3 lineup of games will appeal to the type of gamer who wants to spend a lot of time playing . Their three titles -- "  Borderlands 2 , " "  XCOM , " and "  Spec Ops " -- are existing franchises with deep fan bases . "  I think people are going for deeper and longer experiences , " he said . "  Compare it to restaurants . Some people want a McDonald 's world and others want a AAA Michelin star-rated restaurant . I think people really want to be engaged long term in a franchise or title . " So whether you want to spend hours gaming on a TV screen or just minutes on a smartphone , E3 is poised to show you new experiences . The trade show runs through Thursday and offers something for every gamer -- even if you do n't stay in your living room to play .	Game developers must decide which kind of gamers to target This schism will be on display this week at the Electronic Entertainment Expo Game exec : "  We 're going to be where the consumers are ... they are basically everywhere "
CNN  Scientists at NASA are one step closer to understanding how much water could have existed on primeval Mars . These new findings also indicate how primitive water reservoirs there could have evolved over billions of years , indicating that early oceans on the Red Planet might have held more water than Earth 's Arctic Ocean , NASA scientists reveal in a study published Friday in the journal Science . "  Our study provides a solid estimate of how much water Mars once had , by determining how much water was lost to space , " said Geronimo Villanueva , a scientist at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center . "  With this work , we can better understand the history of water on Mars . " To find answers to this age-old question about Martian water molecules , scientists used the world 's three major infrared telescopes , in Chile and Hawaii , to measure traces of water in the planet 's atmosphere over a range of areas and seasons , spanning from March 2008 to January 2014 . "  From the ground , we could take a snapshot of the whole hemisphere on a single night , " said Goddard 's Michael Mumma . Scientists looked at the ratio of two different forms -- or isotopes -- of water , H2O and HDO . The latter is made heavier by one of its hydrogen atoms , called deuterium , which has a neutron at its core in addition to the proton that all hydrogen atoms have . That weighed down HDO more , while larger amounts of hydrogen from H2O floated into the atmosphere , broke away from Mars ' low gravity and disappeared into space . As a result , water trapped in Mars ' polar ice caps has a much higher level of HDO than fluid water on Earth does , the scientists said . The scientists compared the ratio of H2O to HDO in Mars ' atmosphere today to the ratio of the two molecules trapped inside a Mars meteorite , a stone that broke off from Mars -- perhaps when an asteroid hit -- and landed on Earth some 4.5 billion years ago . They were able to determine how much that ratio had changed over time and estimate how much water has disappeared from Mars -- about 87 % . The findings indicate that the Red Planet could have had its fair share of blue waters , possibly even yielding an ocean . According to NASA , there might have been enough water to cover up to 20 % of Mars ' surface . That would amount to an ocean proportionally larger than the Atlantic on Earth . "  This ocean had a maximum depth of around 5,000 feet or around one mile deep , " said Villanueva . NASA scientists say that much of this water loss happened over billions of years , along with a loss of atmosphere . And as the planet 's atmospheric pressure dropped , it was harder for water to stay in liquid form . Heat also contributed to its evaporation . As a result , the remaining primeval ocean water continued to move toward the poles , where it eventually froze . "  With Mars losing that much water , the planet was very likely wet for a longer period of time than was previously thought , suggesting it might have been habitable for longer , " said Mumma . CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Scientists studied water in Mars ' atmosphere with three giant infrared telescopes They compared the ratio of certain molecules on the planet with that of a Mars meteorite that landed on Earth
Copenhagen , Denmark  CNN  -- U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon said Saturday a "  deal has been reached " that could be the framework for a binding global climate change treaty . "  Finally we sealed the deal and it is a real deal . Bringing world leaders to the table paid off , " Ban said , according to CNN affiliate TV2 Denmark . "  The Copenhagen Accord may not be everything that everyone hoped for but this decision of the conference of parties is a beginning , an essential beginning . " Moon said the non-binding deal called for all countries to limit global temperature rise to below two degrees Celsius . He said the deal was a step toward creating a legally binding treaty . "  The deal is backed by money and the means to deliver it . Up to $ 30 billion has been pledged for adaptations and mitigation , " Ban said . Critics of the U.N. Climate Change Conference have said that without specific commitments from the leaders to actually cut carbon emissions it would be difficult to reach any target . Environmental group Greenpeace released a statement criticizing the deal . "  Do n't believe the hype , there is nothing fair , ambitious or legally binding about this deal , " Greenpeace said . "  The job of world leaders is not done . Today they shamefully failed to save us all from the effects of catastrophic climate change . " U.S. President Barack Obama praised the deal Friday before leaving the conference in Copenhagen , Denmark . "  For the first time in history , all major economies have come together to accept their responsibility to take action to confront the threat of climate change , " Obama told reporters . The president said he met with leaders from India , China , Brazil and South Africa , and "  that 's where we agreed ... to set a mitigation target to limit warming to no more than 2 degrees Celsius . " It 's a nonbinding goal , and the emissions targets "  will not be by themselves sufficient to get to where we need to get by 2050 , " Obama said . However , he added that it is a first step , and that for many countries "  this is going to be the first time in which even voluntary they offered up mitigation targets . " "  I think that it was important to essentially get that shift in orientation moving , " Obama said . The president said he believes it 's necessary that the countries get to a legally binding treaty , but said , "  If we just waited for that , we would not make any progress . " The deal calls on nations to submit their "  concrete commitments " into an appendix attached to the agreement to specifically lay out each country 's intentions for climate change , Obama said . Those commitments will be subjected to an international "  consultation and analysis " that will help foster accountability among the nations . "  It will not be legally binding , but what it will do is allow for each country to show to the world what they 're doing , " Obama said , "  and there will be a sense on the part of each country that we 're in this together , and we 'll know who is meeting and who is not meeting , the mutual obligations that have been set forth . " Another senior administration official had said the precise details of the agreement were still in some flux , so it was unclear whether the final version would include language that was in earlier drafts aimed at forcing nations to set legally binding targets for reducing emissions . The president worked behind the scenes on getting a vote among key nations -- including China and India -- to approve the agreement before taking it to the wider group for a vote , according to the official .	U.N. chief Ban Ki-moon says deal reached that could be framework for binding global climate change treaty Moon says non-binding deal called for all countries to limit global temperature rise to below two degrees Celsius Critics of the U.N. Climate Change Conference say specific commitments needed from world leaders
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The historic days when Britain was frequently troubled by marauding , ransom-seeking Scandinavian invaders resulted in a rueful proverb "  Once you have paid the Dane-geld you 'll never get rid of the Dane . " It is a proverb which should be noted by governments thinking of bailing out troubled automobile companies . Despite a vociferous campaign by workers MG Rover failed to survive . As the U.S. authorities contemplate how to respond to pleas for help from the "  Big Three " -- GM , Ford and Chrysler -- they might pause to reflect on the experiences of past British governments when they tried to help the troubled British Leyland group in its various historical forms . The British Leyland Motor Company , BLMC , was formed back in 1968 . It was a merger promoted by the Industrial Reorganisation Corporation set up by the 1964-70 Labour government of Harold Wilson . But weakened by such developments as the 1973 oil crisis , Britain 's Three Day Week and the industrial militancy of the times , the group struggled to compete and was part-nationalized in 1975 . With car , truck and bus manufacturers and other varied interests , the group at one time held some 40 per cent of the British car market . But although it had such prestigious marques as Jaguar , Rover and Land Rover and introduced the innovative and best-selling Mini , the group had an incoherent product range , was slow to develop new models to cope with international competition and frequently had to go cap in hand to the government . When Margaret Thatcher came to power in 1979 she knew that how her government tackled what was effectively a state-controlled industry would have a crucial effect on the morale and practice of British industry and managers . She wanted to back the company 's chief Michael Edwardes in fighting trades union militancy . But she and her ministers found that commercial needs and political realities frequently collided . Tell us what you think She was determined to confront the unions and to cut back on state subsidies . But in no time she found even a chairman she admired and who shared her objectives coming to her asking for further supplements to the # 1 billion previously pledged to the ailing company by the previous Labour government . With the company 's employees due to be balloted on a painful re-structuring plan there was a danger that if they said no there would be a forced liquidation . As Thatcher recorded in her memoirs "  The economic consequences of such a collapse were appalling . One hundred and fifty thousand people were employed by the company in the UK . " There were an equal number of jobs in the component industries dependent on Leyland and it was calculated that closure would cost the British balance of trade # 2 billion a year . In an insight into the dilemmas faced by many governments now , the former prime minister noted : "  Closure would have some awful consequences . But we must never give the impression that it was unthinkable . If ever the company and its workforce came to believe that there would be no end to their demands on the public purse . " She refused to guarantee BL 's debts but even so the ballot was successful . Then the company asked for government backing , and money , to implement its corporate plan . Thatcher was skeptical , commenting "  BL 's annual plans always forecast major improvement but every year things seemed to get worse ... " The company 's share of the UK car market had slumped from 35 to 16 percent . Thatcher had her ministers comb through the company accounts and they concluded that the plan was likely to fail . But in the end BL got government backing and money because , as she put it : "  People simply would not understand liquidation of the company at the very moment when its management was standing up to the unions and talking the language of hard commercial commonsense . " Things did not get any better . BL 's management was reluctant to sell the company or to let the government engage an independent adviser on the disposal of its assets . Amid a worldwide recession there were more wage claims , more strikes and Thatcher lectured the company and the industry on its poor productivity and over-readiness to strike . As she acknowledged , "  On any rational commercial judgement , there were no good reasons for continuing to fund British Leyland . " Watch iReporters on the bailout " Thatcher wanted out of government involvement in the industry , or at least a middle way with a partial selloff . But no deal was struck . With ministers growing increasingly nervous about the unemployment prospects if the company went under , a re-structuring plan was finally agreed . As she admitted : "  The political realities had to be faced . BL had to be supported ... and , most painfully , we provided # 900 million . " Thatcher and her ministers claimed that there was a long-term change in attitude from British Leyland workers . But they regretted that the huge extra sums they were forced to provide came from the taxpayer or , because they were forced to raise interest rates , from other businesses . "  Every vociferous cheer for higher public spending was matched by a silent groan from those who had to pay for it . " Some jobs were saved , for a while . But did the British taxpayer get value for money ? It seems very doubtful . After various re-configurations the BL Group , by then renamed MG Rover , went bankrupt in 2005 , bringing to an end mass car production by British-owned manufacturers . MG became part of a Chinese group , Jaguar and Land Rover were sold on by Ford in 2008 to TATA Motors of India .	UK governments spent billions trying to help troubled British Leyland group BLMC formed in 1968 but Margaret Thatcher privatized it However MG Rover went bust in 2005 , later sold to a Chinese company
CNN  -- The introductions at BlogHer , the largest conference in the world for women in social media , tend to go something like this : "  WellConnectdMom , so great to meet you , " I said to a blogger whom I knew only by her Twitter handle . "  KellyWallaceTV , great to meet you too , " she replied , using my Twitter handle . That type of exchange happens hundreds , maybe thousands , of times at this conference , which opened Friday in Chicago . The chance to meet online connections in person is part of the reason women from all over the world gather for the two-day event . They also come to network , build potential business partnerships and burnish their brands overall . "  Well Connected Mom " Lori Cunningham expects to meet at least 200 people this year , her third BlogHer conference . She 'll contact many of them when she returns home to continue networking and building upon common interests . "  It just is an opportunity to open a door that you would n't have if you did n't come to a BlogHer conference , " said Cunningham , a mother of two from Los Angeles whose blog focuses on simplifying technology for women . For first-time BlogHer attendees like Chicagoan Jamie Jensen , the goal is to build her blog , For Love of Cupcakes , into a full-time job that she can run as a "  work-at-home mom . " "  I 'm hoping to just keep growing to where it can be a part-time income or eventually a full-time income , " said Jensen , the mother of a 2-year-old girl , who works outside the home as a day-care teacher . BlogHer is more than a conference . It 's also a major cross-platform business that hosts 3,000 blogs and helps many more expand their reach through education and networking opportunities . The BlogHer publishing network has generated $ 25 million for about 5,000 female writers over the past four years , said BlogHer co-founder Lisa Stone . Most bloggers use this income to support their work and pay for business expenses ; others use it to supplement their household income and support their families , she said . Businesses understand the power of female bloggers , judging by the more than 130 brands -- from Coca-Cola to Samsung -- in attendance . And yet , mainstream media seem to marginalize what these women are doing . Take a Wall Street Journal story this year that depicted blogger conferences as opportunities for women to party away from their husbands and kids . "  The sheer power of women on the Web is so clear statistically , and yet there is some ongoing prevailing effort to belittle that leadership , " Stone said , citing stats showing women are 41 % more likely to use social media than men . "  Good luck trying to put women who blog into a bell jar , " Stone said . "  They are going to ooze right out over the top and explode right in your face . " Still , among the public , there seems to be a lack of understanding of what a blogger is , says Amanda Rodriguez , a mom of three boys and host of Dude Mom . Rodriguez , who is speaking on a panel this weekend , said she recently attended an event sponsored by the National Football League where no one seemed to understand what she did as a blogger . It 's the same response she says she gets when she reveals her profession to people at airports or in the doctor 's office . "  I think there 's just a misconception about what bloggers do . They all think we 're either like Perez Hilton or whatever random mommy blogger that they have read about on Oprah.com , " the Frederick , Maryland , mom said . "  So I think it 's up to us to sort of work really hard to change that perception , " she said . "  Hopefully other people will start to give the career a little more credence . " The BlogHer Conference , now in its ninth year and profiled recently in USA Today , aims to help by bringing attention to what female bloggers do . Big-name speakers also help . Last year , President Obama gave a keynote via video conference . This year 's closing keynote speaker is Sheryl Sandberg , chief operating officer of Facebook and author of the much-talked-about book "  Lean In . " Mainstream America may not understand the power and influence of bloggers . But parents who share tips about products or advice for getting kids to behave see the blog community as an extension of those support networks , said Cunningham . There is another power that has nothing to do with educating the public . It has to do with women connecting with other women in ways they ca n't connect with their friends . First-time conference attendee Sarah Evans hosts the blog It 's a Vol , based on her love of the University of Tennessee Volunteers . She suffered from postpartum depression after her daughter was born . The women she met online , many of whom she is meeting for the first time at BlogHer , saved her , she says . "  When I had postpartum depression , there was nobody in my physical life at that point in time who could say ' I know what you went through , ' " Evans said . Through the BlogHer community , she met others who could relate to what she was going through and shared their experiences on their blogs . "  You can say , ` Look at this mother . She 's fantastic . She made her way through this , ' " she said . "  I feel like that right now , and I can get through that . I can get to that point , too . " The value of such a connection ? Priceless .	Bloggers gather in Chicago for two-day conference for women in social media Annual conference provides networking and educational opportunities "  I think there 's just a misconception about what bloggers do , " Dude Mom Amanda Rodriguez says
The involvement of five Arab countries in the air strikes against ISIS in Syria is a major new development for the region . It is not yet clear exactly what role they have played in what the Pentagon described as "  participation and support " for the operation , but this is about symbolism more than military might . For the U.S. , it was vitally important to avoid this looking like another Western attack on a Middle Eastern country , and to emphasize that opposition to ISIS comes from within the Arab and Muslim worlds - where the vast majority of their victims have come from . But what 's in it for the Arab countries ? The move reflects a combination of concerns about their domestic security and their international reputation . Longer term , beyond the concerns about ISIS itself , it reflects a desire on the part of these Arab states to play a more active role in regional security -- but also illustrates the risks that can affect anyone wanting to become the policeman of the region . Firstly , these states see ISIS as a threat to their own domestic security . ISIS 's ideology does n't only condemn the "  infidel West ; " like al Qaeda , it is also dead set against the existing regimes in the Arab states , and wants the states themselves to fall and be replaced by a caliphate . Saudi Arabia , which has confirmed its air force was involved in Tuesday 's strikes , has been the victim of al Qaeda  AQ  attacks before , in 2003-04 , and Jordan was bombed by an AQ affiliate led by Abu Musab al Zarqawi , an ideological precursor of ISIS . For its part , the UAE has accused the Muslim Brotherhood of plotting to overthrow it . The UAE is the most hawkish of the five states when it comes to Islamists , and U.S. officials say that UAE forces recently bombed Islamist militants in Libya , a claim dismissed by a UAE minister . If so , this would be another indication of the growing military assertiveness of this small but wealthy country . However , if it happened it proved ineffective ; the militants subsequently took Tripoli airport . Second , for some Gulf states , especially Qatar , there is a worry that some in the West actually blame them for ISIS emerging . Several Gulf countries have been arming and funding a variety of Syrian opposition groups -- as the West has too . Gulf states say they 've funded only "  moderate rebels " , and that though this has included some Islamists , they are not ISIS . But there are allegations of Qatari funding for Jebhat al Nusra , an al Qaeda affiliate , which Qatar denies . Qatar is also being criticized harshly by Israel for supporting Hamas . For Qatar , therefore , a role in the airstrikes operation is a chance to counter the allegations that it supports terrorism . It is also a chance to make a rare display of solidarity between Qatar and UAE , who have been at odds because they take opposing approaches to Islamists in the region . Both the Qatari and UAE air forces participated in enforcing the no fly zone in Libya . But since then they 've backed different sides in Libya . Indeed the Libyan PM has alleged that Qatari planes tried to take weapons to the militants holding Tripoli airport . This evident disunity has weakened the foreign policy credibility of the Gulf cooperation council , the regional alliance of Gulf monarchies , so it has been especially important for the key Gulf players to pull together against ISIS . The Saudi interior ministry has always been concerned that funding Islamists could lead to blowback . They 've seen this before , with Afghanistan . However , it 's less clear exactly what covert intelligence operations may have been supported in their bid to topple Assad and combat Iran ; and when weapons and money go into a complex and fragmented civil war , it is not always certain where they will end up . There has certainly been private funding from the Gulf ; the U.N. has recently blacklisted several private individuals from the Gulf for funding ISIS and JaN. . Several thousand Saudis have gone to fight in Syria -- though with a range of opposition groups , some of which are supported by the West . And there have been claims in the Western media that the Saudi interpretation of Islam itself promotes this kind of exclusionary ideology -- which Saudis reject strongly , saying their religion is against the shedding of innocent blood . For Riyadh , this is a reminder of the period after 9/11 , when U.S. analysts seriously questioned the value of their alliance with Saudi Arabia . Indeed , as part of its response to ISIS , Saudi Arabia convened a regional counterterrorism summit on this year 's anniversary of 9/11 . But for the Kingdom to take part in a U.S. - led coalition is something much more dramatic , not seen since 1991 , when Gulf forces joined U.S.-led coalition to liberate Kuwait from Iraqi occupation . Saudi Arabian forces have been involved in fighting Houthi militants in Yemen in recent years , in a war almost entirely ignored by Western media . But both these conflicts were on their own borders , and had a defensive aspect . Greater military assertiveness by the Gulf countries , and Gulf cooperation with the larger armies in Egypt and Jordan , are key regional trends to watch . Gulf countries will remain keen to expand their own limited military capabilities and be less reliant on the U.S. , just in case it is not always there to guard them . Some in the Gulf , including the former emir of Qatar , have expressed frustration that the U.S. was not doing enough to end the Syrian conflict and suggesting that there should be an Arab intervention . However , until recently , they were talking about an Arab intervention against Assad . With this latest display of military force , the Syrians who sympathize with the opposition will be asking why these countries did n't have the same interest in defending them against regime attacks and chemical weapons .	Five Arab states participated in or support airstrikes against ISIS targets in Syria , the U.S. says Jane Kinninmont says their support reflects concerns about security and reputation Some of the Gulf states are concerned that the West blames them for ISIS 's rise , she says But pro-opposition Syrians will ask why they did n't intervene against Assad , she says
CNN  -- Oh good , the brutal cold conditions that froze much of the country last winter are unlikely to happen again . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said in its seasonal outlook Thursday that some of those areas east of the Rockies might even see warmer temperatures this time . Remember how we kept talking about the Polar Vortex last winter ? Chances are there wo n't be as much chatter about it as we move into December and January . "  The Polar Vortex is always there , " CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen reminded us . "  When it breaks , it spills cold air into the U.S. It 's pretty unlikely that it would happen two years in a row . " Looks like NOAA agrees , though it warns folks in the South and Southeast to expect below-average temperatures -- and more precipitation . So cities like Detroit and Chicago that saw record amounts -- or near records -- of snow should n't have as much of the white stuff , but Atlanta and Dallas may have to keep their snow plows ready , Hennen said . While we probably wo n't hear as much about the Polar Vortex , we might see El Niño move his way back into the weather discussion . Hennen said forecasters have been waiting for an El Niño to form in the Pacific , but it has yet to materialize . NOAA 's Climate Prediction Center puts it as a 67 % likelihood of happening during the winter . But the El Niño will be a weak one and bring only some rain to drought-stricken California and other states in the West . "  We 're likely to see normal amounts of rain , " Hennen said , "  which will help with the drought , but not alleviate it . " Breakdown by region of what NOAA expects : Northeast -- above-average temperatures , above-average precipitation along the coast . Hennen said it 's important to remember that a lot of storm systems start in the South and work their way up the coast , so cities like New York and Boston might get more than their normal amounts of snow . Mid-Atlantic -- temperatures should be about normal as will the precipitation amounts in the interior parts of each state ; wetter toward the ocean Midwest -- Should be normal in temperature and precipitation in most areas South -- colder , wetter in most areas West -- above-average temperatures throughout , above-average precipitation in some southerly spots Pacific Northwest -- drier and warmer than most years Alaska -- Warmer , normal precipitation Hawaii -- It 's always nice , it seems , but expect less rain this season	South will be colder and wetter but other areas will see warmer than normal temps California 's rainfall totals should be about normal , not enough to solve drought The Polar Vortex likely wo n't spill as much cold air into the United States for a second year
Canada and tennis ? Really ? Yes the country known in sporting terms for dominating ice hockey and curling is prospering in a summer sport . And at least among the men , Canada is trumping the U.S. , its more heralded and populous neighbor . Early last year , Milos Raonic achieved a significant milestone when he became the first non-U.S. male to assume the position of North American No. 1 since rankings began in 1973 . "  Did n't expect that one to happen , " John McEnroe , the controversial , charismatic and talented former No. 1 , said in a conference call . "  I guess I learned to expect the unexpected . " While Raonic 's feat said much about the amply discussed state of the U.S. men -- from having 42 players in the top 100 this week in 1984 , only six found themselves there at the start of this week 's U.S. Open -- it was the beginning of an unprecedented boom in Canadian tennis thanks to the 23-year-old , Eugenie Bouchard and Vasek Pospisil . Boom in singles , that is . Daniel Nestor is one of the greatest doubles players of all time and continues to collect titles at the age of nearly 42 . Raonic , still the continent 's top male player and ranked sixth overall , is frequently mentioned in the same breath as Bulgaria 's Grigor Dimitrov when it comes to players able to threaten the "  Big Four " of Roger Federer , Rafael Nadal , Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray and potentially claim a grand slam title . He has bettered that illustrious quartet in one area this year , despite suffering from a lower leg injury in January and February . Raonic is the lone player to reach at least the quarterfinals in six Masters events . "  It 's been great , " Raonic told CNN . "  I 've put myself in weekend parts of tournaments , in the quarters or better most of the time so I 've given myself a shot against the top guys . " No wonder he has high hopes at the year 's final grand slam . "  I believe I can win the tournament , so that 's what I 'm pushing to do , " Raonic said . He is already the highest-ranked Canadian man in history , easily surpassing Canadian-turned-Brit Greg Rusedski 's No. 41 in 1994 , and was the first man from his nation in more than a century to reach the semifinals at Wimbledon . With a serve considered one of the best in the game and a temperament as unwavering as his well-manicured hair , he should be around for a while , too . He emerged earlier than Bouchard , but the 20-year-old -- whose first language is English , despite the francophone sounding family name -- has turned into a media darling a la a trio of North American blondes of decades past , Chris Evert , Tracy Austin and the 1984 U.S. Open semifinalist from Canada , Carling Bassett . She even has her own fan club , the "  Genie Army . " Given the name Eugenie because of her mother 's fascination with British royalty , destiny appeared to be on Bouchard 's side when she made July 's Wimbledon final -- she was the first player representing Canada to play in a grand slam singles final . But Petra Kvitova scuppered any hopes of a Hollywood ending with a masterful display of power tennis that left even the feisty Bouchard in tears . Yet , she has reached at least the semifinals of the year 's first three majors , something 17-time grand slam champion Serena Williams and five-time grand slam champion Maria Sharapova -- Bouchard 's idol -- did n't accomplish . Bouchard 's loss of form entering the U.S. Open is likely a slight wobble instead of a longstanding concern . High expectations do n't faze her . "  It 's a position I want to be in , " she told reporters on the eve of the New York event . Pospisil trumped Raonic and Bouchard in one department -- becoming a grand slam winner at the highest level . He and American partner Jack Sock triumphed in the men 's doubles at Wimbledon . The baby-faced Pospisil , whose weapons are his serve and forehand , faced Raonic in the first all-Canadian final on the men 's tour in Washington in early August . He broke into the top 30 this year in singles and , if not for a back injury , might have gone farther . "  It was tough because I was gathering so much momentum throughout 2013 and then I felt like I was playing great tennis at the start of this year , " Pospisil told CNN before he lost his first-round match at the U.S. Open . "  Then I hit a bit of a wall there , a big speed bump . " The rapid success has surprised Davis Cup captain Martin Laurendeau , who achieved a career high of No. 90 in 1988 . With Laurendeau at the helm , Canada surfaced in a maiden Davis Cup semifinal in 2013 . "  We had a few athletes spread out during the generations doing a few good things here and there , but never really was there a club like this where they broke through on the international stage at the same time , " Laurendeau told CNN . The inevitable question is , why now ? "  Tennis Canada 's development programs , especially in Montreal , have been excellent , but in many ways the best players -- Raonic in Toronto , Bouchard in Montreal and Pospisil in Vancouver -- owe the most to their families and individual coaches , " Canada 's longest serving tennis writer , Tom Tebbutt , told CNN . Touching more on Tennis Canada 's contribution , Laurendeau brought up several factors . The focus , he said , has shifted to high performance and development . More resources , he added , have allowed the governing body to hire experienced coaches from other countries -- Laurendeau cited Louis Borfiga , who worked extensively in France -- and junior players can attend the tournaments they want rather simply choose the cheapest option . "  Louis came in and helped to change the mentality of the Canadian tennis players , " said Laurendeau . "  I do believe we believe more in our capabilities to break through . "  The mentality is a big part of it , definitely . " To that end , Bouchard was n't just happy to reach the Wimbledon final , and Raonic said Wimbledon was bittersweet . He took pride in getting to the last four but was "  upset " with his straight-set loss to Federer . Thus instead of doing media rounds when he got back home , Raonic almost immediately went straight back to training . "  As soon as I got my time off , I actually left Canada , " said Raonic . "  I wanted to be away from the things that might follow after tennis . "  When I came back and started training , I trained away from the tennis facility and actually  trained  where Toronto 's  MLS  team trains . "  I think it was a great result in general at Wimbledon , but I was upset with the way it finished so I wanted to put that behind me and get my nose back into the work . " Now , according to Laurendeau , the key is to maintain the momentum . Having a major star or handful of pros thriving is no guarantee of sustained success . Take Sweden or Brazil . Sweden , the home of Bjorn Borg and Stefan Edberg , does n't have a men 's player in the top 200 . Brazil , meanwhile , could n't capitalize on Gustavo "  Guga " Kuerten 's enormous popularity . Helping Canada is its tennis infrastructure -- a major training hub lies in Montreal -- and more people in the country , according to information provided by Tennis Canada , are playing the sport . The performances of Raonic , Bouchard and Pospisil should maintain the trend for the foreseeable future . "  When things get hot but there 's no structure behind it , well , there are so many options for kids to go into that are exciting , " said Laurendeau . "  You want to pick up the game , you go here . How old are you ? You can go here . Where do you live ? You can go here . "  That 's very important . When I look back at the Guga era , he was probably one of the greatest known sports figures in the world at one time . "  Especially in Brazil , tennis was very popular . Why did n't they see a boom behind Guga ? It was because that was lacking . It 's important for us to have a structure in place -- and we do have it in place . "	Canada 's Milos Raonic is the top-ranked North American male on the tennis tour Twenty years ago , no one could have forecast that and the U.S. men 's slump Canadian tennis is on a high with Raonic , Eugenie Bouchard and Vasek Pospisil Bouchard and Raonic excelled in Wimbledon singles and Pospisil won in doubles
"  Big Bang Theory " fans can breathe a sigh of relief . According to Deadline , the stars of the hit CBS series have agreed to hefty pay increases for the new season . Quoting unnamed sources , the publication reports that Jim Parsons , Johnny Galecki and Kaley Cuoco have secured three-year deals for "  $ 1 million per episode for the 72 episodes the show is slated to produce in Seasons 8-10 . " According to reports , the trio will also have an increased stake in the show 's backend profits . It 's been said that the trio previously received more than $ 300,000 per episode . The Hollywood Reporter confirmed the deal in its story and said co-stars Kunal Nayyar and Simon Helberg were still in negotiations , but expected to sign a deal soon . Warner Bros. . Television told CNN that "  we are n't commenting on the speculation at this time . " Earlier , the company confirmed that "  ongoing contract negotiations " had caused production on "  The Big Bang Theory 's " eighth season to be postponed . Production had been scheduled to begin July 30 and on Tuesday the company released a statement saying "  Production on season 8 of ` The Big Bang Theory ' will begin Wednesday , August 6 , with contract negotiations now having been concluded . " Warner Bros. is owned by CNN 's parent company . The new deals would put Parsons , Galecki and Cuoco in the same territory as the former cast of "  Friends , " who also negotiated for pay raises at the height of their show 's popularity . The popular series was renewed in March . Mayim Bialik and Melissa Rauch , who also appear on the show , are reported to have received raises in September . ` The Big Bang Theory ' actors get $ 25,000 an hour	Production had been stalled during negotiations Jim Parsons , Johnny Galecki and Kaley Cuoco reportedly will own more of the show Two other cast members are said to still be in negotiations
CNN  -- Four years ago , Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei kissed Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on the cheek before he was sworn in as Iran 's new leader . Mahmoud Ahmadinejad could be in for a rocky second term as Iranian president , analysts say . Song and prayer heralded a new start for Iran with the hard-line Tehran mayor , virtually unknown to the outside world in 2005 . He promised to stamp out corruption and fight for justice . With time , the world came to know the Iranian leader with his signature beige jacket and combative -- often anti-Israeli -- rhetoric . Monday , Iran 's supreme leader endorsed Ahmadinejad for a second term in office , but there was no hug or kiss this time around . Video from the event shows Ahmadinejad leaning toward Khamenei before the supreme leader raises his left hand to block him , leaving Ahmadinejad to gingerly kiss the cleric 's robe . The awkward scene seemed to only bolster the tensions that have emerged in the once strong relationship . Under Iran 's constitution , the incoming president must receive the supreme leader 's approval before being sworn into office . Khamenei 's endorsement is the first step in that process . On Wednesday , Ahmadinejad will take the oath of office before Parliament . But he will begin his second term in a deeply fractured Iran , one in which the conservative leader finds himself under assault from the legions of pro-democracy supporters and the nation 's powerful clerical establishment . Given the unprecedented fissures in Iranian society , some longtime scholars and observers now doubt whether Ahmadinejad will finish his second term in office . Some question whether the clerical establishment will sacrifice him in order to save the Islamic republic . Ahmadinejad 's main political problem is "  legitimacy , " said Alex Vatanka , senior Middle East analyst at IHS Jane 's , a provider of defense and security information . "  Can you operate for four years with huge questions over whether you are the rightful president ? " Vatanka said . "  I think that would undermine everything he does . " Ahmadinejad was declared the winner of Iran 's June 12 election , but thousands took to the streets in the aftermath to protest what they believed was a rigged vote . They chanted the name of Ahmadinejad 's chief rival , reformist Mir Hossein Moussavi , the crowds a sea of green , the color of the opposition candidate 's campaign . Since then , widespread demonstrations have plagued Iran 's leaders , who have ordered security forces to crack down swiftly and violently . Iranians have been arrested and jailed , their treatment condemned by global human rights organizations such as Amnesty International . Khamenei stood by his president , but strains in the relationship have surfaced in recent days after Ahmadinejad refused at first to heed the supreme leader 's orders to change a controversial vice-presidential pick . Iran 's clerics have made it known they would like Ahmadinejad "  to remain a powerful and popular president " and reminded Iran that the supreme leader 's word is the last one in the Islamic Republic . On the eve of his inauguration , Ahmadinejad sought to downplay any rift . In a public address , he compared his relationship with Khamenei to that of a father and son . But Kazem Alamdari , lecturer in sociology at California State University , Northridge , said Ahmadinejad has alienated the clerics just as he has the reformists . Alamdari said Ahmadinejad risks losing conservative supporters who may feel that Iran 's system has been placed in danger and that the situation has "  created an atmosphere for external forces to attack Iran . " If convinced the system is truly threatened , Khamenei could use his power to dismiss Ahmadinejad , Alamdari said . It would n't be the first time a supreme leader has made such a move . The Islamic Society of Engineers , a conservative group and ally of Ahmadinejad , in a statement warned that he could suffer the same fate as Prime Minister Mohammad Mossadeq . He lost the support of the clerics , consequently the people , and eventually was deposed in a 1953 CIA-backed coup . Iran 's first president after the 1979 Islamic revolution , Abolhassan Bani-Sadr , was forced to flee the country after he stood against the clerics , including then-Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini . The Islamic Society of Engineers statement asked Ahmadinejad for "  absolute obedience of the supreme leader . " Adding to Ahmadinejad 's political worries is a faltering economy . The world may have viewed Iran 's June 12 vote through the prism of individual freedoms and nuclear weapons , but most Iranians paid close attention to a staggering inflation rate , double-digit unemployment and the expenditure of oil revenue . With oil prices plummeting to below $ 40 a barrel , the Iranian government may be facing unsustainable budget deficits . Some analysts said the president 's first-term economic mismanagement had already earned him the ire of the establishment , long before any controversy erupted over his political legitimacy . One scholar , who is currently in Iran and did not want be identified for safety reasons , said it is increasingly clear the regime has not chalked out a perfect path to the future -- and how long Ahmadinejad will be along for the ride . Vatanka said Ahmadinejad lacks the political mindset for consensus and collaboration . But what empowers him may be his belief in himself . And one other weapon : he thinks God is on his side .	Mahmoud Ahmadinejad slated to be sworn in for second term as Iran president Supporters of opposition candidates have protested election result Ahmadinejad must have support of clerics to stay in office , analyst says Faltering economy has added to Ahmadinejad 's troubles
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A member of Pakistan 's paramilitary Sindh Rangers has been sentenced to death in the killing of an unarmed teenager whose fatal shooting was caught on video , a prosecutor told CNN . Five other soldiers , also members of the Sindh Rangers , and a civilian were given life sentences for their roles in the June killing of 17-year-old Sarfraz Shah , Muhammed Khan Buriro , a special public prosecutor with the Anti-Terrorism Court , said Friday . The sentences of the seven men still must be confirmed by the Pakistan 's higher court , Buriro said . All seven also were ordered to restitution , ranging from $ 1,162 to $ 2,325 each to Shah 's family , he said . The case prompted a public outcry after a chilling video captured by a local television cameraman showed Shah pleading for his life before being shot twice in a park in Karachi . In the video , which was broadcast across Pakistan 's networks , Shah cries "  I am helpless " and "  please do not fire . " After being shot twice , Shah then begs to be taken to a hospital before bleeding to death . The shooting death was the latest in a series of human rights incidents that has deeply eroded public confidence in security agencies . Pakistan 's Supreme Court ordered transfers for the heads of the Sindh Rangers and the provincial police force after the shooting . Pakistan 's Supreme Court also ordered the six soldiers and the civilian to be tried before the country 's Anti-Terrorism Court , , a special court where hearings are expedited and decisions come more quickly than in the regular court system . Authorities , at the time of the shooting , said Shah tried to rob people at a park named in honor of slain former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto . They said Shah had pointed a pistol and wanted to steal cash and cell phones . Authorities said he was handed over to park security and then to the Rangers . Shah apparently tried to snatch the Rangers ' guns , authorities said at the time . That 's when the soldiers opened fire . The video shows Shah reaching for their weapons before backing away . Shah 's family has repeatedly said he was innocent .	Six soldiers and one civilian are convicted in the shooting death of Sarfraz Shah One man is sentenced to death , six others to life in prison , prosecutor says Those convicted are also ordered to pay restitution to the teen 's family The sentences still must be confirmed by Pakistan 's higher court , prosecutor says
CNN  -- The Argentine Football Association will not replace outgoing coach Diego Maradona before October , it announced on Wednesday . Sergio Batista , the coach of Argentina 's under-20 team , will remain in temporary charge until then -- with his first match being the friendly against the Republic of Ireland in Dublin on August 11 . The former international player , who took Argentina 's under-23 team to a gold medal at the 2008 Olympics , will also take the side for the prestige friendly against world champions Spain in Buenos Aires on September 7 . The new coach will be appointed after the AFA 's annual meeting in October , the UK Press Association reported , and will take charge until the 2014 World Cup finals in Brazil . Maradona 's contract was not renewed by the AFA after he refused to make changes to his backroom staff following the 2010 World Cup , where Argentina lost 4-0 to Germany in the quarterfinals . The 1986 World Cup winner accused AFA president Julio Grondona and general manager Carlos Bilardo of lying to him and betraying him . "  Grondona told me that he wanted me to continue as the coach , but that seven people from my coaching squad would have to go , " the 49-year-old told reporters . "  That was impossible for me to agree to do . I have different codes and morals than they do ; my parents taught me that . "	Diego Maradona 's replacement as coach of Argentina 's national team to be made in October Sergio Batista , the country 's under-20 coach , will remain in temporary charge until then He will take Argentina for upcoming friendly internationals against Ireland and Spain
A short story , buried on the fourth page of the sports supplement : that 's how the New York Times , one of America 's most globally orientated of newspapers , marked what remains as U.S. Soccer 's most sensational result to date and possibly one of the greatest underdog victories of any World Cup . In front of 10,000 fans in Belo Horizonte , a U.S team fielding three part-time players lined up for their second match of the 1950 World Cup hosted by Brazil . It was a fixture that promised only humiliation for the 500-1 outsiders , as their opponents were the supremely confident , superstar-studded and much-lauded originators of the game : England . Interest in the match was limited back home . In fact , just one reporter from the world 's richest nation had made the trip , and only because he 'd paid his own way and used precious vacation time to attend . His newspaper , the St. Louis Post-Dispatch , had seen no value in covering the event . But Dent McSkimming proved to be on the right side of history . For he was the only American journalist to file the epic tale of how a lone goal from Joe Gaetjens defeated the English Goliath and astonished the rest of the soccer-playing world . It was as if "  Oxford University sent a baseball team ... and beat the Yankees , " he famously wrote . In 2014 , if the U.S. beat Belgium on Tuesday to once again upset the odds on Brazilian soil , it 's fair to say Uncle Sam 's hacks will face stiffer competition for their words to be immortalized in the same vein . It seems soccer is starting to stir the soul of the American sports fan and , consequently , there are now hundreds relaying stories where there was once one . Key indicators suggest interest in the sport Stateside has reached a new zenith . The 2-2 draw Jurgen Klinnsman 's men wrangled from Portugal became the most-watched soccer game in American history according to Nielsen figures when it attracted 25 million television viewers . Bearing in mind that baseball 's 2013 World Series averaged 15 million viewers on Fox while the NBA Finals delivered a similar figure for ABC , college and NFL football now remain the only sports franchise with a greater magnetism for Americans . For the tournament 's games in general there 's been a 50 % audience increase in the U.S. from those of the World Cup in South Africa , 4.3 million against 2.8 million in 2010 . This heightened profile means business has been brisk too . Accountancy firm PWC recently predicted global sports revenues will be worth $ 145.3 billion by 2015 , driven on by events like the World Cup . America accounts for 45 % of this market and the 20 sponsors of U.S. Soccer -- from Anheuser-Busch and AT&T to Visa and Yingli Solar -- have hit the jackpot in Brazil . "  As much as our own expectations were extremely high , those  audience  numbers surpassed even what we anticipated , " David Wright , senior vice-president of global sponsorship for Soccer United Marketing , MLS 's commercial arm that represents U.S. Soccer , told Sport Business Journal . And it 's a sentiment shared by one of America 's sport apparel giants too . Nike entered into football in 1994 and has seen its revenues in this area go from $ 40 million then to $ 2.3 billion for the last financial year . "  We do n't give out numbers but sales for the two U.S. soccer kits that we make have been very strong , " Charlie Brooks , Nike 's VP of Global Communications told CNN . "  The red , white and blue away kit was the best-selling U.S. kit we 've ever done in North America in the first two weeks after its launch . And even before the tournament had started , the level of interest was huge ... we posted a 21 % increase in our football product revenues for the year leading up to the World Cup , and our North America region was up 10 % in the fourth quarter helped by strong sales in soccer too . "  The average sports fan in the U.S. is getting into football during this World Cup like never before . Watching ESPN 's coverage in the States , with every game live and the action appearing in Sports Center , the fan fests in the major cities ... it shows this is no longer a minority sport but one that is on the up , " Brooks added . "  Our animated ` Last Game ' advert has hit 200 million views online alone . The three films in our ` Risk Everything ' campaign combined registered over 380 million online views ... I do n't have exact figures but these are two of the most shared brand videos in Facebook 's history . ` The Winner Stays ' commercial had 75 million views online before it went on TV . " The digital realm is another area that is experiencing a surge of traffic from America 's World Cup interest . The last group game against Germany set a fresh online audience record when over 1.5 million people streamed the game via WatchESPN . This World Cup has also seen a new high of 389,000 messages-per-minute recorded on Twitter , eclipsing the previous mark set by activity around Superbowl XLVIII . Facebook confirmed this year 's festival of football is the first event to generate 1 billion engagements -- posts , comments and likes -- on its platform with 220 million users  20 million more than the entire population of Brazil  interacting . During the U.S. vs. Portugal game alone , 10 million people generated 20 million Facebook interactions . And it 's not just fandom in the digital sphere where America has been a force . Supporters from the States were second only to host nation Brazil in the amount of tickets  196,838  they bought for the tournament , with fan-group leaders confident this trend is only set to continue . "  This has n't been an overnight sensation ; it 's been building and growing for 25 years . We 're excited to see our fan base grow and more and more people involved in the World Cup , " Neil Buethe , U.S. Soccer 's senior manager of communication , told CNN . "  Our number one goal is player development ; number two is growing the game and connecting with our fans . So we set up events  at the World Cup  with our supporters where they can meet the players or on social  platforms  we provide a lot of information from behind the scenes , so they can feel part of the team at all times . " U.S. Soccer work closely with unofficial supporters ' groups too , such as the "  American Outlaws " -- who organize travel packages for World Cup ticket holders and parties on the ground . "  In 2010 we had 25 official chapters  groups across America  and 10,000 members . Currently we 're up to 143 chapters and 25,000 members ... and 7,000 members joined in the last two weeks , " Outlaw Daniel Wiersema told CNN . "  Only around 50 people came to South Africa with us , it was basically one coach-load . This year we arranged travel packages and accommodation for 530 members ... despite the large distances that need to be covered in Brazil , so it 's changing . " Fandom is evolving in a uniquely American way too . "  The great thing about being an American soccer fan is we can borrow some of the best aspects of other U.S. sports ... so we tailgate before games for example , as well as take on the influence of Europe and Latin America , " Wiersema said . "  Either way there is no better way to demonstrate your fandom than following your team to the ends of the earth , it 's just an amazing experience . " That 's if you can avoid the inevitable hangovers that accompany such an adventure , though Wiersema attests that the last-minute draw with Portugal gave him a bigger headache than any ' "  caipirinhas sunk in Brazil . " The plucky American Outlaws that remain in Brazil have trekked to Salvador ahead of the showdown with Belgium holding onto the belief that this nation can once again provide inspiration for their side to make history and reach the quarterfinals . McSkimming would no doubt be proud of the progress . Off the field : The men of the USMNT Glossary for the budding American World Cup fan	U.S. faces Belgium in World Cup last-16 clash in Brazil on Tuesday Americans shocked the world by beating England in 1950 tournament Soccer is growing in popularity in U.S. as coverage spreads Team USA 's success in group stage brought record audiences
CNN  -- Doctors at the Technical University of Munich have conducted the world 's first double-arm transplant on a 54-year-old farmer who had lost both his arms in an accident , officials said . After transplant surgery , this farmer has new arms . His condition "  is very good under the circumstances . " The operation was conducted at the university 's "  Klinikum rechts der Isar " last week , the clinic said in a statement Friday , following several years of preparatory work . The man 's condition "  is very good under the circumstances , " the statement said . "  Now it is a matter of avoiding future wound healing disorders , infections , strong side-effects caused by the drugs and in particular any rejective reaction . " A team of 40 people participated in the transplant surgery , conducted July 25 and 26 . The donor matched the host in sex , age , skin color , size and blood group , the statement said . The transplant subject had lost both his arms at the upper arm level six years ago , and two attempts with artificial limbs had been unsuccessful .	Technical University of Munich doctors transplant arms on 54-year-old farmer Farmer had lost both his arms in an accident six years ago 40 people conduct operation ; several years spent preparing for the surgery Donor matched the patient in sex , age , skin color , size and blood group
Lonely Planet  -- No , there 's no need to remortgage the house to visit Tahiti and French Polynesia . Despite a reputation for opulence and exclusivity , it 's perfectly possible to visit these dreamy islands on a limited budget -- if you make the right decisions . Affordable accommodation Glossy brochures focus on ultra-swish resorts , but French Polynesia actually has a pretty wide range of accommodation options . You can keep lodging costs down by staying in small guesthouses and pensions  homestays  that are sprinkled around the islands . They 're nothing glam or ostentatious , just modest operations that blend perfectly into the tropical surroundings . At the cheaper end of the scale  around US$ 80 a double  , they consist of simple , local-style bungalows with cold showers and thin walls . Upmarket versions  plan on US$ 100-120  have lots of amenities and are more comfortable . Lonely Planet : The world 's finest freebies These options are generally excellent value , and they offer good opportunities for cultural immersion ; they 're mostly family-run operations  which ensures your money goes straight into local pockets  and provide much more personal , idiosyncratic experiences than hotels -- the perfect island experience . Most pensions are in scenic locations , tucked away in greenery-cloaked hills or near the ocean . In the Tuamotu archipelago , they feature a fab lagoon frontage -- at US$ 90 a double , how does a bungalow facing the turquoise waters of the lagoon sound ? Good news , too , for those who want to spend their holiday under canvas : French Polynesia has a smattering of camping options . Do n't expect full-blown camp sites , though ; generally it 's a matter of guesthouses having areas where you can pitch your tent and have use of the facilities . The price ? Around US$ 15 per person . Choosing the best-value islands As much as Paris does n't represent France , Bora Bora , Tahiti and Moorea  the beloved islands of tour operators  , do n't sum up French Polynesia . There are about 30 islands  scattered in five archipelagoes  that have tourist facilities , which means that you 've got plenty of choice . Tip : skip the heavily-publicized islands , such as Bora Bora , which are very expensive , and consider lesser-known , off-the-radar islands , which offer greater value for money . A few suggestions : Maupiti  Bora Bora 's little sister  , Raiatea , Tahaa  in the Society islands  , Mataiva , Tikehau  in the Tuamotus  , Nuku Hiva , Ua Huka , Ua Pou  in the Marquesas  , Raivavae , and Rurutu  in the Australs  . Lonely Planet : How to plan the perfect destination wedding How to eat cheaply It 's possible to eat reasonably cheaply by patronizing snack stands and getting takeaway meals like sandwiches , salads , grilled fish and meat or fish burgers . Most pensions offer half board  bed , breakfast and one other meal  at around US$ 20 to US$ 30 per person  set menu  if you reserve in advance  usually the day before  . This is a fantastic way to meet locals and sample the local cuisine at economical prices . Self-catering can also save you a lot of money ; many pensions have well-equipped kitchens . Fresh fish , fruits and vegetables are easily found at roadside stalls found on most major islands . Budget-friendly ways to get around Air Tahiti , the domestic airline , has six island-hopping air passes offering inclusive fares to a number of islands . Thus , you 'll save about 30 % on regular flights . If you 're looking for adventure and have plenty of time on your hands , boat travel is even cheaper . Cargo vessels serve most islands on a regular basis , especially within the Society group and the Tuamotus . Hiring a car is expensive but it 's possible to get around by bike on many islands ; distances are rarely great , the traffic is rarely heavy and the roads are rarely hilly . Bikes can be rented for less than US$ 15 per day . Picking the right season It helps to travel off-season : prices are generally discounted and there 's more chance of being able to bargain . Flights are full to bursting in July and August and prices skyrocket accordingly . The Christmas to New Year period is also particularly busy . The best deals can be found during the shoulder seasons -- April to June and September to November . Lonely Planet : Maui for foodies © 2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	Tahiti and French Polynesia offer budget options -- if you know where to look Keep lodging costs down by choosing guesthouses or homestays on the islands There are 30 islands with tourist facilities to choose from
CNN  -- The Tennessee Supreme Court on Wednesday refused to modify or overturn a lower court 's ruling allowing Mary Winkler , convicted of killing her minister husband , visitation rights with the couple 's three daughters . Holding baby Brianna , Mary Winkler stands next to Matthew . In the foreground are Mary Alice and Patricia . Charles and Diane Winkler , parents of slain minister Matthew Winkler , had asked the court to intervene and either revoke Mary Winkler 's visitation rights or allow them to proceed only under supervision of a counselor . The children -- Patricia , Mary Alice and Brianna -- have been living with their grandparents since their mother was arrested last year . Winkler has not seen the children in 15 months , said Kay Farese Turner , her attorney . She said her client was "  absolutely elated about the news and believes this will be her best Christmas ever . " Turner said she believes the visit may come before Christmas . A jury convicted Winkler earlier this year of voluntary manslaughter in the shotgun death of Matthew Winkler -- not the first-degree murder conviction prosecutors had wanted . She said the slaying came after years of abuse , including physical violence and being forced to dress "  slutty " for undesirable sex acts . Winkler received a three-year sentence , but a judge required her to serve only 210 days , gave her credit for the five months she had already served and allowed her to serve the remaining 60 days in a mental health facility . She was released in August . At the time of their father 's death in March 2006 , Patricia was 8 , Mary Alice was 6 and Brianna was 1 . Charles and Diane Winkler have moved to terminate Mary Winkler 's rights and have filed a $ 2 million wrongful death suit against her for their son 's slaying . The termination issue has not been decided in court . Turner said the court may want to determine what , if any , bond Winkler has with her children before making a decision . Attempts by CNN to contact attorneys for the Winklers were not immediately successful Wednesday . In September , a lower court granted Winkler visitation with her daughters pending the outcome of the custody battle . The court specified the visits be supervised by a guardian ad litem appointed to represent the children 's interests and supervised by members of the couple Winkler is living with or by her sister . A subsequent appeal by the grandparents was denied , leading to their Supreme Court appeal . The Winklers said if their former daughter-in-law got visitation with the children at all , it should be under the supervision of a professional counselor . At a September hearing , according to court documents , they said the children "  exhibit fear and confusion " toward their mother "  and her role in their father 's death . " One expert , in testimony , quoted Patricia as saying her mother had killed her father and , "  I do n't know if she will kill me . I want to ask her if she would do that to me . It scares me , kind of ; if she did , well , I guess I would see my father . " The Winklers also said that after telephone calls with their mother , the children experienced "  urination accidents , sleeping problems , graphic nightmares and sleepwalking . " They said the lower court erred by failing to appoint the guardian ad litem until after the September hearing . Turner , however , said she believes terminating Winkler 's parental rights would not be in the children 's best interest . "  She has a faith rarely seen , and she loves those children , " Turner said . After Matthew Winkler 's death , Winkler fled with the girls to the Alabama coast , where she was arrested . She said during a September appearance on the "  Oprah Winfrey Show " that she never expected to get away with killing her husband , but that she fled to be with her daughters and "  have some good times . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Rusty Dornin contributed to this report .	Mary Winkler convicted earlier this year of shooting her husband to death Winkler served time and was released ; the couple had three children The children live with their grandparents , who oppose visitation Winkler has not seen her children in 15 months
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Wearing a floaty , flowery dress does n't convey the traditional image of power , yet when it 's designed by Diane von Furstenberg , somehow , inexplicably , it does . It 's not just about dresses . Diane von Furstenberg aims to empower women with confidence . The Belgian designer , now long-time New Yorker , was peddling her own brand of ` girl power ' long before Posh , Baby and Sporty , et . al. were spicing up anything . Diane Halfin was 22 when she arrived in the United States . It was 1969 . She was young , pregnant , devoid of any real design experience and yet to sell a single dress . On paper , it sounds like a hard-luck story . In reality , she was the beautiful daughter of wealthy parents , the product of boarding schools in Lausanne , Switzerland and Oxford , England , followed by a year studying Spanish at the University of Madrid . She was well-connected , hugely ambitious and soon to be married to a prince . Egon von Furstenberg was a Swiss-born aristocrat whose name opened doors . Their marriage lasted just three years . Watch Revealed : Diane von Furstenberg " "  Yes , of course the fact that I was a woman in my early 20s and that I looked cute and that I had a lot of drive and that on top of it all , I was a princess , all of that helped , " Diane von Furstenberg told CNN from her office in New York , her face repeated on authentic Andy Warhol prints behind her on the wall . "  But none of these ingredients alone would have been enough , " she continued . "  What really made me very successful is that I had created a product that women wanted , and that made sense , and that was in demand . " That product was the wrap dress , a simple stretch of jersey fabric that ties around the waist . Diane von Furstenberg sold her first dress during New York Fashion Week in 1970 . By 1975 , she was making 15,000 dresses a week and millions of dollars in sales . It was n't just the wrap dress Diane von Furstenberg was selling ; her image and lifestyle came as part of the package , first by accident , then by design . "  The first time I took a picture of myself for my first ad was because I had no money for hiring a model , " Von Furstenberg said . "  I sat on a white cube and a friend of mine took a picture , and then I looked at the picture and thought ` oh the cube is too white ' and I wrote on it ` Feel like a woman , wear a dress ' and that photograph stayed with me for decades . " Emboldened by her success in fashion , Diane von Furstenberg launched a perfume "  Tatiana , " and then a range of cosmetics . Her name and image became so synonymous with style and strong sales that she signed a number of licensing deals that saw the DVF brand stamped on everything from sheets and towels to curtains and rugs . Diane Von Furstenberg 's golden touch has n't always been foolproof . In 1978 she sold her entire inventory of wrap dresses after steep discounting at New York retailers prompted fashion bible "  Women 's Wear Daily " to declare that the trend for wrap dresses was over . Reluctantly , Von Furstenberg sold her remaining inventory to pay off her debts and focused on expanding her other ventures . By 1980 , DVF had seventeen licenses . "  Everything was a license , " Von Furstenberg told CNN . "  Different companies were handling things and the spirit of the brand disappeared . " "  I was very frustrated because I had originally created something wonderful that I was very proud of . -LSB- But -RSB- it had disappeared and I realized that a lot of my own identity had gone with it . So I became very insecure . And I do n't like feeling insecure , it 's not a fun thing . " For a woman who 's passionate about empowering women , an admission of insecurity from Diane von Furstenberg is surprising , and one guesses quite rare . She 's a strong woman , a fighter , who 's staged successive comebacks after knocks in her professional and personal life . Fourteen years ago , she was diagnosed with cancer . The source was traced back to tiny cancerous cells at the base of her tongue and soft palate . "  I was shocked , but I had to deal with it , " Von Furstenberg said . "  Parallel to the -LSB- radiation -RSB- treatment I did a lot of yoga . I was very lucky , I was extremely lucky because it went away . " "  I think that in life you just have to deal with what you have to deal with , and you take it straight on and you do what you have to do and you have no choice , " she added . A few years later , in 1997 , almost 20 years after she sold her first dress , Von Furstenberg noticed that the wrap dress was slowly reappearing . Like most out-of-favor fashion trends , the clothes were coming out of the closet and back onto the street . It was the green light for Diane von Furstenberg to resume production of the dress that catapulted her to worldwide fame in the 1970s . She 's resigned to the fact that she 'll always be regarded first and the foremost as the designer of the wrap dress , despite the varied nature of her collections . See video of the launch of DVF 's "  La Petite Valise " collection in Florence " "  I mean the wrap dress is a tiny part of what I do , but yet , it will always be part of what I do , " Von Furstenberg said . Along with her work as a fashion designer , Von Furstenberg is also President of the Council of Fashion Designers of America , a position she accepted in 2006 . She also campaigns for the empowerment of women through the non-governmental organization Vital Voices , and last month took her message to the Women 's Forum , a global meeting modeled on the annual World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland . "  If I have any mission in life as a designer , or even as a woman , or as a mother , as a friend , it is to empower women . To make women feel confident , so that they trust themselves , their judgment , their power , their capacity . " By the end of the year , there 'll be 29 Diane von Furstenberg boutiques in major city centers around the world , with the three newest set to open before the end of year . "  I 'm very happy with where the brand is now , " Von Furstenberg told CNN . "  There 's a spirit behind the brand and that is really something that I 'm so proud of and that I really want to capture . " "  So in a sense I have begun now , the new moment , the period of my life where I 'm really kind of preparing the legacy so that maybe the spirit of the brand and the brand will last after me . " Cue a cheer from the legions of DVF fans around the world . Are you one of them ? If so , we want to hear from you . Why did you buy your dress and what does it mean to you ? "  Sound off " below or Email us a picture or go to CNN 's facebook page -- facebook.com/cnnintl	Young and pregnant Belgian designer Diane Halfin moved to New York in 1969 She married Egon von Furstenberg and launched her famous wrap dress Millions were sold and soon the DVF brand appeared on perfume , home wares DVF says : "  If I have any mission in life ... it is to empower women "
CNN  -- Zahra Baker had been an international symbol of strength and hope : A freckle-faced girl who lost part of her left leg at age 5 and her hearing while being treated for cancer , she kept smiling and fighting through it all . Yet Zahra 's life ended violently in fall 2010 . That 's when her stepmother , Elisa Baker , told police in Hickory , North Carolina , that the girl , then 10 , was killed and dismembered , according to search warrants . The youngster 's body parts were then disposed of in various locations , the stepmother told police . While police found some of Zahra 's remains in the weeks after she was reported missing , some parts had n't been accounted for . But authorities took a major step forward on this count Thursday , with the confirmation that a skull found in April 2012 in Caldwell County , North Carolina , belonged to the girl . 2010 : North Carolina community remembers Zahra Baker "  The life and death of Zahra Baker profoundly impacted those who came to know this brave young lady through her tragic story , " said District Attorney James Gaither Jr. , whose district includes the section of central North Carolina where the crime occurred and whose office confirmed the finding about Zahra 's skull . "  Zahra and her life will be forever in our thoughts , and ` Team Zahra ' will forever be connected through her spirit . " Members of the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation , the North Carolina Medical Examiner 's Office and the Marshall University Forensic Science Center in Huntington , West Virginia , analyzed the skull and told Gaither 's office it belonged to Zahra . But the analysis did not establish the cause of the girl 's death . Police began looking for Zahra on October 9 , 2010 , after her stepmother reported her missing and authorities found a ransom note that was later determined to be fake . At the time , authorities said that no one other than a relative had seen the girl since September 25 . Elisa Baker was arrested the next day on several charges unrelated to Zahra 's disappearance , including writing worthless checks . 2011 : Stepmother charged with murder Meanwhile , the search for the young girl grabbed national and international headlines given her story , her age and the fact both of her biological parents are from Australia . A prosthetic leg thought to belong to the missing girl was found in a brushy area off a North Carolina road in late October 2010 . Some of her other remains were found November 11 of that year . Zahra 's stepmother eventually told police the girl had been killed two weeks before she was reported missing . In September 2011 , she pleaded guilty to second-degree murder with aggravating factors and was sentenced to 18 years in state prison , according to the district attorney 's office . According to an indictment , Elisa Baker "  desecrated the victim 's body to hinder detection , investigation and prosecution of the offense . " She is now in federal custody awaiting sentencing on drug conspiracy charges after pleading guilty in January 2012 to one count of conspiracy to sell drugs . 2011 : Search warrants provide grisly details in Zahra Baker 's death	Zahra Baker lost her left leg at age 5 and her hearing as she battled cancer She was 10 when she was reported missing in 2010 in North Carolina Some parts were found ; a prosecutor says tests show a skull found was Zahra 's In 2011 , her stepmother pleaded guilty to killing , dismembering Zahra
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The charge that Justin Bieber assaulted his limo driver in Toronto in December has been dropped . Prosecutors decided there was "  no reasonable prospect " of convicting Bieber of striking his limo driver on the back of his head , said Brendan Crawley , a spokesman for the Ontario attorney general 's office . The dismissal comes just days after Bieber , 20 , was arrested on a new assault charge in an alleged fight with a minivan driver in Canada . Bieber 's attorneys have been busy this year following three arrests in January , but all of those cases have been resolved now . Trouble seems to pursue the high-profile singer . He 's been accused of trying to take cell phones from people photographing him in public spots , but no charges have resulted after police investigations . His bodyguards have also faced charges and lawsuits after clashes with people following Bieber . Justin Bieber : ` Do n't believe rumors ' The singer settled a drunken driving charge in Miami last month by making a $ 50,000 donation to a youth charity . The plea deal , which reduced the charge to careless driving , requires Bieber to get 12 hours of anger management counseling and attend a program that teaches about the impact of drunken driving on victims . In July , the pop star accepted another plea deal in a Los Angeles vandalism charge connected with the January egging of his neighbor 's house , receiving two years ' probation . He must also complete 12 weekly anger management sessions , work five days of community labor and pay $ 80,900 in restitution to his former neighbor . The Toronto arrest came in late January over an alleged incident a month earlier as Bieber rode in a limousine to a nightclub after attending a hockey game . Bieber was charged with assault and accused of striking his limousine driver on the back of the head several times on the way to the club . The case slowly made its way through Toronto 's criminal court system , ending with Monday 's decision . "  After completing a thorough review and , in consultation with the police , the Crown determined that there was no reasonable prospect of conviction , " Crawley said . "  Accordingly , the charge against Mr. Bieber was withdrawn . " Lawyer : Bieber 's ` peaceful retreat ' interrupted Bieber 's most recent brush with the law came August 29 in Perth County , Ontario , where his father lives . The singer and girlfriend Selena Gomez were riding in an ATV when paparazzi interrupted their "  peaceful retreat , " according to his attorney Brian Greenspan . "  Investigation revealed that after colliding , the driver of the ATV and an occupant of the minivan engaged in a physical altercation , " Ontario provincial police spokesman Kees Wijnands said . Bieber 's attorney said people with cameras were chasing the singer when the incident happened . Bieber was released on "  a promise to appear " and ordered to answer the charges at a September 29 hearing , Wijnands said . The alleged victims hired Los Angeles lawyer Gloria Allred , who also represents a woman who accused Bieber of assaulting her at a Hollywood tourist spot when she tried to take a photo of him with her cell phone . "  This is a serious matter that could have an impact on Mr. Bieber 's probation status in California , " Allred said in a statement last week to CNN.Â "  I have also made contact on my clients ' behalf with the Hollywood branch of the Los Angeles Police DepartmentÂ to make them aware of these new charges . " It would be up to a California judge to decide if the Canadian arrest warrants a probation revocation hearing , according to the spokeswoman for the Los Angeles prosecutor . Is Justin Bieber getting special treatment ? CNN 's Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	Prosecutors found "  no reasonable prospect " of convicting Bieber , official says Singer was accused of hitting limo driver in the head in Toronto All of his January arrests have now been resolved Bieber faces a new assault charge recently in another Ontario case
New York  CNN  -- Kim Jong Il was the enigmatic leader of the most enigmatic country on earth . Much about Kim 's life was , and is , shrouded in mystery . Even the year of his birth -- 1942 -- has been contested by knowledgeable sources in South Korea and Russia , who claim Kim was born a few years earlier but that his official birth date was pushed back to make him exactly 30 years younger than his father , North Korea 's founding leader , Kim Il Sung . North Koreans claim Kim Jong Il was born on Mount Paektu , along the North Korean border with China , at a "  secret base camp " where his father was leading a guerrilla war against Korea 's Japanese overlords . Almost everyone else believes Kim was born in Russia , at a Soviet military camp near Khabarovsk where his father had gone into retreat with other Korean and Chinese communist guerillas . But the myth of Kim 's guerilla-base birth became full-blown propaganda when he was anointed heir apparent in the early 1980s . After seeing instability and communist backsliding in Russia and China following the deaths of Stalin and Mao respectively , Kim Il Sung chose his son as successor to ensure continuity for North Korea 's political system . In some ways , the elder Kim was all too successful . Kim Jong Il led North Korea not to reform and opening , like his Chinese contemporaries , but through economic catastrophe , famine and repeated nuclear confrontations with the United States . Through all of this , the rule of the Korean Workers ' Party , the Korean People 's Army and the Kim family has been absolute and ubiquitous . When Kim Jong Il took over the reigns of power following his father 's death in 1994 , he had been preparing for succession for more than two decades . After graduating from Kim Il Sung University in 1964 , Kim rose through the ranks of the Korean Workers ' Party , focusing on culture and propaganda . As he candidly admitted to a conference of party workers in 1996 , economics was never his strong suit . He enjoyed film and the arts , fine food and drink , and kept late hours , but he was not the unstable and intellectually vacuous playboy of South Korean propaganda . He certainly lacked the charisma and outgoing personality of his father , but foreign officials who met him -- including South Korean President Kim Dae-jung , Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright -- described him as intelligent , well-informed , even charming . On the other hand , his country 's reputation for unpredictability and provocation was often well-deserved , as North Korea went through a series of confrontations with the United States and the international community over nuclear development , and the economic situation lurched from crisis to crisis . North Korea held two nuclear tests , in 2006 and 2009 , in defiance of international condemnation and U.N. sanctions . A year ago North Korean artillery shelled a South Korean island in a confrontation over South Korean military exercises , bringing the two sides to the brink of open warfare . At the same time , the economic situation -- though much improved since the famine years of the late 1990s -- remains highly precarious . If the outside world saw Kim as an enigma and a rogue , his reputation within North Korea is more difficult to assess . Of course , internal North Korean propaganda built up Kim as a hero of near-superhuman abilities , venerated by all his countrymen . But defectors ' reports suggest the view of Kim within his own country is more mixed , and while his father is still widely revered , Kim Jong Il is associated with the trauma of famine and crisis in the late 1990s . Kim oversaw limited steps toward economic reform in the early 2000s , but these have since been scaled back . The composition and direction of the post-Kim Jong Il leadership is murky . Kim Jong Il 's son and heir apparent , Kim Jong Un , is even more a mystery than his father was when he came to power . It seems likely that in the immediate aftermath of Kim 's death , North Korea will be run by a collective leadership , perhaps headed by Kim 's brother-in-law Jang Song-taek , as Kim Jong Un is prepared to assume official power . No one outside Pyongyang 's inner circle knows what kind of leader Kim Jong Un will be and where he will take the country . If North Korea survives the post-Kim Jong Il transition and its circumstances improve , Kim Jong Il may be remembered as a leader who guided North Korea through a disastrous period and prepared the way for reform . If things go badly , Kim will be seen as the man who oversaw the unraveling of the system his father built and as the face of a failed dynastic communism . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Armstrong .	Charles Armstrong : Kim Jong Il 's life was so mysterious there was even doubt about birth year Father made Kim successor to forestall change that followed deaths of Mao , Stalin Armstrong : Economics was one of Kim 's weaknesses , and North Korea suffered greatly Performance of Kim 's son could decide the fate of North Korea 's dynasty
CNN  -- Taliban militants , who implemented Islamic law in Pakistan 's violence-plagued Swat Valley last week , have now taken control of a neighboring district . Protests in Karachi against the creation of sharia courts in Swat Valley . Here are some answers about the Swat Valley , its history and what 's taking place there . What is Swat Valley ? Swat Valley is located in Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province , near the border with Afghanistan and about 185 miles  300 kilometers  from the Pakistani capital of Islamabad . The alpine region once was one of Pakistan 's premier tourist destinations , boasting the nation 's only ski resort until it was shut down after Taliban militants overran the area . It also was a draw for trout-fishing enthusiasts and those wishing to visit the ancient Buddhist ruins in the area . What 's happening in Swat Valley ? In recent years Taliban militants unleashed a wave of violence that claimed hundreds of lives in the province . The militants wanted sharia law -- or Islamic law -- imposed in the region . They took over the valley in 2008 . The central government of Pakistan , which long exerted little control in the area , launched an intense military offensive in late July to flush out the militants . In retaliation , the Taliban carried out a series of deadly attacks and began gaining ground , setting up checkpoints in the area . Has the government intervened ? The militants and the Pakistani government reached a peace deal earlier this year , which was recently signed into law by Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari . Under the deal , sharia law was imposed in the region . While the peace deal drew criticism for the Pakistani government , some analysts and political observers say the government had little choice but to capitulate , as militants have terrorized the region with beheadings , kidnappings and the destruction of schools . What 's happening now ? This week , the Taliban moved to seize control of the neighboring Buner district , bringing it closer to Islamabad than it has been since Taliban insurgency began . What is sharia law ? Sharia law is Islamic law . While there are different interpretations of it , the Taliban 's strict interpretation forbids women from being seen in public without their husbands and fathers , requires veils for women and beards for men , and bans music and television . Consequences are severe ; during the Taliban struggle to impose sharia law , anyone found disobeying was pinned to the ground and lashed . Others were beheaded and hung from poles , with notices attached to their bodies that anyone daring to remove the corpse before 48 hours had passed would also be beheaded and hanged .	Taliban militants in Pakistan 's Swat Valley take control of neighboring Buner district Swat Valley was once one of Pakistan 's top tourist attractions Militants are now closer to Islamabad than any point since start of insurgency
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Los Angeles fire officials say they 're worried that nighttime winds could push two major wildfires , which already are blamed in two deaths , closer to pricey neighborhoods on the Pacific coast . Fire draws near homes in the Los Angeles-area community of Porter Ranch , California , on Monday . "  We are concerned about what will happen tonight when the winds pick up , " Los Angeles Fire Chief Douglas Barry said Monday . California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger Monday declared a state of emergency Monday in Los Angeles and Ventura counties because of the fires . Democratic Rep. Brad Sherman , whose district covers the area where the fire is burning , called on President Bush to issue a federal disaster declaration for the area . At least two people have died because of the blazes , which have burned 8,000 acres in the hills and mountains of Los Angeles and Ventura counties , fire and police officials said . One was identified as a man who died in a makeshift wood-and-cardboard shelter and appeared to be homeless . A dog 's body also was found . The other victim was killed in a collision of motorists who were trying to exit a freeway that was closed because of one of the wildfires , a fire official said . No identity or age was available for either victim . "  Winds are causing fire conditions to change by the hour , " Schwarzenegger said in a statement released Monday . "  Several thousand acres have already burned with minimal containment and more acres are threatened . " iReport.com : Are wildfires affecting you ? Residents downwind were warned to remain alert into the night . "  It can go from here to the ocean in a matter of two to three hours , " said Los Angeles County Supervisor Zev Yaroslavsky , The Associated Press reported . Barry said investigators have not determined a cause for either blaze . Fire officials warned that strong winds , predicted to reach more than 60 mph after 11 p.m. , could send fire roaring south down the Pacific coast near Highway 101 . Officials have shut two freeways north of Los Angeles and authorities dispatched water-dropping helicopters and more than 200 fire engines as the blaze "  started to push toward the city , " said John Tripp of the Los Angeles County Fire Department . About 350 police officers are on the scene , patrolling evacuated neighborhoods and warning residents ahead of the flames . Officials shut down part of Interstate 210 , also known as the Foothill Freeway , and any residents north of the freeway were under a mandatory evacuation order . The fire jumped the interstate in one spot and headed toward the Lake View Terrace area . A portion of State Route 118 , known as the Ronald Reagan Freeway , also was closed . The larger of the two fires has charred more than 3,500 acres in the Angeles National Forest , officials said . See video of the Angeles National Forest fire " That fire destroyed several structures , including about 30 mobile homes in the Lopez Canyon area , said Los Angeles County fire inspector Sam Padilla . The mobile homes had been evacuated Sunday . The other fire , burning nearby , is expected to expand as the winds push the flames away from the center . In San Diego County , a wildfire that began on an explosives training range at Camp Pendleton had grown to more than 1,500 acres by nightfall and forced the evacuation of 1,400 homes , The AP reported . In northern California , a wildfire that started Sunday on Angel Island in San Francisco Bay had spread across 250 acres as of Monday morning but had n't damaged any buildings in the historic state park , a Marin County fire official said . See video of the Angel Island fire "	NEW : California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger Monday declares a state of emergency NEW : Officials warn fire could possibly reach ocean in matter of hours Winds could push fires to pricey neighborhoods near coast , officials say Two deaths are connected to fires in Los Angeles , Ventura counties , officials say
CNN  -- MOVIES Favorite movie • Despicable Me 2 • Fast & Furious 6 • Iron Man 3 -- WINNER • Monsters University • Star Trek Into Darkness Favorite movie actor • Channing Tatum • Hugh Jackman • Johnny Depp -- WINNER • Leonardo DiCaprio • Robert Downey Jr. . Favorite movie actress • Gwyneth Paltrow • Jennifer Aniston • Melissa McCarthy • Sandra Bullock -- WINNER • Scarlett Johansson Favorite action movie • Fast & Furious 6 • Iron Man 3 -- WINNER • Star Trek Into Darkness • The Wolverine • World War Z Favorite horror movie • Carrie -- WINNER • The Conjuring • Hansel & Gretel : Witch Hunters • Insidious : Chapter 2 • Mama Favorite thriller movie • A Good Day to Die Hard • The Call • Now You See Me -- WINNER • Red 2 • White House Down • Favorite dramatic movie • Captain Phillips • Gravity -- WINNER • The Great Gatsby • Lee Daniels ' The Butler • Prisoners Favorite dramatic movie actor • Channing Tatum • Chris Hemsworth • Hugh Jackman • Leonardo DiCaprio -- WINNER • Ryan Gosling Favorite comedic movie • Grown Ups 2 • The Hangover Part III • The Heat -- WINNER • Instructions Not Included • We 're the Millers Favorite family movie • Despicable Me 2 -- WINNER • Monsters University • Oz the Great and Powerful • Percy Jackson : Sea of Monsters • The Smurfs 2 Favorite movie duo • Chris Pine & Zachary Quinto , Star Trek Into Darkness • Jennifer Aniston & Jason Sudeikis , We 're the Millers • Robert Downey Jr. & Gwyneth Paltrow , Iron Man 3 • Sandra Bullock & George Clooney , Gravity -- WINNER • Sandra Bullock & Melissa McCarthy , The Heat Favorite action movie star • Brad Pitt • Channing Tatum • Hugh Jackman • Robert Downey Jr. -- WINNER • Vin Diesel Favorite comedic movie actor • Adam Sandler -- WINNER • Bradley Cooper • Chris Rock • James Franco • Zach Galifianakis Favorite comedic movie actress • Emma Watson • Jennifer Aniston • Melissa McCarthy • Sandra Bullock -- WINNER • Scarlett Johansson Favorite dramatic movie actress • Amy Adams • Emma Stone • Halle Berry • Oprah Winfrey • Sandra Bullock -- WINNER See full coverage of the 2014 Awards Season TELEVISION Favorite network TV comedy • 2 Broke Girls -- WINNER • The Big Bang Theory • Glee • How I Met Your Mother • Modern Family Favorite comedic TV actor • Chris Colfer -- WINNER • Darren Criss • Jesse Tyler Ferguson • Jim Parsons • Neil Patrick Harris Favorite comedic TV actress • Jane Lynch • Kaley Cuoco -- WINNER • Lea Michele • Melissa McCarthy • Zooey Deschanel Favorite network TV drama • Chicago Fire • The Good Wife -- WINNER • Grey 's Anatomy • Nashville • Parenthood Favorite dramatic TV actor • Jim Caviezel • Josh Charles -- WINNER • Kevin Bacon • Mark Harmon • Patrick Dempsey Favorite dramatic TV actress • Julianna Margulies • Mariska Hargitay • Pauley Perrette • Sandra Oh • Stana Katic -- WINNER Favorite actress in a new TV series • Allison Janney • Anna Faris • Ming-Na Wen • Rebel Wilson • Sarah Michelle Gellar -- WINNER Favorite competition TV show • America 's Got Talent • Dancing with the Stars • MasterChef • The Voice -- WINNER • The X Factor Favorite cable TV drama • Downton Abbey • Pretty Little Liars • Sons of Anarchy • The Walking Dead -- WINNER • White Collar Favorite cable TV actress • Angie Harmon • Claire Danes • Courteney Cox • Lucy Hale -- WINNER • Maggie Smith Favorite series we miss most • 30 Rock • Breaking Bad -- WINNER • Dexter • Fringe • The Office Favorite new TV comedy • The Crazy Ones • The Michael J. Fox Show • The Millers • Mom • Super Fun Night -- WINNER Favorite new TV drama • Dracula • Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. • The Originals • Reign -- WINNER • Sleepy Hollow Favorite sci-fi/fantasy TV actress • Emilia Clarke • Ginnifer Goodwin • Kristin Kreuk -- WINNER • Nina Dobrev • Tatiana Maslany Favorite TV movie/miniseries • American Horror Story -- WINNER • Behind the Candelabra • The Bible • Sharknado • The White Queen Favorite sci-fi/fantasy TV show • Beauty and the Beast -- WINNER • Once Upon A Time • Supernatural • The Vampire Diaries • The Walking Dead Favorite TV anti-hero • Dexter Morgan , Dexter • Jaime Lannister , Game of Thrones • Norman Bates , Bates Motel • Rick Grimes , The Walking Dead -- WINNER • Walter White , Breaking Bad Favorite TV bromance • Blaine & Sam , Glee • Ryan & Esposito , Castle • Sam , Dean & Castiel , Supernatural -- WINNER • Sheldon , Leonard , Howard & Raj , The Big Bang Theory • Ted , Marshall & Barney , How I Met Your Mother Favorite premium cable TV show • Californication • Game of Thrones • Girls • Homeland -- WINNER • True Blood Favorite cable TV comedy • Awkward • Cougar Town • Hot in Cleveland • Melissa & Joey • Psych -- WINNER Favorite TV crime drama • Bones • Castle -- WINNER • Criminal Minds • The Mentalist • NCIS Favorite actor in a new TV series • Andy Samberg • Jonathan Rhys Meyers • Joseph Morgan -- WINNER • Michael J. Fox • Robin Williams Favorite TV gal pals • Caroline & Max , 2 Broke Girls • Lily & Robin , How I Met Your Mother • Meredith & Cristina , Grey 's Anatomy • Penny , Bernadette & Amy , The Big Bang Theory • Rachel & Santana , Glee -- WINNER Favorite on-screen chemistry • Castle & Beckett , Castle • Damon & Elena , The Vampire Diaries -- WINNER • Derek & Meredith , Grey 's Anatomy • Emma & Hook , Once Upon a Time • Kurt & Blaine , Glee Favorite sci-fi/fantasy TV actor • Andrew Lincoln • Ian Somerhalder -- WINNER • Jared Padalecki • Jensen Ackles • Stephen Amell Favorite daytime TV host  s • Ellen DeGeneres -- WINNER • Kelly Ripa & Michael Strahan • Dr. Phil McGraw • Rachael Ray • Steve Harvey Favorite new talk show host • Arsenio Hall • Bethenny Frankel • Jenny McCarthy • Queen Latifah -- WINNER • Ross Mathews Favorite late night talk show host • Conan O'Brien • David Letterman • Jimmy Fallon • Jimmy Kimmel • Stephen Colbert -- WINNER Favorite streaming series • Arrested Development • Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis • House of Cards • Losing It with John Stamos • Orange Is the New Black -- WINNER MUSIC Favorite male artist • Avicii • Blake Shelton • Bruno Mars • Justin Timberlake -- WINNER • Michael Bublé Favorite pop artist • Britney Spears -- WINNER • Bruno Mars • Demi Lovato • Justin Timberlake • Katy Perry Favorite band • Imagine Dragons • Maroon 5 • One Direction -- WINNER • OneRepublic • Paramore Favorite alternative band • Fall Out Boy -- WINNER • Imagine Dragons • Mumford & Sons • Muse • Paramore Favorite song • "  Just Give Me A Reason , " P!nk feat . Nate Ruess • "  Mirrors , " Justin Timberlake • "  Radioactive , " Imagine Dragons • "  Roar , " Katy Perry -- WINNER • "  When I Was Your Man , " Bruno Mars Favorite country artist • The Band Perry • Blake Shelton • Carrie Underwood • Lady Antebellum • Taylor Swift -- WINNER Favorite country music icon • Alan Jackson • George Strait • Tim McGraw -- WINNER • Toby Keith • Willie Nelson Favorite hip-hop artist • Drake • Jay Z • Kanye West • Lil Wayne • Macklemore & Ryan Lewis -- WINNER Favorite female artist • Britney Spears • Demi Lovato -- WINNER • Katy Perry • P!nk • Selena Gomez Favorite breakout artist • Ariana Grande -- WINNER • Austin Mahone • Icona Pop • Imagine Dragons • Lorde Favorite R&B artist • Alicia Keys • Ciara • Justin Timberlake -- WINNER • Rihanna • Robin Thicke Favorite album • "  The 20/20 Experience , " Justin Timberlake -- WINNER • "  Bangerz , " Miley Cyrus • "  Based on a True Story ... , " Blake Shelton • "  Blurred Lines , " Robin Thicke • "  To Be Loved , " Michael Bublé Favorite music video • "  Best Song Ever , " One Direction • "  Heart Attack , " Demi Lovato • "  Just Give Me A Reason , " P!nk feat . Nate Ruess • "  Roar , " Katy Perry -- WINNER • "  Wrecking Ball , " Miley Cyrus Favorite music fan following • Britney Army , Britney Spears • Directioners , One Direction • KatyCats , Katy Perry • Little Monsters , Lady Gaga • Lovatics , Demi Lovato -- WINNER	The 40th People 's Choice Awards were held on January 8 Britney Spears won her first People 's Choice Awards Sandra Bullock picked up a number of prizes
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Shoes tell a lot about a person . If you stumbled into my closet , you would probably think I was a security guard , a construction worker or a Nurse Ratched wannabe . My taste in shoes tends to be boxy , low-heeled and sturdy . If the equipment is n't cleaned properly , you could be at risk for infection when you get a pedicure . So it probably does n't surprise you to learn that when it comes to pedicures , I am hardly a nail salon enabler . Unfortunately , in some sort of twisted cosmic comedy , both my teen and my tween daughters are pedicure addicts . To pedicure addicts , there is nothing better than being seated in those massive padded massage chairs , chin deep in fashion magazines , while some woman bathes , chisels , files and paints their toes . And up until now , the only thing I worried about was how much the extra flower motif on her big toe was going to cost me . Now , I have plenty of other stuff to worry about . Dr. Dina Tsentserensky , a podiatrist in New York , made it clear . "  I definitely see patients that have had problems as a result of getting a pedicure , " she said . "  I guess the most common is fungal nails . " Fungal nails !!! I really do n't want to pay for that . The National Institutes of Health , unfortunately , describes fungal nail in less-than-clear terms : Fungal nail infection is an infection of the nails by a fungus . Prescription treatments are only about 50 percent effective , and most of these infections usually require the loss of the infected nail itself , the NIH Web site says . Cuts , scrapes and some other infections are also common results of seemingly soothing foot romps . Tsentserensky thinks it 's nothing new . "  I think it 's a chronic problem that has been going on for a while , " she said . "  People just maybe chose to ignore it or do n't pay attention as much as they should . " Health for Her : Watch more on pedicure safety " Anyone who did pay attention could have known about some of those risks eight years ago . That 's when the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported finding a nasty infection that hit more than 100 pedicure patients . The culprit : a less-than-sterile footbath screen . The result : an infection called mycobacterium fortuitum . That mouthful of a malady left these customers , most of them women , with prolonged boils on their lower legs and some long-term scars . Although that report prompted nail salons to clean the screens on those foot baths more often , it does n't mean that in the land of pedicure pampering , you can just relax and enjoy the polishing . Tsentserensky 's chief advice is to be on high cleanliness alert . "  I tell patients to make sure that the bathtubs are being cleaned properly , that they are using enough time in between so the disinfectant has time to work , " she said . And the magic timeframe , according to the Environmental Protection Agency , is about 10 minutes between clients . The EPA also stresses that to ensure the safest conditions , the tubs need to be cleaned with an EPA-registered hospital disinfectant , which means the bottle itself will have a EPA registration number listed somewhere on the label . But it 's not just the tubs that need to be clean . So do those instruments . "  Make sure that instruments are getting sterilized properly , " Tsentserensky cautions , "  that they are using a sterilizer or an autoclave to properly sanitize the instruments or using the liquids for the proper periods of time . " Timing is also important , but that 's a condition that 's on your side . Do n't get a pedicure right after you 've shaved your legs , had laser hair removal or have any cuts or bites on your legs . Any opening in the skin is an invitation that you might not want to be extending . And finally , make sure you can communicate with your nail technician to ensure he or she is taking the proper precautions to make your pedicure a stress-free experience and , more important , to ensure that the only thing you 're taking with you when you leave that salon is the pretty polish .	Some people get fungal nails or infections from pedicures Make sure that instruments are getting sterilized properly Tubs need to be cleaned with an EPA-registered hospital disinfectant
Washington  CNN  -- In a series of floor speeches Thursday , a group of mostly Democratic women senators made a high-profile and at times emotional appeal to Republicans to support an expanded Violence Against Women Act  VAWA  . In doing so , they suggested Republicans were blocking the bill because it would extend its protections to illegal immigrants as well as gays and lesbians . Many Republicans were furious at that suggestion and accused Democrats of election-year politics by trying to paint Republicans as anti-women . "  Let me put this on the table , " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California . "  This bill includes lesbians and gay men . The bill includes undocumented immigrants who are victims of domestic abuse . The bill gives Native American tribes authority to prosecute crimes . In my view these are improvements . Domestic violence is domestic violence . " Sen. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska , the lone Republican to join in the floor speeches , said domestic violence victims in her state are often isolated in rural communities "  where there is no law enforcement and there is no shelter and there is nowhere to go , " she said . "  The Violence Against Women Act is , I think , a ray of hope for those who service victims of domestic violence and sexual assault within our villages . " "  Nobody opposes the reauthorization of this legislation , " Jon Kyl of Arizona , the second-ranking Senate Republican , told CNN . "  If you follow the Judiciary Committee work on it , the questions had to do with the additions that have been made to this bill related to illegal immigrant visas , related to the additional sums of money and grants that would be available and the like . "  So what Republicans are focusing on is how to make a bill that should be reauthorized functional in this day and age of significant budget constraints so we can still accomplish the goals of the legislation , " Kyl continued . "  I really resent the implication by some of my Democratic friends that if you 're trying to improve the bill that somehow you are for violence against women . That 's reprehensible . " Asked whether the provisions about undocumented immigrants and gays and lesbians needed to be pulled from the bill , Kyl said : "  I do n't know . Reasonable people ought to be able to sit down and work these things out . " Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Alabama , accused reporters of "  carrying Schumer 's water , " when they asked him whether he opposed the bill because it would include illegal immigrants and gays and lesbians . Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York is the Democrats ' top message strategist in the Senate . Republicans think it was his idea to suddenly put VAWA on the floor , just after high-profile battles over other women 's issues -- like abortion and contraception -- were in the news . "  I 'm always for the Violence Against Women bill , " said Sessions who voted for a GOP alternative bill that was defeated in the Democratic-majority Judiciary Committee . But he said every time VAWA is up for reauthorization , "  if you do n't agree with everything that 's in it , they just attack you as being anti-women . " Sessions added that he was not aware until Thursday the Democrats bill extended to lesbian , gays and illegal immigrants but he acknowledged voters could misread Republicans ' views on the bill . "  I think we should be sensitive to the impressions we cast by our votes and so forth but fundamentally you ca n't vote a piece of legislation you do n't think is sound , " Sessions said . One bit of evidence that Democrats were , in fact , trying to use the issue for their political advantage was a fundraising appeal e-mailed to supporters by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee . "  Today we 're seeing another stunning GOP attack on women 's rights , " exclaimed the appeal which asked for donations of $ 5 or more for the committee 's "  Protect our Women 's Rights Fund . " In an interview with CNN 's Dana Bash Wednesday about the recent fight over contraceptives , Murkowski warned her party is in danger of angering women voters . "  I think my party is in an unfortunate place right now , as viewed by many , many women in this country who are feeling anxious about what they believe to be attacks on women 's health , " she said .	Several Republicans accused Democrats of election-year politics Sen. Jon Kyl : Republicans do n't oppose reauthorizing the Violence Against Women Act He cites "  significant budget restraints " vs. the effort to expand the legislation Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Alabama , accused reporters of "  carrying  Chuck  Schumer 's water "
CNN  -- Scary thought -- with more than 98 million single people in the United States alone , you 're simply one of many fish in the sea . Even scarier -- after years of searching for that special someone , "  The One " might reject YOU because you 're not "  The One " for them . British relationship expert Roy Sheppard has a new book , "  How to Be The One , " explaining how to strengthen your emotional core through four pillars -- self esteem , attitude , happiness and kindness/compassion -- in order to make sure you 're ready for that moment . "  Thanks to the internet , there 's now a new addiction ... dating , " he said . "  It 's never been so easy to get a date . But with so many people to choose from , there 's always the possibility that there 's someone out there who 's ` better . ' " Sheppard says that if you focus on improving each pillar , you 'll have a better chance of catching "  The One 's " attention when they meet you . Before you become , as he writes , the ex in "  next . " The following is an edited interview with the author : CNN : Why is it important to focus on being "  The One " instead of finding "  The One " ? Sheppard : There are LOADS of books around that teach you how to get a date or find "  The One . " Yet men and women are still searching . Being "  The One " does n't ever involve being manipulative or deceitful to trap your target into a relationship . It 's about being a decent human being and a trustworthy , committed best friend . You ca n't fake that . The book focuses on helping men and women recognize how to be a genuinely appealing person for a long-term , happy relationship with someone else . CNN : Sum up the book for us in a sentence -- how does someone become "  The One " ? Sheppard : By choosing to be a more appealing person on the inside , learning the skills to acquire a healthy self-esteem , a great can-do , supportive attitude , an inner happiness that 's not dependent on anyone else "  completing you . " CNN : Not to stereotype , but I rarely hear guys say "  The One " in a serious context . Do you think many men will read the book ? Sheppard : Most relationship books are written by women for women . In many cases they complain that men do n't "  get it " about relationships . The only problem is they do n't invite men to be a part of the conversation . If you 're a woman , why not mention this topic to guys . Ask them "  What would YOU do to be ` The One ' for someone else ? " If their eyes glaze over and they 're not at all interested in even talking about it , it could be an early indication that a long-term relationship is n't part of their agenda . CNN : Of the four emotional core pillars , which is most important and why ? Sheppard : That 's a bit like asking "  Which muscle in your leg is the most important ? They are all important -- especially when they work together . Improved self-esteem leads to a more appealing attitude , which helps us all become happier people . It 's only when you 're happy can you be a kind person . As I write in the book , it is impossible to be unhappy and loving at the same time . CNN : You say in the book that dates are auditions for intimacy . What does that mean ? Sheppard : I 've defined dates as "  auditions for intimacy " because if you think about it , that 's precisely what dates are . When people date they assess whether they might want to be intimate with that person -- this week , month , year or for decades . Invest time developing your emotional core . You 'll pass more "  auditions , " which will open up far more options to you . You 'll be able to share the limelight with an A-list partner in a blockbuster relationship , rather than a low-budget soap opera . CNN : You speak a lot about honesty , playing games and faking it . What 's the bottom line there ? Sheppard : Manipulation or game-playing is for desperately deceitful people who have convinced themselves that there 's a shortcut to a long relationship . Long-lasting , happy and intimate relationships are always based on mutual honesty , respect , trust and commitment . CNN : What are the biggest complaints you hear from men about women and from women about men ? Sheppard : Some men and women spend their entire lives insisting that they "  see the manager . " It 's their default setting . Nothing is EVER right for them . They have a problem because invariably they have created what they think the scenario should be in their heads , then when reality fails to conform to that , they kick up a fuss about it ! As far as specifics go , it 's usually a variation on "  He/she wo n't do what I want . " This is what I describe in the book as "  first position " thinking . Successful relationships are based on "  second position " thinking and behavior . Second position is having the capacity to experience what it would be like being that other person . CNN : Throughout the book you talk about how no one else is responsible for how you 're feeling , your attitude or your love . Why is that ? Sheppard : So many people allow their downbeat emotions to dominate their lives . Human beings are much bigger than that . We can consciously decide how happy we are going to be . It 's a decision -- give it a go . Someone who learns to think like that becomes more appealing to others ... and themselves . CNN : Once you 've found "  The One , " how do you keep them ? Sheppard : A flippant answer would be -- you do n't . THEY decide to keep you . In order to be someone a partner would choose to keep , you need to build up , over a long period of time , proof that you are dependable , considerate , reliable , supportive , kind and loving . This happens as a direct result of developing your emotional core . It 's just like a career . Some people take their careers seriously , others do n't . Those who want a successful career work towards acquiring the necessary skills to be the best they can be . They prepare for their interviews  or auditions !  and work hard . Those who ca n't be bothered do n't get the best jobs , are forced to accept poor pay , and if over time they shirk their responsibilities , they usually get fired . A successful , long-term relationship requires effort from both parties . Every day . CNN : Why is there a goldfish on the cover of your book ? Sheppard : Whenever you break up with someone , invariably a well-meaning friend will say "  Cheer up , there are plenty more fish in the sea . " That may be the case , but you want to be the only ONE fish ! So many female friends tried insisting that the cover had an image of a swan or a pair of love birds because they all mate for life . But no guy is ever going to read a book on the subway with love birds on the cover ! It therefore had to be something that was gender neutral .	British relationship author writes about how to be "  The One " for someone Do n't ask , "  How can I find that special someone ? " but "  How can I be that special someone ? " Author suggests improving your emotional core : self-esteem , happiness , attitude and kindness
Vicenza , Italy  CNN  -- He 's only 25 now , an Army paratrooper stationed at the headquarters of the 173rd Airborne at a sprawling base near Vicenza in northern Italy . As the first living recipient of the Medal of Honor since the Vietnam War , Sal Giunta has had plenty of media attention heaped on him . But this staff sergeant is determined to make the medal , at least symbolically , belong to others . "  When I first heard that they were putting me in for the Medal of Honor , I felt lost , I felt kind of angry , I felt , I think , angry , " he said in an exclusive interview . "  Just because , you know , this is so big . This is , it came at such a price . It came at the price of a good buddy of mine , not just Brennan . But Mendoza . Mendoza died that night as well . And people want to put a medal around my neck . " Giunta is talking about one of his best Army friends , Sgt. Josh Brennan , whose life he tried to save during a vicious firefight in eastern Afghanistan 's Korengal Valley in the fall of 2007 . Giunta 's squadron , with Brennan walking as "  point " -- or first man in the front -- was trapped in a deadly ambush by Taliban fighters during a nighttime operation . The squadron 's medic , Hugo Mendoza of El Paso , Texas , was caught with the rest of the group . Share your tributes to Sgt. Brennan and Spc. Mendoza "  People congratulate me on a good job when there 's two people that have basically given their entire lives for this mission , for the Army , for the people of the United States of America , " Giunta said . "  And now , I 'm gon na be the one they are gon na shake hands with and congratulate ? It did n't seem real and at the same time , what did seem real was that this should n't happen . " Giunta , whose armor-plated vest took a bullet during the ambush , saw Taliban fighters dragging away Brennan . Army documents say he immediately began to fire at the two men dragging his buddy away , killing one and driving off the other . Giunta pulled the badly-wounded Brennan to protective cover and stood by him until medical help arrived . Brennan , whose father is a policeman in Madison , Wisconsin , died from his wounds the next day . "  It is a great thing , " Giunta said , speaking of the Medal of Honor . "  But it is a great thing that has come at a personal loss to myself and so many other families . " And that , he said , is what he wants Americans to know . "  Absolutely , " he said . "  And not it 's just the soldiers out there doing it . It 's their families . It 's their parents . It 's the Mike Brennans of this world . And Mendoza 's parents , you know . His brothers and sisters . The families that we leave when we go do this . " "  It 's not just , we 're gon na go fight , but we 're gon na leave our families for a while and hope that they can be taken care of , " the sergeant explained . "  It 's a sacrifice that everyone makes , and these two men on that day made the biggest sacrifice anyone can ever make . And it 's not for a paycheck . " Giunta 's Medal of Honor ceremony will take place in November at the White House . And while his friends Brennan and Mendoza ca n't be there with him , he knows who can be . And he wants as many of his squadron mates as possible at the presentation .	Staff Sgt. Sal Giunta is the first living recipient of the Medal of Honor since Vietnam Taliban ambushed Giunta 's squadron in Afghanistan Giunta saves buddy from Taliban kidnapping , but Brennan dies of wounds the next day
CNN  -- The Dallas Mavericks took a giant leap towards this year 's NBA title Thursday , as they swept aside the Miami Heat in front of their own fans . Dirk Nowitzki was again the hero , notching 29 points as the Mavs ran out 112-103 winners in Game 5 to take a 3-2 lead in the seven-game series . The giant German was one of five Dallas players to reach double figures for the evening . One more victory will see the Texans win their first ever NBA championship . "  We have to go down there  Miami  and basically approach Sunday 's game as game seven , " Nowitzki told reporters , in quotes carried by Agence France-Presse . Meanwhile , Miami forward Dwyane Wade was forced to play through the pain barrier with a hip injury , but still managed to finish as the top scorer for the Heat with 23 points . Teammate LeBron James also caught the attention at both ends of the court with 17 points , including a triple double , and 10 rebounds , before he faded out of the game . However the visitors could not keep up with the pace as Nowitzki and Jason Terry in particular took the game to them . At one stage in the final quarter , the Mavs went on a 17-4 run . "  We 've been waiting on an offensive night for us where we finally shoot the ball well , added Nowitzki . "  We felt like we had opportunities in the first four games , just could n't knock anything down . So that was encouraging to see today that we made some shots . " Miami coach Erik Spoelstra said the team would be focusing on its inability to close out games . "  We have n't been able to do it consistently enough in this series , " he said , in quotes carried by Reuters.com . Their next opportunity will come on home court in Miami on Sunday .	Dirk Nowitzki scores 29 points to give Dallas a 3-2 lead in the NBA finals series The German is one of five Dallas players to reach double figures for the evening Dallas Mavericks have never won an NBA title in their 31-year history
When I was 17 , I thought I was invincible like every other teenage boy . I was moving to North Carolina from Bakersfield , California , to pursue my dream of being a professional race car driver . Nothing could stop me . But something did stop me . During the move to North Carolina , I started losing weight and feeling dehydrated , despite drinking massive amounts of fluids . We had to make many unscheduled stops because of my unquenchable thirst and frequent urination . My mood fluctuated , and I was n't really fun to be around . I went back out to Bakersfield , and my parents immediately took me to our local physician who diagnosed me as having type 1 diabetes . The doctor told me I would never drive a race car again . I was in shock , depressed and did n't accept that fact . I thought , "  Give me some medicine , and I 'll be back at the racetrack next week . " But this was n't the case . Type 1 diabetes ca n't be fixed easily with medication . Diabetes fast facts This diagnosis was unacceptable to me , and I wanted to know more about it and what I could do to overcome it . With the help of the Internet , I found a California doctor who specializes in diabetes and had another race car driver , Charlie Kimball , under her care . My father called Dr. Anne Peters ' office and spoke with her assistant , explaining my situation . One week later I was in her Los Angeles office . Peters was the person who gave me hope that with hard work I could continue to chase my dream of being a professional race car driver . She put me on a strict diet and exercise regiment , which has allowed me to achieve the success I have had to date . I went back to North Carolina and realized something -- if I have this many questions and failed to understand all of this diabetes terminology , then what about other people living with diabetes ? So my family and I started a foundation called Ryan 's Mission to help educate and create awareness about living with diabetes . I continued the twice-daily workout regiment and the strict lifestyle change to allow me to drive a successful 2012 season in the ARCA Racing Series , as well as participate in select NASCAR Camping World Truck Series events . In 2013 , my dream came to fruition ; I was signed with Roush Fenway Racing as a development driver in the NASCAR Nationwide Series . Then , through Ryan 's Mission , we announced our collaboration with the American Diabetes Association to launch the Drive to Stop Diabetes awareness campaign . I have had three NASCAR Nationwide Series starts to date , posting my first top-10 finish in the No. 16 Drive to Stop Diabetes Ford Mustang at Richmond on September 6 . I will continue to drive two to three more Nationwide Series races with Roush Fenway this year with the Drive to Stop Diabetes paint scheme . Ryan 's Mission 's unique collaboration with the ADA uses my story as the voice . The Drive to Stop Diabetes campaign includes awareness and educational efforts at NASCAR Nationwide races this year , as well as at several off track health and wellness initiatives throughout 2013 . I see this as an opportunity to show my ability . Obviously my goal is to follow in the progression of many drivers who have started inside the Nationwide Series ranks and worked their way up to contend for the Sprint Cup . It will be a great opportunity , and I intend to make the most of it . I 'm fortunate to have the chance to not only be able to drive as a development driver , but also to educate others . I want to let them know that even when living with diabetes , life has no limits .	Ryan Reed is a development driver in the NASCAR Nationwide Series He teamed with American Diabetes Association to launch Drive to Stop Diabetes campaign Reed is on a strict diet and exercise regimen to keep his diabetes under control
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Three men who kidnapped and tortured a man over a drug debt were sentenced Tuesday in Atlanta , Georgia , to decades in prison , in a case tied to Mexican drug cartels . Federal authorities point to the 2008 case as evidence that Atlanta has become a major distribution hub for powerful Mexican drug groups such as the Sinaloa and Gulf cartels . Victor Abiles Gomez , 20 , Omar Mendoza-Villegas , 19 , and Gerardo Solorio Reyes , 23 , were sentenced to more than 20 years each in the kidnapping and beating of Oscar Reynoso in a suburban Atlanta home , federal authorities said . Gomez and Mendoza-Villegas were sentenced to 24 years in federal prison ; Reyes was sentenced to 26 years . The three gagged the victim and left him chained to a mattress in an unfinished basement for six days because of a $ 300,000 drug debt , authorities said . The three are illegal immigrants from Mexico and had ties to powerful drug cartels there , authorities said . "  This case demonstrates the danger inherent in the illegal business of drug-dealing , " said Atlanta U.S. Attorney David Nahmias . "  Fortunately , this violent episode did not spill over to innocent members of our community . " In fiscal 2008 , authorities confiscated about $ 70 million in drug-related cash in Atlanta , more than anywhere else in the United States , the Drug Enforcement Administration has said . Atlanta has become a stopping point for truckloads of Mexican cocaine , heroin , marijuana and methamphetamine , agents say . The drugs are held in stash houses before being distributed on the East Coast .	3 men linked to cartels kidnapped and tortured man over drug debt , authorities say Victim was found gagged , chained in basement in Atlanta suburb The three convicted kidnappers got sentences of 20 + years in federal prison Atlanta is stopping point for Mexican drug cartel shipments , authorities say
CNNMexico.com  -- Carlos and Adriana have been dating for six years , and though they do n't see each other regularly , they value their relationship . A decade ago , when they did n't even know each other , Carlos and Adriana were diagnosed with schizophrenia ; from that moment their love lives became a more complex issue than most people have to deal with . Adriana describes herself as an introverted woman . She is 42 years old and was diagnosed with schizophrenia at the age of 33 . "  I did n't take care of myself . I did n't want to shower and I was not wearing clothes for my age , " she remembers . "  I was very depressed . My dad was concerned and decided to take me to a doctor . " Carlos , 46 , says he passed out while he was working back in 2000 . He did n't realize that from that moment he was going to start experiencing symptoms of schizophrenia , a mental disorder suffered by approximately 1.5 million Mexicans . "  I began to have delusion of persecution . I was very stressed , " he says . "  This led me to be a person that was very hard to deal with . I used to think that people knew what I was going to say , that people could read my mind . I was living in a permanent state of stress , I was paranoiac and it was horrible . " The couple met in a therapy group . Adriana says she is happy now that she has someone to talk with . "  I do n't have a lot of people to talk with about my personal issues because they do n't believe me or they do n't want to help me with my deliriums , " she says . Carlos was married when he was diagnosed . He says his wife did n't know "  how to understand " that he was suffering from a mental disorder and that is why she decided to leave him . She does n't allow Carlos to stay in touch with his kids . "  My oldest daughter is now 19 . The other two were really young the last time I saw them , " he says . "  They do n't recognize me . A year ago my ex-wife allowed me to meet with my daughter -- she told me she was going to college to be a psychologist . I kissed her and hugged her , but she told me she needed time to understand this situation . Since then , she has n't answered my letters or phone calls . " María Luisa Rascón , a psychologist and researcher at the National Institute of Psychiatry Ramón de la Fuente in Mexico explains that schizophrenia is a degenerative chronic disease that alters human senses ; this leads the patient to suffer delusion of persecution , to hear voices or even think that water tastes like acid . It prevents the patient from having a clear perception of what is real and what is not , she says . For Carlos , the main reason to get better is to recover his children . However , he knows that to achieve this , he will need to become financially stable again , in order to help support his children . "  I lost everything because of the schizophrenia , " he says . Rascón says that in some cases family members are not aware of what a patient is going through after the diagnosis of a mental disorder , and that leads them to leave them . "  The family stigmatizes their sick relative because they are also suffering a social stigma ; they feel pushed back and do the same to their loved one . Having a relationship while you are handling with that negative interaction of the rejection , it could be very difficult . " According to the National Institute of Psychiatry of Mexico , 28 % of the Mexican population has suffered from some type of mental disorder , such as emotional disorders or anxiety . The National Survey on Discrimination in Mexico made by the National Council to Prevent Discrimination in 2010 showed that 20 % of people with disabilities are discriminated against . For another patient , Rocío , who was diagnosed with schizophrenia in 1996 , discrimination was a complex difficulty during her rehabilitation . She and her husband worked in the same company , but when Rocío started to show symptoms such as deliriums and hallucinations , the husband 's co-workers started to joke about it , making him feel bad . He felt pressure to quit his job . After the couple left their jobs , their relationship ended because of their financial struggles . In 1994 she moved with her 4-year-old son to her mother 's house . "  In 1990 , I started to hear voices everywhere . I tried to run away , I closed doors and windows in my house to avoid hearing them , but it was useless . I heard laughs and people gossiping about me while walking in the street . I heard them even on the TV and on the radio , " Rocío remembers . The stress due to a lack of job security exaggerated her disease , she adds . Five years after she separated from her husband , her son confessed that his father was already living with another family . Rocío did not feel angry . "  I felt good for him , he found happiness , something he did n't have with me . " During a job interview -- a couple of years after she started her treatment -- she met her current partner . "  We see each other a few times , not very often because he has a family , " she says . "  We keep our relation secret ; my son does n't know about it and thinks he is only a friend of mine . " As part of her rehabilitation therapy , Rocío attends a radio show called Open Radio every week . It is hosted by people who previously had a mental disease and is produced by the psychologist Sara Makowski . It airs from The Metropolitan Autonomous University in Mexico City . Makowski describes the radio show as a space for dialogue , which offers a safe environment in which people suffering from a mental disorder can express themselves . In three years , Makowski says , relationships with a partner have been a recurrent topic of discussion among the participants . "  The issues with love ...  are  deeply human . To listen to what they think about love is a great way to get closer to them and to understand that we are not living in distant worlds , that there are bridges that can help us go from one world to another . " "  We are lonely people , " Rocío affirms . She is ready to find a man who has n't suffered from any mental disorder and is willing to commit . This is not the case for another patient , Enrique , 42 ; he admits to being comfortable without a girlfriend . Since he was diagnosed with schizophrenia , eight years ago , he has become more social because of the workshops he has gone to as part of his rehabilitation process . "  Because of the disease , I became unfriendly and shy , " he says . "  In my life I have made few friends , the majority in my childhood . When I was sick I felt like a monster . I did n't understand what my physical constitution was . " Enrique has n't been able to understand what happened to the 15 years of his life before he was diagnosed with a mental disorder at the age of 34 . Schizophrenia made him think he could communicate telepathically with his ancestors and he was feeling that everything was an aggression against him . He says he already has overcome that phase . Now Enrique compares himself with the movie "  El Bulto "  "  Excess Baggage "  , in which a man wakes up after 20 years in coma , without understanding that his country , his family and his world have changed . "  I 've never been in a romantic relationship . It is difficult to be in a relationship with someone with a mental disease ; you have a lot of issues , " Enrique says . "  I ca n't be with a person like me . I would like to be with someone that did n't have a mental disorder . " Read this story in Spanish at CNNMéxico.com	Schizophrenia is a degenerative chronic disease that alters human senses Carlos lost his wife because she did n't understand his mental disorder , he says Enrique says he ca n't be with someone who also has schizophrenia
CNN  -- A California lawyer is facing license suspension for alleged deceptive advertising by Photoshopping herself into cozy pictures with politicians and celebrities on her official website . The California State Bar Court is recommending Svitlana Sangary be suspended from practicing law for six months , after an investigation showed her website featured fake publicity photos of her next to President Barack Obama , former President Bill Clinton , Hillary Clinton , Arnold Schwarzenegger , George Clooney , Kim Kardashian , Ellen DeGeneres and others . The California Bar Association says Sangary 's suspension does not go into effect until approved by the California Supreme Court and is recommending two-and-a-half years of probation after the six-month suspension . On Friday , CNN contacted Sangary for comment , and she said she would call back shortly . "  I will tell you much more later , " she said . Later in the day , she declined additional immediate comment . She ultimately responded in a lengthy email Monday that defended her position , but did not flatly deny doctoring the photos . Misleading the public Sangary faked many or all of the photos by taking original celebrity pictures and then overlaying her own image , the state bar court found . The ruling said because the "  photographs were part of an advertisement and solicitation for future work ... they were false , deceptive , and intended to confuse , deceive and mislead the public . " But high-profile legal analyst and celebrity lawyer Mark Geragos does not think an attorney 's photoshop frenzy is troublesome or worth suspension . "  If that kind of puffery is actionable by the state bar , you are going to put the entire membership of state bar out of business , " Geragos told CNN . "  There is no greater group of self-promoters than lawyers , and puffery goes with the territory . " Court documents say Sangary answered her notice of disciplinary charges with a "  16-page soliloquy with little to no rational connection to the charges . " A "  sweet sixteen " response As an example , court papers cited a portion of Sangary 's response , which she wrote referring to herself in the third person : "  There is a popular expression , ` sweet sixteen ' . The foregoing 16 pages can be characterized as bitter-sweet sixteen , in Sangary 's view . It goes without saying as to why they are bitter . Can one envision the acts in the civil arena , more unseemly than the ones described above ? "  Svitlana Sangary came to this country in her twenties , with nothing , and married another immigrant , who also had nothing ... Sangary 's American dream has come true , as she has been able to achieve a point wherein now , in her thirties , Sangary is a prominent donor and philanthropist , supporting important social causes , who had recently received the email from President Obama , with the subject line ' I need your help today ' , asking Svitlana Sangary for an additional donation . " Sangary made similar statements in her Monday response to CNN saying the pictures "  represent the doors that an underdog , an immigrant woman can walk through , and the heights the first generation American can climb . " "  I put blood , sweat and tears to finally reach a point in my life when I became a major donor and devoted supporter of numerous charitable and political causes , and got invited to the events where I was blessed with the opportunity to socialize and have my pictures taken with the talented and successful people , who have been inspiring me for my whole life , whom I admire and look up to . " Sangary added : "  Please take a look at all my pictures , consult any computer guru if you like , and decide for yourself whether these pictures are real , authentic or Photoshopped . " Culpable of four counts Stan Goldman , a Loyola Law School of Los Angeles professor with a background in legal ethics , argues lawyers ' websites and photoshopping should be controlled by the state bar so that clients can make rational choices . "  You may not be misrepresenting law school , grades or experience , but this  attorney 's website  is untrue , " Goldman said . "  It 's suggesting you are more well-connected , more important , more successful and talented than you are . " State Bar Court Judge Donald F. Miles found Sangary culpable of four total counts : deceptive advertising , two counts of failing to cooperate with a disciplinary investigation , and one count of failing to promptly release a client file . Sangary 's website says she 's a Pepperdine Law School graduate and her offices "  concentrate on trial practice and civil litigation , specializing in all types of litigation and dispute resolution in various forums . " CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Svitlana Sangary faked photos of herself with celebs and politician , state bar court says A six-month suspension recommendation must be OK 'd by state supreme court "  I will tell you much more later , " Sangary tells CNN Sangary wrote "  16-page soliloquy " in response to charges , court says
Palm Springs , CA  CNN  -- Back in 1993 , my friend Craig Pollard set out with a very simple mission . He wanted to help cancer survivors realize their dreams of a college education . As a two-time cancer survivor himself , Craig saw first hand how the disease can devastate a family physically , emotionally and financially . Even families with great insurance can exhaust all their resources trying to return their children to good health , leaving little if nothing for that child 's continued education . Since inception , Cancer for College has granted over $ 2 million in scholarships to more than 1,000 survivors from around the country . It 's an opportunity for these young people who have had to endure so much to feel like they can return to some kind of normalcy in their lives . All the applicant stories are so inspiring with many of the survivors wanting to go on to become doctors , nurses and counselors . Some even go on to work in the very hospitals where they were treated . Thanks for watching our CNN Interview . We appreciate you taking the time to learn more about our cause . If you 'd like to contribute , click the donate button or visitwww.cancerforcollege.org for more info on what we are doing to help make the college dreams of cancer survivors come true . Will	Ferrell 's college friend Craig Pollard started Cancer for College after twice battling cancer himself ` Cancer for College ' provides scholarships to current and former cancer patients whose medical bills left little for college Ferrell played doubles with tennis stars Novak Djokovic and Stand Wawrinka , as well as actor Kevin Spacey , to raise money for the cause
CNN  -- Your husband , an avid gamer and techie , dies of a heart attack , leaving his vast online life - -- one you do n't know much about - -- in limbo . Eternal Space lets loved ones create customized online gravesites and memorial pages . His accounts , to which you do n't know the passwords , go idle . His e-mails go unanswered , his online multiplayer games go on without him and bidders on his eBay items do n't know why they ca n't get an answer from the seller . Web site domains that he has purchased , some of which are now worth hundreds of thousands of dollars , - will expire , and you may never know . It 's a scenario that 's becoming more likely as we spend more of our lives online . And it 's raising more questions about what happens to our online lives after we log off for the final time . The answer , until recently , was nothing . But now , as online usage increases and social-media sites soar in popularity , more companies are popping up to try and fill that void created in your digital life after death . Jeremy Toeman , founder of the site Legacy Locker , recognized that when he was on a plane and wondered what would happen to his online life if it crashed . While his will leaves everything to his wife , including all of his digital assets , Toeman realized how difficult it would be for her to access his accounts . "  My GoDaddy account would belong to her , but it does n't solve the practical reality of how she would get access to it , " he said . He experienced a similar scenario after his grandmother died , and he tried to get the password for her e-mail account -- only to give up because of the hassle . So Toeman built his company to change all that . Legacy Locker allows users to set up a kind of online will , with beneficiaries that would receive the customer 's account information and passwords after they die . "  We know it 's a hard thing to think about -- to get people to face mortality . We know it 's kind of morbid , but for those who live their entire lives online , it 's also very real . " A Legacy Locker account costs $ 29.99 a year . Users can set up their accounts at www.legacylocker.com to specify who gets access to their posthumous online information , along with "  legacy letters , " or messages , that can be sent to loved ones . If someone contacts Legacy Locker to report a client 's death , the service will send the customer four e-mails in 48 hours . If there 's no response , Legacy Locker will then contact the people the client listed as verifiers in the event of his or her death . Even then , the service would not release digital assets without examining a copy of the customer 's death certificate , Toeman said . Eddie Lopez is the kind of tech-savvy guy for which a service such as Legacy Locker was made . The St. Paul , Minnesota , man has three online banking accounts , a PayPal account , domain names , Web-hosting accounts , multiple e-mail addresses and many social-networking accounts . "  I do think this is something people should be really considering these days , " Lopez told CNN when asked about services such as Legacy Locker . He wants to hire a service to handle his digital assets but is concerned about privacy . "  Although I 'm glad there 's people breaking ground in this area , I do n't think I would jump at the first opportunity to sign up , " Lopez said . "  My concerns are turning over such an exhaustive list of user names and passwords to a single business . That 's one-stop shopping for any hacker to get access to just about every detail of my life . " Lopez would prefer to entrust half of his digital-security information to a service such as Legacy Locker and the other half to family members , so that each side 's information would be useless without the other 's . "  I hope Legacy Locker and similar services can address these privacy-security concerns with some real-world solutions , " he said . "  I just do n't feel comfortable turning over my digital life -- built over 15 years -- to a kind promise . " Legacy Locker is n't the only new company helping techies plan for death in the digital age . AssetLock  formerly YouDeparted.com  offers a "  secure safe deposit box " for digital copies of documents , wishes , letters and e-mails . Deathswitch and Slightly Morbid also offer similar services in a variety of prices and packages , depending on how many accounts are involved . Not all of these services deal with online assets . There 's also a growing trend towards giving all aspects of death -- - the grieving process , the funeral , the memorial and even the grave site -- - a digital makeover . FindaGrave.com claims to have cemetery records for 32 million people in its searchable database , while EternalSpace.com offers a new spin on the traditional grave site by offering virtual memorial pages full of videos , pictures and tributes . On Eternal Space , loved ones can choose from different headstones and bucolic landscape backgrounds -- the mountain lake is a popular option -- to create a customized online grave site . Loved ones can add "  tribute gifts " such as roses , candles , stuffed animals and other items , while mourners can access photos and videos in a "  Memory Book " and leave remembrances of their own . Jay Goss , president of Eternal Space president , is trying to bring the funeral experience to anyone who can access the Web . In that way , he hopes to provide a gathering place , and a voice , for mourners who may not be able to attend the real-life memorial service . "  It 'd be the equivalent of a funeral where everyone can attend and everyone can spend 30 minutes behind the podium , " Goss said . "  It gives everyone a chance to put a 360-degree wrapper on the life the person lived and celebrate that life from how every person knew them . " Eternal Space 's virtual memorial sites are currently only being offered through select funeral homes , cemeteries and crematoriums . Goss ' hope is that the site will help allow the deceased 's memory to be "  eternally " passed on . "  All of these stories and videos are being left , in essence , to this Eternal Space Web site so that everyone can share , not just that day , not the days after , but the weeks after and years after , " he said . Some funeral-industry professionals believe these online memorials and virtual grave sites provide a valuable service . "  Assuming the site is handled with respect , virtual memorials respond to a basic human need to remember our deceased family , friends and colleagues , " said Robert M. Fells , general counsel for the International Cemetery , Cremation and Funeral Association . "  Based on our members ' feedback , I 'd have to say that virtual memorial sites are gaining popularity with the public as a very practical alternative to being present at the grave site , " he added . "  There 's nothing ` weird ' about them as far as we have seen . " "  There are funeral homes out there that will help families create virtual memorials , but ... we 've also seen Facebook and MySpace profiles of deceased persons being turned into memorials , " agreed Jessica Koth , spokesperson for the National Funeral Directors Association . "  Consumers have become increasingly comfortable with expressing their grief online . " "  While not a replacement for a funeral , online memorialization can help people work through their grief after the funeral , " she added . "  We 've all become accustomed to communicating and expressing ourselves electronically -- via e-mail , Facebook , Twitter . Expressing one 's grief online is an outgrowth of what 's happening in other areas of our lives . " CNN.com 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .	New services are helping people organize their digital assets after their death Customers can designate loved ones to access their posthumous online accounts Legacy Locker allows users to set up a kind of online will , with beneficiaries Eternal Space lets loved ones create customized online grave sites
PEOPLE.com  -- Danny Masterson and his girlfriend of eight years , Bijou Phillips , tied the knot Tuesday before an intimate group of family and friends in the Irish countryside , their rep confirms exclusively to PEOPLE . In a nod to Masterson 's Irish heritage , the couple had a formal wedding at a private castle , the picturesque setting of Tipperary serving as their backdrop , during a weeklong celebration . Phillips , 31 , wore a custom Zac Posen gown and Masterson , 35 , donned Albert Hammond Jr. for Confederacy . The groom 's brother Chris Masterson served as best man and guests included actors Ben Foster , Mike Pena and Ethan Suplee and acclaimed artist Gottfried Helnwein . Masterson proposed to Phillips , his costar in several films , in March 2009 . See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2010 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The couple had a formal wedding at a private castle Phillips , 31 , wore a custom Zac Posen gown The groom 's brother Chris Masterson served as best man
CNN  -- Kenya 's most critical and complex election in its 50th year since independence kicks off on March 4 , next Monday . Critical because it 'll be the first real road test of the new Western-style liberal constitution promulgated in August 2010 in the aftermath of Kenya 's near-death experience after the controversial 2007 elections that resulted in a convulsion of violence that saw over 1,000 killed and at one point over 600,000 displaced . Critical as well because , crucially , two of the leading contenders , Uhuru Kenyatta and William Ruto of the Jubilee Coalition are defendants before the International Criminal Court  ICC  accused of crimes against humanity . They deny the charges , and will both run in the election . Rather unfortunately , an election many had hoped would be about the new constitution and resolving the underlying issues that made the last election so toxic , has ended up , thus far , defined by the ICC and the tribal mobilization this has enabled . Read this : Can mobiles help stop Kenya election violence ? It is a complex election as well because Kenya is implementing a devolved 47-county system of government via these polls -- electing governors , senators , county representatives and other officials to a brand new federated structure of government -- an election that will be , per capita , the most expensive in the world . Still , Kenyans -- especially the rural poor -- are enthusiastic about devolution as it promises greater accountability on the part of one of the continent 's most durable , sophisticated , well resourced , corrupt and ruthless elites . While much attention has focused on the close and potentially troublesome presidential election the real action may actually turn out to be at the county level that is totally new . Kenyans are coming to terms with the fact that what "  normal " means is about to change forever . All these factors , combined with reports of continuing ethnic balkanization in informal settlements , threats and arming for both defensive and offensive violence , have served to create an atmosphere of high anxiety preceding the polls . The anxiety is in part because the country is trying to move so many big governance boulders at the same time informed by the violence that took place last time . Peace-building activities  prayers , concerts , roadshows , talk shows , plays , films etc.  have been legion , competing for overloaded national political bandwidth during this hectic electioneering period . It all reveals a country that terrified itself out of its own wits as a result of the sheer barbarity and speed of the meltdown in 2008 . Read this : Kenyan DJs go without food for peaceful elections That said , barring some catastrophic blunder by the nascent Independent Election and Boundaries Commission  IEBC  that shall be conducting the election , which pollsters predict will be so close between the two leading candidates , Kenyatta and Odinga that a run-off is likely , Kenyan elections are usually smooth affairs . Trouble usually comes afterwards . A second round is an innovation to Kenyans and much will transpire between the first and second rounds if there is n't a clear winner on March 4 . The ICC has destabilized Kenya 's politics but introduced a new measure of elite accountability , raising the cost of elite-driven violence to a level that has meant the tribal vitriol of previous electioneering has n't been in such evidence this time around . Going by remarks of the ICC 's president , the Kenyan case has clearly challenged the ICC too . Indeed , the future of the institution as a credible agent of change on the continent is dependent on how the Kenyan process plays out . However , regardless of the outcome , it is likely that a sizeable chunk of the Kenyan population will vote for ICC indictees with all the implications that has for the rule of law , Kenya 's posture with regard to international standards of human rights and good governance , and for the country 's standing within the African continent and global community . It will also hopefully lead to a good dose of national introspection . Indeed , it seemed to dawn on the business community and middle class  roughly 10 % of the 14.3 million registered voters  only in the past month the terrible implications of "  getting this one wrong . " At a time when there has been considerable excitement about Africa 's economic prospects , underpinned by deepening democratic culture in places like Ghana and Kenya , if Kenya falters in this transition it is not unlikely that the implications will be a review of the African renaissance that has at times caused excessive hyperventilating by hedge fund managers in the West as the world 's latest "  emerging market " emerges . What 's clear , however , is that for Kenya the emergence will be bumpy and even bloody at times . But emerge it shall . According to the U.N. OCHA , between January last year and the start of this year , for example , almost 500 Kenyans  including dozens of police  have been killed in a worrying trend of the normalization of violence , and 112,000 citizens have been displaced . Read this : Can tech revolutionize African elections ? Lots of unfinished business lingers from the last convulsion of violence and underlies it . Tribalism , historical grievances with regard to land , corruption , drug trafficking , money laundering and impunity among the elite in general have served to hold back the most globalized , diverse , industrious , economically innovative and dynamic country on the eastern side of the African continent . But most Kenyans , if not all their leaders , have a great will to make a success out of a transition that will lay the foundation for a stable , peaceful and prosperous future for the next generations . The need for a peaceful transition is particularly powerful in the collective imagination . There is an understanding that change wo n't come overnight , however , for while the new constitution has changed the forest , as a local saying goes , the monkeys have remained the same . All the leading presidential contenders are part of the old elite . That said , the constitution includes a raft of institutions and checks and balances that are also unprecedented . Secondly , Kenya has never had a younger , healthier , better educated , more globally connected and tech-savvy population in its entire history -- 75 % of Kenyans are below 30 years of age . Indeed , there are five million first-time voters between the ages of 18 and 25 . Kenyans are acutely aware that the conduct of the upcoming polls and the implementation of the new constitution , our handling of the ICC cases , will impact not only our future but the way Africa , and the world , views Africa . Honor means we have to get it right , despite the apparent odds . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of John Githongo .	John Githongo : Kenya is holding its most complex election since independence Two candidates are accused of crimes against humanity by ICC It will implement system that promises greater accountability on the part of the elite Kenyans aware that conduct of the election will be closely watched , says Githongo
CNN  An Egyptian court sentenced the leader of the Muslim Brotherhood , Mohamed Badie , on Saturday to death by hanging , along with 13 members of his group . The sentences will be appealed . The criminal court sentenced 36 other defendants to life in prison on charges of plotting terrorist attacks against state facilities . They faced charges that include "  funding the Rabaa al-Adawiya sit-in " -- a mass protest in Cairo in August 2013 that was forcibly dispersed by security personnel -- and spreading "  false information " to destabilize Egypt . They were arrested in a sweeping crackdown on supporters of former President Mohamed Morsy , the country 's first democratically elected president , who was overthrown in 2013 in a military coup that bitterly split Egyptians . One of those sentenced to life in prison was Mohamad Soltan , a 27-year-old U.S.-Egyptian activist . He has been languishing in Cairo 's notorious Tora Prison , where he has been on a hunger strike for more than 14 months . The U.S. State Department released a statement condemning Soltan 's sentence and calling for his release on humanitarian grounds . The presiding judge for Badie , Soltan and the other defendants was Mohamed Nagy Shehata , who is known for his harsh verdicts . Shehata has sentenced more than 180 people to death and was the original judge in a high-profile case case involving Al Jazeera journalists . Badie had been sentenced to death before on a conviction related to a deadly attack on a police station . He has also been sentenced to life in prison for inciting violence during 2013 's unrest . The Egyptian news outlet Al Ahram reported that Badie had been sentenced to death twice before , but an appeals court overturned one verdict , and Egypt 's Grand Mufti disapproved of the other . During the summer of unrest , hundreds of people died when the police forcefully cleared camps set up by protesting Morsy supporters and when security forces opened fire on Morsy backers who attacked police stations , government buildings and churches . The government accused the protesters of inciting violence . After the coup , the new government outlawed the Muslim Brotherhood . Morsy was arrested , and he too faces trial . Soltan 's sister , Hanaa , is anxious about what the future holds for her family . She wrote a letter to her brother expressing her feelings . "  Dear Mohamed , " the letter read . "  I 'm often asked why , and how , you 've kept up your hunger strike for 14 months now , despite our pleas for you to end it . I 've watched your body go from a plump basketball-playing frame to one that has withered down to its bones . "  Your face , with its beautiful smile often grinning , now looks permanently in pain . And , all I can do to explain is to tell people that it 's the only form of control you have to hold on to -- now more than ever , on the eve of your sentencing . " CNN 's Don Melvin contributed to this report .	The death sentences will be appealed Mohamed Soltan , a 27-year-old U.S.-Egyptian activist on a hunger strike , is sentenced to life in prison Letter from Soltan 's sister : "  Your face , with its beautiful smile ... now looks permanently in pain "
CNN  -- Authorities have charged two teenagers and an adult in connection with the beating of a 76-year-old African-American man early Tuesday in Baltimore , Maryland , in an incident police say had a racial connection . From left , Emmanuel Miller , 16 , and Zachary Watson , 17 are charged as adults in the alleged beating . Emmanuel Miller , 16 , and Zachary Watson , 17 are charged as adults , police said . They and Calvin Lockner , 28 , face numerous charges in the alleged beating of James Privott , including attempted murder , assault and harassing a person because of race or religion , according to court documents . Lockner is a white supremacist with the nickname "  Hitler , " Baltimore police spokesman Anthony Gugliemi told CNN . Baltimore Police Commissioner Fred Bealefeld told reporters some of Lockner 's tattoos seem to indicate his affiliation with racist groups such as the Aryan Brotherhood , according to audio comments posted on the Web site of CNN affiliate WBAL . There is no evidence the teenagers were affiliated with any white supremacist groups , Gugliemi said , but the two knew Lockner . Police responding to a report of an armed carjacking about 3:25 a.m. Tuesday found Privott with a head injury , according to probable cause statements accompanying charges , filed in the District Court of Maryland for Baltimore City . Privott told police he was loading his Chevy Tahoe after fishing in the nearby Patapsco River when three or four white males approached him and began to kick and punch him , knocking him to the ground while using racial epithets , according to the statements . One of the men struck him with a baseball bat , Privott said . While he was on the ground , the men stole his wallet , which contained $ 19 , as well as the keys to his vehicle , he told police . The men left in the Tahoe , the statements said . Privott was taken to a hospital and later was transferred to the University of Maryland Hospital 's shock trauma center because of his head injuries . Doctors told police he had a possible fractured eye orbital bone and had sustained serious head trauma , according to the court documents . Privott remained in critical condition , but was making progress , a Baltimore police spokeswoman said Thursday "  What has happened is an unfortunate thing , " Privott 's wife , Ethel , told WBAL . "  I think we 're living in a prison world because we ca n't -- we 're not safe here . We go and try to have clean fun and this is what happens . " The Chevy Tahoe 's tracking system helped police locate the vehicle , which eventually crashed and overturned , the court documents said . An anonymous witness led officers to Lockner after seeing him running from the accident scene . As he was being arrested , Lockner told police , "  I 'm sorry for what I did , " according to the probable cause statements . Lockner told police he was involved in the beating , but said another man -- later identified by police as Watson -- was the one who assaulted Privott and took his wallet . Both Miller and Watson , however , told police it was Lockner who assaulted Privott , according to the court documents . Watson claimed Lockner used a sledgehammer and Miller used a bat . Both youth said Lockner forced them into the Tahoe after the assault , according to the statements . Watson said the three then smoked marijuana , police said . Bealefeld told reporters that while authorities have received conflicting information from the three , "  I think the consensus is that Mr. Lockner played a leading role in a lot of this . " Miller said , according to the probable cause statements , that he , Lockner and Watson were at Fort Armistead Park near the river when they saw Privott and a woman fishing . Miller said the three asked the man and woman if they had any water or cigarettes , but they said no . Lockner grew angry at their refusal , Miller told police , and used a racial epithet as they were walking away , the documents said . Miller said the three waited for the woman with Privott to leave and then Lockner assaulted him , hitting him about 10 times , according to the probable cause statements . Ethel Privott told WBAL the two enjoy fishing near the park and have been doing so for more than a decade . "  It 's usually a party , " she said , but the two had stayed late on Tuesday . "  A lot of seniors go down there . It 's a nice secluded area , and we have fun . Until this , " she said . A preliminary hearing for all three suspects is set for September 18 .	James Privott , 76 , says white males kicked , punched him , used racial epithets Suspect Calvin Lockner is white supremacist with the nickname "  Hitler , " police say Two teen suspects charged as adults Privott in critical condition but making progress
CNN  -- Arsenal claimed the first trophy of the 2014-15 English season Sunday with an emphatic 3-0 win over Manchester City in the FA Community Shield at Wembley . The traditional match is between the English Premier League champions and the FA Cup winners of the previous season and comes a week before the start of the regular league season . FA Cup winners Arsenal were two-up by halftime as midfielders Santi Cazorla and Aaron Ramsey scored fine goals . The introduction of David Silva to an understrength City team gave them a glimmer of hope after the break , but substitute Oliver Giroud sealed the victory with a curling effort on the hour mark . Victory will be a morale boost for Arsene Wenger 's men , who start their EPL campaign at home to Crystal Palace , while City begins its title defense at Newcastle . Wenger was also able to give starts to keynote signing Alexis Sanchez , formerly of Barcelona and other new boys Calum Chambers and Mathieu Debuchy . One man moving in the opposite direction to Sanchez is Belgian defender Thomas Vermaelen , whose move to Barcelona was confirmed Sunday as he was unveiled at the Nou Camp . Vermaelen 's old team was winning the Community Shield , formerly the Charity Shield , for the 13th time and the first since 2004 . Wenger said that his squad had been improved by recent signings . "  I would say overall it was a united team performance and it was a first half of quality , togetherness and good movement , " he told gathered reporters . "  It 's very difficult to compare  with past squads  but yeah , in the last two I 've been speaking about big transfers . In the years before that we always lost big transfers so  the current policy  has now strengthened the squad . " He will be hoping that last season 's Community Shield is not a precedent . It turned out to be David Moyes ' only honor as Manchester United manager after Robin van Persie scored two goals in the 2-0 defeat of Wigan . United went on to finish seventh in the EPL and Moyes was sacked before the end of the season , to be replaced by Louis van Gaal .	Arsenal wins FA Community Shield at Wembley Beats EPL champions Manchester City 3-0 Cazorla , Ramsey and Giroud score goals Arsenal new signing Alexis Sanchez started
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Transportation Security Administration is looking into a report that Louisiana Sen. David Vitter had an angry altercation with an airline worker at Washington Dulles International Airport last week . Louisiana Sen. David Vitter reportedly went into a "  tirade " with a Washington Dulles International Airport worker . The agency is not doing a formal investigation , TSA spokesman Sterling Payne told CNN , but it is gathering information to determine if one is needed . "  We are looking into the reported incident , " Payne said . An aide to Vitter said Friday morning the Republican senator had not been contacted by the TSA and maintains the media account of the incident is overblown . Roll Call had a report in its gossip column earlier this week , based on an unnamed eyewitness , that Vitter arrived at the airport 20 minutes before his United Airlines flight was scheduled to depart . The door to the boarding bridge was already closed , but Vitter opened it anyway , triggering an alarm . The paper said an airline worker warned him not to enter the walkway , which led to a "  tirade " by Vitter who "  remained defiant . " The source told Roll Call the senator left the area before airport police arrived . Vitter has refused to answer reporters ' questions about the incident , but in a statement Wednesday described his actions more innocently and the Roll Call report "  silly . " "  After being delayed on the Senate floor ensuring a vote on my anti-pay raise amendment and in a rush to make my flight home for town hall meetings the next day , I accidentally went through the wrong door at the gate , " he said . "  I did have a conversation with an airline employee , but it was certainly not like this silly gossip column made it out to be . " Vitter has been the subject of unwelcome headlines before . In 2007 , he was linked to a Washington , D.C. , prostitution ring . He denied allegations he had relationships with prostitutes , but apologized for "  a very serious sin . " Joel DiGrado , Vitter 's spokesman , said the congressman would not comment further on the issue . CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	TSA gathers information about alleged incident involving Louisiana Sen. David Vitter Vitter reportedly had angry confrontation with airport worker Vitter says media account of incident is overblown
Washington  CNN  -- Iran 's foreign minister denied reports Sunday that his country could be planning a retaliatory strike against the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad if the United States launches a military strike against Syria . "  Iran will take no action against its ally and brother -- Iraq -- and I believe all these allegations are there to justify any military strikes , which are a danger for those planning them , " said Mohammad-Javad Zarif , according to the Iranian state-run news agency INSA . "  Iran has no plans to act against its friend and brother , Iraq , " the minister added . Last week , a senior U.S. official told CNN the United States has obtained intelligence indicating that Iran "  may be planning " such a retaliatory strike . He said that Iran has "  a lot of Shi'a friends " in Iraq that would be willing to carry out an attack . The official was responding to a Wall Street Journal report that the United States intercepted an order from Iran to militants in Iraq to attack the embassy "  and other American interests in Baghdad , " if the United States strikes Syria militarily for alleged chemical weapons use . The State Department had no comment on the report but added it had not taken any action in terms of security at U.S. diplomatic posts in Iraq . Zarif , who spoke during a one-day visit to Iraq , called for a "  peaceful and diplomatic " resolution to the crisis in Syria . "  We should not beat on the drums of war in the region , since beating will only start a fire that would spread to all countries in the region . Those who insist on beginning a war are about to start a fire that will take over the entire region , " the minister said , INSA reported . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	"  Iran will take no action against its ally and brother -- Iraq , " says Iran 's foreign minister He calls for a "  peaceful and diplomatic " resolution to the Syrian crisis U.S. official : Intelligence pointed to planning for possible retaliation if strike is ordered
New devices intended to prevent children from dying of heat stroke in parked vehicles are unreliable , and should not be used as stand-alone measures to prevent such tragedies , the federal government warned Monday . The devices , which sense the presence of a child in a car after the adult walks away , were determined to be "  inconsistent and unreliable " and could give parents a false sense of security , National Highway Traffic Safety Administration chief David Strickland said . "  Though well-intentioned , we can not recommend parents and caregivers rely on technology to prevent these events from occurring , " Strickland said . The warning is the latest concerning a phenomenon that has befuddled safety experts and terrified parents : the unintentional abandonment of children in cars . In many cases , parents or caregivers -- stressed by heavy workloads or distracted by minor changes in their normal routine -- absent-mindedly leave children in cars , only to later discover them dead or suffering from hyperthermia . Indeed , heat stroke is the leading cause of non-crash vehicle deaths for children under the age of 14 , the safety agency said . A total of 527 children have died of heat stroke in cars since 1998 , an average of 38 children a year , it said . In about 51 % of the cases , a parent or caregiver forgot about the child . In another 17 % , an adult intentionally left a child in the vehicle , apparently unaware that heat can quickly rise to deadly levels even on mildly warm days . And in 30 % of the cases , the child entered an unlocked , unattended vehicle . The tragedies have prompted a number of manufacturers to develop products to remind parents to check their cars . Though some devices offer simple reminders to check on children , the safety agency 's study , conducted by the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia , focused on devices that sense the presence of a child in a safety seat or restraint and alert the caregiver if he or she walks away from the car . "  We evaluated whether the device notified the caregiver as they walked away from the vehicle , and we measured the distance at which the alarm sounded , " said Kristy Arbogast , the study 's author . "  The results showed that none of these three devices ... were completely reliable and consistent in their function and ability to detect children . " Researchers noted numerous problems with the devices , saying some require the adults to adjust the position of the child within the restraint , some ca n't function in the presence of liquids , and some are hampered by cell phone interference . Arbogast commended manufacturers for attempting to address the safety issues , and said they are working to refine their technologies . The government stopped short of advising parents not to use the devices , saying they could be used as part of a "  layered " approach to protecting a child . Instead , the safety agency advises that drivers should make a habit of looking in vehicles -- front and back -- before locking the doors and walking away . They should also place a Teddy Bear or note on the front seat as a reminder that a child is in the car , or place a cell phone , purse or briefcase in the back seat to ensure no child is accidentally left in the vehicle . They also suggest asking child care providers to call if a child does not show up for care as expected . Importantly , none of the aftermarket devices protect against a child entering an unlocked vehicle . The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said parents should teach children a vehicle is not a play area , and should store keys out of the reach of children . Agency officials said heat stroke tragedies have befallen people of all education levels and all walks of life . During an agency conference call with reporters Monday , Reginald McKinnon , a supervisor for a telecommunications company , described losing his young daughter after unintentionally leaving her in a car in 2010 . He did n't realize his error until returning to his SUV and opening the vehicle to put down his laptop computer . "  That 's the exact moment I 'll never forget , " McKinnon said . "  To my horror , I realized Payton was still in her car seat . It 's the last thing I remember . I heard someone screaming ; it was me . " McKinnon said he still does n't understand how the incident occurred . "  I know you must be asking yourself , how did he forget his own child ? And it 's a legitimate question , and it 's one I 've asked myself every day for over two years now . "  And regardless of the painful hours of soul searching , therapy and prayers my family and I have undergone , it 's a question that remains unanswered : How did I forget my child ? " He added that "  experts will tell you that it can happen to anybody . They say our busy lifestyles can create enough stress to trigger mental lapses . It appears minor changes to daily routines contribute to these mental lapses and the stressed-out brain can bury a thought . Something as trite as a cup of coffee or as crucial as a baby can go on autopilot . "  And while all that might be true , I can tell you personally when you 've gone through it , it really does n't help . "	New devices are meant to alert adults if they leave a child in the back seat of a car The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says they are "  inconsistent and unreliable " Heat stroke is the leading cause of non-crash vehicle deaths for children under the age of 14
CNN  -- Kremlin critic and former oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky , released from more than 10 years of imprisonment in Russia last week , praised the two freed Pussy Riot rockers for enduring months of hell in prison . "  Dear girls . I know that the last months have been a living hell for you , and I am happy to learn that this torture , unworthy of a European country in the 21st century , has ended . "  Releasing political prisoners makes those in power at least a little more humane What is probably most important for you now , is to find the strength not to keep any hatred and anger in your hearts , after your ordeals of imprisonment . Congratulations ! " The punk rockers were thrilled by his comments . "  It 's amazing . It would be so great for us to work with him , " Nadezhda Tolokonnikova said . With the Sochi Olympics less than two months away , Russia has freed high-profile prisoners in recent weeks . A new amnesty law introduced by President Vladimir Putin allowed two members of Pussy Riot to leave prison on Monday , two months before the end of their two-year sentences for a performance critical of Putin . According to Russian media , Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina qualified for amnesty under the new law because they have young children . And last week , Putin pardoned Khodorkovsky , who had been jailed since 2003 and was convicted in 2005 of tax evasion and fraud . Russia 's international image has suffered from an anti-gay law passed under Putin , and there have been threats of protests and boycotts at the Olympics over its bans on "  homosexual propaganda . " The "  Arctic 30 " Russia has dropped its case against at least one of the Greenpeace "  Arctic 30 , " the environmental group said Tuesday on its Arctic Sunrise Twitter feed . According to Greenpeace , crew members of the Greenpeace ship Arctic Sunrise were peacefully protesting at an oil rig to bring attention to the threat of oil drilling and climate change . The oil rig belonged to Gazprom , a Moscow-based company . The Arctic 30 includes 28 Greenpeace activists and two freelance journalists . They were detained in September after two activists left their ship and tried to scale the oil platform . Russian authorities have accused the activists of trying to take over the oil platform and of endangering the lives of the company 's employees . They say the activists ' actions could have led to an environmental disaster . Most of the activists were released from jail by late November , but still faced charges of hooliganism . Russian authorities release most of Greenpeace protest group Greenpeace spokesman Aaron Gray-Block said the Arctic 30 will be free to leave Russia once they get the proper stamps in their passports from the migration service . "  We know that getting those stamps would be the best Christmas present for the Arctic 30 , and we hope it can occur quickly , " Gray-Block said . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Diana Magnay and Phillip Taylor contributed to this report .	NEW : Punk rockers say they hope to work with former oil tycoon on reform Khodorkovsky says Pussy Riot rockers went through "  living hell " The ` Arctic 30 ' includes 28 Greenpeace activists and two freelance journalists The group was detained after some tried to scale a Russian company 's oil platform
CNN  -- The parents of Robert Champion , the Florida A&M University drum major who died after a hazing incident in November in Orlando , have filed suit against the school 's board of trustees , the company that owns the bus in which the abuse occurred and the bus driver . "  Now , our journey begins as to really how we can eradicate a culture that 's not just a FAMU problem , not just a Florida problem ; it 's an American problem , " lawyer Christopher Chestnut told reporters Wednesday . The complaint alleges that the bus driver , Wendy Millette , "  frequently participated " in or allowed hazing rituals to occur on the buses she was operating , and that Fabulous Coach management knew of and allowed the hazing rituals , which occurred each year after the Florida Classic Football Game . FAMU president resigns It alleges that Millette "  breached her duty to exercise reasonable care for the safety and protection of her passengers ... and acted in a careless and negligent manner . ... " The 33-page document , which was filed Tuesday in circuit court in Orange County , Florida , does not specify damages being sought . Chestnut said he hoped to use the discovery process -- via depositions , subpoenas and interrogatories -- to learn precisely what led to the 26-year-old 's death . "  We still feel that Robert Champion was murdered , " he said , but "  the prosecutor is limited as to what he can charge . " FAMU police chief called for band suspension before death The complaint offers a detailed description of what Chestnut and Champion 's parents allege occurred on the night of November 19 , 2011 , after the band performed at the Florida Citrus Bowl . Champion accompanied the band 's five other drum majors and Julian White , the band director , from the stadium to the Rosen Plaza Hotel where they were staying , in a limousine , arriving with the buses at the hotel no later than 8 p.m. , the complaint says . The band members unloaded the equipment and went to their hotel rooms and common areas no later than 8:30 p.m. , it says . "  At a designated time after 8:30 p.m. and prior to 9:46 p.m. , a series of hazing rituals were begun by members and/or alumni of the FAMU Band on one of the Fabulous Coach buses , specifically Bus C , " the complaint says . Bus C was the third bus in a convoy of vehicles operated by Fabulous Coach for members of the 375-member band . The bus driver , Millette , let more than 20 band members and/or alumni into the bus , where the hazing ritual began , the motion alleges . "  The ` Bus C ' initiation consists of ` pledges ' attempting to run from the front door of the bus to the back of the bus , down the center aisle , while initiated members of the Bus C posse position themselves in between seat rows , launching punches , slaps , kicks , hitting with objects , yelling , or assaults and batteries otherwise upon the ` pledge ' as he or she runs down the aisle of the bus , " it says . Champion beaten with drum mallets , witnesses say "  Should the ` pledge ' fall to the bus floor from the blows sustained to his or her body , the ` pledge ' may be stomped and is then dragged back to the front of the bus , and must begin the ritual again . "  Failure to successfully complete the ` Bus C ' initiation results in a FAMU Band student being subjected to alienation from social contact , embarrassing public ridicule and mockery , sleep deprivation , and prohibition from talking , eating , drinking , sleeping , smiling , looking around or laughing while a passenger on Bus C or during FAMU Band activities . " No-confidence vote for FAMU president At about 9:30 p.m. , Champion was subjected to a number of hazing rituals , including the "  Hot Seat , " in which a pillowcase or other object limiting the flow of oxygen was placed over a victim 's head . He is then asked questions by a hazer . "  If or when the victim answers a question correctly , the object is briefly lifted to allow a brief flow of oxygen to the victim , and then quickly pulled back down over the victim 's head as another question is asked , " the complaint says . "  Should the victim fail to correctly answer the question , the object is not removed and the victim is prevented from inhaling fresh air , before the next question is asked . During this time , the victim is punched , slapped , kicked , or hit otherwise by members of the ` Bus C ' posse . " The complaint says that "  John Doe 1 , " who himself had completed the "  Hot Seat " initiation , "  opined that the physical and verbal abuse by the initiated upon  Champion  was more brutal than normal . " Champion gave in , band members say When John Doe 1 stood to help Champion , he "  was immediately struck back down into the seat and pinned down as the physical abuse continued . ... " Champion was also subjected to the hazing ritual known as "  Bus C , " it says . Somewhere between 9:30 p.m. and 9:46 p.m. , he "  appeared at the doorway of the bus and began vomiting in the parking lot . " At that point , Millette "  advised Decedent that he would be alright as she forced him back onto the bus , " it alleges . There , he was subjected to further physical abuse , it says . "  The physical harm suffered by Decedent after being forced back onto the bus cumulatively led to the fatal injuries . ... " At 9:46 p.m. , another band member called 911 and said Champion was no longer breathing . He was taken to Dr. P. Phillips Hospital , where he was declared dead less than an hour later . Cause of death : "  Blunt force trauma  sustained  during a hazing incident . " Band fraternity charter revoked over hazing FAMU Dean of Students Henry Kirby recommended three days before the incident that the band be suspended because of hazing , but his recommendation "  was ignored , " the complaint says . Fabulous Coach did not immediately respond to an e-mail ; CNN was not able to reach Millette . Band director White has retired and FAMU President James H. Ammons announced Wednesday that he is returning to a tenured faculty position in October .	Suit is filed against FAMU , bus company , driver of bus where hazing happened "  It 's an American problem , " says Champion family lawyer about drum major 's hazing death "  We still feel that Robert Champion was murdered , " he says
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suicide bomber killed 26 people and injured 63 others during a funeral procession in northwestern Pakistan Thursday , a senior police official told CNN . Saleem Murrawat , the police chief of the Lower Dir district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , said the ceremony was for a member of a pro-government anti-Taliban militia in the area of Jandol . The chief said a suicide bomber blew himself up when he was standing with people at the procession . There are usually no security checks in such ceremonies . The chief said the bomber was around age 18 . Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and the neighboring tribal region have been havens for militants and there have been many insurgent attacks in the area -- close to war-torn Afghanistan . On Tuesday , a school bus loaded with children came under rocket and small arms fire near Peshawar . The driver and three children were killed and 16 others wounded , police said . The Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan group claimed responsibility for the attack , according to the group 's regional spokesman , Mohammad Talha , who said it was in response to growing support for local resistance groups against the Taliban in the region . CNN 's Nasir Habib contributed to this report	The suicide bomber was standing among mourners at a funeral The ceremony was for a member of an anti-Taliban militia On Tuesday , a school bus was attacked
An exasperated President Barack Obama on Tuesday expressed new surprise and dismay at the lack of congressional action on stemming gun violence , hours after yet another American community was jolted by a deadly school shooting . He said the failure to expand background checks on firearms sales was his "  biggest frustration " as president , and called on concerned citizens to vent their anger loudly . Obama said it was "  stunning " Congress could n't pass laws making it harder to obtain firearms in the aftermath of the 2012 elementary school shooting that devastated Newtown , Connecticut , and stunned the nation . Obama said the violence on that December morning amounted to the "  worst day " of his presidency . "  Why are n't we doing something about this ? " he asked during an online question-and-answer session on college costs at the White House . "  I will tell you , I have been in Washington for a while now . Most things do n't surprise me . The fact that 20 six year olds were gunned down in the most violent fashion possible and this town could n't do anything about it was stunning to me , " he said . Obama 's remarks came hours after a student opened fire at a high school near Portland , Oregon , killing a classmate before turning the gun on himself . The incident joined a list of dozens of shooting incidents at U.S. schools , campuses and public areas that have taken place since the 2012 Newtown massacre . Just Sunday , two police officers in Nevada were shot and killed while eating lunch . "  The country has to do some soul searching about this , " he said . "  This is becoming norm . " Ramping up restrictions on gun sales was a top priority of Obama 's after Newtown . A bipartisan measure that would have mandated background checks on gun sales failed to pass the Senate the following April , and other proposed measures , like a ban on assault weapons , garnered little support among lawmakers . The failure of it all was seen as a major defeat for the President , who led the nation in mourning for the students and teachers killed in Connecticut . Without congressional support , Obama signed dozens of unilateral executive actions meant to quell gun violence . Though broad action , like banning assault weapons or high capacity magazines , still require congressional approval . On Monday , Obama said the United States was the only developed country on Earth where mass shootings occur with regularity , adding that "  if public opinion does not change , we 're not going to change . " And he shot down arguments that mental health was more to blame for mass killings than access to guns . "  The United States does not have a monopoly on crazy people . It 's not the only country that has psychosis , " he said . "  And yet we kill each other in these mass shootings at rates that are exponentially higher than any place else . Well , what 's the difference ? The difference is that these guys can stack up a bunch of ammunition in their houses and that 's sort of par for the course . " Politicians from both parties are "  terrified " of the National Rifle Association , Obama said , saying the gun rights organization was well-funded and able to influence elections to prevent any significant new gun regulations from becoming law . Late in the day on Capitol Hill , Democratic Rep. Earl Blumenauer stood before the chamber and could barely get the words out about the violence earlier in the day in his district at Reynolds High School in Troutdale . "  In a scene that is achingly familiar , this morning at Reynolds a shooting occurred , a student killed , the shooter died , a teacher wounded , " he said . The chamber then observed a moment of silence . Fast Facts : U.S. school violence	President says mass shootings commonplace in America He said public opinion must change or "  we 're not going to change " Obama spoke as nation reacted to another school shooting -- this one in Oregon
TIME.com  -- You ca n't smoke in most restaurants and malls , and those laws may be responsible for saving thousands of lives . According to two separate studies , recent laws that limit smoking in public places are contributing to fewer tobacco-related hospital visits and deaths . In 2009 , the Institute of Medicine concluded that smoking bans contributed to fewer heart problems in areas where the policies were implemented , but the panel was unable to determine how much benefit the laws provided . The new research provides some objective improvements in lower heart attack rates and adds to a growing body of evidence for the tangible health effects of stricter smoke-free laws across the USA and all around the world . Since 2000 , more than half of U.S. states have enacted laws to restrict indoor smoking , and new smoke-free policies have taken hold in countries such as Germany , Bhutan , and Vietnam . Although these regulations are relatively new , researchers are eager to document what effect they have on health ; with strong data , public health experts hope that more smoke-free policies will be considered in countries where smoking-related deaths continue to cost nations in health and productivity . TIME.com : Can Asia kick the habit ? For one of the two new studies , published in the Archives of Internal Medicine , scientists at Minnesota 's Mayo Clinic analyzed effects of smoke-free laws that were introduced in Olmstead County , Minnesota , over the past 10 years . Most of the county 's more than 144,000 residents receive health care from the Mayo Clinic , allowing the researchers to obtain consent to track heart-related health outcomes . In 2002 , Olmstead County required restaurants to be smoke-free , and a few years later passed even stricter anti-smoking laws , mandating that all workplaces , including bars , become smoke-free in 2007 . When they compared the 18-month period before the restaurant ban to the 18-month period directly afterward , the researchers found a per-capita drop of 33 % in the number of heart attacks in the county , and a 17 % drop in the number of sudden cardiac deaths . The decline occured at the same time that rates of hypertension , diabetes and other heart-disease risk factors either remained constant or increased , suggesting that the effect was primarily attributable to the more rigid smoke-free laws . The study 's authors also adjusted for the effect of other community anti-smoking efforts , and the drop in heart attacks remained strongly tied to the new policies . In the second study , published in the journal Circulation , researchers at the University of California , San Francisco  UCSF  took a different tack . They analyzed the combined the results of 45 previous studies that focused on 33 different smoke-free laws worldwide and their impact on health . TIME.com : How second-hand cigarette smoke changes your genes Like the study in Olmstead County , the UCSF meta-analysis showed a clear health benefit for regions that go smoke-free . Areas that restrict public smoking saw a prompt and sustained decline in both hospital admissions and deaths from a variety of causes related to smoking , including heart disease , stroke , and many lung conditions . In these regions , the UCSF researchers showed an average decline in heart attack hospitalizations of 15 % -- less than the Mayo Clinic study , but , the California authors note , their analysis took an average of hospitalizations ; some regions may have benefited from far fewer health effects attributable to smoking , while others saw slighltly less benefit . "  All people should avoid secondhand smoke to the extent possible , and people with coronary heart disease should have no exposure to secondhand smoke , " the authors of the Mayo Clinic study wrote , noting that many of the heart-related health problems of smoking occur in non-smokers who are exposed to second-hand smoke . They say that their data should support continued expansion of smoke-free laws . TIME.com : Smoking ban ? The French light up again in public Stanton Glantz , director of the Center for Tobacco Control Research and Education at UCSF and the senior study author on the Circulation paper , has argued previously that smoke-free laws work to improve health not only because they protect non-smokers from harmful health effects of secondhand smoke , but they also protect smokers , by discouraging them from smoking as much , or even encouraging them to quit . Despite the growing evidence supporting their health benefits , however , critics of the laws argue that smoking bans limit the freedom of smokers to choose when and where they smoke . Smoke-free advocates often argue , in response , that restrictions are needed to protect the rights of non-smokers to remain tobacco-free -- and to protect the freedom of workers in bars and restaurants to avoid the potential health fall-out from their customers ' risky habits . The new evidence is n't likely to settle this thorny debate over personal freedoms , but , the authors hope , the results may sway more lawmakers to take the negative health effects of smoking more seriously in protecting public health . Heart disease remains the country 's leading killer , and a policy that limits its toll can be hard to ignore . This story was initially published on TIME.com . Smoke-free laws are saving lives	Laws that limit public smoking play a role in fewer hospital visits and deaths , studies show More than half of U.S. states have taken steps to limit public smoking since 2000 Smoke-free policies have also been enacted in some other countries
CNN  -- The 2014 Grammy Awards are in the books , and in typical fashion , there were some notable moments . These five were among the best : 1 . Daft Punk and their dancin ' friends perform "  Get Lucky . " The recorded version of "  Get Lucky " -- which went on to win record of the year -- already featured Pharrell 's vocals and Nile Rodgers ' distinctive guitar . But the Grammys ' added attraction was Stevie Wonder , who dominated the awards in the mid - '70s  he has three album of the year honors  . Wonder can still bring out the best in his collaborators -- including the robot-headed Daft Punk , who played from the "  control room " of the recording studio set and moved like , well , robots . Still , the group would make for a great tour . 2 . Old royalty , new royalty The Beatles ' Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr were in the audience and earned frequent shout outs from such presenters as host LL Cool J , Dave Grohl and Jamie Foxx .  You 'd think there was some kind of Beatles ' anniversary coming up . But there was also plenty of deference to Jay Z and Beyonce . The pair led off the show with a rousing version of "  Drunk in Love , " and Jay Z later won a Grammy for rap/sung collaboration . Jay Z mentioned his child-in-waiting , baby Blue , in his acceptance speech . Stars rock all-white ensembles 3 . Nifty performances , as usual The Grammys always try hard to match known names with rising stars , and this year , the pairings paid off with several performances . There was the Daft Punk melange , of course , but also the combination of Imagine Dragons and Kendrick Lamar  with an electric "  Radioactive "  and the duet of classical pianist Lang Lang and metal stars Metallica . Trent Reznor , Macklemore tell us how they really feel 4 . The new faces did well Early on , it looked like it was going to be a huge night for Macklemore & Ryan Lewis -- especially after they won three of the rap categories over competition that included Jay Z and Kanye West . The duo also won best new artist . Later in the show , it was Lorde who shined , picking up song of the year for "  Royals . " The 17-year-old New Zealander seemed particularly taken aback by her win , letting co-writer Joel Little give his speech first . Grammys 2014 : Pharrell 's hat gets life -- and Twitter -- of its own 5 . Pharrell 's hat What can be said about the chapeau that launched at least four Twitter accounts with a combined 10,000-plus followers ? It looked like something Smokey the Bear might wear . Or maybe Dudley Do-Right . Either way , it became a source of fun for Grammy watchers throughout the evening . Watch out : Given the way things work these days , it could get a show of its own by March . The winners list : Did you pick 'em ? Relive the show on CNN 's blog	2014 Grammy Awards were filled with notable moments and performances Stevie Wonder lit up Daft Punk 's "  Get Lucky " The Beatles were frequent mentions at 56th annual show And what was with Pharrell 's hat ?
EW.com  -- Elisabeth Moss is having quite the year : She won a Golden Globe for her performance in the mini-series Top of the Lake , she 's co-starring in the final season of Mad Men beginning this spring , and now , she 's on the cover of this week 's New York magazine . Moss comes off as a Cool Girl in the New York profile , talking about how normal she is -- she watches a lot of TV ! she has two cats ! she loves iPhone games ! -- and also touching on some less-normal topics , like her ties with Scientology and her relationship with Fred Armisen . We rounded up the highlights below : She 's a jokester on set -- until it 's showtime While filming The One I Love , a romantic comedy  with a twist  that premiered at Sundance this year , Moss 's microphone had to be moved because it was picking up the sound of her heartbeat . "  She 's joking around casually and then you yell ` Action ' and her heartbeat goes to 150 beats per minute , " says co-star Mark Duplass . Helen Mirren 's a fan Moss introduced herself to Dame Mirren when they sat at the same table at this year 's Golden Globes , to which Mirren replied : "  I know who the f -- you are . " Safe to say Moss has made it . The cast of Mad Men play iPhone games in their off-time Moss and her costars get along a lot better than their characters do on the show , apparently -- so much so that Moss and co. tend to stick around after filming to hang out in what they call the set 's "  base camp , " an area by the hair and makeup trailers that acts as a sort of living room for the cast . There , they play Heads Up ! , a game in which Moss excels . She 's lazy "  I do n't go to classes . I hate hiking . I do n't go to flea markets . I would like to do that stuff but I just do n't do that stuff . I was like , ' I guess we 'll go to the beach , because that 's something I would do if I had time and was n't so lazy ? ' " Moss says as she and New York 's reporter drive to the beach . But she does like watching shows like Scandal and Nashville in her free time -- a woman after our own heart ! She does n't want to talk to you about Scientology Her affiliation with the church is well-known , but she 's done addressing it -- even to her friends . "  I said what it meant to me , and anyone can go and look at that if they want to know what I feel . But now it 's private , off limits . " Fred Armisen was ... not the best husband "  It was extremely traumatic and awful and horrible , " Moss says of her marriage to the comedian , which lasted eight months .  The couple separated in 2010 .  "  At the same time , it turned out for the best . I 'm glad that I 'm not there . I 'm glad that it did n't happen when I was 50 . I 'm glad I did n't have kids . And I got that out of the way . Hopefully . Like , that 's probably not going to happen again . " Head over to NYMag.com to read the entire profile . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The actress says she watches a lot of TV She says the cast of "  Mad Men " play games in their spare time Moss says marriage to Fred Armisen was "  traumatic "
CNN  -- An international judge has resigned from the special court set up in Cambodia to try people accused of committing atrocities under the Khmer Rouge in the 1970s , saying his Cambodian counterpart was obstructing efforts to investigate cases . The resignation by Laurent Kasper-Ansermet , announced Monday , is the second departure of an international judge from the court in the past six months amid tensions with local officials . His predecessor , Siegfried Blunk , resigned as international co-investigating judge in October , complaining that statements by Cambodian government ministers about two of the court 's cases threatened to undermine proceedings . Those same two cases , known as Cases 003 and 004 , are at the heart of the dispute between Kasper-Ansermet and You Bunleng , the national co-investigating judge for the court . "  Judge You Bunleng 's active opposition to investigations into Cases 003 and 004 has led to a dysfunctional situation , " Kasper-Ansermet said in a statement attributed to him on the court 's website . Prosecutors for the court filed submissions in September 2009 asking the judges to begin investigating five people , whose names have not been disclosed publicly . The submissions were divided into Cases 003 and 004 . Based on a French concept , the two investigating judges of the court , one international and one Cambodian , are responsible for collecting evidence to decide whether people charged by prosecutors should be brought to trial . Kasper-Ansermet , a Swiss citizen , said You Bunleng had "  constantly contested " his authority to investigate the two cases . He said You Bunleng had refused to discuss the cases with him during an informal meeting and had also issued written orders to him demanding that he immediately cease his "  unlawful activity . " Kasper-Ansermet "  considers that the present circumstances no longer allow him to properly and freely perform his duties , " according to the statement , which said his resignation will take effect May 4 . You Bunleng was not immediately available for comment on the matter . The tribunal , known as the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia , began its work in 2007 after a decade of on-and-off negotiations between the United Nations and Cambodia over the structure and functioning of the court . In 2010 , it issued its first verdict , convicting Kaing Guek Eav , commonly known by his alias , Duch , of war crimes , crimes against humanity , murder and torture . At least 1.7 million people -- nearly a quarter of Cambodia 's population -- died under the 1975-1979 Khmer Rouge regime from execution , disease , starvation and overwork , according to the Documentation Center of Cambodia . Opening statements in the court 's second trial , Case 002 , began in November . In that trial , four former Khmer Rouge government ministers face charges of crimes against humanity and genocide .	Two international judges have resigned in the past 6 months from the court They have complained of difficulties with Cambodian officials The problems concern the investigation of two cases yet to come to trial The court was set up to try serious crimes committed under the Khmer Rouge
CNN  At first glance , Mugly -- a 10-year-old Chinese crested dog -- is a rather unappealing and unfortunate-looking animal . With a few random hairs protruding from his snout , a pair of squinty , beady eyes and thin , patchy skin , his genetics did n't do much for his exterior . But beauty is n't skin deep . And that is exactly what photographer Bego Anton wants to portray through her pictures of Mugly . "  Ugly Mugly is a reflection on how we relate to our pets and how what is close and important to us can change our perceptions on terms such as beauty , " Anton said . Bev Nicholson is the owner of Mugly and five other dogs . None of the five is as provocative-looking as Mugly , yet he is her prized possession in more ways than one -- if his tiny outfits were n't already telling of her immense love . Along with winning the "  World 's Ugliest Dog " contest in 2012 and being declared "  Great Britain 's Ugliest Dog " by a national newspaper in 2005 , Mugly works as a therapy dog in a local hospital and attends a ton of charity events . He helps raise money for small dog rescues in the United Kingdom -- like the one where Nicholson found him . He visits schools and takes part in the "  Read to Dogs " program , where reluctant students can read to him without the fear of judgment and receive encouragement through his affection . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Mugly has also appeared on television too many times to count , and he 's even been to Parliament to switch on the Christmas lights . "  Mugly 's life is far from being an ordinary dog 's life , " Anton said . "  He is more like a movie star . " When Anton first decided to profile the dog , she thought he was ugly , too , she admits . But after spending a week with him , she said , "  I discovered a sweet and lovable dog . " She even called him the B-word : beautiful . Nicholson knew right away this dog was special . Anton could tell there was a wonderful chemistry between them . "  I 've never seen such an understanding between a human and her pet , " she said . "  They love each other so much and are capable of understanding each other with just one look . " Bego Anton is a Spanish photographer . You can follow her on Facebook .	Photographer Bego Anton spent time with Mugly , the "  World 's Ugliest Dog " in 2012 She found that despite his unfortunate exterior , Mugly is living the life of a movie star He also gives back to the community , working as a therapy dog and helping children to read
Washington  CNN  -- The Justice Department on Tuesday defended its decision to subpoena phone records from Associated Press bureaus and reporters , saying the requests were limited and necessary to investigate a leak of classified information . The AP revealed Monday that federal agents had collected two months of telephone records for some of its reporters and editors without notifying it of the subpoena . In a letter to Gary Pruitt , the news service 's president , Deputy Attorney General James Cole said the Justice Department had balanced the public 's right to know with national security . "  Any subpoena that is issued should be drawn as narrowly as possible , be directed at relevant information regarding a limited subject matter and should cover a reasonably limited period of time , " Cole wrote . "  We are required to negotiate with the media organization in advance of issuing the subpoenas unless doing so would pose a substantial threat to the integrity of the investigation . We take this policy , and the interests that it is intended to protect , very seriously and followed it in this matter . " Justice officials have n't specified the leak that triggered the probe , but the AP has said it believes the investigation focuses on its account of a foiled plot to bomb a U.S. airliner in May 2012 . AP blasts feds for phone records search In response to Cole , Pruitt wrote that government officials "  assured us that the national security concerns had passed " before it ran the story . "  Indeed , the White House was preparing to publicly announce that the bomb plot had been foiled , " Pruitt wrote . "  The White House had said there was no credible threat to the American people in May of 2012 . The AP story suggested otherwise , and we felt that was important information and the public deserved to know it . " Speaking Tuesday evening to CNN 's Erin Burnett , AP Executive Editor Kathleen Carroll said the news service is "  shocked " by what unfolded . "  We 've never seen anything along the size and scope of this particular investigation , " she said . In all , federal agents collected records from more than 20 lines , including personal phones and AP phone numbers in New York ; Hartford , Connecticut ; and Washington , he wrote in a letter of protest to Attorney General Eric Holder . Among those staffers whose phone records were subpoenaed was the news service 's Washington bureau chief , Sally Buzbee , AP spokeswoman Ellen Hale said Tuesday . Investigators sought call records from five other reporters and an editor , the AP reported Monday . Carroll said the phone lines were used by about 100 journalists , casting a "  very broad net " of AP operations "  that have , as far as I know , no particular connection to the story that they  authorities  seem to be investigating . " Holder said Tuesday that he had stepped aside to avoid any potential conflict of interest in the case and left the decision to subpoena the phone records to Cole . He said his recusal was necessary because he had been questioned by FBI agents as part of the leak probe and wanted to make sure "  that the investigation was seen as independent . " The story the AP says is at the center of the probe broke the news that the CIA had thwarted an al Qaeda plot to blow up a U.S.-bound jetliner around the anniversary of the killing of Osama bin Laden by American commandos . Sources later told CNN that the operative who was supposed to have carried the bomb had been inserted into al Qaeda 's Yemeni affiliate by Saudi intelligence , and that the device had been handed over to U.S. analysts . Holder said the leak being investigated was one of the most serious he has ever seen . "  It put the American people at risk , and that 's not hyperbole , " he said . "  It put the American people at risk , and finding who was responsible for that required very aggressive action . " It 's not the first time the Justice Department has taken flak for seeking the phone records of an AP reporter . In 2002 , Iowa Sen. Charles Grassley criticized the department for its subpoenas of John Solomon , an AP writer who had written about an investigation into then-Sen . Robert Torricelli , D-New Jersey . The subpoena also spurred a protest from the journalism association Investigative Reporters and Editors . The Obama administration has launched several high-profile leak probes , leading to the prosecution of two government employees accused of revealing classified information . Thomas Drake , a former National Security Agency official , was sentenced to one year of probation and 240 hours of community service in 2011 , while former CIA officer John Kiriakou was sentenced to 30 months in prison after admitting to identifying a covert intelligence officer . Documentary filmmaker Robert Greenwald , whose previous movies have criticized the war in Iraq , Fox News and Walmart , called the administration 's pursuit of leakers "  an effort to silence and scare whistleblowers , and to get the press to be quiet and do what it wants them to do . " "  This is a systemic , continuing problem , " said Greenwald , whose latest film , "  War on Whistleblowers , " focuses on the issue . "  It 's not a one-off , and it 's not an accident , sadly . " CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said Monday that the subpoenas were likely legal , but go further than previous administrations in pursuing private information of journalists . "  I have never heard of a subpoena this broad , " Toobin said . The White House had no knowledge of any attempt by the Justice Department to seek the records , spokesman Jay Carney said Tuesday . "  We are not involved with the White House in any decisions made in connection with ongoing criminal investigations as those matters are handled appropriately by the Justice Department independently , " Carney told reporters at a news conference . Carney said the administration supports the right of the press to pursue investigative journalism , but said a balance must be struck between that right and national security interests . "  The president is a strong defender of the First Amendment and a firm believer in the need for the press to be unfettered in its ability to conduct investigative reporting and to facilitate a free flow of information , " Carney said . "  He also , of course , recognizes the need for the Justice Department to investigate alleged criminal activity without undue influence . " CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Carol Cratty , Kevin Bohn , Greg Botelho , Joe Sterling and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : AP exec : "  We 've never seen anything along the size and scope " of this probe AP says its Washington bureau chief was among those whose records were subpoenaed Deputy attorney general says leaks were limited and necessary Holder says the seriousness of the leak required "  very aggressive action "
CNN  -- Thanksgiving is a week away , but it 's hard to focus on the annual feast with all the ads for Black Friday sales and the Christmas decorations that have popped up everywhere in the past few weeks . Everywhere , that is , except Nordstrom . The department store is continuing its tradition of closing on Thanksgiving Day , even as retail giants like Macy 's , Walmart and Toys R Us plan to open that evening and Kmart 's doors will open at 6 on Thanksgiving morning . You also wo n't see any Christmas decorations or hear any carols in Nordstrom stores until after Thanksgiving . "  We wo n't be decking our halls until Friday , November 29 . Why ? We just like the idea of celebrating one holiday at a time , " the signs outside the stores read . The store has been posting these signs for at least 20 years , judging by news reports dating back to 1992 . And it apparently never gets old . CNN affiliate WWBT-TV in Richmond , Virginia , posted the sign on its Facebook page on Wednesday and invited followers to "  share if you agree . " Commenters mostly supported Nordstrom 's decision , saying , "  Thanksgiving is a time to share with your family , " and praising the store for "  going against the grain . " Others pointed out that some Nordstrom employees would still have to work on Thanksgiving to decorate the store and get ready for the Black Friday sales . What do you think ? Should stores close on Thanksgiving or do you like getting a head start on your shopping ? When should Christmas decorations go up ? Let us know in the comments below .	Nordstrom is continuing its tradition of closing on Thanksgiving Day Macy 's , Walmart , Toys R Us and others are beginning Black Friday sales on Thursday Kmart is opening at 6 a.m. on Thanksgiving Do the holidays start too early ? Let us know in the comments
KIEV , Ukraine  CNN  -- A planned missile defense system in Eastern Europe poses no threat to Russia , President George Bush said Tuesday , responding to concerns that the U.S. might use interceptor missiles for offensive purposes . President Bush , with President Viktor Yushchenko , praised Ukraine 's democratic and military reforms . "  The missile defense system is not aimed at Russia , " Bush said at a news conference in Kiev following talks with the Ukrainian president . "  It 's viewed as an anti-Russian device . Well , it 's not . " His comments came before he left Kiev for a NATO summit in Bucharest , Romania , that is expected to highlight divisions over the plan . The summit begins Wednesday . Russia and some European countries have expressed concerns about the missile defense system . While Poland and the Czech Republic have agreed to host parts of the system , others in Europe share Russian concerns that the defensive shield could be used for offensive aims . Outside the U.S. Embassy in Kiev on Monday , protesters gathered to denounce Bush 's visit . They chanted , thrust signs into the air -- one reading , "  Yankee Go Home " -- and burned an effigy of Bush in the street . Watch the demonstration " The U.S. has tried to dissuade opposition over the plan . Washington offered to allow Russian monitors at the missile sites and to negotiate limits to the system over time . The United States also told Russia the system would not be operational until Iran test-fires a missile that could threaten Europe . Many European countries do n't believe the U.S. assertion that the system is needed to guard against imminent threats from Iran or North Korea . Europe is dependent on Russia for at least 40 percent of its oil and is reluctant to upset the Kremlin . The issue will likely be divisive at this week 's three-day NATO summit , where Russian President Vladimir Putin plans to make a rare appearance . Putin normally declines invitations to attend . Bush is slated to meet Sunday with Putin in the Russian resort city of Sochi on the Black Sea , according to RIA Novosti . It will be the last meeting between the two men before the outgoing Russian president steps down , the Russian news agency reported . Russia also is unhappy with NATO 's eastward march . The alliance has already welcomed former Soviet republics such as Latvia , Lithuania and Estonia . Bush is pushing hard for Georgia and Ukraine to join NATO as well . Before leaving Tuesday for Bucharest , Bush said that Russia will not be able to veto Georgia 's or Ukraine 's inclusion into NATO . Bush said that both countries should be able to take part in NATO 's Membership Action Plan , or MAP , which is designed to help aspiring countries meet the requirements of joining the alliance . "  I strongly believe that Ukraine and Georgia should be given MAP , " Bush said . "  And there 's no tradeoffs , period . " The U.S. president further said he was working "  as hard as I can " to ensure the two countries are accepted into the MAP and that Russia will have no power to block their inclusion . In remarks last month , former U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Steven Pifer told the U.S. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe that NATO "  has long made clear that any decision regarding membership is between NATO and the country concerned , and not subject to veto by any third party . " Russia is not a NATO member but works with the alliance via the NATO-Russia Council . Russia 's concerns also align with those of some NATO members who oppose welcoming Georgia and Ukraine into the fold . Pifer said last month that NATO should strive to maintain good relations with Russia , but "  should not allow Moscow a veto , either explicit or tacit , over relations between the alliance and third countries . " Allowing Russia a say , Pifer said , "  would encourage those in Russia who wish to reassert a Russian-led post-Soviet bloc rather than develop a relationship of cooperation and full partnership with Europe and the West . " Bush said he phoned Putin recently to reassure him on both issues . "  NATO is an organization that 's peaceful . NATO is an organization that helps democracies flourish . And democracies are good things to have on your border , " Bush said he told Putin . Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko said his country should be able to start the NATO membership process . "  We are not speaking about joining NATO ; we are only speaking about MAP , " he said at the news conference . "  Why should Ukraine be deprived of that sovereign right , since the principle of open doors is the basic principle for NATO ? " Bush added that Ukraine already contributes to NATO missions , specifically in Iraq , Afghanistan and Kosovo . Ukraine also has demonstrated a commitment to democracy , he said . Responding to a reporter 's question , Bush denied that the United States might ease off on membership plans for Ukraine and Georgia if Russia acquiesces on the missile shield . Both issues threaten to destabilize NATO , said Jane Sharp of the Center for War Studies at King 's College London , but she has heard particularly sharp criticism of the missile defense plan . "  Somebody in the UK Ministry of Defense said to me , ` We are being dragged along on this missile defense thing to the American trough like pigs with rings in our noses , ' " Sharp said . "  It 's a nuisance for Europeans , and I think they are irritated with the Czechs and the Poles for trying to do deals with the Americans . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : Bush : Russia ca n't veto Georgia 's , Ukraine 's inclusion in NATO 's MAP program European countries share doubts that system is designed to deter Iran , North Korea U.S. president says he will push for Ukraine , Georgia to join NATO Analyst says both issues threaten to destabilize NATO
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Declaring victory in Nevada 's Republican presidential caucuses on Saturday , Mitt Romney again turned away from his GOP rivals and toward President Barack Obama . CNN projects that Romney will win the Nevada Republican presidential caucuses , based on results and entrance polling . With 71 % of the votes counted , Romney held about 48 % of the vote , while former House Speaker Newt Gingrich had 23 % and Rep. Ron Paul had 18 % . Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum , who had largely bypassed the state , had 11 % of the vote . Those numbers were gathered from vote counters at caucus sites across the state and the state 's Republican Party . See full Nevada results Romney thanked supporters at his campaign headquarters in Las Vegas , telling them , "  This is n't the first time you gave me your vote of confidence , but this time I 'm going to take it to the White House , " alluding to his win in Nevada in 2008 . But then he turned his attention to Obama , saying Nevada has had enough of his kind of help in fixing its home mortgage crisis and that he failed at bringing down unemployment . Entering the race as front-runner , Romney had largely ignored his Republican rivals and focused on Obama . But as Gingrich rose to challenge him in polls , he was forced to address the other candidates in the race . His victory speech was a one-on-one with Obama . "  This president began his presidency by apologizing for America . He should now be apologizing to America , " Romney told cheering supporters . The only allusion to GOP opponents Romney made was when he told supporters that he was the only one who could fix the economy , "  unlike other people running for president . " Rather than the traditional post-vote speech , Gingrich held a news conference in which he accused the Romney campaign of spreading rumors that he would drop out of the race , calling it "  their greatest fantasy . " Gingrich reaffirmed his commitment to stay in the race , saying , "  We will continue all the way to Tampa , " where the Republican National Convention will be held in August . Gingrich aides had said that he would outline a new campaign strategy that would be more positive . But while his tone with reporters was cordial , the message was n't . Although he called his opponent a "  Massachusetts moderate " instead of a "  Massachusetts liberal " as he has in the past , Gingrich said he believed he was the alternative to Romney , "  who has in his career been pro-abortion , pro-gun control , pro-tax increase , and who ranks third from the bottom in creating jobs in the four years he was governor . " Gingrich downplayed the Nevada results , pointing out that Romney , a Mormon , did well in "  a very heavily Mormon state , a state which he carried in 2008 . " He said Paul has a "  substantial advantage " in any caucus state because of his organization . Gingrich said he wanted to run a more positive campaign , but that negative attacks were part of the game . "  I stayed relentlessly positive in Iowa , and I lost by 22 points , " he said . "  I think it 's terrible the American system is reduced to negative ads , some of them false . " "  But it 's a fact , if you 're not willing to stand and fight , you have to get out of the race . " Gingrich said he intends to compete for the GOP nomination in every state and will be matching Romney in the polls by the Texas primary on April 3 . "  In a few more weeks I 'll be ahead in Gallup again , " Gingrich predicted . Romney 's Nevada win makes him the first GOP candidate in this cycle to score back-to-back wins . The former Massachusetts governor appeared to win in the Iowa caucuses , but the contest was later awarded to Santorum when the vote was certified . Romney scored a big win in New Hampshire but was then stunned in South Carolina by Gingrich . Romney scored a 14-point victory over Gingrich and the rest of the field in Tuesday 's Florida primary and entered Saturday 's contest with a sizable lead in polls . The caucuses were open only to the state 's more than 470,000 registered Republicans . Nevada 's 28 delegates will be awarded proportionately based on the statewide vote . Polls leading up to the vote had shown Gingrich trailing far behind Romney . At one point , in the wake of his poor showing in the Florida primary , Gingrich advisers said he would concede the state and look down the road to more friendly states that vote in the March 6 Super Tuesday contests . But ultimately he chose to campaign in Nevada and did n't appear to make up much ground on Romney . As the votes were being counted , a leading Romney backer in Nevada was calling for Gingrich to drop out of the race instead of continuing to divide the party . Nevada Rep. Joe Heck , who has been closely allied with Romney since his 2008 presidential bid , said the results of the caucuses should be a wake-up call for Gingrich . "  I hope he takes the message that it 's time to withdraw gracefully and not continue to divide the party , " Heck told reporters in Las Vegas , shortly before the first caucus results were announced . While Romney 's campaign and his network of supporters have voiced concerns about Gingrich 's threat to remain in the race for the long haul , there has not yet been a chorus of Republican leaders publicly asking him to drop out . Heck was not as insistent , however , when asked if Paul should also bow out for the good of the party . Paul should quit when it becomes apparent that there is "  enough critical mass in terms of delegates , " he said , probably sometime after Super Tuesday . Establishment Republicans fear that the longer the campaign goes on , the more the vitriol between Gingrich and Romney will result in a damaged nominee and give Democrats ammunition from Republicans themselves . Gingrich is n't expected to do well in the contests in February , but he could rebound on Super Tuesday , where he 'll find friendlier voters in contests in Georgia , which he represented in Congress , Tennessee , and Oklahoma . The former House speaker 's stunning victory in the South Carolina primary -- in which he erased Romney 's double-digit lead in polls two weeks before the vote to win by double digits -- propelled Gingrich to the lead in national polls . But Romney and groups that support him bombarded Gingrich with negative ads and attack stump speeches , questioning everything from his ethics to his mental stability , and toppled him going into Florida . Asked Saturday night about the Romney campaign 's tactics , Romney 's son Josh said there were no regrets within the campaign about Romney 's criticism of his rival . Politics is "  a tough sport , " Josh Romney said . While Romney and Gingrich spent caucus night in Nevada , both Paul and Santorum are looking ahead to Tuesday caucus states -- Paul to Minnesota and Santorum to Colorado . Missouri also votes in a nonbinding primary on Tuesday . Asked about how long his campaign could run , Paul said even if he wanted to drop out of the race ahead of the convention , he could n't because there would be a "  strong rebellion with my friends . " "  But we 're doing so well there 's no reason to think about that , " Paul added . Campaigning in Colorado , Santorum told CNN that he expects to win one of the three events next week in Colorado , Minnesota and Missouri . "  I expect to win the nomination , " Santorum said . "  I feel very good about how it is going . This race is a long way from being over . " The Silver State could almost be considered home-field advantage for Romney . He won the caucuses here four years ago in his first bid for the GOP nomination , grabbing 51 % of the vote , far ahead of Paul , who was in second place at 14 % . Romney won the endorsement Thursday of real estate mogul and reality TV star Donald Trump , who last year flirted with his own bid for the White House . Trump is a well-known figure in Las Vegas and his outspoken criticism of Obama has made him popular with some tea party activists and grass-roots conservatives . The state 's strong tea party movement should have been Gingrich 's trump card in Nevada , but supporters seemed divided between Gingrich , Paul and Santorum -- who landed the endorsement of Sharron Angle , the tea party-supported Republican Senate nominee who came close to unseating Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid in the 2010 midterm elections . The division of tea party supporters only helps Romney . Gingrich started up operations in Nevada much later than Romney and has been playing catch-up since . He does have some major allies in the state , including billionaire casino magnate Sheldon Adelson , who along with his family has contributed millions of dollars to an independent pro-Gingrich super PAC . The Silver State wo n't be in the rearview mirror of presidential politics for too long . Nevada is a battleground state in the general election , having voted for the winning presidential candidate 10 out of the last 11 elections . Obama beat McCain by 12 points here in 2008 . CNN 's Jim Acosta , Chelsea Carter , Candy Crowley , Phil Gans , Peter Hamby and Gabriella Schwarz contributed to this report	In victory speech , Romney again focuses on Obama rather than rivals Gingrich says he 's in race for the duration and predicts he 'll be competitive Rep. Ron Paul and former Sen. Rick Santorum looking ahead to other contests
CNN  -- Captain Michael Clarke insisted team success was more important than individual landmarks after his record-breaking 329 not out helped Australia strengthen their grip on the second Test against India on Thursday . Clarke 's career-best knock was the highest in the Sydney Cricket Ground 's history , with the hosts eventually declaring on 659 for the loss of four wickets . He was five runs short of the second-highest total by an Australian , held by Don Bradman and Mark Taylor , and in sight of Brian Lara 's world record of 400 . "  I 'm stoked that I 've managed to make 300-odd runs but the most important thing for me is that we win the Test , " the 30-year-old told Cricket Australia 's official website at the end of day three . "  That was a big part of the reason for my declaration ... I did n't think about it  the records  at all . It was about getting the team to a number , a total . "  I did n't expect to score 300 runs in one innings . All the other records ... well , I 'm happy where I sit . " Clarke is the sixth Australian to hit a triple century , with Matthew Hayden 's 380 the leading score . The middle-order batsman was ably assisted by veteran Michael Hussey as the 36-year-old reached 150 not out on a day when Australia lost no wickets . "  Once ` Huss ' got 150 we had a 450-run lead , I thought it 's a good time to pull up stumps and try to get a couple of wickets tonight , " said Clarke . India reached 114-2 at the start of their second innings , ending the day 354 runs behind Australia 's huge total with two days to play . "  There 's nothing to lose , in the sense that we 're so far behind now , " India batsman Rahul Dravid conceded . "  Everyone 's got to go out and play and not even think about drawing the game or anything like that . "  Just go out there and look to play , just bat as long as you can and who knows . I think the key obviously for us is to keep them on the field for long periods of time . " The tourists lost Virender Sehwag for four runs when he was caught by David Warner off the fast bowling of Ben Hilfenhaus . Dravid , the second highest run scorer in Tests behind teammate Sachin Tendulkar , was also dismissed by Hilfenhaus for 29 . Opener Gautam Gambhir remained at the crease on 68 , with Tendulkar on eight as he continued his quest for a 100th century in international cricket . Australia lead the four-match series 1-0 , after victory in the opening Test in Melbourne . Meanwhile , South Africa took 12 wickets as they continued to dominate on day three of the decisive third Test against Sri Lanka in Cape Town . Sri Lanka started the day 431 runs behind South Africa , but added just 90 for their last eight first-innings wickets . Fast-bowling duo Morne Morkel and Vernon Philander ripped into Sri Lanka 's batting line-up , with South Africa able to enforce the follow - on after the tourists could only make 239 in response to the hosts 580 . South Africa kept up the pressure at the start of the second innings , with Mark Boucher catching opener Tillakaratne Dilshan off the bowling of Philander to leave Sri Lanka struggling on 12-1 . Sri Lanka then lost Lahiru Thirimanne for 30 and wicketkeeper Kumar Sangakkara for 34 , before first-innings hero Jacques Kallis caught Mahela Jayawardene to hand Morkel the final wicket of the day 's play . Sri Lanka were 138-4 at the close of play , leaving South Africa with a healthy lead of 203 and two days to take the six wickets they need to wrap up a 2-1 series win .	Michael Clarke hits an unbeaten 329 for Australia on day three of second Test The hosts lead India by 354 runs , with the tourists 114-2 in their second innings Clarke 's knock is the highest at the Sydney Cricket Ground , third highest by an Australian
Joint Base Lewis-McChord , Washington  CNN  -- A 7-year-old Afghan girl testified Sunday that she hid behind her father as he was shot and killed during a shooting rampage in southern Afghanistan that U.S. military prosecutors say was carried about by an American soldier . The girl , identified as Robina , was one of a handful of Afghan children called to testify via satellite during an evidentiary hearing held at Joint Base Lewis-McChord , near Tacoma , Washington to determine whether there is sufficient evidence to support the military 's case against Staff Sgt. Robert Bales . Bales is charged with 16 counts of premeditated murder and six counts of attempted murder in the March 11 predawn attack on two villages in southern Afghanistan 's Panjwai district . Afghan anger kept U.S. agents from killing scene The outcome of the Article 32 hearing will determine whether Bales , 39 , can be court-martialed or could even face the death penalty . Bales has not entered a plea in the case , though his attorneys have said he suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder and sustained a traumatic brain injury during a prior deployment to Iraq . Robina and another child were called to testify by Bales ' attorney , John Henry Brown , who appeared to try to establish discrepancies between their testimonies and those of survivors who took the stand a day earlier . Robina recounted via satellite from a base in Kandahar province how in the early morning hours a gunman came into her family 's compound near Camp Belambay , a small U.S. outpost . Her father , she said , cursed when he was shot in the legs . Then he was shot in the throat and the chest , she said . One of the bullets also hit her in the leg . "  I did n't realize I was shot until later , " she said . Stunned friends recall good deeds of suspect Another 7-year-old testified she was wounded during the rampage , shot in the head by a man who she described as wearing tan pants and a black t-shirt . Survivors who took the stand on Saturday described the shooter as an American wearing camouflage pants and a tan t-shirt . Brown also questioned the testimony of an Army criminal investigator , who interviewed a victim 's wife , who said two American soldiers broke into her home during the rampage . Other witnesses have testified there was only one gunman , and the Army contends Bales acted alone . Afghan villagers describe slaying 's horror CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	A 7-year-old girl describes hiding behind her father as he is shot and killed The defense attorney raises discrepancies in the testimony of investigators Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales is accused of killing 16 Afghan villagers
Ahmed Abu Khatallah , the man the U.S. accuses of being the ringleader in the deadly 2012 attack on the American diplomatic mission in Benghazi , Libya , pleaded not guilty Saturday during a brief appearance in federal court in Washington . Abu Khatallah , with long graying hair and a beard , spoke quietly in Arabic with a translator as he was charged with one count of providing material support to terrorists . A federal grand jury returned a single-count indictment Thursday in connection with attacks that killed four Americans , including U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens . Standing before U.S. Magistrate Judge John M. Facciola , Abu Khatallah appeared subdued and briefly looked around the nearly full courtroom . Wearing a dark gray hooded track suit and sandals , the defendant addressed the court only once to say his name in a barely audible voice . Abu Khatallah was appointed a public defender , Michele Peterson , who entered a not guilty plea . He was ordered to remain in custody until hearings set for July 2 and July 8 . "  Now that Ahmed Abu Khatallah has arrived in the United States , he will face the full weight of our justice system , " U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said . "  We will prove , beyond a reasonable doubt , the defendant 's alleged role in the attack that killed four brave Americans in Benghazi . " Abu Khatallah was indicted by a federal grand jury on a charge of "  conspiracy to provide material support and resources to terrorists , knowing and intending that these would be used in preparation for and in carrying out a killing in the course of an attack on a federal facility , and the offense resulted in death , " according to Holder 's statement . The single count is part of a legal strategy by federal prosecutors , who plan to file additional charges later , according to U.S. officials . The aim is to delay releasing to the public and Abu Khatallah 's lawyer the FBI affidavit detailing the evidence the government has against him . The investigation is ongoing and the Justice Department can bring additional charges , the statement said . An earlier criminal complaint in July 2013 said the FBI believed it had evidence to charge him with murder and firing a weapon at the scene of the Benghazi attacks . Those additional charges , if formally added , could bring the death penalty . In his court appearance , Abu Khatallah , a Libyan national who the government said is about 43 , requested consular assistance from the Libyan government . U.S. authorities were working with Libyan embassy officials in Washington to provide him the assistance . He had been interrogated aboard the USS New York after being captured earlier this month . Though he was interrogated both before and after he had been advised of his Miranda rights , he provided information to interrogators after being advised of those rights , a U.S. official told CNN . On Saturday , he was flown by helicopter from the ship , an amphibious transport dock , to the nation 's capital and driven to the federal courthouse . After the hearing , Abu Khatallah was taken away under armed guard from the federal courthouse in downtown Washington , a few blocks from the U.S. Capitol and near the White House . He was then moved to the detention center in Alexandria , Virginia , which is across the Potomac River from the capital . Authorities say Abu Khatallah is among the senior leaders of Ansar al Sharia , whose members were among several militias that participated in the attacks on U.S. government facilities in Benghazi on September 11-12 , 2012 . The attacks spawned a political controversy in the United States because some Republican lawmakers claim the Obama administration tried to mislead the public about them and should have done more to prevent them . The GOP critics say they plan to make Benghazi an issue for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , under whose watch the attacks occurred , should she decide to run for president . The criminal investigation led by the FBI has been extraordinarily challenging , authorities say , in part because lack of Libyan government control in the city prevented investigators from visiting the crime scene for weeks . U.S. officials , however , say they collected surveillance video , phone eavesdropping and witness statements to bring charges against Abu Khatallah and others involved . They are charged in a criminal complaint in federal court in Washington . Abu Khatallah became the face of the militant attack , and a top target for the U.S. , after he cultivated a celebrity profile in the wake of the attacks , meeting with journalists and granting interviews . He denied to CNN 's Arwa Damon that he participated in the attacks . U.S. military commandos captured Abu Khatallah in a nighttime raid June 15-16 . U.S. intelligence assets concocted a ruse to lure him to a villa where the Americans surprised him . The commandos , accompanied by several FBI agents , came ashore by boat and quickly took him away . He remained on the USS New York , undergoing questioning by a team from the FBI-led High-Value Detainee Interrogation Group , until he was taken to court on Saturday . Timeline of the Benghazi attack What 's next for Benghazi terror suspect ? Benghazi ` mastermind ' captured without a single shot	Ahmed Abu Khatallah was moved to a detention center in northern Virginia Abu Khatallah and others are charged in a criminal complaint in federal court An FBI-led team has been interrogating Abu Khatallah aboard the USS New York He is suspected of being the ringleader of the September 2012 attacks in Benghazi , Libya
CNN  -- The threat of increasing loan rates on future college students has become the newest political cudgel . It should n't be . Lowering interest rates on subsidized student loans does little to address the real problems of higher education : rising tuition costs and diminishing returns . First , let 's remember how we got here . After taking back control of Congress in 2007 , then-Speaker Nancy Pelosi passed legislation that temporarily lowered the interest rates on the federally subsidized Stafford Loans from 6.8 % to 3.4 % . The extension would last until July 2012 , when the rates double to 6.8 % , partly as a budget trick to offset the original costs . The Washington Post 's editorial board called the whole ordeal "  a campaign gimmick that Democrats cooked up to help them retake Congress in 2006 . ... It 's expensive , it 's poorly targeted and it diverts attention and money from bigger problems facing federal support for higher education . " With the rates set to expire in the middle of this election season , Democrats knew full well they could use the threat of rising interest rates against Republicans . They 've done exactly that . "  Today you 've got Republicans who run Congress , and they 're not saying whether or not they 're going to stop your rates from doubling , " President Obama said at the University of Colorado last week . Feeling the political heat , House Republicans as well as Mitt Romney agreed to extend the low interest rates . That 's unfortunate . Republicans need not be on the defensive . How does the president plan to pay for the $ 6 billion subsidy ? And how will it help control tuition costs ? So far it has n't . In 2011 , costs at the average public university rose more than 5 % for in-state students , or about $ 1,100 . The average tuition at public universities rose more than 8 % . By comparison , the rate of inflation was 3 % . Furthermore , only about a third of undergraduates have subsidized Stafford Loans and the interest rates for existing loans wo n't be touched . The average student with Stafford Loans graduates with about $ 13,000 in debt , much lower than the national average of $ 25,000 . If the current rate doubles , they would pay about $ 2,600 more over 10 years . The effect of doubling the rates from 3.4 % to 6.8 % is minute when compared to the lifetime earnings of a person with a bachelor 's degree  approximately $ 2.27 million  to a person with just a high school diploma  $ 1.3 million  . Perhaps most important , extending the low interest rates will not lower tuition costs for the students who need it most . The Stafford Loans largely fund the tuition of middle - and upper-class students on the backs of taxpayers . Pell Grants , the federal assistance to the poorest students , should be the real focus of discussion . If Congress continues to subsidize low interest rates , they are handing the problem , and the mountain of debt , to future generations . In fact , they are passing on the debt to the very group of people they are trying to help : college students . With the federal government backing low interest rates , colleges have no incentive to lower tuition . Instead , the rates should be variable and tied to the market , not set by the government . The real problem here is the colleges and their unholy alliance with the federal government . Here 's what the president should be saying : The college system is largely failing students and taxpayers . Colleges continue to raise their prices despite record increases in federal subsidies . Between 1982 and 2007 , college tuition and fees rose more than 400 %  about four times the rate of inflation  Today , the average student loan debt exceeds $ 25,000 and total student loan debt exceeds $ 1 trillion . Less than 60 % of college students finish college in six years or less . One out of every two college graduates today are unemployed or underemployed . The system overspends and underperforms . It 's unlikely that President Obama would ever say this . After all , he holds the system in his hands . Last year , in one of the most underreported political moves of his term , the Obama administration took over the student loan industry , cutting out private competition from banks . Taxpayers are now directly responsible for higher tuition costs and the resulting large amount of defaulted student loans . In 2010 , total student loan debt exceeded credit card debt . It may not be long before this bubble bursts , hurting the very students who need help the most . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	William Bennett : Lowering interest on student loans does n't bring down college costs Bennett : The issue has become the newest political cudgel He asks : How does President Obama plan to pay for the $ 6 billion subsidy ? Bennett : Government needs to stop subsidizing low interest rates
Washington  CNN  -- The campaign to feed the world 's poor will get some much needed star power Friday when Bono , co-founder of the global advocacy organization ONE , arrives to rally leaders of the Group of Eight industrialized nations to take action . While the crisis in the eurozone will no doubt top the agenda when the G8 leaders gather Friday for a two-day summit , the talks will also tackle the issue of food security and ways to feed a growing world population . At their annual summit in L'Aquila , Italy , in 2009 , leaders pledged to provide $ 20 billion to fight hunger in the developing world over three years . Since then , U.S. President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton have embraced food security as a signature foreign policy issue , working to support farmers in Africa and other developing countries to improve agriculture . Now , those 2009 commitments are set to expire . In an age of shrinking aid budgets with fewer resources available , donor governments ca n't solve the problem of world hunger alone . Rajiv Shah , administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development , said in an interview that major gains have been made in reducing hunger in most of the world , with the exception of sub-Saharan Africa . While he said the private sector has been interested in developing the African market , companies have been reluctant because of corruption and a lack of infrastructure . "  They had the sense leaders are not committed , " Shah said of the private sector . Since L'Aquila , 30 African governments have developed internationally endorsed plans for investment in food security and agricultural development . Their commitment to policy reforms to create a better climate for investors , Shah said , has created an interest in investing , with a focus on small farms . "  These policy reform commitments are unlocking the potential of agriculture to explode and ending the perception of Africa , " Shah said . "  African leaders are replacing the vision of hunger with growth and opportunity . " Before a G8 session at the summit on food security with the leaders of Benin , Ethiopia , Ghana and Tanzania , Bono will join Obama , Clinton and other leaders in government , business , nonprofits and academia to discuss goals for eradicating world hunger Obama will address the symposium in Washington of the Chicago Council on Global Affairs , where administration officials say he will unveil a new G8 food security "  alliance " to advance global agricultural development in Africa that includes the private sector and other key players . "  We have recognized that it is eight to 10 times more expensive to feed people when they are in crisis than it does to help farmers feed themselves and build better resources , " Shah said . "  If we can be innovative in the private sector , we can have much better outcomes . " Over the last several months , Shah said , the effort has secured more than $ 3 billion in concrete private investment commitments , almost half of which came from African companies . On Friday , Shah said , 35 companies are expected to make additional commitments for projects ranging from manufacturing fertilizer plants and building storage facilities to providing mobile phones to help farmers use mobile banking and other services to cut out middlemen and become part of a cash economy . "  Historically , the private sector has not been as active in the agriculture space as it should be , but that is starting to change " said Ben Leo , global policy director of the ONE Campaign . "  There is enormous potential when you have donor countries and the private sector working with African government in support of these country plans . That is where magic can happen . " Advocacy groups hope the G8 will shift its focus from money to meeting concrete goals on hunger and nutrition , including lifting 50 million people out of poverty and preventing stunted development of 15 million children over the next 10 years . While praising the efforts of the private sector and recognizing the potential multiplier effect , some advocacy groups voice concern that without the involvement of nongovernmental organizations , the resources will not reach the poorest who are most in need . Sam Worthington , the head of InterAction , an alliance of U.S.-based relief and development groups , says the focus should be on small plots of land for farmers to feed their families and have disposable income to participate in the local economy . "  Africa is becoming a big new market . How that market is developed will make a big difference in the lives of its poorest farmers , " he said . "  You will need multinational companies to drive the development of the market , but you will need just as much the voice of local groups providing checks and balances to help ensure the market is supporting the needs of local shareholders . "	Europe 's crisis will top G8 meeting agenda Friday , but talks will also focus on world hunger As commitments expire , donor governments wo n't be able to solve hunger problem alone 30 African governments have food security , agricultural development investment plans They have created an interest in investing , with a focus on small farms , USAID official says
CNN  -- A U.S. drone strike on a vehicle just outside the capital of Sanaa killed six suspected al-Qaeda militants Wednesday night , three Yemeni Defense Ministry officials told CNN . The strike took place in Al-Masna ' a village of Khawlan district , 35 kilometers southeast of the capital . Three of the killed were senior members of al Qaeda , two of whom were Saudi nationals , the officials said . Security teams were deployed to the scene , one of the officials said . "  Yemen needs stability and these militants must be killed if Yemen has a chance to stabilize , " said a Defense Ministry official who spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to talk to media . He said that more strikes will continue and that al Qaeda is living its weakest days in Yemen . "  The militants know that no place in Yemen is safe for them anymore , even in areas close to the capital Sana'a , " he added . The United States views Yemen as being on the front line of the war on al Qaeda . Yemen is adjacent to Saudi Arabia , and chaos in Yemen could disrupt oil supplies and upset world energy markets . Eyewitnesses told CNN that three missiles were used in the attack after the first missed its target . Flames from the attack burned for more than an hour . Khawlan is one of the most lawless areas in the country and al Qaeda uses it as a traveling route to numerous parts of the country , local tribal leaders said . "  There is no government presence in many parts of Khawlan . No security forces , checkpoints , military presence or police stations , " said Ahmed Obad al-Shuraif , a top tribal chief in Khawlan . The attack was the 8th reported by a U.S. drone over in the last four days in Yemen , the Defense Ministry officials said . When Yemen 's 2011 uprising led to the al Qaeda invasion of Abyan -- the southern province of Yemen -- Washington was quick to call on newly elected President Abdo Rabu Mansour Hadi to set his house in order and address militarily the threat posed by al-Qaeda in the country . But drone strikes missed targets on a couple of occasions , resulting in civilian casualties and strong criticism from the Yemeni government . The latest string of criticism came from Human Rights Minister Hooria Mashour , who said that due to civilian deaths she was in favor of changing the anti-terrorism strategy . "  All we are calling for is justice and reliance on international regulations with regard to human rights and to be true to our commitment to our citizens in that they all deserve a fair trial , " Mashour said .	Drone strike hits vehicle Six suspected militants are killed , officials say Attack occurred in area believed used by al Qaeda
Washington  CNN  An off-duty member of the Uniformed Division of Secret Service was arrested Friday in Washington and charged with first-degree attempted burglary , a felony , and one misdemeanor count for destruction of property , the D.C. Metropolitan Police Department reported . Arthur Baldwin , 29 , was arrested at a woman 's residence in Southeast Washington , according to documents provided by the police department . He has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended , the Secret Service said . Baldwin is assigned to the Foreign Missions Branch , according to U.S. Secret Service Spokesman Brian Leary . That branch is responsible for working with the diplomatic community in Washington . A police officer went to a residence about 12:24 a.m. after receiving a call about a burglary in progress , police documents said . The officer found the front door with broken hinges , boot prints and two broken windows , the documents say . The woman who lives there told the officer , "  My ex-boyfriend wo n't leave me alone . " While the D.C. Metropolitan Police officer was at the scene , Baldwin drove up , said he was a police officer and asked to speak with the woman , the police document said . When asked if he kicked in the door , Baldwin said , "  I kicked the door but did not ... break the windows , " the document said . When a CNN reporter asked for a comment Friday during an arraignment , Baldwin said , "  No , you 'll get me in trouble . " His next court date is April 23 . The U.S. Attorney 's Office said the charge of attempted first-degree burglary carries a sentence of up to five years in prison . The charge of destruction of property carries a sentence of up to 180 days in jail and/or a fine of up to $ 1,000 . RELATED : Secret Service supervisor accused of making unwanted sexual advances The incident comes as the Secret Service is trying to mend its reputation after numerous issues concerning the discipline and professionalism of its officers have come to light recently . More specifics on this incident were not yet available . Leary also said the Secret Service 's "  Office of Professional Responsibility will investigate this matter . "	Off-duty member of the Uniformed Division of Secret Service arrested Friday Police said he was charged with trying to break into a woman 's residence
CNN  -- Whitney Houston , who ruled the pop charts during the 1980s and '90s , will be laid to rest Saturday following a funeral at her childhood church in Newark , New Jersey . Photos : Houston through the years A look back at key moments in Houston 's life as well as her last days : August 9 , 1963 Houston is born in Newark to gospel singer Cissy Houston . Her cousins include Dee Dee and Dionne Warwick ; Houston 's godmother was "  Queen of Soul " Aretha Franklin . She honed her vocal skills as a child at New Hope Baptist Church , where her mother was director of sacred music . "  Whitney 's mother and cousins nurtured her passion for gospel music since birth , " according to a biography on Houston 's website . "  As a teenager , Whitney was already singing on the scene in New York . " Also while in her teens , Houston sang backup for Chaka Khan on "  I 'm Every Woman , " a song Houston would re-record in 1992 that went on to become one of her biggest hits . Never-seen photos of a young Whitney Houston 1983 Arista Records ' Clive Davis is taken to a New York nightclub to see Houston perform ; he signs her on the spot . March 1985 Houston 's debut album , "  Whitney Houston " is released . It yields three consecutive No. 1 singles , "  Saving All My Love For You , " "  How Will I Know " and "  The Greatest Love of All . " The album sold more than 12 million copies in the United States and more abroad , according to Houston 's website , and set the record as the biggest-selling debut album by a solo artist . June 1987 Houston 's second album , "  Whitney , " is released and entered the Billboard album charts at No. 1 , according to Houston 's website . The nine-times-platinum album contains four No. 1 singles and establishes Houston and the only artist ever to have seven consecutive No. 1 hits . November 1990 Houston 's third album , "  I 'm Your Baby Tonight , " is released , selling some 8 million copies worldwide . January 27 , 1991 Houston sings "  The Star-Spangled Banner " at Super Bowl XXV before a record 79 million viewers . July 18 , 1992 Houston marries R&B singer Bobby Brown . November 1992 Houston appears with Kevin Costner in "  The Bodyguard . " The film 's soundtrack , featuring Houston 's smash hit -- a remake of the Dolly Parton single "  I Will Always Love You " -- went 17-times platinum , making it the biggest-selling motion picture soundtrack album in history . "  I Will Always Love You " becomes the biggest-selling commercial single in history . Houston 's film work continued , as she appeared in 1995 's "  Waiting to Exhale " and 1996 's "  The Preacher 's Wife . " The soundtrack to "  The Preacher 's Wife " becomes the biggest-selling gospel album in history , according to Houston 's website . In 1997 , she appeared as the Fairy Godmother in a made-for-television version of "  Cinderella . " March 4 , 1993 Houston gives birth to her daughter with Brown , Bobbi Kristina Brown . 1998 Houston releases "  My Love Is Your Love , " which earns her a Grammy but does not match the performance of her previous albums , according to Biography.com . Late 1990s and early 2000s Reports about Houston 's struggles with drug addiction , health problems and her rocky marriage with Brown begin to surface . Album sales drop off , and her voice begins to show signs of wear . 2002 In a now-infamous interview with ABC 's Diane Sawyer , Houston admitted to using drugs but denied using crack . "  Crack is wack , " she said , quoting a line from a mural painted in 1986 . In the same interview , Houston told Sawyer , "  The biggest devil is me . I 'm either my best friend or my worst enemy . " 2004 Filming begins on the short-lived reality show "  Being Bobby Brown , " featuring Brown and Houston , which aired in 2005 . "  The show aired during the worst years of the couple 's crumbling marriage ; drug use , lifestyle excess and bad behavior were all caught on tape , and Houston 's reputation sunk to new lows , " according to Biography.com . Houston later said she did the show to try to save her marriage . At some point , Houston 's mother , Cissy Houston , steps in . Houston told Oprah Winfrey in a 2009 interview that her mother arrived on her doorstep with sheriff 's officers and a court order for drug intervention . "  She walks in with the sheriff and she says : ' I have a court injunction here . You do it my way or we 're not going to do this at all , ' " Houston recalled in the interview . " ` You 're going to go on TV and you 're going to retire . And say you 're going to give this up because it 's not worth it . ' " Houston enters rehab and takes a long hiatus . 2006 Houston and Brown separate . They divorce the following year , and Houston receives sole custody of Bobbi Kristina . 2009 Houston releases "  I Look To You , " her first album in seven years . 2011-12 Houston works to turn her career around , working on the movie "  Sparkle , " the remake of a 1976 film said to be loosely inspired by the Supremes . The movie is set for release this summer . February 7 , 2012 Houston visits Dr. Shawn Nasseri , a Beverly Hills ear , nose and throat specialist , according to a source familiar with her visit . February 8 and 9 Houston is seen ordering and consuming considerable quantities of alcohol at the Beverly Hilton hotel before 10 a.m. , according to a source briefed on her behavior and activity in the days before her death . Guests on both days overhear Houston complaining loudly about her drinks , accusing bartenders of "  watering down " or "  putting too much ice " in them , the source said . Guests express concern about Houston 's erratic behavior , according to the source ; her disheveled appearance , including mismatched clothing , suggested to them that she was intoxicated . Houston is seen jumping in and out of the pool and doing somersaults in the pool area , the source said . February 9 Houston attends a pre-Grammys party to celebrate singer Kelly Price 's nominations . At one point , she joins Price on the stage and sings a hoarse rendition of "  Jesus Loves Me . "  Price said Monday that Houston was not behaving erratically and "  I did n't see someone who was high " although she said Houston did drink champagne . Photos of Houston leaving the party appeared to show her sweaty and somewhat disheveled , although Price attributed her "  messy " appearance to partygoers ' singing and dancing until the wee hours of Friday morning . February 10 Investigators are aware of Houston 's partying at the hotel and other venues the night before her death , a source close to the death investigation told CNN . February 11 Houston is set to attend Clive Davis ' pre-Grammys party at the Beverly Hilton . She is seen drinking at the hotel pool in the morning , according to the source briefed on her behavior and activity , but witnesses report she was not behaving erratically . 3:43 p.m. : Police and fire officials are summoned to Houston 's room after she is found unconscious in the room 's bathtub . 3:55 p.m. : Houston is pronounced dead at age 48 after efforts to revive her are unsuccessful . Houston 's death certificate  PDF February 12 An autopsy is performed on Houston 's body . The Los Angeles County coroner 's office has said a cause of death is undetermined pending the results of toxicology tests . February 13 Houston 's body is flown back to her native New Jersey for funeral services , set for noon Saturday at New Hope Baptist Church . CNN 's Don Lemon and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Pop superstar Whitney Houston 's funeral is set for Saturday Houston set numerous records during her musical and film career Singer dies at 48 after being found unconscious in a hotel room bathtub
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Viewers may have to get used to a steady stream of reruns now that television and film writers have gone on strike . Members of the Writers Guild of America manned picket lines Monday morning outside NBC studios at Rockefeller Plaza , carrying signs and yelling , on the first day of the Writers Guild of America 's strike against studios and production companies . Late-night talk show and comedy shows , including "  The Tonight Show with Jay Leno , " "  The Late Show with David Letterman " and "  Late Night with Conan O'Brien , " have announced they 'll air reruns Monday night and until further notice . If the strike continues , it could affect soap operas and prime-time television programs as well . "  I support them , " Leno said of the writers . "  People get the wrong idea about how much writers make . " Watch Leno back striking writers " The writers ' union says the strike , which began at 12:01 a.m. PT  3:01 a.m. ET  , is necessary to protect their members ' future incomes as the shows they write are increasingly distributed over new media , primarily through Internet downloading . A last-day effort to reach a new work agreement collapsed Sunday night despite the writers conceding a demand for a doubling of how much they are paid for DVD sales . This had been considered the major stumbling block to a deal . "  The DVD situation has always been a catastrophe , " Warren Leight , the executive producer of NBC 's "  Law and Order : Criminal Intent , " said Monday . But , he stressed , "  At the moment , we have no piece of the Internet at all . " Watch what 's at stake " While studios have been hoarding scripts for months in anticipation of a strike , some television shows that are more topical -- particularly late-night TV talk shows -- are expected to immediately go to reruns . Watch "  30 Rock 's " Tina Fey talk about the issues " "  It 's affecting us in the most visible way possible , " John Oliver , a writer and correspondent for "  The Daily Show , " told CNN on Monday as he stood amid the pickets , who carried signs that read "  On Strike " and "  Pencils Down . " The group had also brought a large inflatable rat , which they had tethered to metal railings set up along the street . "  We 're off the air , " Oliver said . "  We 'd much rather work than stand in the cold . Writers are people who fear the sunlight , " he added , smiling . However , he said , the writers need new contracts that incorporate new media 's impact . "  Clearly , revenue is being created " from new media , he said , "  but we are not receiving any of it . " In Hollywood , California , writers marched Monday outside Paramount Pictures , carrying signs and shouting over traffic and honks from supporters . Dozens more picketed outside NBC studios in Burbank , Calif. . On Sunday night , the president of the Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers  AMPTP  criticized the WGA negotiators for walking out of the talks . "  When we asked if they would ` stop the clock ' for the purpose of delaying the strike to allow negotiations to continue , they refused , " said AMPTP President Nick Counter . The union 's statement early Monday morning said that while it chose to withdraw its DVD proposal -- which they say would have doubled writers ' residuals -- the studios and production companies were still insisting on a framework concerning Internet distribution that "  makes a mockery of any residual , " the statement said . The WGA said producers want to deny the union future jurisdiction over scripts written for most new media and have offered no economic proposal for the parts of new media writing the guild wants covered . Other rules demanded by producers would give writers no residuals when a movie is streamed online or during a "  window " when online consumers have free reuse of downloads , the WGA said . Counter placed the blamed for the failed talks on the negotiators for the writers . "  We made an attempt at meeting them in a number of their key areas , including Internet streaming and jurisdiction in new media , " Counter said . "  Ultimately , the guild was unwilling to compromise on most of their major demands . " While working writers are generally paid well , they depend on residuals to get them through often-frequent times of unemployment . And , as video iPods and Internet downloads increasingly supplant traditional television and movie theaters , writers confront a changing industry . Reality television has been another wake-up call for writers , since most do not require scripts . "  American Idol " and other hit shows should not be affected by a prolonged strike . AMPTP said that 67 percent -- 64 of 96 -- television series this season are scripted , down from 81 percent just two seasons ago . Late-night television hosts like David Letterman , Jay Leno and Jimmy Kimmel , as well as programs like "  The Daily Show , " are feeling the pinch of the strike first . Because of their topical nature , networks do not typically shoot these shows in advance . Daytime soaps normally stockpile about 30 days in advance and most prime-time shows would likely make it through the end of the year without any major impact on programming . A spokeswoman for the guild , Sherry Goldman , told CNN on Monday that the strike would not affect news divisions . But networks would have to resort to reruns , news programs and reality shows to fill the schedule in 2008 if a strike were to drag on . If the strike lingers , the WGA faces the danger of writers opting out of full membership for "  financial core " status , which would allow them to return to work . They would lose their voting privileges , but retain all benefits . The last WGA strike 20 years ago lasted five and a half months . It cost the entertainment industry an estimated $ 500 million . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Writers want new media residuals protected Late-night comedy shows to take immediate hit in writers ' strike "  Daily Show " writer : "  It 's affecting us in the most visible way possible " Scripted shows have stockpile through year 's end
New York  CNN  -- True love may be priceless , but does that mean we should pay through the nose for fine chocolate on Valentine 's Day - or any day ? The answer is unequivocally yes in the opinion of Rick and Mike Mast whose organic hand-crafted chocolate bars garnering rave reviews retail for $ 9 . "  You get what you pay for , " insisted Rick Mast , 34 . "  For me , chocolate should n't be something you can pick up at the gas station for a buck or two . " The Mast Brothers are not gourmet chocolatiers -- the artisans who melt down large blocks of chocolate and refashion the mix into delectable treats of all shapes and flavors . Rather , Rick and his brother Mike , 31 , are true chocolate makers in the tradition of Willy Wonka 's oompa-loompas , though the towering , red-bearded Masts -- Rick is 6 ' 4 " , Mike 6 ' 3 " -- could hardly be confused with author Roald Dahl 's fictional Lilliputian chocolate workers . From a small store-front factory in the Brooklyn , New York neighborhood of Williamsburg , the Masts are producing an intensely complex tasting chocolate -- yes , just the way fine wine should deliver layers of flavor -- even though their ingredients are as simple as can be : cacao beans and sugar . "  We do n't dumb it down so it 's not as exotic or as sexy an experience , " said Rick Mast explaining why he adds no milk fat , cocoa butter or emulsifiers . "  Chocolate should take you on a trip . " The Masts began producing chocolate in their apartments . Three years ago after maxing out several credit cards and investing their modest savings they turned their passion into a business that tries to live by an environmentally-friendly ethos . They purchase organic cacao beans from Venezuela , Madagascar and the Dominican Republic . To reduce their carbon footprint this year they plan to have a friend who owns a large sailboat deliver some of their beans . The beans are roasted in two convection ovens for about 15-to-20-minutes . Then the chocolate-makers pour the beans into a custom-made whirling , buzzing contraption that separates the husk from the nibs -- the meat of the bean that becomes chocolate . The resulting nibs go into vats where granite wheels crush them . Sugar is added and the mix is stirred until smooth . Pans filled with the thick pudding-like concoction then sit on a shelf for a month , to allow the full flavor of the bean to emerge . Finally , the cacao-sugar mix is melted down , stirred again and poured into bars . What results is a dark chocolate that tastes like so much more than chocolate : imagine chocolate infused with spice , citrus , and tea , except none of those is an ingredient . "  We 're bringing out the different characteristics and the flavors people did n't think were imaginable from chocolate , " said Mike Mast . For extra variety the Masts add coffee , hazelnuts , almonds , sea salt , peppers and black truffles to create additional flavors . A few of New York 's finer restaurants , including Per Se , now offer Mast Brothers Chocolate on their desert menus and leading gourmet shops carry the brand as well . The Masts are shipping 5,000 chocolate bars a week and say they have 1,000 potential accounts on their waiting list . With a high content of cacao -- 70 % to 81 % -- Mast Brothers Chocolate has as much of the chemicals behind chocolate 's mythical aphrodisiac qualities , the serotonin building-block tryptophan and stimulant phenylethylamine , as most any other bar . But , is it worth $ 9 for 2.5 ounces ? I ca n't say it 's the most delicious chocolate you will ever eat ; it has none of the sweetness that lures so many of us to chocolate . But it likely will be the most interesting chocolate you may ever taste . And , after all to keep priceless love aflame we need to keep things interesting .	Chocolate should n't be something you can pick up at the gas station for a buck or two , says Rick Mast Ingredient list is simple : cacao beans and sugar "  We 're bringing out the different characteristics and the flavors people did n't think were imaginable from chocolate , " said Mike Mast .
CNN  -- Togo 's national football team are on their way home , two days after a deadly attack on their team bus at the Africa Cup of Nations in Angola . Television pictures of the squad and officials leaving their hotel in Cabinda were aired on Eurosport and showed a number of leading players , including captain Emmanuel Adebayor arriving at the airport for the flight home . Earlier , Togolese Prime Minister Gilbert Houngbo told the west African country 's news agency that the team "  must return " after the ambush by gunmen left an assistant coach and the squad 's communication officer dead . At least seven others were injured in the attack which occurred Friday in the enclave of Cabinda near the border with the Democratic Republic of Congo . They included goalkeeper Kodjovi Obilale who is in intensive care , a government spokesman told the news agency . "  We understand the wishes of the players ... but it would be irresponsible of the authorities in Togo let them continue , " said Houngo , who has declared a three-day period of mourning following the attack . Togo 's players , who had initally indicated a desire to withdraw from the tournament , decided Saturday night that they wanted to participate after all , striker Thomas Dossevi told CNN . The team were due to play their first game against Ghana in Cabinda on Monday . Dossevi said the players were disappointed with the government 's decision to pull the team from the tournament , but they understood it , because Angola 's government had yet to provide the team with extra security . The team wanted to play Monday 's game , he said , but wanted a change of venue . If organizers were able to change the location of the game , then the team would push to play , he said . However , if there is no change of venue , the team , despite wanting to play , will respect the government 's decision and leave the country , Dossevi added . Quoted by the national news agency , Dossevi said the players wanted to play to honor the dead . "  We want to show our colors , our values and that we are men , " he said . Speaking on Saturday , goalkeeper Kossi Agassa said it felt as if the players had "  gone to war ... It 's deplorable for Africa . I do n't know what other countries will decide , but it 's hard . Too hard for us footballers . " In a meeting Saturday , Angolan Prime Minister Antonio Paulo Cassoma assured African football officials that security would be beefed up for the tournament . Confederation of African Football President Issa Hayatou traveled to Cabinda on Saturday to meet Togo 's squad as well as those from Ghana , Ivory Coast and Burkina Faso who are also based in the region , according to the CAF Web site . "  You came here to play football but unfortunately two of your brothers were killed , " Hayatou told the players . "  It is left to you to decide to stay in a competition synonym of fraternity , brotherhood , friendship and solidarity . "  And in case you decide to leave the competition , we will definitely understand your decision and it will be accepted . It is a difficult choice , individual choice and also collective choice , you are the only one can decide . " An armed wing of a separatist group -- the Forces for Liberation of the State of Cabinda  FLEC  -- claimed responsibility for the attack and has threatened to strike again . CNN could not verify the claim independently . Angola , which was wracked by civil war for nearly three decades , brokered a peace deal in 2006 with separatists seeking an independent republic of Cabinda . Dossevi , who plays for French club Nantes , said armed rebels with AK-47s opened fire on the team bus . "  We had just passed the border and a couple of minutes later we were attacked from both sides , " he said . "  We hid below the seats -- we had police protection in front and behind but we were attacked from both sides . As soon as I heard the bullets I went to the floor . ... The attack lasted for 10-15 minutes , " Dossevi said . Angolan officials -- trying to assuage security fears that could dampen the war-torn nation 's sporting aspirations -- vowed to heighten security , particularly in Cabinda . "  We vehemently condemn the ignoble action , lament the loss of lives , and we reiterate our commitment to guarantee security , " a government statement said , pledging that the Africa Cup of Nations would be "  a great sporting event and a manifestation of friendship and solidarity among the African people . " Hosts Angola played to a dramatic 4-4 with Mali as the competition began in the capital Luanda later on Sunday . The tournament -- one of the world 's biggest -- is Angola 's first major sporting event since a 2002 peace deal brought the southern African country 's decades-old civil war to an end . It also marks the beginning of a year in the spotlight for African football , with South Africa set to become the continent 's first country to host the FIFA World Cup in June . FIFA President Sepp Blatter said Saturday he had faith that Africa would meet the challenge of organizing one of the world 's most watched sporting events . "  My thoughts , and those of everyone at FIFA , go out to the victims of this terrible tragedy , and to their families and loved ones , " Blatter wrote in a letter to Hayatou . "  This awful event can not dispel the fact that Africa has written some of the greatest chapters in the history of world football ... I have faith in Africa , and it is with this faith that together we will organize world football 's showcase event in 2010 . "	NEW : Togo national football team on their way home from Africa Cup of Nations Togo 's players ordered back by their government despite indicating they wanted to stay Team bus was shot at by rebel fighters on way to tournament in Angola Assistant coach , communications officer killed in the attack
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton surrendered his Formula One drivers ' championship lead to Mark Webber after failing to finish at the Hungarian Grand Prix . The Australian 's victory meant Red Bull also moved to the top of the team standings above McLaren , whose world champion Jenson Button finished eighth after starting 14th on the grid . Webber moved 14 points clear of Hamilton , while teammate Sebastian Vettel moved up to third as he salvaged a podium place behind Fernando Alonso after a 25-second drive-through penalty ended the German polesitter 's hopes of victory . The top-five drivers are within 20 points of Webber with seven races left , with Fernando Alonso remaining fifth despite his second placing for Ferrari . Webber wins as Vettel pays for error The Italian team trail Red Bull by 74 points after Felipe Massa finished fourth on his return to the Budapest circuit where a freak accident in qualifying last year ended his season . Drivers ' Championship  after 12 rounds  : 1 . Mark Webber  Aus  Red Bull 161 points 2 . Lewis Hamilton  GB  McLaren 157 3 . Sebastian Vettel  Ger  Red Bull 151 4 . Jenson Button  GB  McLaren 147 5 . Fernando Alonso  Spa  Ferrari 141 6 . Felipe Massa  Bra  Ferrari 97 7 . Nico Rosberg  Ger  Mercedes GP 94 8 . Robert Kubica  Pol  Renault 89 9 . Michael Schumacher  Ger  Mercedes 38 10 . Adrian Sutil  Ger  Force India 35 Constructors ' Championship : 1 . Red Bull 312 points 2 . McLaren 304 3 . Ferrari 238 4 . Mercedes GP 132 5 . Renault 106 6 . Force India 47 7 . Williams 40 8 . Sauber 23 9 . Toro Rosso 10	Mark Webber moves four points clear of previous F1 drivers ' leader Lewis Hamilton Australian wins Hungarian Grand Prix while McLaren 's 2008 world champion fails to finish Red Bull take lead in team standings as polesitter Sebastian Vettel finishes third McLaren 's world champion Jenson Button claims team 's only points in eighth place
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- South African President Jacob Zuma congratulated Zimbabwe 's Robert Mugabe on his re-election , urging opposition groups Sunday to accept the results of "  the successful harmonised elections . " Zuma 's stance appears to be at odds with the United States , the United Kingdom and Australia , all of whom have called into question Wednesday 's presidential and primary polls . Zimbabwe 's election commission said 89-year-old Mugabe won 61 % of the vote , besting Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai 's 34 % , to lead the nation for another five years . Mugabe has been the only leader an independent Zimbabwe has ever known . Tsvangirai , 61 , called the balloting "  a fraudulent and a stolen election " -- and said he plans to mount a court challenge . Will of the people ? In his statement Sunday , Zuma said all parties should accept the election 's results because "  election observers reported it to be an expression of the will of the people . " Election observers and foreign officials raised doubts Saturday about the way the election was conducted , though some of them noted it was peaceful -- in contrast to the last election , in 2008 , where post-vote violence left at last 200 people dead and thousands injured . Fast Facts : Robert Mugabe U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , in a statement Saturday , criticized "  the culmination of a deeply flawed process . " "  In light of substantial irregularities reported by domestic and regional observers , the United States does not believe the results announced today represent a credible expression of the will of the Zimbabwean people , " Kerry said . Credibility questioned British Foreign Secretary William Hague , meanwhile , commended the peaceful nature of the vote , but expressed concern over how it was conducted . The reported irregularities "  call into serious question the credibility of the election , " Hague said . On Sunday , Australian Foreign Minister Bob Carr called for a do-over . "  These appear to have disenfranchised large numbers of voters and raised doubts about the credibility of the election results , " he said in a statement . "  Given our doubts about the results , Australia calls for a re-run of the elections based on a verified and agreed voters roll . " With his controversial win , Mugabe is set to see his time in power extended to 38 years . Fast Facts : Morgan Tsvangirai Long reign Tsvangirai ran unsuccessfully against Mugabe in 2002 and was later arrested several times , jailed on charges of treason and severely beaten in police custody . He faced off against Mugabe in the last election and won more votes than the president , though not enough to avoid a runoff . Violence broke out , and Tsvangirai then pulled out of the runoff claiming widespread voter intimidation and the torture , mutilation and murder of his supporters . Months later , after international pressure and successful negotiations , Mugabe and Tsvangirai signed an agreement giving Tsvangirai the post of prime minister in a Mugabe-led government . It has been an uneasy coalition ever since , one that included a brief boycott of the coalition by the MDC over the arrest of a party leader . Journalist Columbus S. Mavhunga reported this story from Harare , and Faith Karimi reported and wrote from London .	Tsvangirai says he 'll mount legal challenge Zuma : Election reflected will of the people US says it did n't Australia 's foreign minister called for a "  re-run "
CNN  -- Throngs of revelers gathered around Times Square in New York City early Sunday to ring in the New Year amid cheers , glittering confetti and fireworks in one of many festivities worldwide . Crowds erupted in cheers , kissed and hugged as the giant ball dropped at midnight to mark the start of 2012 . "  This is crazy , it 's doggone warm , " said Gary Grieco of College Point New York , who attended the unusually warm festivities this year . Grieco said he hopes this year is better than the last and outlined his resolutions for the New Year . "  Quit smoking , that 's my promise ... today is the day , " he said . From London to Samoa , the world ushered in 2012 and said goodbye to a year marked by natural disasters , economic turmoil and other highlights such as the end of the Iraq war . "  Natural disasters were pretty brutal and the end of the Iraq war was long overdue , " Grieco said . Fireworks lit up the sky over London 's River Thames as the clock struck midnight -- one of many festivities worldwide . As Big Ben chimed on midnight , the sky exploded with pyrotechnics to mark the start of what Mayor Boris Johnson promised to be "  the most extraordinary and exciting year we are likely to see in our lifetime in this city . " In 2012 , London will host the Summer Olympics and pay tribute to Queen Elizabeth 's diamond jubilee marking her 50 years on the throne . England was relatively late to the party , which began 14 hours earlier  at 5 a.m. ET  in Samoa , Tokelau and the Christmas Islands in the western Pacific . Samoa and Tokelau -- historically the last to celebrate the new year -- reveled in being the first to party this time round , after skipping west across the international dateline , missing out on December 30 entirely in the process , in a move intended to boost trade . From there , the midnight revelry worked its way west . The final ones set to ring in the new year will also be in the Pacific , specifically on the U.S. Midway Islands and American Samoa . New Zealand bid farewell to a year that brought more than its share of natural disasters , with fireworks bursting through a blanket of fog to light up Auckland 's Sky Tower . Dazzling pyrotechnics above Sydney Harbour got 2012 off to a spectacular start in Australia , with huge crowds gathered to watch . In South Korea , the Boshingak bell in downtown Seoul chimed 33 times to celebrate the occasion , while in Japan , many families ate a bowl of long noodles together to symbolize the bridge from one year to the next . Crowds of onlookers cheered as fireworks and bright lights flashed over Hong Kong 's Victoria Harbour and boats filled with revelers drifted below . In Laos and Cambodia , Buddhist temples struck their gongs 108 times to cast out 108 types of human weakness . The atmosphere was far more subdued in Vatican , where the pope presided over a Mass at St. Peter 's Basilica . The celebrations then moved across Europe . Russia started by kicking off its new year in a grand way with fireworks over the Kremlin . Three hours later , much of the continent -- including Greece , Italy , France , Spain and Germany -- were officially in 2012 , before England and Ireland finally joined in the next hour . Never known to shy away from a party , Brazilians in Sao Paulo , Rio de Janeiro and beyond celebrated the new year with characteristic flair and explosive pyrotechnics . They were followed one hour later by another large swath of South America that included Argentina , Paraguay and Chile . CNN 's Kim Segal , Laura Smith-Spark , Holly Yan and David Ariosto contributed to this report .	Crowds erupt in cheers , kisses and hugs as the giant ball drops From London to Samoa , the world ushers in 2012 Fireworks lit up the sky over London 's River Thames
CNN  -- State military forces on Friday retook a key town in northern Mali after intense fighting that included help from French military forces , a defense ministry spokesman said . "  Today , we have recaptured Konna , " said the spokesman , Diaran Kone , at a briefing played over state radio . The Mali city of Konna had been seized by Islamist forces on Thursday as they pushed southward from their strongholds in the desert of northern Mali . "  The fighting lasted for not more than two , maybe three hours ; Konna was recaptured with the assistance of French , Nigerian and Senegalese troops this afternoon , " said Kone . "  All measures were used , including the drones given by France . " Earlier , Nigeria 's defense minister had denied to CNN that Nigerian troops were involved in Friday 's fighting . But France confirmed that its armed forces had taken part in the fighting and launched airstrikes in support of the operation . French President Francois Hollande announced that French ground and air forces were in the country to aid government forces . "  French military forces have brought their support to the Malian forces this afternoon to fight against these terrorist elements , " said Hollande , speaking from the Elysee Palace in Paris . "  This operation will last as long as it is necessary . I will regularly inform the French people about its course . " Read more : A ticking time bomb : What 's behind the instability in Mali ? It was not clear how many French troops were deployed . But French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said the French military has also launched airstrikes . Mali 's interim president , Dioncounda Traore , declared a state of emergency across the country Friday and called for "  a general mobilization " to defend against the advance of radical Islamists . He acknowledged France 's military help , including air support . Hollande said Mali "  is facing a terrorist aggression in the north , " and added that "  the whole world is aware " of the terrorists ' "  brutality and extremism . " "  Today , it is therefore the very existence of this friendly state that is at stake , as is the security of its population and of our own 6,000 citizens living there , " he said . Read more : Troops could be headed to Mali to fight Islamist extremists France , which has posted troops in many locations in Africa , had said it would n't send combat troops to Mali and had pledged to scale back on intervening in local politics and conflicts in Africa . For example , it declined a request to intervene in the Central Africa Republic , where an insurgency flared . So the Mali operation underlines the seriousness of France 's concern over its former colony . French hostages have been taken in neighboring Niger by al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb ; Paris is trying to contain any further militant expansion in the heart of Africa . Read more : International leaders push for military intervention in Mali Northern Mali has been occupied by radical Islamists , who moved in after fighting broke out in January 2012 between government forces and Tuareg rebels . West African states and international leaders , worried about an al Qaeda foothold , say a rapid military intervention is essential to solving the security crisis in Mali . Hundreds of thousands of Malians have been uprooted because of proliferation of armed groups , drought and political instability after a coup d'etat in March . Hollande said the country is consulting with the United Nations and "  intervening within the framework of international law . " Parliament will be consulted as soon as Monday on the operation , he said . "  The terrorists must know that France will always be there whenever the rights of a country that strives for freedom and democracy are threatened , not just when its core interests are at stake , " he said . Europe , Fabius said , "  has made some decisions to train and reshape the Malian army . " "  The terrorists ' breakthrough must be stopped , " he said . "  If not , it 's the entire Mali that falls into their hands , with a threat to the whole of Africa and Europe . " The U.N. Security Council cited "  grave concern over the reported military movements and attacks by terrorist and extremist groups " in northern Mali . "  This serious deterioration of the situation threatens even more the stability and integrity of Mali and constitutes a direct threat to international peace and security , " the council said . Last month , the council authorized a one-year military peacekeeping mission in Mali . The African-led International Support Mission in Mali aims to help rebuild Mali 's security and defense forces and to help Malian authorities recover the areas in the north . Read more : Northern Mali , ` magnet for international jihadis ' A regional group , the Economic Community of West African States , has pledged thousands of troops to the mission , and the Security Council has urged other member states to contribute troops . The Malian government and rebel groups are expected to meet January 21 for peace talks in Burkina Faso 's capital , Ouagadougou . Mali held its first democratic elections in 1992 , after decades of military rule . It maintained a strong democracy until March , when a group of soldiers toppled the government , saying it had not provided adequate equipment for them to fight ethnic Tuareg rebels roaming the vast desert in the north . Tuareg rebels , who for decades had staged rebellions seeking independence , took advantage of the power vacuum and seized parts of the north . The rebels had fought alongside Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi and returned to Mali -- with their weapons in tow -- after he was killed in October 2011 . A power struggle then erupted in the north between the Tuaregs and local al Qaeda-linked radicals , who seized control of large parts of the desert north . The international community voiced concerns about al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb and its expanding presence in Mali . The al Qaeda wing is linked to the attack last year in Benghazi , Libya , that killed the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three other Americans , U.S. officials have said . The militants in the north have applied their strict interpretation of Sharia law by banning music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on television . They also publicly stoned a couple to death in July , reportedly for having an affair . Public executions , amputations , floggings and other inhumane punishments are becoming common , the United Nations says . The militants have attacked Timbuktu 's historic tombs and shrines , claiming the relics are idolatrous . The picturesque city was once an important destination for Islamic scholars because of its ancient and prominent burial sites , and it is a UNESCO World Heritage Site . Tuareg rebels retreated from the well-armed militants but have vowed to fight back and establish in the north their own country , which they call Azawad . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report	NEW : Mali 's defense ministry says government forces have retaken Konna Mali is facing a "  terrorist aggression " in northern Mali , leader says An al Qaeda wing has taken root in the north Interim President Traore calls for a "  general mobilization " against radical Islamists
South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley is one of the GOP 's brightest stars , a 42-year-old Indian-American , a dynamo fundraiser and a favorite of national Republicans eager to showcase diversity in their ranks . Haley 's road to re-election this November has looked smooth of late , thanks to Obamacare 's unpopularity in South Carolina , a shrinking unemployment rate and the cautious approach of her Democratic challenger , state Sen. Vincent Sheheen . But Haley 's path to victory might have just become more complicated . That 's because a little-known attorney and former judge named Tom Ervin has joined the race for governor as an independent -- and his campaign is threatening to raise at least $ 6 million in the process . "  We 're going to spend whatever it takes , " Ervin told CNN . "  I am going to tell the truth to the people of South Carolina . " Ervin entered the race clumsily . In March , he filed to run against Haley in the Republican primary , loaning his campaign $ 420,000 as seed money . He promptly unleashed $ 65,000 worth of robocalls attacking the governor . But he soon dropped out of the primary and announced his independent bid , saying there was n't enough to time to mount a credible GOP campaign before the June 10 primary . Haley 's campaign was quick to diminish Ervin as a "  liberal trial lawyer . " "  We appreciate Mr. Ervin 's desire for public service , but a trial lawyer and former Democratic lawmaker who wants to raise taxes and embrace Obamacare should probably be running as a Democrat , " said Haley spokesman Rob Godfrey . "  Governor Haley is focused on the legislative session , passing historic education and ethics reforms and keeping the fantastic economic and jobs momentum going . And we look forward to running against two liberal trial lawyers who support Obamacare instead of just one . " Rumors of a shadow campaign Ervin 's audacious , last-minute entry into the race has been met with eye-rolls by Republicans . A popular rumor in Columbia is that his candidacy is little more than a shadow campaign aided by trial attorneys who have long clashed with the pro-business governor and want a spoiler in the race . Haley defeated Sheheen by just four points when they first squared off in the 2010 race . Some Democrats are hopeful that Ervin , and his money , will help them open up a two-front war against Haley on the campaign trail , while siphoning Republican-leaning voters away from the incumbent . A libertarian candidate , Charleston businessman Steve French , could do the same . Others , though , are concerned that Ervin will hurt rather than help their cause by divvying up the existing anti-Haley vote , thereby hurting Sheheen , who needs to grow his support in a GOP-dominated state . "  I think it could hurt , " said Dick Harpootlian , a former Democratic Party chairman in the state . "  There are a lot of moderate Democrats , a lot of people who would have voted for Vincent who may gravitate to Tom Ervin now if he throws a punch . It may Balkanize the anti-Haley vote . That may be in play now . " Adding intrigue to Ervin 's candidacy is the behind-the-curtain presence of Republican consultant John Weaver , the mercurial former John McCain and Jon Huntsman strategist who is consulting on the campaign . Weaver , a screwdriver-sipping Texan who tweets prolifically about the San Antonio Spurs , has never been shy about sticking his finger in the eye of his fellow Republicans . After McCain lost his bid for the presidency in 2000 , Weaver briefly dabbled in Democratic politics and feuded with Karl Rove during the Bush years . During the Huntsman campaign , he called Republicans "  a bunch of cranks " in the pages of Esquire . Ervin 's campaign is not the first time he 's worked against the GOP on a governor 's race : In 2010 , he advised the ill-fated candidacy of Tim Cahill , a Democrat-turned-independent candidate for Massachusetts governor . ' A breath of fresh air ' "  I was honored when Tom called me three weeks ago about being a member of his team , " Weaver said in an email . "  We tried to recruit him twice for Sen. McCain in our two primaries in South Carolina -- and failed . I know Tom to be a social and economic conservative and also extremely straight forward and bold in his vision for the state . He 'll be a breath of fresh air for sure as the next Republican governor . " Ervin revealed his first ad on Monday , calling himself "  an independent Republican " and criticizing Haley on a number of issues , including the massive 2012 data breach at the South Carolina Department of Revenue that exposed nearly 4 million Social Security numbers . Ervin 's chances of winning the race are slim . There 's no modern precedent for a candidate without party support winning statewide in South Carolina . He first has to qualify to get on the November ballot by collecting at least 10,000 signatures needed to run as a "  petition " candidate . Meanwhile , Haley 's campaign has raised nearly $ 6 million for her campaign , a hefty sum in a state where television ad time is relatively affordable , and she has been aided by a series of commercials paid for by the Republican Governors Association . In one hard-edged ad that began airing this week , the RGA blasts Sheheen , an attorney and state senator , for legal work defending a sex offender and domestic abusers . The South Carolina Democratic Party called the ad "  desperate . " Ervin sees an opening . Sitting for an interview inside the wood-paneled lobby of WRIX , an Anderson radio station he purchased out of bankruptcy last year , the soft-spoken Ervin said his decision to drop out of the Republican primary will give him time to raise money and get his message out . Had he remained in the GOP race , it would have allowed Haley to line her war chest by going back to her donors and soliciting even more money for the primary campaign . Questioning Haley 's commitment Ervin served one term in the South Carolina legislature 30 years ago as a Democrat , and ran for a seat again in 2005 as a Republican , but lost . A practicing attorney involved with charitable work in the Greenville area , he said he has been active in local politics for years . He said he did not vote in the last gubernatorial election . "  We have no leadership in Columbia right now , " Ervin said . "  Governor Haley has been a disaster . Every agency she has touched is in crisis mode . She is clearly focused on her own selfish political ambitions . If she is re-elected , I seriously doubt she will finish out her term . She has got her eyes on Washington . All she can talk about is federal issues , when our state is languishing . " Ervin pointed to the state 's "  crumbling " roads and bridges , education policy and government transparency as issues he plans to highlight . He said a gas tax is "  on the table , " and he 'd likely sign a budget increasing fees if it passed the state legislature , but his positions hew closer to conservative orthodoxy . Ervin wants to eliminate the personal income tax and says he opposes the expansion of Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act , although he previously told The State newspaper he would not veto Medicaid expansion if the state balanced the budget . As a born-again Christian , he 's against same-sex marriage and abortion . But mainly , he said he wants to make the race a referendum on Haley 's first term . Ervin applied a lighter touch to Sheheen , calling him a "  career politician " and "  far to the left . " But he also described the Democrat as a "  policy wonk " with "  a good understanding of the issues . " Sheheen 's campaign had no comment on Ervin . Ervin 's sudden appearance on the political scene , his blistering criticisms of Haley and his ties to the state 's legal community -- his wife is a prominent worker 's compensation attorney -- have fueled talk in the state capital that he was recruited into the race by Republican fundraiser John Rainey , a longtime Haley nemesis . A remarkable moment Rainey fiercely opposed Haley during her first gubernatorial campaign in 2010 . After she won , he memorably filed a lawsuit and then an ethics complaint against the governor , claiming she profited from her office while serving in the state legislature . That complaint was dismissed , but not before Haley defended herself before the state 's ethics panel and , in a remarkable moment , called Rainey "  a racist , sexist bigot who has tried everything in his power to hurt me and my family . " Ervin acknowledged being friendly with Rainey 's brother , but denied that he is a stalking horse for the legal community . "  Since I was a circuit court judge for 14 years , I do know a number of attorneys , " he said . "  And there will be some of my friends that will contribute to my campaign . But I do n't expect to get the endorsement of the trial lawyers . " "  I do n't know John well enough to approach him , " Ervin said of Rainey . "  I may , because he wants some change in state government as well . He may be motivated to give . But John has not contributed to my campaign . " Rainey , too , denied any connection to Ervin 's campaign . "  No , " he said flatly when asked if he recruited Ervin to run . "  There is nothing else to say . " Still , Rainey had harsh words for Haley , calling her "  corrupt to the core of her being . " In the next breath , he gamed out a scenario in which Ervin could open the door to a Sheheen victory . "  I think he appeals to centrist Republicans , some of whom do n't want to vote for somebody with a D by their name , but who would vote for someone with Republican credentials , " Rainey said . "  If you can get somebody who can carve off 5 % of the vote , Vincent can win . There is no question he can win . " Katon Dawson , a former South Carolina GOP chairman , said Ervin and his wife "  have been very successful in the legal business . " But , he added , "  I do n't take it very seriously . " "  They are not going to shake a lot of votes loose from Republicans , " Dawson said . "  If they are going to spend a couple million , that 's their choice . He can do what he wants with his money . If I was Tom and I was looking for some excitement , I would n't run as an independent for governor in a Republican state . He 'd be better off if he bought a new sports car and got a girlfriend and got it out of his system . "	Tom Ervin was running as a Republican but withdrew and entered as an independent Incumbent Nikki Haley is one of the Republican Party 's brightest stars Some Republicans think Democrats are behind Ervin 's campagin to split GOP vote Some Democrats think Ervin could split the anti-Haley vote and assure her victory
Farnaz Seifi was arrested as she waited to fly out of a Tehran airport in 2007 . Her crime ? A blog calling for women 's equality in the Islamic Republic of Iran . Originally on her way to a cyber-journalism workshop in India , Seifi , then in her mid-twenties , was transferred to Tehran 's notorious Evin prison and at midnight , the interrogation began . According to the authorities , says Seifi , challenging the inequality and injustice that women face in Iran was "  acting against national security and being a spy for western countries . " Seifi is one of three women featured in a new documentary , "  Forbidden Voices , " that follows the lives of female dissident bloggers across the globe . These women pay a high price for their blogs -- suffering violence , harassment and detainment by some of the world 's most repressive regimes . "  They do n't use political propaganda , they do n't make speeches , they do n't try to change things really aggressively -- they are trying to start a dialogue and I think this is why the world started noticing them , " said Barbara Miller , director of "  Forbidden Voices , " who was struck by the personal nature of blogging and how it allows ordinary people to talk about the difficulties they face . "  I think this is a way that women tell stories and how women try to change the world . " Friday marks World Press Freedom Day , and this year the is emphasis is on securing freedom of expression in all media , including a free and open internet -- something Seifi can identify with . She told CNN : "  In countries like my country , you learn to censor yourself from a very early age and you become good at censoring yourself , unfortunately . The Islamic Republic of Iran makes each of us an example of it because we also censor each other . " "  It 's sad when one day you figure out that you want freedom so badly but you are also part of the censoring system . " After a series of interrogations and heavy censorship of her blog by the Iranian authorities , Seifi left Iran in 2007 and now lives in Germany . As a women 's activist and blogger means it 's unlikely she will return home while the current Iranian regime is in power . And for her family 's safety she now blogs anonymously . Cuba 's Yoani Sanchez , perhaps the most well-known of the three female bloggers featured in Miller 's film , continues to speak out against the Castro government on her blog , "  Generación Y , " which receives millions of hits each month . She was finally granted a passport by Cuban authorities in January after 20 failed applications , and her recent high profile trip to the U.S. , where she visited the White House , has turned the media spotlight on the daily struggle of many in communist Cuba . But others remain trapped . Some of the film 's most sinister scenes show Chinese blogger Zeng Jinyan under house arrest in Beijing , harassed by security officials outside her apartment as she tries to leave . When her husband , AIDS and environmental activist Hu Jia , is sentenced to over three years in prison in 2008 , she was is left alone and isolated with their baby daughter and her blog , wondering if they will ever be free . Since then , her blog has been censored in China . In countries where the state has a monopoly on information , blogging has come into its own as a tool for change and an outlet for sharing stories , according to Miller . "  The governments really fear these women . I mean , they are women , talking about their daily lives but the governments fear that they are so outspoken , that they are talking about what 's really happening in their countries " . A refusal to be censored unites these women across cultures and continents , as they use their blogs to connect with the world outside of the regime . For Miller , the reaction of the authorities is perhaps the strongest indication of the strength of their individual voices . "  I think blogging is an extremely powerful tool , you can reach the whole world with one voice . "	"  Forbidden Voices " follows lives of female dissident bloggers around world Female dissident bloggers often suffer violence , detainment by repressive regimes Film follows Iran 's Farnaz Seifi , Cuba 's Yoani Sanchez , China 's Zeng Jinyan
