CNN  -- Two children died Saturday in the suburbs of the Syrian capital -- not because of guns , bombs or other weapons , but because of malnutrition , activists and an opposition group said . The two boys suffered from marasmus , a type of acute malnutrition that can very quickly lead to death if not treated , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . Ibrahim Khalil was 4 ; Ammar Arafa was even younger , but his exact age was n't known , opposition activist Ahmed Al-Muadami said from the town , Moadamiyet al-Sham , in the Damascus suburbs . Moadamiyet al-Sham was one of the areas affected by the alleged chemical weapons attack August 21 . It was the first town United Nations inspectors visited this week to gather evidence about the attack and speak to the wounded . Al-Muadami said the town has been under siege by Syrian troops since last November and that the situation there is "  disastrous . " "  We ran out of food supplies and we can not get anything into the town , " he said . Doctors lacked the medicine and necessary nutrients to treat the children because of the siege , the Syrian Observatory said . "  We have n't seen a piece of bread for six months now , " said another resident , Abu Alnour . "  We went through our food supplies , local produce and cattle . " He said government checkpoints and snipers are blocking all the roads leading into the town and are not allowing anything in or out . The Syrian government typically calls rebels "  armed terrorists . " "  The Red Crescent tried to send an aid shipment into the town in early July but the government forces denied them access , and that was the last aid shipment we heard about , " Al-Muadami said . The barrier and checkpoint at Moadamiyet al-Sham is well known in the region and is staffed by security forces , militiamen and regime loyalists , the opposition Syrian Network for Human Rights says . Some 12,000 people in the town are now in desperate need of food items and medicine , he said . Those who are seriously injured or sick are trapped . Attack at Syria funeral : ` Children 's bodies were maimed and burnt , ' witness says The town has been without power for 10 months , and residents are suffering water shortages because shelling has destroyed water pipes , he said . "  If we were able to get those two children out of the town to be treated in a hospital , they would have been alive now , " Al-Muadami said . Videos purportedly showing the boys shows their ribs protruding and their limbs stick-thin . One video is said to show Ibrahim while still alive , on respiratory support ; two others show Ibrahim and Ammar lying dead on their hospital beds . Al-Muadami said activists in the town filmed the videos and posted them online . CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the videos or reports of violence , as the Syrian government has restricted access to international journalists . The International Committee of the Red Cross on Thursday reported acute shortages of vital medical supplies , food and water in a number of areas that have been sealed off for months , where the ICRC and the Syrian Arab Red Crescent have not been given access . "  In large parts of rural Damascus , for example , people are dying because they lack medical supplies and because there are not enough medical personnel to attend to them . They also go hungry because aid ca n't get through to them on a regular basis , " said Magne Barth , head of the ICRC 's delegation in Syria . The group said more than 100,000 people have reportedly been killed since the fighting began more than two years ago . Hundreds of people die every day , it said . Across the country Saturday , 39 people died amid shelling , air strikes , cluster bombs and missiles , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . Ten children were among the dead , the group said , but it was n't clear whether that number included the two boys in Moadamiyet al-Sham . CNN 's Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	Activists and an opposition group say they died of malnutrition They say their town has been cut off by Syrian forces since November 12,000 people in the town need food and medicine , residents say The ICRC says those shortages plague a number of Syrian areas
CNN  -- Former Barcelona coach Tito Vilanova , who has been battling cancer , has died at the age of 45 . "  FC Barcelona is in immense mourning , " the Spanish club said in a statement . "  Tito Vilanova has died at the age of 45 . May he rest in peace . " Vilanova , who had first been diagnosed with a cancerous tumor of the throat in November 2011 , stepped down as Barcelona coach in July 2013 . He succeeded Pep Guardiola , who is now Bayern Munich coach , in June 2012 and led the Catalan giants to the Spanish La Liga title during his time in charge of the team . Following the announcement of Vilanova 's death , Barcelona said it would open an area of condolence in the main grandstand at its Nou Camp stadium . "  It will be open to anyone who wishes to express their sympathy and love for the late Tito Vilanova , " the club added . "  The club wishes to express its most heartfelt sympathy to his family , who are being joined in these moments of mourning by FC Barcelona members and fans all around the world , as well as the rest of the footballing and sporting world . " Barcelona also revealed plans for a religious memorial ceremony in the coming days . The club 's president Josep Maria Bartomeu said on this Twitter page : "  Tito Vilanova was a wonderful person , and will never be forgotten at FC Barcelona . Thank you for everything you taught us . Rest in peace . " Barcelona player Cesc Fabregas paid tribute on his Facebook page saying he met Vilanova 14 years ago , adding : "  Thank you for always trusting me , to help me improve and overcome personal and professional obstacles . " There have been also tributes from the global football community . Real Madrid defender Sergio Ramos commented on Twitter that Vilanova was , "  An example of fighting and strength for all of us . RIP " Vilanova 's appointment after Guardiola 's resignation came as something of a surprise to football experts . He was not well known outside Spain but was already a close member of the Barcelona family . He began his footballing career at the Catalan club , signing to the team 's junior ranks as a 15-year-old . Unable to break into the Barcelona first team , he left to pursue a career as a midfielder with seven clubs in his native Spain before ending his playing days with Gramenet in 2001 . A switch to management followed and Vilanova soon returned to the Nou Camp , eventually becoming Guardiola 's assistant coach in 2008 before being named as his successor . In tandem , the pair won three La Liga titles and two European Champions League crowns . Vilanova 's Barcelona team , which included star players such as Lionel Messi and Andres Iniesta , started the 2012/2013 campaign brilliantly . But just months into his reign , Vilanova took a temporary absence to undergo surgery followed by a course of chemotherapy and radiotherapy in New York . He returned in March 2013 to lead Barcelona to the league title which they won 15 points ahead of rivals Real Madrid . Club captain Carles Puyol stepped aside to allow Vilanova and former Barca defender Eric Abidal , who had been diagnosed with a liver tumor , to lift the trophy . A relapse of his condition in July last year saw Vilanova resign as Barcelona coach . He was replaced by Gerardo Martino . The true potential of Vilanova 's tenure at Barcelona will now remain unknown . In pictures : People we lost in 2014	Former Barcelona coach Tito Vilanova dies at age of 45 . Vilanova diagnosed with a cancerous tumor of the throat in November 2011 Appointed Barca coach in June 2012 Led Catalan club to Spanish league title before stepping down in July 2013
New York  CNN  -- Police say a Long Island man accused of faking his own death to collect on an insurance policy was arrested early Wednesday . Raymond Roth , 47 , was arraigned later in the day on charges of insurance fraud , conspiracy , and falsely reporting an incident , the Nassau County district attorney 's office said in a news release . Bail was set at $ 100,000 bond or cash , said the office 's spokesman , Chris Munzing He was first reported missing off Jones Beach , New York , on July 28 by his 22-year-old son , Jonathan . After an extensive search lasting several days , New York State Park Police said , authorities learned that Roth was not "  drowned and dead , " but had instead been pulled over for a speeding violation while driving in South Carolina . Roth 's wife , Evana , said she believes her husband and son conspired to fake his death in order to receive life insurance payments after Roth was fired from his job last month . Her attorney , Lenard Leeds , said she had been unaware of the alleged ruse until she uncovered an e-mail correspondence between the two men days after her husband disappeared . "  There needs to be a way for me to find out how things are going . Call me Sunday night at 8 PM at the resort , " Roth said in an e-mail to his son on July 27 , remarking on his plans to travel to Florida . Evana Roth revealed the e-mail during a news conference last week , and police later confirmed it . Jonathan Roth was arrested by state police last week and faces charges of insurance fraud , conspiracy to commit insurance fraud , and filing a false report , the district attorney 's office said . Jonathan Roth 's attorney , Joey Jackson , defended his client , saying , "  There was abuse here , manipulation here , coercion here " from the father . Raymond Roth 's attorney , Brian Davis , said his client denies that allegation "  completely ... They were not working together . My client wanted to disappear . He was under a tremendous amount of pressure and he was under medication that was exacerbating his condition . " Davis added that Raymond Roth was treated at a hospital for two weeks after he reappeared for "  acting erratically " and for potential self-endangerment Evana Roth said during the news conference last week that she was "  disgusted ... angry . " "  There 's no way to describe that he could even have possibly thought of being able to get away with this , " she added . More from CNN Justice : JFK plotter accused of planning attacks on attorneys Peterson trial focuses on alleged threat to kill his wife Appeals court halts Hasan case over beard CNN 's Dominique Debucquoy-Dodley contributed to this report .	Raymond Roth , 47 , faces charges of insurance fraud and conspiracy He was first reported missing off Jones Beach , New York , on July 28 by his 22-year-old son Raymond Roth 's attorney , Brian Davis , could not be immediately reached for comment
CNN  There was a time when there was nothing like David Letterman on television . Letterman was the guy who dropped bowling balls and watermelons from the roof of a tall building . Letterman was the guy who had a writer come on to read , straight-faced , from "  The Family Circus . " Letterman was the guy who let his stage manager recap "  Melrose Place , " let two Bangladeshi gift-store owners named Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam serve as "  roving correspondents " and always -- ALWAYS -- bit the network hand that fed him .  Or , perhaps , gave the "  GE handshake " to his corporate bosses . He took elements of Steve Allen , Ernie Kovacs , Johnny Carson and Mad Magazine , ran them through his own skewed perspective and came up with something new : the anti-talk show . This week 33 years ago -- February 1 , 1982 , to be precise -- "  Late Night with David Letterman " made its debut . The first guest ? Bill Murray . The talk show host announced in April that he was stepping down from "  Late Night 's " CBS successor , "  The Late Show with David Letterman , " in 2015 . Letterman 's final show will be May 20 . ` Do our own thing ' If you were a celebrity who came on "  Late Night "  his 1980s NBC show  or "  The Late Show "  his CBS successor  simply to chat about your new movie or album or TV show , good luck to you . Dave -- he was always "  Dave " -- might be interested , but more likely he was bored or cranky . He much preferred the Steve Martins or Bill Murrays of the world who would use their spot to do something silly . It was a comedic style that never really captured Middle America -- for most of their 20-year rivalry , Jay Leno 's ratings were much higher than Letterman 's -- but influenced a generation of comedians and comedy writers . "  The Simpsons , " Ben Stiller , Conan O'Brien , Jimmy Kimmel , any comedian or comedy that used irony , silliness , absurdity and a little bit of antagonism as their stock in trade -- Dave made network television , previously an irony-free zone , safe for all of them .  There was more than a little Letterman in Garry Shandling 's curdled , insecure faux talk-show host , Larry Sanders . "  He did the thing that everyone 's tried to do since and has never done , which is to take the talk-show form and redo it , " Jerry Seinfeld , an early Letterman guest , told Rolling Stone in 2011 . "  The mindset was , ` We 're tired of pretending there are no cue cards and no cameras and nothing 's rehearsed . It 's late , and we 're going to take over this little piece of territory and do our own thing . ' Now that mindset is everywhere . " Reveling in friction At its best , Letterman 's late-night show was unpredictable , particularly in the 1980s , when it was all new . He once used pictures from an old Sears catalog over the opening credits . He did a "  360-degree show , " letting the camera rotate all the way around during the course of the hour .  At the half-hour mark , Letterman was upside-down . His interviews -- the "  talk " of talk shows -- were often deliberately devoid of content . Sometimes he used his guests for comedy bits , as when Steve Martin , allegedly on the set to promote a movie , deplored Letterman 's questions and then had the Late Show Gospel Choir launch into a gospel song about himself . Other times they were , shall we say , antagonistic . Perhaps the most famous example was an appearance by actor Crispin Glover  "  Back to the Future "  in 1987 . At one point , Glover got up to demonstrate a roundhouse kick . Letterman went to a commercial break . When he returned , Glover was gone . Of course , Letterman reveled in friction . Both Cher and Madonna had tetchy interviews with the host . He made much of an alleged feud with Oprah Winfrey . During the "  Late Night " days , he booked people like Brother Theodore or "  American Splendor " cartoonist Harvey Pekar : types who were the very antithesis of talk-show guests , types who made audiences uncomfortable . Letterman grew up a bit when he went to CBS in 1993 . With NBC , he wore blazers and sneakers , very much the impish college boy . Suddenly he was in nice suits and shined shoes . The guests became more of the A-list variety , though Dave was still the type to make room for a musician like Warren Zevon , a personal favorite who would never have passed muster on Leno 's "  Tonight . " But it probably says something that Letterman 's most striking moments of recent years came when he dropped the ironic pose and spoke from the heart . These moments -- paying tribute to mentor Johnny Carson , thanking his heart surgeons , talking about his son , confessing to an affair -- made the very private host seem a little more approachable . Given some of the stories about Letterman 's self-loathing that his former partner and onetime head writer , Merrill Markoe , has told over the years , he probably hated that . Who shall be the heir ? Perhaps all that irony does n't make sense anymore . With Jimmy Fallon 's takeover of the "  Tonight Show , " commentators have been making much of a "  return to earnestness , " playing up Fallon 's niceness and wide-eyed wonder . Fallon himself has named Steve Allen as a model , not so much Letterman .  Conan O'Brien would never have said that . And there 's something a little awkward about Letterman , the King of Absurdity , still presiding over his anti-talk show circus at the age of 67 .  He turns 68 in April .  It 's not that he ca n't pull it off ; it 's that he 's been doing it for so long that his original college student audience now has children  and grandchildren !  of their own . They have so many more options , and Dave is now one of many . Stephen Colbert , who created his own kind of looking-glass show , will take over this year . No doubt he 'll bring his own absurdity to the role . But nobody will replace Dave . That was obvious 33 years ago .	Letterman 's comedic style has always been different His late-night shows were often unpredictable Stephen Colbert will replace him this year
CNN  -- Accolades for the good Samaritan who rescued an abducted girl continued to roll in Thursday as California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger called Victor Perez a "  true action hero . " The city of Fresno proclaimed the day "  Victor Perez Day " and sponsored the visit from Schwarzenegger , who said the abduction of the girl , 8 , "  had a great and heroic end . " Early Tuesday , Perez , 29 , chased after a vehicle carrying the girl , who had been sexually assaulted hours earlier . "  Thank you for stepping in and never even thinking twice , " Mayor Ashley Swearengin told Perez , a father of two boys . Perez has been on a whirlwind of more than a dozen television appearances . Wednesday he had the opportunity to meet with the girl 's mother . "  I never thought there would be someone with such a big heart to rescue my daughter and risk your life , " CNN affiliate KFSN quoted her as saying . An unemployed construction carpenter , Perez has been recently cutting wine grapes , earning minimum wage . The governor called for an employer to hire him . Perez said he is happy the girl and mother are back together . Around 6:45 a.m. Tuesday , Perez was outside his house talking with his cousin about the abduction when they saw a vehicle matching the suspect vehicle 's description : an older-model , reddish-brown Chevrolet with a white stripe on the side . "  I thought , that could be the truck , " Perez told CNN . That 's when he sprang into action . He jumped into his 1988 white Ford pickup and followed the vehicle , cutting in four times before he eventually forced it to a stop . Immediately after the truck stopped , he saw that the girl was out . Perez said he believes the driver pushed her out . "  I was beyond scared , " he said . The chase had taken him about a mile from his house and into another neighborhood . He yelled for residents to get the girl a blanket . About 40 minutes later , police caught up with the truck , then parked , and arrested Gregorio Gonzalez , 24 , of Fresno . Charges against him will include kidnapping , false imprisonment and sexual assault , Police Chief Jerry Dyer said . The suspect was not armed .	California governor honors Victor Perez Good Samaritan meets mother of abducted girl Perez has been hailed as hero since Tuesday 's incident
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- You do n't find many churches making theatrical films . You especially do n't find many churches making films starring Kirk Cameron about a firefighter in a crumbling marriage addicted to online porn . Kirk Cameron stars in "  Fireproof , " a film he was attracted to for its many themes , he said . But that 's the case for Sherwood Baptist Church in Albany , Georgia . In fact , the film , "  Fireproof , " was the church 's third movie . It was also an unexpected hit . In September it debuted at No. 4 at the box office , eventually bringing in $ 33.5 million and spawning two books : a novelization , also called "  Fireproof , " which is in The New York Times ' best-seller list 's Top 20 ; and a companion journal to the movie , "  The Love Dare , " which has sold more than 2 million copies . Last week "  Fireproof " debuted on DVD and climbed to No. 3 on Billboard 's DVD chart , beating out "  The Hulk " and "  Saw V , " among others . "  You do n't often see movies made by churches do big numbers , " said Billboard 's Anthony Colombo . "  Having -LSB- distributor -RSB- Sony behind it helps . Having Kirk Cameron helps , but for it to come out and do 136,000 pieces -LSB- DVDs -RSB- in its first week is pretty impressive . " "  It should not be working , " said Alex Kendrick , one of the pastors behind the film . "  All I can say is we prayed for months and asked for it to honor God . " Kendrick said that Sherwood 's pastors gathered for prayer two years ago and asked God to give them an idea for their next movie . They were just coming off making "  Facing the Giants , " a movie shot entirely in Albany on a $ 100,000 budget . It starred no professional actors -- just members of their church -- but made $ 10.2 million at the box office and sold 250,000 copies on DVD , launching the church into the national spotlight . The church leaders lit upon the idea of troubled relationships . "  Families and marriages are crumbing and we want to do something about it , " said Kendrick , recalling the idea 's genesis . "  God give us the idea . We had no clue what would happen with it . " "  Fireproof " began with a $ 500,000 budget and a fresh crop of church member/actors , but the film got a left-field boost when Cameron , best known as the 1980s heartthrob from the TV series "  Growing Pains , " read the script and asked to get involved . "  All throughout the movie ... there are issues of communications , money , sex , addiction , porn , extramarital affairs , feeling respected at work but not at home , feeling respected by friends but not at home , " Cameron told CNN . The themes resonated with the actor and devout Christian , a husband of 17 years , and father of six , he said . That and the "  cool action scenes , " he added . The makers of "  Fireproof " tapped into the church market , arranging screenings for the National Baptist Pastors ' convention before release and using word-of-mouth among church leaders . However , says Cameron , the film was pitched to general audiences , not necessarily Christians . " ` Fireproof ' was never marketed as a Christian movie . This is a movie about marriage , " Cameron said . "  The fact is , though , the gospel is presented , is done well , and it 's a central part of the storyline . " Although many critics panned "  Fireproof " -- "  as sincere , uncynical and subtlety-free as a Sunday school lecture , " said Variety -- audiences embraced it . "  There 's a huge market out there that 's underserved . That market is there and a lot of people do n't want to go there but there is a huge untapped market , " Cameron said . Paul Dergarabedian , a box office analyst for Hollywood.com , said he was shocked when the movie debuted in the top five its opening weekend . "  With ` Fireproof , ' they really cracked the code with the major success with the film and have this appeal across the board , " he said . "  They did n't follow traditional marketing methods but they did n't need them for this film . ... Maybe that 's why it worked out so well . " He added , "  You 're talking about a very successful property . ... The powers that be that put this together are really on to something . " Churches are using "  Love Dare " and its companion curriculum as a teaching tool , says publisher B&H Publishing 's Andrea Dennis , who calls "  Fireproof " "  a marriage movement . " For Valentine 's Day more than 9,000 churches are scheduled to show the film , many displaying the admonition "  Fireproof Your Marriage " on their signs . B&H believes "  Love Dare " could hang around on the best-seller list -- where it 's already been for 19 weeks -- along the lines of Rick Warren 's "  The Purpose Driven Life . " And the filmmakers have kept their success close to home . Alex Kendrick said the church used the profits from the movie to buy 82 acres of land and build a recreation center for the town , equipped with eight tennis courts , eight basketball courts and an equestrian area . A baseball diamond is on the way . He 's confident "  Fireproof " will remain a successful brand . "  When something grows the only reason it happens is people say it worked and you should try it , " Kendrick said . "  When it works and there 's a legitimate impact , people want to be a part of it . "	"  Fireproof " about a firefighter having marriage problems Film was produced by a church , aimed some marketing at churches "  Fireproof " successful in theaters , now success on DVD , has become a brand
CNN  -- A Southwest Airlines jetliner sustained substantial damage when its nose gear collapsed during landing in New York and it skidded down the runway , injuring 10 people . The National Transportation Safety Board said on Tuesday that the extent of damage to the Boeing 737-700 prompted it to launch a full investigation of Monday 's incident at LaGuardia airport . "  When the nose wheel collapsed it did n't just neatly fold back up there but it produced collateral damage in the nose wheel well , " safety board spokesman Eric Weiss told CNN . Separately , Southwest reached out to Flight 345 passengers , some of whom reported chaos and confusion in the cabin as the plane slid down 7,000-foot Runway 4 with its nose scraping the tarmac . Airline officials , in e-mails obtained by CNN , apologized for the "  unexpected experience " and inconvenience and expressed concern for their well being . Southwest is refunding air fares and sending them complimentary tickets for future travel . Southwest , the largest domestic airline , did not respond to efforts by CNN to confirm the e-mails . Passengers recounted the final harrowing moments of what had been a delayed , but uneventful flight from Nashville . Kathy Boles , a passenger , said a "  strong jolt " shook the cabin when the gear failed and the nose slammed into the tarmac at about 5:40 p.m. ET . "  It was just a bang and a bounce , and then a slam on the brakes and a skidding feeling , " Boles told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360Â ° . " "  I feel extremely blessed to have come off that , " she said . "  It just really felt like the plane could have broken in half , it was such a hard impact . " Fellow passenger Anastasia Elliot said the situation was "  pretty chaotic . " "  We hit the ground pretty hard and slid , " she said . "  There was a lot of smoke filling the plane , just a lot of smoke and burnt rubber . " Another passenger said it felt like the plane crashed and then skidded to a stop . "  Everything in the plane that was loose went flying forward , " Bill Roland said . "  There were cell phones , iPads , books  and  drinks all skidded up . " Passengers escaped the plane down emergency chutes . LaGuardia flight delays related to the incident impacted the morning rush as crews removed the disabled twin-engine jet from the edge of the runway where it came to rest . It was towed to a hangar . By evening , delays had returned , but they were tied to normal stormy summer weather along the East Coast . NTSB protocol involves reviewing cockpit voice and data recorders as well as interviewing crew members and reviewing flight logs and maintenance records . Boeing and the Federal Aviation Administration will also be party to the investigation as is customary . Southwest said in a statement that it was working with the NTSB and Boeing . The plane , which entered service nearly 14 years ago , was last inspected on July 18 , Southwest said . No details about the inspection were released . In addition to 10 hurt on the plane , a Port Authority police officer was treated for heat exhaustion , the agency said . Initially , the FAA said the crew reported a possible nose gear problem before landing but later amended that to say no issues were noted ahead of time after a review of air controller tapes . The 737 has a conventional hydraulic landing gear system -- a unit under each wing and a steerable wheel that extends from under the nose . Pilots can land safely with only the main gear operable as those wheels absorb the weight of the plane when it first meets the runway . The nose is then set down for the remainder of the landing roll . Nose gear problems on commercial jets occur from time to time , but the crew normally would be alerted to any issue during approach by warning lights and would have time to abort a landing or come in on just the back wheels . Southwest is the biggest domestic airline and flies only 737s . It has more than 600 of the workhorse aircraft in its fleet . Monday 's incident followed a runway crash of an Asiana Airlines jetliner in San Francisco last month . Investigators in that crash will not determine a cause for several months at least , but initial attention has focused on actions of the crew during approach . In May : Plane lands without landing gear at Newark CNN 's Caleb Silver , Poppy Harlow , and Mary Snow contributed to this report .	NEW : Southwest reaches out to passengers of Flight 345 The Boeing 737 is moved to a hangar for inspection A passenger describes "  a bang and a bounce " as the nose gear fails Ten people sustained minor injuries when jet skidded on nose after landing
Mexico City  CNN  -- Wal-Mart is investigating its operations in Mexico to determine whether there were violations of the U.S. law that prohibits giving bribes to international officials , the company said in a statement . The retail giant 's announcement comes after a New York Times report detailing what the newspaper said was widespread bribery used by Wal-Mart 's Mexican subsidiary to speed up store construction . Wal-Mart Stores Inc. executives in Bentonville , Arkansas , recommended shutting down an internal review of the alleged bribery even after the lead investigator recommended expanding the investigation , according to the newspaper , which cites former Wal-Mart employees , participants in the company 's investigation and copies of internal review documents . A paper trail found suspect payments in Mexico totaled more than $ 24 million , the newspaper said , citing an internal Wal-Mart review . CNN has not independently confirmed the details in the New York Times report . "  Many of the alleged activities in The New York Times article are more than six years old , " Wal-Mart spokesman David Tovar said in a statement Saturday . "  If these allegations are true , it is not a reflection of who we are or what we stand for . We are deeply concerned by these allegations and are working aggressively to determine what happened . " In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing late last year , Wal-Mart disclosed a probe into whether its workers violated the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act , which prohibits giving bribes to international officials . The retailer said the possible bribes pertained to such matters as obtaining permits and licenses , as well as to inspections . At the time , Tovar said the investigation was "  focused on discrete incidents in specific cases . " "  We take compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act  FCPA  very seriously and are committed to having a strong and effective global anti-corruption program in every country in which we operate , " Tovar said Saturday . "  We will not tolerate noncompliance with FCPA anywhere or at any level of the company . " Tovar said the company began an extensive review related to compliance with the law last year , and has met with the U.S. Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission to disclose the investigation . Alisa Finelli , a Justice Department spokeswoman , declined to comment . A spokesman for the Securities and Exchange Commission could not be immediately reached for comment . The New York Times report cites a former executive , Sergio Cicero Zapata , who resigned from Wal-Mart de Mexico in 2004 . Cicero told the newspaper he had helped organize payoffs to local officials -- including dispatching intermediaries to deliver envelopes full of cash . The aim of the bribes , he said , was to guarantee zoning approvals , reductions in environmental impact fees and support from neighborhood leaders , according to the newspaper . After resigning , Cicero alerted a senior Wal-Mart lawyer about the deals in 2005 , prompting an internal investigation , the New York Times said . Wal-Mart de Mexico y Centroamerica , the company 's subsidiary in Mexico , said in a statement that it is "  fully committed to complying with the laws of the countries where it operates , including any state or municipal regulations pertaining to the application for licenses and permits . " "  The allegations in the recent New York Times article , if true , do not accurately reflect Wal-Mart de Mexico y Centroamerica 's culture , " the statement continued . Mexico was the first country in Wal-Mart 's international division . Wal-Mart has 2,099 retail units in the country , including 213 supercenters , according to a company fact sheet . CNNMoney 's Julia Talanova contributed to this report .	The retail giant says bribery allegations are "  not a reflection of who we are or what we stand for " A report says Wal-Mart 's Mexico subsidiary used bribery to speed up store construction An internal review found suspect payments totaling more than $ 24 million , the report says Wal-Mart says it began an investigation over compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act last year
CNN  -- Production of musician Gregg Allman 's biopic "  Midnight Rider " has been halted following the death of a 27-year-old camera assistant who was struck and killed by a freight train near Savannah , Georgia , according to Savannah 's film office . Last week 's death of Sarah Elizabeth Jones rocked the local film community , with many asking who was to blame . A group of friends set up a Facebook page in tribute to Jones with a simple call to action : "  Sarah Elizabeth Jones , friend and family to so many , made every day awesome . Show your slate love here along with all the good stories of her life . " "  The production of ` Midnight Rider ' has been halted in Savannah , " film office spokesperson William Hammargren told CNN Friday . "  The production company withdrew all their existing permit requests and indicated they would not be requesting more at this time . " A preliminary report on the February 20 accident -- which also injured six crew members -- from the National Transportation Safety Board said the CSX Transportation train , with two locomotives and 37 cars , was traveling about 58 mph . The maximum authorized train speed at the railroad trestle where the accident occurred was 70 mph . Jones and others were filming on train tracks at the time of the accident , according to a police report from the Wayne County Sheriff 's Office . Film crew members from various countries have been sharing photo tributes , holding clapboards with messages of remembrance for Jones . There hundreds of images shared on the Facebook group Slates for Sarah , which was created on Monday . As of Friday , more than 50,000 people had liked the page . Friends and co-workers are asking the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to add Jones ' name to the In Memoriam list displayed during the Oscars this weekend . So far , there has been no comment from the Academy . Jones ' primary job on set was to operate the slate at the beginning of each take . Jones , an Atlanta resident and member of the International Cinematographers Guild , used her "  spunk and determination " to climb up in the industry , according to her obituary . Gregg Allman , the focus of the movie Jones was working on , shared his condolences . "  I am so terribly saddened by the news of the tragedy that took the young life of Sarah Elizabeth Jones on the film set , " he wrote on his website Saturday . "  My thoughts and prayers go out to her family , friends and colleagues during this time of mourning . " Actors who worked on set with her , notably stars from "  The Vampire Diaries , " as well as crew members from TV shows "  Glee , " "  Scandal " and "  Downton Abbey , " are among the hundreds who have shared messages of "  RIP Sarah Jones . " CNN 's Christina Zdanowicz contributed to this report .	Sarah Elizabeth Jones , 27 , was hit and killed by a train on set Her death rocked local film community , with many asking who was to blame Preliminary NTSB report says train was traveling about 58 mph
CNN  -- It is the implicit bargain every moviegoer makes . You buy your ticket , you go into an auditorium full of people you do n't know , you look toward the front of the room , the lights go down -- and in the darkness , you are safe . On the screen in front of you , startling things may be going on : gunfights , automobile wrecks , romances suddenly turned dramatically ugly . You have willingly suspended disbelief ; for two hours , you have voluntarily joined into the story looming so large in front of your eyes that you have pushed aside the fact that you are still just you sitting in a room in your town . The most dangerous things can be taking place in the front of that room , yet you are secure and protected . There is a cocoon that the moviegoing experience provides , and every time you step into a theater you are back inside of it . Entertainment : Shooting casts pall over ` Dark Knight Rises ' Of all the haunting thoughts that have accompanied the tragedy this weekend in Aurora , Colorado , one of the hardest to shake is that of all the people who -- as they had always done at the movies -- were sitting in their seats in the minutes before the lights dimmed , staring straight ahead , and hoping that something good will come of the night . That word -- hope -- is one that is forever attached to the act of going to the movies . Roger Ebert , a friend of 40 years , once told me that no matter how many movies he has seen , he always enters a theater hoping that by the time he emerges into the light of the mundane workaday world something will have happened on the screen at the front of the theater to make him glad that he has spent the time . If you do n't walk into a movie theater hoping , then there is no reason to make the trip . So the thought of those men and women in Colorado leaving their homes Thursday evening , the thought of them making their way down the aisle and choosing their seats and , with anticipation of something pleasurable , of something memorable , settling in and casting their eyes upon the screen ... . The thought of that is heartbreaking precisely because the rest of us can all imagine it . We 've all been there . Living : Infants too young for late-night movies ? The one thing you would never expect -- that someone with murder in his heart will be looking back toward all the eyes , will be standing in the one place no one is supposed to stand , will be peering away from the screen and into that roomful of hopeful faces -- is what makes the thought of what happened almost unbearable . What is the phrase that every parent has told a nervous child when things on the screen become a little scary ? "  It 's only a movie . " What is the variation of that phrase that Hollywood studios have used to entice ticket buyers to horror films ? "  You 'll have to keep telling yourself , ` It 's only a movie . ' " No one is supposed to intrude upon the space between the audience and the screen . To do so would be to shatter the illusion . News : Life and death decisions in Aurora theater It was shattered in unthinkable ways in Colorado this week . There is an old Life magazine photo , taken to illustrate the magic of the movies , that is so glorious because it shows the one scene that moviegoers never witness . The photographer positioned his camera at the front of a movie theater and snapped the shutter as all of the people in the seats are gazing upward at the story on the screen . Their faces are bathed in the light from the movie . They are in the midst of a journey . Going to the movies means turning yourself over , giving up control , opening yourself up to whatever may come next at the front of the room . iReporter : ` Does entertainment industry have a responsibility ? ' And that is so much a part of the sorrow of what happened in Colorado . For the families of those killed and maimed , the very thought of going to the movies will now eternally feel like a dagger to the soul . For the rest of us who read about it and hear about it and report on it , it is unlikely that those moments at the movies just after the lights are doused will soon feel the way they did before . It is that implicit bargain : We sit in the dark , in a room with people we know nothing about . News : Suspect called himself ` The Joker ' And then , when the lights come up again , all is calm and sedate . The world outside , the world we truly know , awaits our return . A night at the movies is supposed to grant that promise , that happy ending .	Bob Greene : Movie-going gives us the illusion of adventure in the reality of a safe dark room The tragic shootings in Colorado shatter the sense of safety moviegoers feel , he says Greene : The movies promise us a happy ending , a return to the familiar world we know Everyone can empathize with the shock felt by the victims , he says
Alexandria , Egypt  CNN  -- Emotional congregants returned to their church Sunday in Alexandria , Egypt , mourning the loss of fellow worshippers in a bombing a day earlier . Inside the Church of the Two Saints , grisly reminders of the explosion -- believed to be caused by a suicide bomber -- remained as tearful worshippers lighted candles to honor the dead . Broken glass and debris littered the church 's interior and portions of the walls were splattered with blood . Outside , a heavy police presence guarded the church . At least 21 people were killed and 97 others injured in Saturday 's blast , which occurred shortly after midnight as Coptic Christians were attending services at the church , according to Egyptian government officials . Evidence indicates that a suicide bomber caused the blast , the country 's interior ministry said Saturday , though witnesses reported seeing a car parked outside the church explode . "  Why would my son or brother go to celebrate the mass by prayer , not by drinking or doing drugs or anything like that , but by praying in the church , and then this would happen to them at the church gate ? " one worshipper said Sunday . "  What religion or law , whatever it is , would approve what happened yesterday ? " Another worshipper at the church said she lost three family members in the attack . "  What did we do to them ? Nothing ! We live together  Copts and Muslims  and nothing happens . How would they do this to us , hurt us and make us orphans ? " she said . Copts , who are adherents of an Egyptian sect of Christianity , make up about 9 % of the nation 's population . About 90 % of Egyptians are Muslims . A small group of Coptic men held a demonstration against the attack about a block away from the church Sunday . Tensions have been running high between Egypt 's Muslim majority and minority Christians . The U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom said in November that 10 Coptic Christian homes and several businesses were burned and looted in Qena province in southern Egypt following rumors of a romantic relationship between a Christian man and Muslim woman . World leaders , including U.S. President Barack Obama and Pope Benedict XVI , condemned Saturday 's bombing . "  The perpetrators of this attack were clearly targeting Christian worshippers , and have no respect for human life and dignity , " Obama said in a statement . "  They must be brought to justice for this barbaric and heinous act . " But Bishop Makar , the spokesman for the Church of the Two Saints , downplayed sectarian tensions in the region . "  In the beginning , we thought the attack was sectarian , to be honest , " he said Sunday . "  But now we 're quite certain that it has nothing to do with sectarianism especially that we have little sectarianism in Egypt . The vast majority are good and love each other . Here in our area by the way we have no sectarian issues at all . " A nearby mosque was also damaged in the blast and eight Muslims were among the wounded , the interior ministry said . Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak called for a swift investigation of the "  criminal act " and urged Egyptians to stand together "  in the face of ... terrorism and those who want to disrupt the nation 's security , stability and unity of its people , " presidential spokesman Ambassador Sulaiman Awad said Saturday . Alexandria Gov. Adil Labib told state-run Nile TV that samples from the scene had been sent to a government lab as part of an investigation . Authorities believe the bomber was killed in the blast , Egypt 's Interior Ministry said in a statement Saturday . Forensic testing confirmed that the explosive device used was homemade and contained nails and ball-bearings , the statement said . "  The attack targeted all Egyptians and not just our Coptic brethren , " Labib said , according to the country 's official Middle East News Agency  MENA  . Mubarak has vowed to find the perpetrators of the attack , saying in an address to the nation Saturday that "  this terrorism act has shocked us , hurt hearts of the Egyptians , Muslims and Coptics . " CNN 's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	Worshippers at church where blast occurred mourn the loss of fellow congregants An explosion Saturday killed at least 21 people and injured 97 others A church spokesman downplays reports of sectarianism in the region The Egyptian president has vowed to find the perpetrators of the attack
CNN  -- A prominent Syrian opposition figure was arrested in a suburb of Damascus on Friday , according to witnesses and his wife , and protests sweeping across the country left at least 21 civilians and 10 security officers dead . Riad Seif , a one-time Syrian lawmaker once said to have the appeal and charisma of South African statesman and former freedom fighter Nelson Mandela , was arrested during demonstrations close to the Al Hasan mosque in Maydan , a suburb of the capital . This comes as government troops have been battling pro-reform protesters across the country over the past month and a half , and clashes between security forces and protesters have intensified on Friday after weekly Muslim prayers . The tenacious demonstrations and the fierce government crackdown has garnered widespread international attention from many nations , the European Union and the United Nations . The White House press secretary Friday condemned the Syrian government 's use of violence and mass arrests and saluted "  the courage of Syrian protesters for insisting on their right to express themselves and we regret the loss of life on all sides . " In a statement , the press secretary 's office made reference to recent sanctions against top members and elements of the Syrian regime of Bashar al-Assad responsible for overseeing the recent violent crackdown against protesters . Human rights group Amnesty International says more than 500 people have been killed during the clashes and thousands more were rounded up for questioning . Seif 's wife , Pelican Mourad , told CNN : "  His nephew witnessed Riad being arrested among tens of other protesters and taken in a bus . " Mourad said her husband was released from prison only last August . He had been arrested in January 2008 for convening a meeting of what was called the "  Damascus Declaration , " a pro-democracy group . Seif was a member of the Syrian Parliament in the 1990s before being detained in 2001 , when he organized a seminar that called for political reforms and democratic elections . He also was stripped of his parliamentary immunity . It was the first of many times over the following decade that he was held . A U.S. diplomatic cable written in 2006 suggested that Seif could become a rallying figure for the opposition . The cable , written at the U.S. Embassy in Damascus , was obtained by WikiLeaks . It said the regime regarded Seif "  as a potential Mandela-type figure on the Syrian political scene . " The cable suggested that the government was scrambling to minimize his influence and split the fledgling opposition movement . After his arrest Friday , his wife said she is very worried for his health . "  Riad is sick with cancer for which he needs a daily medicine , " she said . She added that she was trying to find out which branch of the security forces had detained him so she could deliver his medication . Seif has been battling prostate cancer for several years . In 2007 , the U.S. State Department called on the Syrian government to allow Seif to leave the country so that he could receive urgent medical treatment . Demonstrations broke out across many provinces and cities in Syria , with security forces relying heavily on the army and the regime 's guard to disperse demonstrations . A human rights activist told CNN at least 21 civilians died in two Syrian cities when security forces opened fire on civilians Friday . At least 15 people were killed in Homs and six others were killed in Hama , according to Ammar Qurabi , chairman of the National Organization for Human Rights in Syria . Ten Syrian soldiers and policemen were killed in Homs by "  armed terrorist groups , " according to state-run news agency SANA . Some members of the groups were killed as well , SANA said Friday . State TV reported that about 50 people took part in "  acts of hooliganism " in Damascus . They blocked roads , threw stones and started fires , the report said . In the Damascus suburb of Barzah , army tanks are present and the western city of Banias is surrounded by tanks and army presence is heavy . In Jableh , security forces opened fire and there have been reports of injuries . In Tal , there are reports of demonstrators taking fire from security but there have been no reports of casualties . State TV reported that the Syrian military began pulling out of Daraa on Thursday after a mission to "  restore security and calm , " but an activist told CNN that the troops still remain in the city . In the past seven days alone says 3,000 people have been arrested . So many people were arrested that the central stadium in Daraa has been transformed into a makeshift prison by the army and Syrian security forces . A European Union official who does n't want to be named told CNN that the EU has agreed to impose sanctions on 13 Syrian officials involved in the regime 's crackdown on protesters . The sanctions include asset freeze and travel ban , and will be enforced early next week said the official . President Bashar al-Assad is not on the list , the official said , "  but we keep the list under constant review and we can always add names if necessary . " Britain 's Foreign Secretary William Hague , who said sanctions are against 14 individuals , said the EU "  is sending a clear message that we will act against those who brutalize peaceful protesters and seek to repress their legitimate aspirations for reform . " U.N. officials said on Friday a U.N. humanitarian assessment team will enter Syria in the next few days , with the flashpoint city of Daraa as a destination . Humanitarian agencies Friday brought two truckloads of food , baby milk and medical supplies to Daraa residents , hard-hit by the government 's security clampdown . A 15-member team from the International Committee of the Red Cross , the Syrian Arab Red Crescent and the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies entered the city . CNN has not been granted access into Syria and is unable to independently verify witness accounts . But CNN has spoken with witnesses , some of whom have also reported what they see via social networking sites and have posted homemade videos . Reports also have been compiled by human rights organizations . CNN 's Rima Maktabi and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	NEW : White House press secretary condemns Syrian government At least 10 security forces were killed in Homs , state news agency says 21 civilian deaths across Syria on Friday , activist said Opposition figure Riad Seif is arrested , his wife says
London  CNN  -- It 's midsummer in London and it 's raining . For once , however , everyone seems very pleased about the matter . Londoners are used to summer showers but they 'd never seen anything like this as a helicopter hovered over the London Eye , scattering 100,000 poems on to the delighted crowds below . The "  Rain of Poems " is the idea of a Chilean arts collective called Casagrande and follows similar stunts in cities that have suffered from aerial bombardment during wartime from Berlin to Santiago , Gernica to Dubrovnik . Casagrande 's Cristoball Brianchi says the forthcoming Olympic Games made London the perfect target . "  This time we have included one poet from each of the countries participating in the Olympic Games so when you see all of these poems in the sky what you are seeing is the story , the literature of all these different places . " But logistics threaten to replace lyricism among Cristobal 's list of priorities . "  I have become a weather specialist . I have to calculate wind direction , the wind speed as well as the rules of civil aviation . " In the event , Cristobal 's command of wind speed proves inadequate and the first batch of poems is carried away from the crowd , sending people scurrying through side streets in pursuit of poetry . Eventually , the chopper moves to a more suitable position from which the delightful deluge can hit its mark . Soon Jubilee Gardens are full of laughter as poem-baggers run to and fro , leaping in the air and diving on the grass to snare their quarry . If Â # 50 notes had replaced the bookmark-sized poems there could barely have been a happier response . The "  Rain of Poems " marks the beginning of what is being described as the biggest ever gathering of international poets . The event is called "  Poetry Parnassus " -- named after Mount Parnassus , known in Greek mythology as the spiritual home of poetry , the stamping ground of the lyricist Orpheus and the hang-out for the Muses . The event has attracted poets of all ages , continents and literary stature -- from Nobel Laureates Seamus Heaney  Ireland  and Wole Soyinka  Nigeria  to Poet Laureates Kay Ryan  U.S.  to Bill Manhire  New Zealand  . Many arrived in London with incredible stories to tell . Jang Jin Seong was court poet to North Korea 's Kim Jong-il . When his disillusionment with the regime became too much to bear he fled across the Tumen River carrying seventy of his poems . He now lives in South Korea separated from his family but free to express his thoughts about his native country . Poetry Parnassus is part of the South Bank Centre 's "  Festival of the World , " in turn part of the Cultural Olympiad , designed to spread the Olympic fervor beyond sport to the arts . Londoners at the "  Rain of Poems " embraced this idea . "  It 's very important because not everyone has tickets for the Olympics so events like this mean everyone can take part . " "  A lot of the things that are in the Cultural Olympics are free and you do n't have to pay an extortionate amount to go and see a celebration when you 've got a thousand people here having fun and all it is is poems falling from the sky , which is something that does n't happen every day . " A beaming among the crowds turned out to be Christian Leon -- Cultural Attache at London 's Chilean Embassy , who was proud that his countrymen had staged the Rain of Poems . "  You feel like a little child running to catch one of those lovely poems and as you know Chile is the country of poets with two Nobel Prizes in Literature -- both of them poets . It 's the best thing we can bring to this country in order to celebrate the Olympics . " As the deluge of verse continued , people on the ground began to get in touch with their own inner poet . The area was soon awash with whimsical people reading aloud to each other . A team of cleaners was on hand to gather up any mess -- in the event most of the poems were gathered up and taken home by those who found them -- and any poems which fell in the nearby River Thames were designed to dissolve , leaving no trace of poetry on the ground . But it was clear that poetry had left its mark on many who witnessed the curious event . People like Attache Leon , who told us : "  Poetry is life . Poetry is happiness . Poetry is absolutely everything ! "	Helicopter hovers over central London , scattering 100,000 poems on to delighted crowds One poet included from each country participating in Olympic Games "  Rain of Poems " marks beginning of what is being described as biggest gathering of poets
CNN  -- The chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission is expected Monday to visit a Nebraska power plant surrounded by Missouri River floodwater . The Fort Calhoun Nuclear Station , about 20 miles north of Omaha , Nebraska , is one of two in the state that has been getting increased attention from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission amid historic flooding along the Missouri River . The Fort Calhoun plant , which has been shut down since April for refueling , has as much as two feet of water in places . The plant 's parking lot is among the areas flooded , requiring plant workers to navigate a catwalk to reach the plant . The other plant , Cooper Nuclear Station , sits on higher ground and continues to operate . NRC Chairman Gregory Jaczko is scheduled to visit the Fort Calhoun plant on Monday morning . Although an inflatable water-filled structure called an aqua berm surrounding the plant was punctured by machinery early Sunday morning , key areas of the facility are not in danger of being flooded , the NRC and the owner of the Fort Calhoun plant said . "  The plant is still protected . This was an additional , a secondary , level of protection that we had put up , " said Mike Jones , a spokesman for the Omaha Public Power District . "  The plant remains protected to the level it would have been if the aqua berm had not been added . " Plant workers briefly switched to diesel backup generators to keep nuclear fuel at the site cool because water had gotten too close to electrical transformers , Jeff Hanson , a spokesman for the utility , said Monday . The plant was again drawing power from the electrical grid , he said . In addition to the berm , authorities have put in place floodgates , sandbags and other barriers to help protect the facility . As precautions , workers have been given satellite phones and extra food is stockpiled at the plant according to the NRC . Plant managers also have brought in additional diesel fuel should the site lose electricity , according to the NRC . The aqua berm -- an 8-foot-tall , water-filled berm , 16 feet wide at its base -- surrounded the reactor containment structure and auxiliary buildings , according to the NRC . A representative of the manufacturer is at the plant helping assess whether the berm can be repaired , Hanson said . With or without the berm , the chances of floodwater getting into the building where the core is kept are almost zero , said Dave Van Der Kamp , with the Nebraska Public Power District . The plant is designed to withstand water up to 1,014 feet above mean sea level , according to the Omaha Public Power District . The river currently stands at 1,006.3 feet and is not expected to exceed 1,008 feet , the OPPD said . "  We built the plant up high enough based on history , based on the flooding in the past . If the flood would rise for some reason above that level we have taken precautions , again , per our procedures to sandbag the important equipment for the reactors , " Van Der Kamp said . It was catastrophic flooding from Japan 's March 11 tsunami that knocked out cooling systems at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , resulting in three reactors melting down and producing the worst nuclear disaster since Chernobyl . This year 's Midwestern flooding has also led to a spate of rumors about the Fort Calhoun plant that OPPD and the NRC have been trying to knock down . The utility has set up a "  flood rumor control " page to reassure the public that there has been no release of radioactivity from the plant . An electrical fire June 7 did knock out cooling to its spent fuel storage pool for about 90 minutes , but the coolant water did not reach a boiling point before backup pumps went into service , it has said . Heavy rainfall in Montana and North Dakota , combined with melting snow from the Rocky Mountains , have sent the Missouri surging downstream this summer . The river washed over and punched through levees in northwestern Missouri , spurring authorities to urge about 250 nearby residents to leave their homes . The 6 to 12 inches of rainfall in the upper Missouri basin in the past few weeks is nearly a normal year 's worth , and runoff from the mountain snowpack is 140 % of normal , according to forecasters . The Missouri River is forecast to remain at record or near-record levels from south of Omaha all the way to Atchison , Kansas , into next week . The flooding is affecting communities in Nebraska , Kansas and Missouri . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : Aqua berm manufacturer at Nebraska power plant for a repair effort The inflatable berm surrounding key buildings deflated Sunday The Fort Calhoun plant remains secure , its owner says Some of the grounds are under water
Baghdad  CNN  -- Security forces in northern Iraq found a mass grave containing scores of people killed during the height of sectarian violence last decade , police told CNN on Saturday . At least 153 bodies were discovered in Buhriz , just south of Baquba in Diyala province -- a region north and east of Baghdad that endured waves of violence during the Iraqi war . Baquba police Lt. Col. Ghalib Atiya al-Jabouri said the victims included civilians , police and soldiers slain during the height of sectarian violence between 2005 and 2008 . Iraq had been engulfed by fighting between Sunni and Shiite Muslims . Buhriz , he said , had been controlled by al Qaeda in Iraq between 2006 and 2008 . Some victims were blindfolded and others had their hands tied behind their backs , signs of al Qaeda in Iraq activity . The Iraqi Red Crescent has registered thousands of missing persons in Iraq since just after the war started .	At least 153 corpses were found The location is in Diyala province The killings occurred during sectarian strife
CNN  -- World cycling 's governing body , the International Cycling Union  UCI  , have expressed their concern at the financial situation surrounding Lance Armstrong 's Astana team . Armstrong  fourth left  and his team-mates could be riding for a new sponsor if the team 's money problems continue . The team , which apart from Armstrong has a number of high-profile riders including current Giro d'Italia and Vuelta Espana champion Alberto Contador and top American Levi Leipheimer , is financially supported by a consortium of Kazakh-based companies . However , with the global recession continuing to bite , the Kazakh cycling federation has already been forced to overcome a shortfall in riders ' salaries this year . This comes amid reports that the team 's sponsors are reluctant to commit further , a situation that could lead to the UCI to withdraw Astana 's professional racing licence . UCI president Pat McQuaid will travel to the city of Astana , the Kazakhstan capital , later this month to discuss the matter and try to find a resolution . "  He  McQuaid  will take the opportunity to talk about that , because we are concerned , " Enrico Carpani , the UCI 's chief press officer , told Press Association Sport . Astana are among the starters for this year 's Giro , which begins in Venice on Saturday , but doubts remain whether the team will appear in the same guise for the 2009 Tour de France , which begins in Monaco on July 4 . A team spokesman was adamant the issue can be resolved . Philippe Maertens told Press Association Sport . "  For the moment , there is no problem . If the sponsors pay again , nothing is lost . " If the sponsors fail to stump up the required revenue , team chief Johann Bruyneel , who mentored Armstrong to all seven of his Tour de France victories , could have a number of options which should see them able to continue , including finding another title sponsor . Cancer survivor Armstrong returned to cycling this year , after a three-year absence , to promote his Livestrong campaign and the battle against the illness . The 37-year-old American is immune to Astana 's financial plight as he does not receive a salary from the team , relying on his long-term sponsors such as Nike , Oakley and Trek . Because of Armstrong 's unique situation within the team there is also the possibility that the American could take over sponsorship himself , to further promote the Lovestrong campaign , or have the necessary contacts to bring in another major sponsor .	The International Cycling Union have expressed concern at Astana 's situation Lance Armstrong 's Kazakh-based team reportedly having financial problems Kazakh cycling federation been forced to overcome shortfall in riders ' salaries
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama declared Monday that his stimulus plan is "  starting to work " and that 2,000 transportation projects -- costing much less than expected -- are under way . President Obama on Monday says the transportation projects will help create or save jobs . "  Competition for these projects is so fierce , and contractors are doing such a good job cutting costs , the projects are consistently coming in under budget , " Obama said Monday . The president gave a rapid-fire list of savings : a bid for road work in Connecticut is $ 8.4 million less than the state budgeted ; Louisiana has a project coming in $ 4.7 million less than expected ; projects in Colorado are averaging about 30 percent under the state forecast ; and some bids in California are nearly half of what the state projected . The administration said those savings will stretch the agency 's $ 48 billion stimulus budget . "  Our recovery dollars can go further , and we can do more projects , " said Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said . "  This is great news . " LaHood hosted the president and vice president at his department 's headquarters in Washington for the announcement . Officials did not give an overall estimate of money saved from competitive bids . The three leaders also claimed a victory in the amount of transportation work approved so far , saying the agency has approved its 2,000 th infrastructure project as part of the stimulus . "  Some may have thought it would have taken months to get to this point , " Obama said , "  but we have approved these projects in just 41 days . " Watch as Obama says projects are coming in ahead of schedule " The stimulus bill was signed February 17 , but transportation dollars did not begin flowing until later . The president said the 2,000 th transportation project to receive stimulus funds is one to widen and add an overpass to a stretch of Interstate 94 near Portage , Michigan . Vice President Joseph Biden plans to attend the groundbreaking in June . Obama said the highway projects from the stimulus bill will create or save 150,000 jobs by the end of next year . He pointed to the aggressive contractor interest in transportation projects , along with tax cuts going to millions of families from the stimulus plan , and implied it marks a turning point in the economic recovery effort . "  Today , I think it 's safe to say that this plan is beginning to work , " the president said .	NEW : President Obama : "  Projects are consistently coming in under budget " Stimulus dollars have funded 2,000 transportation projects , officials say Administration says savings will stretch $ 48 billion stimulus budget for infrastructure Officials did n't give overall estimate of money saved from competitive bids
New York  CNN  -- Robert F. Kennedy 's son , Douglas , faces misdemeanor charges over an incident at a New York hospital last month in which he knocked down a nurse while holding his newborn son , attorneys for both sides say . He was arraigned Thursday on harassment and child endangerment charges , both attorneys said . Kennedy -- a Fox News contributor -- was trying to take his newborn son for a walk "  to get fresh air " outside Northern Westchester Hospital in Mount Kisco , when two nurses intervened to prevent him from leaving , they said . Kennedy , who was accompanied by a hospital doctor , allegedly twisted the arm of one nurse to move her away from a door and kicked another after she approached him on January 7 , according to Elliot Taub , the attorney for both nurses . The doctor who accompanied Kennedy , Timothy Haydock , was a longtime family friend , who said the nurses had initially agreed to let Kennedy take the baby outside . "  The nurses were the only aggressors , " Haydock said in a statement delivered by Kennedy 's attorney . But Taub said both nurses had not recognized Kennedy as the child 's father and intended to protect the baby , who apparently had not been discharged . They were trying to enforce hospital rules , Taub said . Kennedy denied those allegations , saying "  the nurse had no right to grab our child out of his father 's arms . " His attorney , Robert Gottlieb , said his client was "  calm and considerate " and only became aggressive when the two nurses tried to take the baby . Gottlieb said one nurse said to Kennedy , " ` Absolutely not , ' and got very aggressive . " "  Dr. Haydock told the nurses he was going to go with  Kennedy  , " according to Gottlieb , who said the baby was wrapped in a blanket and had a cap on his head . "  He was n't kidnapping him , obviously . " Gottlieb said one of the nurses then lunged for the baby . He said Kennedy then pushed the nurse with his knee , prompting the woman to fall backwards onto the hospital floor . Mount Kisco police not were immediately available for comment . The late Robert F. Kennedy was the younger brother of slain President John F. Kennedy and a former U.S. attorney general and U.S. senator . He was assassinated in 1968 while campaigning for the Democratic presidential nomination .	Douglas Kennedy was arraigned Thursday on on misdemeanor charges He knocked down a nurse while he was holding his newborn son , attorneys say Kennedy wanted to take his son out for some "  fresh air , " attorneys say Douglas Kennedy is the son of the late U.S. Sen. Robert F. Kennedy
CNN  -- Tiger Woods will go into the final round of The Barclays four shots off the lead after completing his second successive round of two-under-par 69 . It marked a slight improvement after the world No. 1 ended his rain-delayed second round five shots behind the same pacemaker , Matt Kuchar , earlier Saturday . However , Kuchar -- who can move to the top of the FedEx Cup standings above current leader Woods if he wins the $ 1.44 million first prize -- was caught at the top by fellow American Gary Woodland after 54 holes . Kuchar carded a third-round 70 , while Woodland went around two shots better to join him on 12 under . They were one shot ahead of Kevin Chappell , who broke the course record at Liberty National in New Jersey with a flawless nine-birdie 62 . It was the second time he has posted that score this season , and lifted the 27-year-old up from 43rd place at the halfway stage . Kuchar , 35 , triumphed at The Barclays in 2010 when it was played at Ridgewood Country Club , and is seeking his third victory this year . Woods -- who has won a leading five times on the PGA Tour in 2013 -- moved up from a tie for eighth as he birdied two of his last three holes . He also started with a birdie , but three bogeys in five holes in the windy conditions set him back again . However , the 14-time major winner got a shot back at the eighth hole and picked up another at 13 before a strong finish left him in a tie for fourth with Englishman David Lynn , who also shot 69 . U.S. Open champion Justin Rose was in a group tied for sixth on seven under , along with Bubba Watson , Jim Furyk and Rickie Fowler . Masters winner Adam Scott dropped back to a tie for 13th after suffering a double-bogey in his 72 . The Australian was level with former world No. 1 Rory McIlroy , who had three birdies and three bogeys in his 71 , 2012 U.S. Open champion Webb Simpson  74  and Sergio Garcia  71  . British Open champion Phil Mickelson moved up nine places to a tie for 34th after a 70 , but was not happy with his game . "  I hit a lot of good shots and made a lot of good swings , " the veteran left-hander said . "  I was sloppy , though , and I did n't score well , and Sunday is going to be an important day for me , because I just want to put it together . " Last year 's FedEx Cup champion Brandt Snedeker , in his third tournament since several months off battling bone disease , missed the halfway cut by one shot after a 71 . Graeme McDowell , Ian Poulter and Ernie Els were among the other high-profile names to also drop out in the $ 8 million event .	Matt Kuchar and Gary Woodland lead The Barclays by one shot after round three Kevin Chappell in second place after breaking course record with 62 on Saturday Tiger Woods four shots back on eight under following his second successive 69 World No. 1 tied for fourth with Englishman David Lynne in New Jersey
CNN  -- He was barely a teenager , while on the other side of the net stood his country 's most famous face . A towering figure who had won Wimbledon just one year earlier . Despite the pressure , budding tennis star Marin Cilic handled both his nerves and his racquet well enough to impress Goran Ivanisevic . "  It was an extremely huge experience for me , " Cilic , now 26 , told CNN of his date with destiny in the Croatian capital Zagreb . "  He had been my idol , like for most of the kids in Croatia . He 'd just won Wimbledon and there I was -- a 14-year-old kid playing tennis with him . "  It was a dream come true . " It was an experience that also launched Cilic 's career . Ivanisevic was so struck by the youngster 's potential he recommended that his old coach , Bob Brett , oversee his development . The Australian duly did so and shortly after , Cilic served a more formal notice of his talents when winning the French Open boys ' title in 2005 -- beating top seed Andy Murray in the semifinals . The pair would work together until May 2013 , separating just weeks before the former would learn he had failed a doping test in April . That seismic news was broken to the big server in June , prompting Cilic to immediately quit the ongoing Wimbledon championships , albeit citing a knee injury as he did so . As he awaited the fallout for what he has always claimed was an innocent mistake -- saying he inadvertently ingested a banned substance while in France , as he did n't realize that his regular glucose tablets were manufactured differently there -- Cilic turned to his boyhood hero . "  It was the obvious decision , " he says . "  Goran was around me and my team before , and he was a close friend . When I stopped with Bob , Goran and I talked about whether he could help me or not . He felt I could improve a lot . " He was spot on . Despite previously stating he has three personalities -- ` Good Goran ' , ` Bad Goran ' and 'Em ergency Goran ' for when things go wrong -- Ivanisevic 's expertise has resulted in Cilic 's most successful season . He has improved his protÃ © gÃ © 's serve and mental strength , and Cilic credits him with the sense of enjoyment he is largely having on court . Checkered Start Yet they came together at a time when Cilic 's career was looking as checkered as Croatia 's famous red-and-white flag . He was serving his nine-month doping ban , an act that often proves toxic for fans , media and sponsors , yet the duo were able to start to wrestle back credibility when the suspension was cut on appeal in October 2013 . By then , Cilic 's ranking had dropped from 12th to 47th . Exactly one year later , Cilic had achieved his highest ever rating -- number 8 -- and also had a grand slam success to look back on . In September , he beat Japan 's Kei Nishikori to win the U.S. Open , a success made all the sweeter by not losing a single set in the final , semifinal -- when he trounced Roger Federer -- or the quarterfinal against Tomas Berdych . His combination with Ivanisevic has been alchemical at times . "  Belief , " the 6ft 6in right-hander replies simply to the question as to what is the biggest thing the colorful Croat has given his compatriot . . "  I think I am capable of making it to the top and being able to win big events . " By a quirk of serendipity , Cilic also feels the four months he was out of the game in 2013 contributed to his fantastic 2014 , which delivered four titles -- double his previous best for any season . "  Those four months were very tough , it was a difficult time but I learned a lot of things , " explained the world no. 9 . "  I matured as a person and I became more specific with the priorities in my life and what I wanted to achieve in my career . "  I feel I pushed myself much more this year and I was a little bit more motivated -- that always gives you a bit extra and when you are at the top of tennis , even 1 % makes a big difference . "  I feel that the things I did last year , where I was working and preparing for the season , helped me to achieve what I achieved this year . "  When I started this season , I felt really good -- maybe the best ever . " While his period in the wilderness helped recharge his batteries and contributed to his memorable year , the extent of his success may also have led to his only real blemish for 2014 . Last week , Cilic made his debut at the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals but he struggled in London , losing all his matches in a challenging group involving eventual champion Novak Djokovic , Berdych and Stan Wawrinka . "  It 's a little bit disappointing to play like this . I was not expecting it , " he said after winning just six games in his opening two matches . "  But I feel a little bit tired , and the body feels a little bit tired on the court . " Tears of Joy His fatigued body may receive a timely boost next week if a long-awaited parcel from New York pitches up in the post . It will revive memories of a month when he played the ` greatest tennis ' of his life , even if he says he 's watched a DVD of the Flushing Meadows final at least 10 times already . " "  The replica trophy still has n't come , believe it or not . It 's still being made in New York so hopefully it will arrive next week , " he said . "  It 's going to be at my apartment in Zagreb and I 'm going to have to polish it -- every day ! " His U.S. Open triumph made Cilic one of only three men outside the Big Four to have won a grand slam since 2005 , with Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro and Switzerland 's Wawrinka being the others . Like the man he befriended as a 14-year-old , Cilic 's success has also turned him into a standout star in his homeland . "  I did n't think it was going to mean that much but when I came back , I realized the extent of its effect on people , " said the man nicknamed ` Chila ' by his friends . "  It was one of the best moments of Croatian sports ever but I did n't think it was going to change people 's lives for that week or month -- because everybody I saw was extremely happy . "  They were unbelievably proud and whoever I saw on the street was congratulating me . That was the satisfaction for me that I could -- with my job and this achievement -- make people so happy . " On the day itself , even his boyhood idol shed a tear .	2014 has been Marin Cilic 's most successful year 26-year-old won four titles , including first major grand slam , the U.S. Open , in September Croatian has had to wrestle back credibility following failed doping test in April 2013 Big server says his time out of the game has contributed to his fantastic year
Dubai , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- During London Mayor Boris Johnson 's recent visit to Dubai on an investment promotion trip , he jokingly declared that he is "  mayor of the eighth emirate . " Though uttered in typical self-deprecating jest , the mayor of the world 's greatest city proclaiming that London is a mere province of the United Arab Emirates is revealing about how Dubai 's fortunes have revived since the punishing real estate crash and debt restructuring following the financial crisis . With the UK economy slumping so severely that the IMF has recommended it reconsider its austerity policy , Johnson has to look abroad to maintain London 's economic dynamism . He particularly appealed to the UAE 's sovereign wealth funds  such as the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority and Mubadala  to invest in London 's underground subway upgrades  not that Emiratis are regulars on the Tube , since they often ship their supercharged Italian sports cars to London for the summer months  . Thirty years ago , when I was a child growing up in the UAE , Dubai 's highlights were a cheap revolving restaurant in the creek district of Deira and the modest gold souk of nearby Sharjah . But a revolutionary transformation was also just under way under the visionary leadership of Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed al Maktoum , and subsequently carried forward by his third son Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid , who currently rules Dubai while also serving as prime minister and vice president of the UAE . More from Parag Khanna : Is Brazil ready to take sporting center stage ? Decades of heavy infrastructure investment built what is today one of the world 's busiest ports at Jebel Ali , and the world 's most transited airport . At any hour of the day , Dubai 's Terminal 3 is the single most cosmopolitan building in the world , with every conceivable nationality transiting , visiting , or settling . The Dubai Mall , located at the base of the world 's tallest building , the Burj Khalifa , was visited 65 million times in 2012 , more than any other monument in the world . The increasingly populous and built-up corridor connecting Abu Dhabi and Dubai have inspired many to refer to this core axis as "  Abu Dubai , " the unofficial capital of the entire Middle East . In time , all seven emirates -- and all the Gulf Cooperation Council  GCC  countries -- will be linked by a coastal high-speed rail network . Led by the largest economy of Saudi Arabia , the GCC collectively deserves a place in any conversation about the "  BRICS . " Huge real estate projects , central geography , and reconciliation with its fraternal capital Abu Dhabi made Dubai resilient to the crisis in ways almost every global analyst missed . Those who erroneously wrote gloating "  Dubai is finished " headlines are derisively referred to here as "  the haters . " Ironically , they come from the same places -- Europe and America -- that now send officials and out-of-work executives desperately seeking investment and jobs in the UAE . Would you rather be in Athens right now ? In his penetrating new book "  The History of Future Cities , " author Daniel Brook matter-of-factly declares Dubai as the center of the world . But he also sketches a portrait of a place that is not just a city , but an idea , and a dream . In one generation , Dubai has graduated from a village that people just fly over , to an instant city in the desert , to a destination for migrant workers and expatriates , to a world financial center and demographic microcosm of the planet . Just a couple of years after its economic crisis it feels like the center of the world again . In the traditional but affluent beachfront district of Jumeirah , the aesthetic matches the geography of being halfway between Europe and India : patisseries next to sari shops . An even further concentric circle of cultures is represented : Burger King and Chinese massage parlors . More from Khanna : Evolution , not revolution , in Myanmar Geography plays a major role in Dubai 's rebound . The UAE 's largest trading partners are China and India . Indians are the second largest investors in the all-important property market  behind Emiratis  ; they flock here as the most convenient meeting point for far-flung diaspora families . Like anyone else , they also enjoy functioning infrastructure ; hence the saying that Dubai is India 's best-run city .  If only Dubai were still administered by the British Raj , when its currency was the rupee . Dubai has also become a crucial outpost for China , with more than 2,000 Chinese companies registered in the UAE . While many have visited the sprawling Dragon Mart complex where low-cost Chinese goods are sold wholesale , an estimated 180,000 Chinese people reside in the country , including senior figures for state-run banks who negotiate joint investment opportunities in Africa with Western companies . The Dubai International Financial Center  DIFC  is their neutral meeting ground , offering a one-stop shop for legal , financial , accounting and other services . The UAE also wisely plays a neutral game of multi-alignment with the superpowers : major arms deals with the U.S. , massive energy exports to China , and billions in investment from Europe . Whether or not China is able to avoid the "  Malacca trap " by building pipeline and railways across Central Asia to the Middle East , it will still need Dubai as its hub for its growing reach into the Middle East and Africa . Last week 's third consecutive government-sponsored Annual Investment Meeting  AIM  in Dubai featured businessmen and officials from 114 emerging markets , showing how the city is the most convenient meeting point for the globe-spanning webs of commerce forming across Latin America , Africa , and Asia . With its location at the intersection of three continents , Dubai captures not only the shift in economic power from West to East , but also the rise of the South . Forty percent of the world 's population lives on the Indian Ocean rim , and Dubai is the financial crossroads for their growing trade and financial relationships . Dubai is increasingly the hub for companies investing across Africa , and home to domestic powerhouses like Dubai Ports World , which is operating ports from Djibouti to Senegal , and Emirates Airlines , the only airline capable of flying non-stop from Dubai to every major city in the world . When you fly on Emirates Airlines , the pilots need several full breaths to list the languages spoken by the staff , usually including English , Spanish , Portuguese , Russian , Afrikaans , Bulgarian and half-dozen others . In his forthcoming book Start-up Rising , veteran tech entrepreneur Chris Schroeder points out that Dubai is effectively the commercial capital for companies looking to gain access to about 300 million Arab consumers . According to Standard Chartered Bank , the UAE itself has the highest rate of mobile penetration in the world , with 176 phones per 100 people . Smart phone penetration is expected to grow to 50 % in Egypt in the next five years . Schroeder argues that Western VCs need to be greater risk takers , the way UAE-based ones already are . Abraaj , the largest private equity fund in the Middle East , has investments in 43 countries from Peru to Pakistan . Only at conferences in Dubai does one find billboards advertising Pakistan as "  vibrant , " and find investors talking about the "  huge opportunities " there . Perhaps the greatest geopolitical risk to the region is also what will become the UAE 's next big opportunity : Iran . It is unlikely that Iran will spend the rest of the decade as an isolated pariah . Whether by war or diplomacy , with or without nuclear weapons , the giant Persian nation in the region 's heart will be open for business . The smuggling business that has thrived for decades between Dubai and Iran will graduate to Dubai becoming the full-blown staging point for all parties involved in Iran 's economic rehabilitation . With such strong , unchallenged and popular leadership , the UAE has wound up a beneficiary of the Arab Spring . Free of the troubles of Egypt , Syria , and other Arab states , "  Dubai is where you come to forget you 're in the Middle East , " according to one commentator . Just as it benefited in the 1970s and '80s from Lebanon 's descent into civil war , the UAE is now absorbing an estimated 15,000 Arabs a month from Iraq and Syria , but also Saudi Arabia and Egypt . The best and the brightest -- and wealthiest -- are hedging their bets , fed-up with civil war or democracy . While the country is relatively open , tolerant and progressive , its freedoms come at a price . Human Rights Watch has recently reported on crackdowns of free speech , closure of Western NGO affiliates , intimidation and imprisonment of dissidents , continued human trafficking , and poor protection of foreign worker rights . And as in countries in West and East , security cameras are now ubiquitous , reminding of the underlying securitization that enables the peaceful daily order . Even as these issues receive growing scrutiny , Dubai is undeniably the deserving favorite to host the World Expo 2020  the winner will be announced in November  . The UAE biggest long-term challenge is demographic . The UAE and Qatar are unique in the world as nations whose indigenous populations are all but disappearing relative to the influx of foreigners . The country 's population has tripled in just the past decade to over ten million people , yet Emiratis make up less than 10 % of the entire population . The prominent academic Abdulkhaleq Abdulla is a provocative and thoughtful embodiment of the dilemma the UAE 's success has brought about : on the one hand , he praises his country 's spectacular modernization , but he has also sounded the alarm that Emirati identity is being extinguished , his tribe becoming extinct . At the same time , though Dubai has by far the highest foreign-born population rate in the world , it is not quite the melting pot New York is . To achieve that level of permanent , inter-ethnic integration , the UAE will have to transform itself from post-modern feudalism to an innovative stakeholdership model in which foreigners are accorded long-term residency rights , and both citizens and foreigners have meaningful rights as well as responsibilities . If it does so , it can be a role model for dozens of other cities that are becoming multi-ethnic global hubs . That is exactly what the world expects from the city at its center . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Parag Khanna .	Dubai 's fortunes have revived since real estate crash and debt restructuring In a generation , Dubai has graduated from village to global financial center , demographic microcosm City has become crucial outpost for China ; 2,000 Chinese companies registered there Country is open and tolerant ; Parag Khanna says freedom of expression has suffered
CNN  -- Award-winning entrepreneur Andrew Mupuya was just 16 years old when he decided to take on the world . That was back in 2008 , when both of Mupuya 's parents had lost their jobs and could only afford to cover his school fees . "  I had to get to meet my basic needs by myself , " remembers the Ugandan businessman . "  I decided to face the world alone . " Inadvertently , the government of Uganda came to Mupuya 's aid . At the time , officials in the country announced that they were considering a ban on plastic bags to curb environmental damage . Mupuya , who was still in secondary school , immediately saw this as an opportunity to launch a paper bag production company . "  I conducted a feasibility study , market research around retail shops , kiosks , supermarkets around Kampala and discovered there is need and potential market for paper bags . " Read this : Sails into sales with bags of love To start out his small operation , Mupuya figured out he needed a capital of 36,000 Ugandan shillings  $ 14  . He raised the first $ 11 from selling 70 kilos of used plastic bottles he 'd collected over one week . Mupuya then borrowed the remaining $ 3 from his school teacher and embarked on his entrepreneurial journey producing paper bags on a small scale . Since then , the business has grown extensively and today , at the age of 21 , Mupuya is the owner of Youth Entrepreneurial Link Investments  YELI  , the first registered Ugandan company to make paper bags . The young entrepreneur employs 16 people who produce up to 20,000 paper bags each week . His long list of clients includes restaurants , retail stores , supermarkets , medical centers , as well as multinational companies like Samsung -- YELI has made about 1,000 niche bags for the local stores of the electronics company.â $ Ž "  Right now I have 72 clients , " says Mupuya . "  Ninety per cent of our clients always come back . " Green impact Mupuya 's remarkable achievements and shrewd business skills have been recognized with a number of accolades in recent years . In 2012 , Mupuya was the winner of the $ 30,000 Anzisha Prize , a major award given to young African entrepreneurial leaders who take the initiative to address critical needs in their communities . "  The awards I have won give me courage to push on with my business , " says the young entrepreneur . "  It shows to me how I am doing the right thing and it helps me define the impact am creating . " Read this : Playgrounds made from trash Uganda has attempted to ban plastic bags in a bid to deal with its acute waste management problem and promote environmental conservation . Yet , they are still used in Kampala and often block drainage systems or collect in heaps on the side of the road . Mupuya , however , believes Ugandans will eventually choose paper over plastic and he even plans to build a recycling operation . "  A paper bag is eco-friendly , it can easily decompose , " he says . "  But plastic bags take too long , so that is the difference . " ` Just the start ' For now , Mupuya sources his paper from Nairobi , the capital of Kenya . His business is housed in Kasokoso , a slum just outside Kampala 's bustling city center . Here , everything is done by hand and with precision . YELI employees turn out thousands of bags daily , cutting the paper manually and then folding it and gluing it appropriately . But this takes time , and as customer numbers grow , the team can not keep up with the increasing orders . Mupuya says one of the biggest challenges for his startup right now is supply and demand . "  It needs time to produce the right quality and quantity to all clients , because it 's run manually , " he says . "  It 's  quite hard to catch up with some clients who are used to cheap plastic bags , " adds Mupuya . "  My next step is to get a machine because I am only able to supply 5 % of the demands I have . " Read this : Fishing craft to foosball tables , furniture to float your boat Yet Mupuya says that this is a problem that most clients understand , pushing him to keep thinking big and press ahead with his plans to promote environmental conservation . "  My vision is to have a cleaner Africa by eradicating use of plastic bags and emphasis on paper recycling , " he says . "  I dream of having a big plant where I am able to supply paper bags all over Africa , " adds Mupuya , "  putting emphasis on sensitizing about environmental conservation . " "  So I believe this is just the start . " READ THIS : Pizza maker ` gets Nairobi naked ' READ THIS : Street vendor builds toilet biz empire	Andrew Mupuya founded YELI , Uganda 's first registered paper bag production firm He started at 16 after learning about the environmental hazards of plastic bags Now at 21 , he employes 16 staff that make about 20,000 paper bags a week Mupuya is the recipient of several awards , including the Anzisha Prize
CNN  -- France is en vogue at the moment . Its parliament has backed gay marriage , "  Les Miserables " has taken the movie world by storm , McDonald 's is launching the "  McCamembert " Burger and David Beckham has jetted in to join the French Revolution at Paris Saint-Germain . Vive le France ? Not so for those earning more than $ 1.3 million a year , especially after Socialist President Francois Hollande announced he would introduce a top income tax rate of 75 % . It has become a real point of contention , with some -- including top sports stars -- threatening to move abroad . Depardieu ditches France for Putin 's Russia Renowned actor Gerard Depardieu has already taken up the offer of Russian citizenship , despite France 's constitutional court vetoing Hollande 's proposal . But while the plans over taxation are on hold , those involved with the nation 's football are worried that their star assets are heading to the United Kingdom and abroad to seek sanctuary . "  What you see is that French football loses good players , all leaving for England , so the Premier League will be above all the other leagues , " Marseille manager Elie Baup told reporters . "  In France , because of the financial side , we will have to work on young players or with recruits not well known , and then we 'll make them big , and they 'll go to England again . We are entering this ` cycle . ' " During the January transfer window , international striker Loic Remy left French title contender Marseille to move to Queens Park Rangers , a club which was bottom of the English Premier League and threatened with relegation . Football 's middle men eye rich pickings in transfer window Even more remarkably in January , no less than five Frenchman made the switch to Newcastle , a move which led to the hanging of the "  Tricolor " in the EPL club 's canteen . Lille 's Mathieu Debuchy , Montpellier 's Mapou Yanga-Mbiwa , Massadio Haidara from Nancy , Toulouse 's Moussa Sissoko and Bordeaux 's Yoann Gouffran all made the move to the north east of England . They should feel at home as there 's already more than a hint of Gallic flair at St. James ' Park , with the wonderfully talented pair of Yohan Cabaye and Hatem Ben Arfa at the club , as well as the likes of Sylvain Marveaux , Gabriel Obertan and Romain Amalfitano . "  I 'm not surprised that they want to play there because it 's the best league , but I am surprised by just how many French players have gone there at the same time , " former Newcastle and France player Didier Domi told CNN . However , Domi insisted that financial motivation was not the reason for this footballing exodus to Newcastle . "  Tax is not a big factor . The biggest draw is the chance to play in front of packed stadia every week , " he said . "  It 's the place where all players want to play . When the French players come back to France after a spell in England , they all talk about how great it is . "  It 's professional , it has great fans and atmosphere and it 's where all the best players are . I loved it at Newcastle . The fans and people of the north east are so friendly and full of warmth . " Mickelson has a point on taxes In the last French election , held in May 2012 -- the French population in London was given the opportunity to vote on the establishment of a parliamentary member for Northern Europe . There are 120,000 officially registered as living in the British capital , but one of those -- politician Axelle Lemaire -- believes the total is nearer 400,000 . Before winning that parliamentary ballot , as a representative of Hollande 's Socialist Party , Lemaire lived and worked in London for 12 years . "  Many people come and go between the two countries thanks to the new transport links and there are a lot of younger people who come to London and move on afterwards , " she told CNN . "  I arrived in London 12 years ago and I remember reading the headlines in the newspapers then about how French people were moving for tax reasons . "  But the reality is very different . Even now there is a lot being written about people leaving because of the 75 % tax reasons . I 've not seen any serious figures supporting this . The reality is very different . "  People come here for a whole variety of reasons : to study , to work , to learn English , for love , for the international dimension of the UK . "  Taxes , at the end , are pretty similar in the two countries , and constitute very rarely a reason to move out . "  It has become more and more normal to spend some time in your career or to study abroad . "  Some stay and some leave after a while . Sometimes , bi-national couples move to France if they have a second child because the cost of living is expensive here . " Why Depardieu 's ` pathetic ' desertion has caused French storm Lemaire also doubts that recent raft of French arrivals at Newcastle has anything to do with the levels of tax in their own country . "  I think it 's a misconception to say they 're here because of taxes , " she said . "  These players are young and earning their first big contract in a very good club and that 's a great opportunity for them . " ' I do n't think they 've thought to themselves , ' I want to leave for tax reasons . ' " Dubbed "  Neufchateau " by the French media , Newcastle is in many ways no different from many other Premier League clubs in luring talent from across the Channel . The likes of Thierry Henry , Patrick Vieira , Nicolas Anelka , Emmanuel Petit , Marcel Desailly and Claude Makelele are just some of those to enjoy huge success in England . While the typical English football fan might refer to the French as "  Frogs " and take pleasure in mentioning the military victories at Waterloo and Agincourt , the acceptance of French talent on the football field has never been in doubt . One Frenchman who made the move to England and then to Newcastle was football writer Kevin Quignane , who believes the most difficult task facing his fellow countrymen is understanding the locals ' notorious "  Geordie " accent . "  There was indeed a bit of a linguistic shock , " Quignane recalled following his arrival in the city . "  I 'd say that a true , thick Geordie accent is more difficult to understand than a broad Yorkshire brogue , which in itself can be pretty challenging . "  I just could n't understand our next door neighbor and my partner , who is herself a Geordie , also had great trouble . "  It really can be challenging but by and large , most locals speak with a mild Geordie accent , thank God . That or I 've got so used to it that I do n't notice anymore . " While it might take time for the newcomers to adapt to the local lingo and swap their Chardonnay for a pint of Newcastle Brown Ale , Quignane believes the recent arrivals will enjoy life in the city . "  Newcastle 's stock as a city has risen tremendously in the last decade , " he added . "  It 's now seen as a vibrant , party-going and sexy place , but it was a very different story 10 years earlier with the demise of the mines and shipyards and the Meadow Well riots in 1991 . "  The Quayside , now Newcastle 's nightlife epicenter -- revamped and regenerated -- was a mess back then . " Beckham to donate PSG wages to children 's charity Back in France the arrival of a world superstar in Beckham at Paris Saint-Germain has helped softened the blow of so many departing French players . The midfielder signed a five-month deal with PSG last month and has pledged to donate his salary to a children 's charity within the city . And while worries persist over the numbers of young French players moving aboard , Beckham arrives at a time where big-name foreign players are playing a starring role in Ligue 1 . Backed by its Qatari-based owners , PSG recently paid out $ 52.8 million for young Brazilian Lucas Moura after securing a $ 72 million deal for Zlatan Ibrahimovic and defender Thiago Silva from Milan last July . The club has qualified for the quarterfinals of the Champions League and leads the domestic title race . "  I am very glad , " Lemaire said of Beckham 's arrival in the French capital . "  I think that it 's great that he decided to move to Paris and to donate his wages to charity . It 's a very good example . "  It also shows that Paris is a good club and an attractive city . "	English club Newcastle has welcomed an influx of French footballers to Premier League Several French stars looking abroad with government planning to raise taxes Former Newcastle defender Didier Domi backs French revolution at club French MP labels tax exodus from her homeland as a "  misconception "
Abbottabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Osama bin Laden 's hideout is being demolished , bringing an end to a symbol of American resolve and Pakistani frustration over how the operation was conducted . Navy SEAL Team Six raided the Abbottabad compound in May 2011 and killed the al Qaeda leader . The United States did not tell Pakistan about the raid until it was over . Pakistani authorities cordoned off the compound Saturday evening and brought in heavy machinery and flood lights to the site . "  The action was taken to keep the compound from ever becoming a shrine for bin Laden 's followers , " a Pakistani military official told CNN . "  It 's a message that Pakistan does n't want to keep anything connected with this terrorist . " CNN affiliate GEO-TV showed video of dust flying into the air from the compound as troops stood and watched from outside . Destroying the compound would "  demoralize senior militant leaders , " said the military official , who asked not to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media about the demolition . The killing of bin Laden enraged the Pakistani public and deeply embarrassed its military . For U.S. President Barack Obama , the raid marked a high point . The president achieved something his predecessor failed to do : bring the terror mastermind to justice . Bin Laden and members of his family and security detail lived only about one mile from the Pakistan Military Academy in Abbottabad . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta this year told CBS 's "  60 Minutes " that he remains convinced that someone in authority in Pakistan knew that bin Laden was hiding in Abbottabad , a largely military community outside the capital , Islamabad . That claim has been denied by Pakistani officials . Panetta said there were intelligence reports of Pakistani helicopters passing over the bin Laden compound . He also questioned why the Pakistanis would not notice the vast complex with 18-foot walls . Panetta told CBS the United States chose not to inform Pakistan of the raid due to security concerns . "  We had seen some military helicopters actually going over this compound . And for that reason , it concerned us that , if we , in fact , brought  Pakistan  into it , that they might ... give bin Laden a heads up . " But after the interview aired , Pentagon press secretary George Little said Panetta "  has seen no evidence that bin Laden was supported by the Pakistani government or that senior Pakistani officials knew he was hiding in the Abbotabad compound . " U.S.-Pakistani relations remain tense , in part because of U.S. drone strikes inside the country . Pakistan has in essence halted much of its cooperation with the United States while its parliament reassess future terms of engagement with Washington following the U.S. airstrike in November that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers along the border with Afghanistan . Ramifications of the bin Laden raid are still reverberating . Pakistan has not yet decided whether to try a Pakistani doctor for high treason for assisting the United States in gathering intelligence ahead of the raid , a senior Pakistani government official said late last month . Dr. Shakeel Afridi allegedly helped the CIA use a vaccination campaign in an attempt to collect DNA samples from residents of bin Laden 's compound in an effort to verify the terror leader 's presence there ahead of the 2011 raid . The role of the doctor was first reported by the British newspaper , The Guardian , last July . It cited unnamed Pakistani and U.S. officials . The Guardian said it is n't known whether the CIA "  managed to obtain any bin Laden DNA , although one source suggested the operation did not succeed . " CNN 's Reza Sayah and journalists Nasir Habib , Zubair Ayoub and Tahir Shah contributed to this report .	Official says demolition will demoralize bin Laden sympathizers Bin Laden used the place as a hideout until his death Authorities have cordoned off the compound , keeping residents at a distance
Time.com  -- Last month , Sean Parker of Napster fame launched Airtime . Amid the hoopla of the launch -- attended , for some reason , by Jimmy Fallon and Snoop Dogg -- Parker told an anecdote about meeting his business partner , Shawn Fanning , 15 years ago in a chat room , saying , "  There 's something exciting about bringing spontaneity to the Internet . All of your interactions online are constrained by the people you already know . " Time.com : Chatroulette 2.0 ? Napster founders launch Airtime video chat So far , Airtime has n't exactly been a hit . Apparently people do n't feel constrained by interacting with the people they know -- they feel comforted by it . But what , exactly , did happen to the chat rooms Parker so fondly remembers ? I talked with Joe Schober , the longest-running employee at AOL and its current chief architect . His relationship with the company started in 1988 , before it was America Online . Back then it was called AppleLink , a project commissioned by Apple Computer and a company called Quantum Computer Services to connect Apple II and Macintosh computers . The beta test was dubbed "  Samuel " and for Schober , a teenage fan of BBSes  bulletin board systems  , it was an intriguing opportunity . He recalls a "  little frontier town " where you could initially recognize almost every screen name you came across . When the main chat room filled to capacity , necessitating the creation of Lobby 2 , the community celebrated . It only took 23 people to fill a chat room . "  I know for myself , personally , I found it fascinating , " says Schober . "  The BBS world , it tended to be a one-line experience -- you were the sole user of the service , you could send email , you could leave messages , but it was n't interactive in real-time in the same way . So the experience of going into a chat room and getting a response a couple of seconds later from someone who was in the same chat room was just really cool . " Time.com : 12 unique compouters , tablets and gadgets that are just around the bend Slowly , the service grew , expanding to support DOS and eventually Windows . The chat product , called People Connection , had a variety of rooms for people interested in such topics as genealogy and strategy games . Schober remembers a ticker dubbed "  Network News , " a kind of virtual community newsletter that would let people know when certain chat rooms had a special guest or were discussing certain topics . Schober moved from beta tester to full-time employee in 1992 , when the service -- now officially called America Online -- went public . The company was positioned perfectly for the onset of the Internet Age . Windows 3.1 was released , making personal computers both more affordable and easier to use . And , despite our memories of the slow-dialing modems of the '90s , connecting to the World Wide Web was faster than ever at the time . "  In the '80s , if you had a 2400 baud modem you were pretty hot stuff , " says Schober . "  2400 baud is painful . People talk about their cellphones being slow now ; a slow cellphone might be 256k or 512k , so if you think about something being 100 times slower than that , it 's ridiculous . So you started getting to the 9600 and 14,400 baud modems that made the speeds a little more comfortable . " Time.com : Google Graveyard , meet Microsoft 's Morgue Participation in chat rooms started to snowball ; as more people used them , the variety of chat rooms increased , attracting even more people . Then , in 1996 , America Online opened the floodgates by introducing a monthly flat rate instead of charging by the hour . For $ 19.95 a month , users could now linger in chat rooms for as long as they wanted . The late '90s , according to Schober , was when chat rooms hit their peak . Just how powerful was America Online during this time ? Reggie Fairchild , product manager for AOL 4.0 , shared this little story on Quora : "  When we launched AOL 4.0 in 1998 , AOL used ALL of the world-wide CD production for several weeks . Think of that . Not a single music CD or Microsoft CD was produced during those weeks . " It worked . People signed up in droves . AOL 's subscriber base grew to 17 million in 1999 . This is the era that many people , myself included , remember most vividly . As a gawky kid entering high school , chat rooms were a haven from the awkwardness of real human interaction . I 'd use them to discuss punk bands like Operation Ivy with other teenagers , to play the chat room-equivalent of Dungeons & Dragons , and talk to what I very much hoped were actual girls . Around 2000 , however , I found myself drawn more to AOL Instant Messenger  AIM  than I did to AOL 's chat rooms . Launched in 1997 , AIM became widespread once it was made available to non-subscribers in 1998 . Time.com : AOL 's thoroughly modern AIM Then in the 2000s , the rise of DSL and cable modems made paying AOL a monthly fee for Internet access seem increasingly unnecessary . Friendster launched in 2002 , Myspace in 2003 and Facebook in 2004 . Massively multiplayer online role-playing games  MMORPGs  like World of Warcraft made gaming in chat rooms seem antiquated . Time.com : Atari at 40 : Catching up with founder Nolan Bushnell There were , in short , a lot more options for people who wanted to interact online . AOL 's walled garden was officially dismantled in 2006 . Chat rooms were available to AIM users until 2010 , when AOL announced , "  Since usage of AIM Chat has declined significantly in recent months , our focus has moved to other products . " Today , chat services such as Facebook Messenger and Google Talk  a.k.a. Gchat  are popular , but chat rooms as they existed in the 1990s are mostly a relic . So , is the chat room dead ? Schober does n't think so . "  I do n't think people have necessarily stopped using them -- there are just different ways of expressing the same concept now , " says Schober . "  Now people on Facebook will start a thread on someone 's Timeline and really start interacting with one another . It 's a different visual format , it 's organized differently , but its really the same concept we had around the chat room . " Time.com : Five years ago today , the iPhone went on sale Yes , that 's true , but to me the experience just feels different . That 's what Parker was getting at when he talked about the "  spontaneity to the Internet " during the Airtime launch . In the '90s , I constantly interacted with people known to me only by their screen names ; today , I only interact that way in comments sections and on Twitter , and only occasionally . That 's not necessarily a bad thing . I 'm nostalgic for AOL chat rooms , but would I use them if the company brought them back ? No . But that does n't mean some entrepreneur out there is n't working on something that captures the same spirit , albeit without the same hegemony AOL enjoyed . In the meantime , I 'll have to settle for talking with strangers on Twitter . Anybody want to talk about punk bands from the late '80s and early '90s ? This article originally appeared on Time.com : AOL 's longest-running employee on the history of AOL chat rooms	AOL chat rooms , popular in the 90 's and early 00 's , are less so today thanks to new technology Chat rooms helped the users communicate rapidly with others like themselves Today , social networks ' chat services let people exchange in real time with existing friends Still , some networks like Twitter and Linked In thrive on creating bonds between strangers
CNN  Just over a month ago , Kamron Taylor sat in an Illinois courtroom to hear a jury convict him of murder . Early Wednesday morning , Taylor sat in an Illinois jail . Hiding outside his cell . Ready to pounce . When he did , his victim was a correctional officer making his rounds , according to Kankakee County Sheriff Timothy Bukowski . Taylor beat up the guard , put on his uniform and took his keys . He then walked out of the jail 's door and into the officer 's brown 2012 Chevrolet Equinox SUV . Where the 23-year-old , who was set to be sentenced in May , is now is anybody 's guess . The Equinox was discovered around 8:30 a.m.  9:30 a.m. ET  in Kankakee , but without any sign of the convicted murderer who drove it . Looking for Taylor is job No. 1 for authorities . No. 2 is figuring out how he managed to first get out of his cell , then get out of the Jerome Combs Detention Center and on the lam . "  The question for us is where did  the county correctional system  break down , " Bukowski said . "  It looks right now  like  somebody did n't do their job properly . " What authorities do know is based on video , other evidence and interviews with witnesses -- namely other inmates at the Kankakee jail . What they do n't know is how Taylor got out of his two-man cell , when he should have been locked down . But somehow he did , and hid . "  And then when the opportunity arose , he attacked the officer , " Bukowski said , noting that Taylor "  attacked from the side " around 3 a.m. "  Beat him , choked him . " He then apparently disrobed the guard , a military veteran and 10-year employee of the corrections department . The guard was left on the jail floor , going in and out of consciousness , for about 35 minutes before authorities -- concerned because the guard had n't responded to calls -- found him , the sheriff said . "  They then called the ambulance and we were notified and put out an alert , " added Bukowski . By then , Taylor was gone . He 'd pushed a button to notify "  master control " that he wanted to leave , which means his identity would have been checked by camera . "  We think that because he had the officer 's uniform on , " the sheriff explained , "  that 's how he was able to effectively escape . " Taylor walked out the door and into the detention center 's parking lot , where , authorities said , he clicked the correctional officer 's key fob to find the Chevy Equinox . That officer is now in an intensive care unit at St. Mary 's Hospital in Kankakee , Bukowski said . The manhunt , meanwhile , continues for Taylor . He has a history of trouble with the law that predates his murder conviction , including an August 2009 sentence of five years , 10 months in Tennessee for robbery and resisting arrest . Taylor was on parole for that crime when he killed a man during a June 2013 botched robbery . A jury convicted him of murder in that incident in late February . After the verdict was read , Taylor sat down , looked back , then got up and ran , according to The Daily Journal in Kankakee . Bailiffs and sheriff 's deputies wrestled him to the ground , eventually leading him out of the courtroom as he cursed . Now a $ 5,000 reward is being offered for information leading to his arrest . The fact that he tried to get away once before and has been involved in fights "  raises an alert , I guess , " the Kankakee County sheriff said . "  But we figure that the people who are locked up in our facility are n't altar boys , and we take certain precautions for all of them , " Bukowski added . "  And you ca n't become complacent with anybody , especially murderers . " CNN 's John Newsome contributed to this report .	Sheriff : The correctional officer is in intensive care after being beaten , choked It appears "  somebody did n't do their job properly , " sheriff says after the escape Kamron Taylor also tried to escape a courtroom after being convicted of murder in February
Kampala , Uganda  CNN  -- Uganda 's president Saturday vowed to sign sweeping anti-gay legislation , citing what he said were scientific , not political , considerations for a controversial measure in a country that already criminalizes homosexuality . In a statement , President Yoweri Museveni declared debate on the legislation over and said he was not concerned about the expected international outcry . His remarks , made during a conference of the ruling National Resistance Movement , drew loud applause from supporters . "  We shall have a war with the homosexual lobby in the world , but backed by these people  scientists  and you , " he told supporters . A Ugandan lawmaker first introduced the bill in 2009 with a death penalty clause for some homosexual acts . It was briefly shelved when Britain and other European nations threatened to withdraw aid to Uganda , which relies on millions of dollars from the international community . The nation 's parliament passed the bill in December , supplanting the death penalty provision with a proposal of life in prison for "  aggravated homosexuality . " It includes acts where one person is infected with HIV , "  serial offenders " and sex with minors , Amnesty International said . In cases where one has HIV , the punishment applies even when the sex is consensual or protected . Museveni said that scientists examining the issue determined there was no gene for homosexuality and that it was merely abnormal behavior . He said in a statement that he sought "  a scientific ... not a political answer . Let the scientists answer this . And according to the way they have answered it , if they mislead us , they are the ones who are responsible . " He said , "  The question I put to them was , are there people born like this ? Now they are saying they are no such people . " According to Amnesty International , the bill 's definition of "  aggravated homosexuality " includes acts in which a person is infected with HIV , "  serial offenders " and sex with minors . The bill also proposed years in prison for anyone who counsels or reaches out to gays and lesbians , a provision that would ensnare rights groups and others providing services to lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people . Homosexuality is illegal in most African countries , where sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism . According to Amnesty International , homosexuality is illegal in 38 of 54 African countries . In Uganda , homosexual acts are punishable by 14 years to life in prison , according to rights activists . But lawmakers in the conservative nation sought tougher legislation , saying the influence of Western lifestyles risks destroying family units . Homosexuality is taboo in African countries and activists say few Africans are openly gay , fearing imprisonment , violence and loss of their jobs . Museveni appears to be balancing the desire to please a conservative constituency vehemently opposed to homosexuality with hopes of not alienating Western aid donors to the east African country . Last month , he declined to sign the bill , but the move was not designed to protect the civil rights of gays and lesbians . Museveni believed that Parliament illegally passed the bill , and gays and lesbians are "  sick people who need help , " his spokesman said at the time . The president had sent a letter to the speaker of Parliament , saying that he could n't sign the bill because there were n't enough Parliament members present when it was passed . "  Homosexuals need help . They are sick , " spokesman Tamale Mirundi said , explaining the president 's thinking . "  Homosexuals were present in Africa in the past and were not persecuted . " At the ruling party conference this week , however , Museveni said he was persuaded of the need to sign the bill by his scientific advisers , who cited , among other reasons , the "  serious public health consequences " of homosexuality . Where last month , the president , through his spokesman , seemed to perceive homosexuality as an illness , now Museveni seemed to be following the lead of a government committee that declared Friday that homosexuality is "  not a disease but merely an abnormal behavior which may be learned through experiences in life . " In a statement , the New York-based Center for Constitutional Rights said the bill would "  place the lives of countless Ugandans at risk " and "  had already intensified the climate of hatred and persecution " against gay people in Uganda . "  The international community has a legal and moral obligation to prevent this law from being implemented , " the center said .	President Yoweri Museveni declares debate anti-gay legislation over "  We shall have a war with the homosexual lobby in the world , " president says Rights group says bill would "  place the lives of countless Ugandans at risk "
CNN  -- A federal judge on Friday gave final approval to a settlement between BP and as many as 100,000 plaintiffs who allege they were sickened or injured by the 2010 Gulf oil disaster . The medical settlement , which covers clean-up workers and residents who lived within a certain area of the spill zone , provides medical compensation and consultation and a health outreach program . "  Without a settlement , Plaintiffs face significant further expenses in time , money , and resources -- with no assurance of recovery , " U.S. District Judge Carl Barbier wrote in his ruling , which did not list the amount of compensation . Geoff Morrell , a spokesman for BP , said the company is "  pleased " with the settlement . "  These settlements are historic resolutions that avoid years of lengthy litigation , and today 's decision by the Court represents yet another critical step forward for BP in meeting its commitment to economic and environmental restoration efforts in the Gulf and in eliminating legal risk facing the company , " he said in a statement . The oil spill -- the worst in U.S. history -- began after a rig explosion aboard the Deepwater Horizon in the Gulf . Eleven workers died . Roughly 205 million gallons of oil spewed into the sea for nearly three months before a cap was placed on the BP-owned Macondo well , nearly a mile beneath the surface . CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	The settlement covers clean-up workers and residents within the spill zone BP says it is "  pleased " with the settlement The oil spill , the worst in U.S. history , occurred in 2010
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The mangled wrecks of cars being carried out of Japan 's Sasago Tunnel suggest there was little motorists could do to escape the sudden collapse of the ceiling above them . A day after the disaster , one main theory has emerged as to what caused the collapse , which killed nine people who were trapped in their cars by rubble or the flames that broke out shortly after . At a press briefing on Monday , the executive officer of the tunnel 's operator said it appeared that some "  anchor bolts " used to secure concrete slabs to the tunnel ceiling were missing . "  There were parts of concrete  slabs  where bolts had fallen off , " Ryoichi Yoshizawa said , according to a spokesman for Central Japan Expressway Company or NEXCO-Central . "  The aging of the bolts or the concrete slabs could be a potential cause  of the collapse  , " Yoshizawa said . He did not say how many bolts were found to be missing or how they came to be loose . Yoshizawa added that while regular checks had been performed on the tunnel , they were visual checks and there was no physical testing . Read more : Nine bodies recovered from tunnel Emergency inspections have been ordered on 49 tunnels across the country with the same ceiling structure , according to the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism . There are 1,575 highways tunnels in Japan and around a quarter of those are more than 30 years old , including the Sasago Tunnel which opened in 1977 , the ministry said . The tunnel 's ceiling gave way on Sunday morning at around 8 a.m. local time . Witnesses recalled the horror of smoke filling up the tunnel as huge concrete slabs rained down on traffic below . Japanese highway police said Monday the section of concrete that fell was 110 meters  360 feet  long . Charred bodies were pulled from the debris , including five from a single station wagon . Three others were in a burned vehicle , according to a police spokesperson , while another body was found in a truck . "  It was terrifying . I do n't think I could ever drive through the tunnel again , " one shaken survivor told TV Asahi , as black and white video released by NEXCO showed rescue workers in flashlight-topped helmets stepping over rubble . The tunnel has been closed for the removal of debris and while experts ascertain the risk of a secondary accident . NEXCO says it 's unsure how long the process could take . Speaking to reporters at the scene , Motohiro Takamisawa , the chief of NEXCO 's Otsuki Safety Center , also referred to a potential problem with the bolts securing the tunnel 's ceiling slabs . "  At this moment we 're presuming that the top anchor bolts have come loose , " he was reported as saying . Takamizawa added that the bolts had n't been changed since the tunnel first opened in the late 1970s . However , a company spokesman told CNN that Takamizawa 's comments should not be interpreted as the company 's official statement and that it could not confirm whether that was the case . One expert told Asahi TV said that it 's possible that years of traffic vibrations had contributed to the tunnel 's collapse . "  Over the course of 35 years , all the shaking caused by cars has probably caused the bolts and nuts in the tunnel to loosen . As a result they fell off , " said Hiroshi Chikahisa , head of the Geosystem Engineering Institute at Yamaguchi University . Immediately after the disaster , a company spokesman said the Sasago Tunnel , located about 80 kilometers  50 miles  west of Tokyo , was subject to annual inspections with more detailed checks every five years . It had been checked in the last couple of months . At the company 's Monday briefing , a NEXCO spokesman said , "  There was no record that we have conducted the tapping inspection at top of the ceiling in the tunnel . " He was referring to a method used to identify potential damage within concrete structures that was mentioned in the company 's 2011 annual report . It says , "  although hammer tapping test is commonly carried out to investigate concrete structures , it takes enormous time and cost to conduct the test on all concrete structures we have . " Instead , it says the company inspects concrete structures using infrared cameras , an inspection technology which measures the difference in temperature between "  sound conditions and damaged areas " to detect potential weak points . There as no explicit reference to testing carried out on tunnels . The Sasago Tunnel runs for 4.7 kilometers along a stretch of the Chuo Expressway which runs for 367 kilometers , through a mountainous region , connecting Tokyo with the Nagoya in the Chubu region of Japan . Its operator , NEXCO-Central is one of three companies started in 1995 after the privatization of Japan 's Highway Public Corporation . NEXCO-Central manages more than 1,700 kilometers of expressways in Tokyo and the Chubu , Hokuriku and Kinki regions , used by almost 1.9 million cars on any given day . Journalist Toshi Maeda , CNN 's Junko Ogura and Alex Zolbert contributed to this report .	Collapse of Sasago Tunnel is being blamed on failure of "  anchor bolts " The bolts secure concrete slabs to the ceiling of the tunnel Nine people died when concrete slabs fell on traffic on Sunday morning Forty-nine other tunnels of similar construction are being inspected across Japan
CNN  -- Listening to the radio was something I did -- when I was a teenager . Just take my middle and high school years where every morning , at 6:55 , I flipped on my Walkman and began the trudge down the hill to the bus stop . It was tuned to B94 , which was Pittsburgh 's "  Today 's Hit Music " station . Every day , the crazy -- and at that time seemingly raunchy -- antics of its morning show with John , Dave , Bubba and Shelly made me excited to be awake . Although the show offered really nothing of value to enrich my life , like a sugary drink , it did n't have to . In those 40 minutes on the bus , there was adequately funny banter  which in hindsight , was terrible  , vital information of what happened in Hollywood overnight , and most importantly , today 's hottest music . The Pussycat Dolls , then Natasha Bedingfield , and that one Fort Minor song ? If I heard that lineup again , High School Me would probably melt in happiness . But my radio listening habits did n't end at 7:45 a.m. . After school , I probably listened to the same set of music . The only difference was the afternoon slot felt like it was filled with endless commercials that did n't air in the morning . But it all stopped when I went to college . The pop music station in my new home , a small Ohio town , could n't match the "  talents " of John , Dave , Bubba and Shelly  although it was not like I was awake at 7 a.m. to listen  . While I was slinking into my late teens , the playlist of that low-budget station felt like it was stuck in my middle-school years . By then , I was also hooked to my family 's satellite radio account , which was like terrestrial radio without all of those terrible commercials for car dealerships or rug outlets . And discovering new music on the Internet around that time became easier . I trawled through iTunes ' constantly updated charts . My friends posted recommendations on their Facebook and Twitter accounts , which substituted for radio stations plugging whatever artist their corporate parent suggested . Also , my dorm 's high-speed Internet connection allowed me to stream music from noncommercial stations all around the world , like BBC Radio 1 , to see what we would be listening to stateside in another six months . After college , I moved to Austin , Texas , a traffic-prone town where you would spend more time in your car than at your destination . But when I pulled into the city in 2012 , I did n't even bother to reset my car 's radio to the local stations . It was n't necessary . Most if not all of the time , I was plugged into my satellite radio or my app-filled iPhone , which played a steady stream of commercial-free music catering to my tastes . For my friends and me , the car 's auxiliary outlet killed the radio star . Now I 'm 24 and the radio 's relevancy is fading faster than driving out of a signal 's reach . The Internet has made me an an "  on-demand " listener , meaning I can listen to any song , from any artist , at any time . From music apps , websites  like Soundcloud  , and the blogs , there are literally millions of sources to discover new music . I can listen to a new song seconds after it 's released and not wait days , or even weeks , before the radio bothers to play it . And , ugh , those cheesy DJs are no longer polluting my listening experience with their allegedly wacky and zany gags . The definition of DJ has shifted from John , Dave , Bubba and Shelly , to actual , physical DJs , who spin "  records " like Diplo or Avicii . It 's not just me . Every morning , my wretched millennial friends awake to freshly brewed tunes from our favorite blogs . New music from my friends fills up my Spotify inbox at a seemingly never-ending pace  and vice versa  . I would be scared to hear how loud the laugh would be if anyone asked if we 'd discovered a half-decent new song on the radio in the past five years . I do n't know even know what channel to find that on ! Since the iPhone has replaced my Walkman , my friends have replaced the DJs , and the ability to listen to whatever I want at any given moment kicked out radio stations ' playlists , I would say it 's time to turn off the radio for good . But I already did that five years ago . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jordan Valinsky .	Valinsky : I do n't need AM/FM anymore Author was a radio listener in high school In college , he turned to the Internet and iTunes "  I would say it 's time to turn off the radio for good , " says Valinsky
CNN  -- Being James Bond is n't easy . Daniel Craig has the scars to prove it . Daniel Craig at a Tribeca Film Institute screening of "  Quantum of Solace " in New York . It cost him eight stitches , a severed fingertip and several bruised ribs , but Craig has once again stepped into the shoes of James Bond for "  Quantum of Solace , " set to debut in U.S. theatres Friday . According to Craig -- who did his interview with an arm in a sling -- the pain is just part of making a Bond film . "  I 've always liked the physicality of the Bond movies , " Craig said , "  and as a film fan , I 've always liked it when you 're not being snapped out of the story line because you suddenly see it 's a stunt man . " Watch Craig address the world of 007 " The 22nd Bond flick picks up where "  Casino Royale " left off . After being betrayed by the woman he loved , British spy 007 pursues the truth behind the organization that blackmailed her -- all the while fighting the urge to make the mission personal . Director Marc Forster  "  Monster 's Ball , " "  Finding Neverland "  said that he wanted this Bond to have a raw emotional side to go with the action-movie propulsion . "  I think that I wanted the film to feel sort of like a bullet . It ... keeps us on the edge of the seat until the last frame . But at the same time , that there is sort of an emotional texture to Bond 's character , which was very important to me , " he told CNN . "  And that we feel that emotional texture , because Bond is a character who does n't really open up , and does n't really spill his guts out and tell people how emotionally he feels about things . "  But I think it was still important to feel that , and get a little hint of his pain he is carrying around . Because in the last one he lost the love of his life and he 's out there trying to search for an answer . " Moviegoers have n't seen the last of Craig . In addition to the Bond series , he 's also taking the lead role in two other major pictures this year . "  Defiance , " slated for release next month , is a story set during World War II ; "  Flashbacks of a Fool " is a British film about an overindulging American actor . "  It 's a story I 'd never heard of ... about a group of brothers who survived the war in the forests of Belorussia with 1,500 other Jews , " Craig said of "  Defiance . " " -LSB- They -RSB- created a society in the woods , and survived . " Craig , Britain 's highest paid celebrity according to Men 's Vogue , may be recognized around the world -- but that does n't make finding his next role any easier . To Craig , it is n't the payday that 's important -- it 's the story . "  If there were a dearth of really good scripts out there , and being Bond could get me those really good scripts , it would be easy , " he said . "  But there are n't . They 're few and far between , and I have to go out and look for them . " iReport.com : Will you see Bond 's latest ? Agent 007 , Craig 's most widely known role , is one he admits was enjoyable to develop in "  Quantum of Solace , " with its reported $ 230 million budget . "  He 's had his heart broken , and he 's been betrayed , " Craig says of his character . "  The relationships he 's had are not defined , and so he 's not defined . " Craig says Bond moves to a place of understanding in this latest film -- a "  sort of peace within himself , " hence the marquee "  Quantum of Solace . " Olga Kuryenko , who plays the mysterious Camille in the film , told CNN she admires Craig 's looks -- and his mettle . "  I actually think he 's one of the best Bonds ever , " she said . "  I really liked ` Casino Royale . ' I remember I watched it -LSB- and -RSB- I had no idea I was going to be in the next one . ... And I loved the film , he was great . "  He 's a very good-looking blond , you know . And his eyes -LSB- are -RSB- just piercing . And he has this toughness , you know . ... His body 's very strong and he 's just , he looks like he can really break your neck . " Forster said that Craig "  humanized " the often coldblooded character . "  He really put a three-dimensional feel back into Bond , " he said . "  And collaborating with him and working on the script and on the character , it dawned on me that he really has a deep understanding of what this character is like and ... he understands its details . ... He lends Bond this sort of realistic nature that we all can relate to the character . And I think that 's really important in the times we live in right now . " It may be the 22nd Bond film in the franchise , but Craig does n't look back . How does he feel he matches up against his predecessors as the man behind the super spy ? "  That 's for other people to decide , " he says . "  I do n't make those comparisons . " CNN 's Matt Carey contributed to this article .	"  Quantum of Solace " debuts Friday and picks up where "  Casino Royale " left off In addition to the Bond series , Craig is taking the lead in two other films this year Craig , on how his Bond compares to past Bonds : "  That 's for other people to decide "
CNN  -- Libya 's foreign ministry acknowledged Friday that at least one American had been detained -- then released -- in Benghazi , one day after the U.S. State Department said it had been in contact with a detained citizen . In a statement carried by the official Libyan News Agency , the foreign ministry said that an American and Cameroon national were both stopped on University of Benghazi grounds Thursday evening , at a time when only registered students were allowed on campus . University security turned over the pair to Libyan Army Special Forces in the eastern coastal city , according to the ministry . Both said they played for al-Hilal basketball team , which is in Benghazi , Libya 's second-largest city , and were taking a tour around campus escorted by a student . They were later released in the presence of representatives from the foreign ministry and al-Hilal Sports Club , according to the official statement . The state news agency earlier reported -- citing unnamed security sources -- two Americans had been detained by Libyan authorities after being spotted scouting the university . It was not clear if the nationalities were not entirely correct  and the Cameroonian was mistaken for an American  in that report , or if there were in fact two Americans detained . On Thursday , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf did say that diplomats had communicated with "  a private U.S. citizen " who 'd been stopped in Benghazi , adding that she could n't say anything more than that . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	Libyan ministry : An American , a Cameroonian were detained at a Benghazi university They were transferred from university security to the Libyan army , then released Both claimed to play for a Benghazi basketball team , said a student was touring them The U.S. State Department says it 's been in contact with U.S. citizen who was detained
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Two bodyguards in a convoy that was transporting Britain 's ambassador were wounded when it came under attack Monday in the eastern Libya city of Benghazi , a British Foreign Office spokesman in London told CNN . "  We can confirm that they are being medically treated , " the spokesman said . Ambassador Dominic Asquith was not hurt in the attack , the spokesman said . "  It was clearly involved in a serious incident , but we can not confirm if there was an RPG attack , but shots were fired , " the spokesman said . Libya 's state news agency LANA had reported that a rocket-propelled grenade slightly wounded a diplomat in the convoy . The attack occurred near the university , LANA reported , citing a spokesman for the Supreme Security Committee in Benghazi . A British Foreign Office spokesman said the attack took place in the afternoon . "  All staff are accounted for ; we are liaising closely with Libyan authorities , " he said . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Two bodyguards wounded , British Foreign Office says Rocket-propelled grenade struck vehicle Monday afternoon , Libyan news agency reports "  All staff are accounted for , " British Foreign Office spokesman says
CNN  -- Now that warmer spring sunshine is bathing the streets of Kiev , the charred remains from the attacks on the central city are far more evident . The sunshine is also warming up debate on the future of the downtown core , which has served since last November as the heart of the protest against the regime of deposed Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych . This weekend Ukrainians will mark the end of the traditional 40 days of mourning for the at least 100 protesters that were mowed down by sniper , grenade and other live fire during and around February 20 . Until now , the area around the main square , where the attacks took place , has served as a massive memorial -- framed by mountains of flowers , drawings , photos , candles and poems . Earlier this week a group of men were preparing to build a permanent chapel behind the Hotel Ukraina , one of the vantage points for snipers and a makeshift emergency clinic during the February 20 shootings . Read more : Maidan before -- and after To many , parts of Maidan are gaining the look of semi-permanency . On any given morning activists line up at soup kitchens . Protesters from far flung regions show no sign of going home and appear dug in for a prolonged stay . At the far end of the encampment , a commandeered militia water canon truck serves as a gigantic trophy  and makeshift barricade  for the people 's victory over government forces . The conventional thinking is that the protest movement will stay well after the scheduled May 25 presidential elections -- longer if they go into a second , run-off round . ` Medieval village ' While the passion and commitment of this open display of raw people power is impressive , there are those , including retailers and city center residents , who would like to see the protest site shrunk to a few small blocks . One American journalist said derisively last week that the Maidan , with its soot-covered tents , tattered residents , and crude , rusting barricades , resembles a "  medieval village . " And one nearby resident told me that she and others are fed up with the traffic snarls caused by the sprawling encampment . But there is more to Maidan than just the physical presence of tents and hardened protesters . It has served as a stage to mint new popular leaders -- such as Volodymyr Parasiuk , 26 , a student activist from Lviv who stood up on the Maidan stage on Feb 21 and threatened Yanukovych with an armed overthrow . It was also the very same stage taken briefly by former prime minister and presidential candidate Yulia Tymoshenko on February 22 , shortly after her release from prison -- a humiliating appearance which showed how terribly out of sync she had fallen with the street after three years behind bars . Olga Bogomolets , a volunteer doctor  and also presidential candidate  who treated many injured protesters on February 20 , suggested Thursday that the Maidan is one huge , open-air crime scene and that international forensic experts have yet to make an appearance to collect evidence . In fact one of the most popular displays is a collection of organ-piercing bullets , grenade shells and other lethal projectiles fired at protesters by the now-disbanded Berkut forces in February . Another face of Maidan , the immensely popular Eurovision star Ruslana , insists that the protest site must stay put as a kind of check and balance on the new interim government -- and as a psychological barricade to Russian President Vladimir Putin . "  I believe that even today that same Maidan has a critical role to play in stopping Putin . While Maidan still exists , nothing will work out for Putin . " Voice of Ukrainian street There 's little doubt that Maidan represents the voice of the Ukrainian street : after the excesses of the Yanukovych government and the failed promises of the administration of the pro-Western Viktor Yuschenko , public trust in public officials is at an all-time low . Markian Melnyk , a protester from a small town near Kiev , says he has been at Maidan since January after unidentified men took away his credit union business . Until the people have had a chance to vote in a new president , many protest leaders will continue to see themselves as the guardians of the people , almost to the point that they have veto power over major decisions . Hence there is believed to be a large arms cache on site -- most arms hidden away but some proudly worn by self-appointed self-defense forces who man the various entrances to the Maidan . The huge stage has become a forum for leaders to swing out at bad decisions , or simply to take swipes at Putin for his brazen land grab of Crimea . When there are no speakers , a giant screen streams live sessions of the Parliament or the newly-found independent TV channels that themselves symbolize the post-Yanukovych era . It is not a stretch in the least to say that there 's probably no one more eager to see Maidan disappear than Putin , whose pliant media machine has painted the movement as nothing more than right-wing Banderites , fascists and terrorists . That 's probably why the protest leaders have been so careful to protect the semblance of order from provocateurs or stop any violent outbreaks . Sadly , Maidan could figure into Putin 's twisted logic for moving his armed forces as far inland as Kiev should he decide to invade more of Ukraine . The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Bociurkiw .	This weekend , Ukrainians mark the end of 40 days mourning for those killed in Maidan square At least 100 people died when anti-government protesters clashed with riot police Michael Bociurkiw says the protest movement will stay in Maidan beyond elections in May But he says organizers have prevented any violence in case it factors into Putin 's plans
Atlanta  CNN  -- Federal health officials say 14 people in six states have been sickened by the same strain of E. coli over the past couple of months . According to Centers for Disease Control and Prevention spokeswoman Lola Russell , 14 cases of Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli 0145 infection with the same DNA fingerprint have been identified in six states . "  Their illness onsets range from April 15 to May 12 , " she said , adding that the most recent case was reported June 4 . "  Three ill persons have been hospitalized . One death has been reported in Louisiana . " Cases have been reported in Alabama  2  , California  1  , Florida  1  , Georgia  5  , Louisiana  4  and Tennessee  1  , according to the CDC . Louisiana health officials would confirm only that one child died and three adults were sickened in the New Orleans area . CNN affiliate WWL reported that the child was 21-month-old Maelan Elizabeth Graffagnini , who fought the infection for weeks at a local hospital . Feds speed up E. coli investigation procedures Georgia is reporting five cases , the most in one state . "  Four of five are female , and their ages range from 18 to 52 , with a median of 34 . Illness onsets range from  April 15-28  ; one case was hospitalized overnight for this illness , and no cases have died , " said Suleima Salgado , deputy director of communications for the Georgia Department of Public Health . The cases in Georgia have been mild , according to Dr. J. Patrick O'Neal , who heads the Division of Health Protection within the Georgia Department of Public Health . He said Thursday , "  I do n't think there 's need for great concern . I think awareness , yes , concern , no . We have outbreaks of various diarrheal diseases quite frequently . " Neither of the Alabamans was hospitalized ; both have recovered , the state 's Department of Public Health said in a news release . According to the CDC , the most common strain is E. coli O157 . The strain in this outbreak is 0145 . "  As whole , the non-O157 serogroup is less likely to cause severe illness than E. coli O157 , " it said . "  However , some non-O157  Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli  serogroups can cause the most severe manifestations of STEC illness . " Russell said many clinical laboratories do not regularly test for this particular strain of E. coli . However , the O145 strain is one of six additional strains for which the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Food Safety and Inspection Services has begun testing for in ground beef . The cause of the outbreak is unknown , and the investigation is ongoing on the federal and local levels . Infectious disease investigators will interview the victims to determine what exposures they have in common . The CDC says it 's looking at both food and non-food exposures as a source of the outbreak . However , Louisiana health officials say they suspect that food may be to blame , according to a statement from the state 's Department of Health and Hospitals . "  People usually get sick from STEC 2-8 days  average of 3-4 days  after swallowing the organism , " Russell said in a statement . She added that most people infected with the 0145 strain develop diarrhea  usually watery and often bloody  and abdominal cramps . "  Most illnesses resolve on their own within seven days , but sometimes the symptoms can last longer and can be more severe . " So investigators are dependent on people accurately remembering what they ate or came into contact with before they got sick . Food such as meat and poultry but also fruit and vegetables is often the source of E. coli infections . However , unpasteurized or raw milk , water that has not been disinfected , contact with cattle or contact with the feces of infected people are other sources of infections . Young children , pregnant women , the elderly and people who have weakened immune systems  like cancer or HIV patients  are at greater risk for severe illness and death . The best way to avoid getting sick is by washing hands frequently when preparing food as well as avoiding cross-contamination of food preparation areas by washing cutting boards , counters and utensils with hot , soapy water . Properly washing hands after using the bathroom and after coming into contact with animals or being in their environments -- anywhere there may be traces of feces , where the bacteria could be lurking -- also helps . Cooking meats thoroughly to at least 160Â °F or 70ËšC kills the bacteria and prevents infection as well . Using a meat thermometer will most accurately help you determine that the food is thoroughly cooked . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Local media report Louisiana toddler is only fatality Georgia has five cases , the most in one state Cause is unknown , but local and federal officials are investigating
Manila , Philippines  CNN  A U.S. Marine has been charged with murder in the death of a transgender woman who was found strangled in a Philippines hotel room over the weekend . Pfc. Scott Pemberton is in U.S. military custody . Prosecutors will ask for him to be turned over to Filipino authorities , said Harry Roque , the lawyer for the victim 's family . The victim is 26-year-old Jeffrey Laude , who is also known as Jennifer . Her naked body was found with her head in a toilet in an Olongapo hotel room shortly after midnight Sunday , police said . Brisbane transgender murder-suicide shocks residents Witnesses told police that Pemberton was with Laude at a local disco before the two checked into a hotel Saturday night , according to documents seen by CNN . "  We will not accept anything less than justice , " said the victim 's sister Marilou Laude . The Marine is assigned to 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines out of Camp Lejeune , North Carolina . Three other Marines from the same unit have been identified as potential witnesses , the Marine Corps Times newspaper reported , citing an internal Navy memo on the incident . They are being held .	Scott Pemberton is suspected in the death of 26-year-old Jeffrey Laude , also known as Jennifer Laude 's body showed signs of strangulation Her body was found with her head in a toilet
CNN  -- Sean Penn could have been walking the red carpet at the Cannes Film Festival . Instead , he was under the Capitol Dome in Washington on Wednesday to testify about Haiti . Penn 's newest film , spy thriller "  Fair Game , " will debut Thursday at Cannes , but the day before , the Oscar-winning actor was seated before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee as witness to an emergency . "  I come here today in the hope that we will address with bold clarity the razor 's edge upon which Haiti lies , " he said . He called on lawmakers to demand transparency as the island nation moves forward in recovering from the massive earthquake that struck January 12 . "  In an emergency , donors offer money and expect it to be spent helping people , " Penn said . "  I hope we are here today to encourage just that . " Penn , who founded the J/P Haitian Relief Organization , has been living in a tent in Port-au-Prince , helping manage one of the devastated capital 's largest camps for the displaced . The actor turned aid worker testified with experts and policymakers before a committee headed by Democratic Sen. John Kerry , co-sponsor of a bill that would authorize $ 3.5 billion to help rebuild Haiti over the next five years . About $ 10 billion in aid was pledged for Haiti over the next 10 years at a donors conference in March . Kerry said donor nations "  must now follow through and deliver the funds they have promised in a coordinated manner , and Haiti must work to improve its capacity to absorb the aid it receives . " Former USAID Administrator Andrew Natsios offered a scathing assessment of the challenges that lie ahead in rebuilding what he called a failed state . He compared Haiti 's devastation and massive death toll of more than 200,000 to that of Chile , which suffered a stronger quake in late February but was not as badly affected . Natsios warned that programs must help end Haiti 's dysfunctional cycle by improving governance and fostering economic growth . "  I think the worst thing we can do is be nice about this and live in a Disney World assessment of what we are dealing with , " Natsios said . "  We are dealing with one of the worst-governed countries in the world . "	Senate Foreign Relations Committee hears testimony on quake-ravaged nation Actor Sean Penn founded aid agency in Haiti He and others urged U.S. donors to ask for transparency
CNN  -- Barcelona president Sandro Rosell has admitted that the proposed transfer of Spanish midfielder Cesc Fabregas from Arsenal is now in doubt . Premier League Arsenal are desperate to retain the services of Fabregas and have placed a big price tag on their talisman which may make the Catalan giants think twice about signing him . "  The transfer of Cesc is becoming more complicated because there are a lot of expectations on the side of the sellers and that is not good news for Barcelona , " AFP quoted Rosell from Catalian radio station RAC1 on Tuesday . The Spanish champions have just splashed out nearly $ 50 million for Valencia 's star striker David Villa and Rosell told the club 's official website that the club 's finances needed to be reviewed . He unveiled a $ 184 million syndicated credit deal to help cut their debts and also admitted that they were still chasing money owed by their TV rights holders Mediapro , which has gone receivership . Barcelona have also been forced to recoup $ 18.4 million by the sale of Ukrainian defender Dmytro Chygrynskiy to his old club Shakhtar Donetsk . It is $ 12.29 million less than Shakhtar received from Barca when he was transferred last year . Chygrynskiy , who has 24 caps for Ukraine , joined Barca on a five-year contract but did not impress and played just 14 times . Barcelona have already banked nearly $ 30 million from the sale last week of Ivorian midfielder Yaya Toure to English Premier League side Manchester City . Rosell told the website that the club 's fans should not be concerned by the situation . "  The club is n't bankrupt , " he said . "  This week we 'll have everything in place to impose a policy of austerity to be able to make savings in unnecessary areas and meet very important commitments such as paying the wages of our players , coaches and employees . " Barcelona retained the Spanish Primera Liga title last season , but lost in the semifinals of the Champions League to eventual winners Inter Milan .	Barca president Sandro Rosell casts doubt on transfer of Cesc Fabregas from Arsenal Rosell says the club has to impose a ` policy of austerity ' after debts mount Dmytro Chygrynskiy joins Yaya Toure in leaving Catalan giants
New York  CNN  -- A Russian cargo pilot and his Nigerian broker were found guilty on Thursday of conspiring to traffic more than $ 100 million worth of cocaine into the United States and Europe from ports in West Africa . Federal prosecutors say Konstantin Yaroshenko , 42 , and Chigbo Peter Umeh , 43 , were arrested in Liberia in May after trying to bribe high-level Liberian government officials -- including the son of President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf -- in an effort to safeguard the route they used to bring Colombian cocaine to market . Sirleaf 's son , the country 's national security agency director , and his deputy had been working with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency as undercover agents , unbeknownst to the two alleged traffickers , prosecutors said . The men were convicted on conspiracy charges related to at least three large trans-Atlantic shipments of cocaine that were to transit through Liberia , according to a statement from the U.S. attorney 's office in New York . "  This is absolutely a trend we 're seeing coming through West Africa and on to Europe , " said Dawn Dearden , a spokeswoman for the DEA . She cited market incentives as a primary motivator for the shipments ' meandering routes , often considered vulnerable to international scrutiny . "  What you can get for a kilo in Europe is a lot more than what you can sell it for in South America , " said Dearden . Prosecutors say at least one 4,000-kilogram shipment -- itself worth more than $ 100 million -- was supplied by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , commonly known as FARC , a leftist rebel group funded by way of narcotics sales and kidnappings . The cocaine , often grown in the FARC-controlled stretches of rebel-held Colombia , was to be first delivered to Venezuela before heading to Liberia , a way-station for further distribution . Prosecutors say the pair agreed to make payments in the form of cash and cocaine to facilitate the transfer of the narcotics for at least one shipment to New York by way of a commercial airline flight from Ghana . Umeh , who prosecutors said served as a broker between suppliers in South America and distributors in West Africa , faces a minimum of 20 years in federal prison . Yaroshenko , a pilot who -- according to the U.S. Justice Department -- transported thousand-kilogram quantities of cocaine through South America , Africa , and Europe , will face a minimum term of 10 years in federal prison . The 42-year-old-cargo pilot was held in the same pre-trial detention facility in New York as suspected Russian arms dealer Viktor Bout . The so-called ` Merchant of Death ' is now in U.S. custody awaiting trial on charges that he agreed to sell millions of dollars of weapons to the FARC . Meanwhile , Russian officials have argued that Yaroshenko 's apprehension and incarceration "  directly violate norms of international law . " "  We are talking about kidnapping of a Russian citizen on the territory of a third country , " a Russian Foreign Ministry statement said in July . "  The actions of the U.S. special services at forcibly and secretly transferring of our citizen from Monrovia  Liberia  to New York can be qualified as outright lawlessness . " Yaroshenko 's arrest marks the first prisoner transfer from Liberia to the United States in connection with a narcotics-related charge in more than three decades , according to the U.S. Justice Department . The two men are scheduled to be sentenced in U.S. federal court in New York on July 28 .	A Russian and a Nigerian were convicted in connection with $ 100 million worth of cocaine The men were convicted on conspiracy charges related to at least three large shipments Konstantin Yaroshenko and Chigbo Peter Umeh were arrested in May They tried to bribe Liberian government officials , including the son of Liberia 's president
The obscure banking provision that threatened to derail the recently passed government funding measure was derided by Democrats as a sop to Wall Street . But some on the left have a John Kerry-esque problem with the "  Boehner Bank Bailout " -- they were for it before they were against it . At issue , was the so-called push-out regulation , which was designed to prevent banks from using government insured money to make risky investments -- like the loan swaps that fueled the 2008 financial crisis . Buried inside the 1,600-page spending proposal to keep the government running is a small provision to end that prohibition . Democrats were livid . But last fall , that same proposal was considered by the Republican-controlled House . The bill , the majority of which was written by Citigroup and other Wall Street banks , passed with the support of 70 Democrats . On Thursday , 28 House Democrats seemingly changed their mind , voting against the spending bill that included the rollback provision -- a provision that became the rallying cry for progressive Democrats hoping to kill the bill . Of course , the massive legislation gives lawmakers lots of potential explanations for why they changed their votes . But whatever the explanation , in politics , it 's still scored as a flip-flop . Many progressive Democrats complained that the rollback was snuck into the bill at the last minute . Not true , said Republican and Democratic sources familiar with the negotiations . It had been an issue for weeks . On the House floor , California Rep. Maxine Waters blasted the rollback as a danger to consumers . "  They know that we bailed out the big banks and know that we would be putting them at risk one more time to bail them out if we allow them to do this risky derivatives trading , " she said . The top Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee , Waters urged her colleagues to vote against the spending bill unless Republicans removed the regulatory rollback . She was shocked to learn that both President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden were calling lawmakers asking them to pass the bill . But just two years ago , Waters supported a proposal that would have done exactly the same thing she opposed last week , allowing banks to buy risky financial instruments with government backed money . Back then , even Democratic Rep. Barney Frank , whose name is on the Wall Street reform law , supported the rollback . Waters evolution on the issue started a year and a half ago - in the wake of a high profile scandal involving a trader known as the "  London Whale " who engaged in swaps that generated billions in losses . She opposed the measure the House passed last fall , arguing regulations should stay in place overseeing these transactions . Waters defended her new position saying in a statement to CNN that , "  It 's become clear that Wall Street derivatives trading has not yet been sufficiently reigned in by our regulators . " She says she 's in good company , noting that Frank , who has since retired from Congress , has changed his position and supports barring banks from using government-backed money on risky transactions . But the idea was never beloved by Democrats to begin with . Championed in 2010 by then-Democratic Sen. Blanche Lincoln as she tacked left during a tough primary fight , then-Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner and then-Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke -- both Obama picks -- were unsupportive . RELATED : Congress passes spending bill , avoids shutdown So perhaps it 's no wonder that the rollback became a bargaining chip . Democratic Sen. Barbara Mikulski , the spending bill 's key Senate negotiator , defended the rollback arguing the legislation also boosts the budgets of regulators in charge of policing Wall Street . "  I do n't want the derivative market to go wild . This is not the Wild West . We made sure that we put money in the federal checkbook , " she said on the Senate floor Friday . "  Agencies that are in charge with enforcing the rules to protect against abuse are funded . " Democrats agreed to kill the swaps regulation in return for Republicans agreeing to increase the budgets of two financial regulators , the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the Securities and Exchange Commission , and taking other changes to the Wall Street reform bill off the table , according to multiple government and industry sources . A Democratic Senate aide said the financial agencies ' funding levels were negotiated separately and had "  nothing to do " with negotiating the rollback legislation . White House press secretary Josh Earnest said Friday it was hard "  to account for all of the conversations that took place " while the White House and lawmakers were negotiating the spending bill . But a financial services lobbyist noted that nobody on either side of the aisle wants credit for helping banks . "  Everybody had enough deniability that they were OK with it , " the lobbyist said . "  There was no press release going out about it . "	Some Democrats are complaining about a Wall Street regulatory rollback included in the recently passed spending measure But many supported the very same provision in previous legislation Lawmakers on both sides of the aisle are hoping to escape responsibility for writing that part of the law
CNN  -- John Mellencamp , known for his nostalgic songs about heartland America , is parting ways with wife Elaine , the couple said in a statement Thursday . "  John and Elaine Mellencamp are proud of their 20 years together and are very happy with their accomplishments both as parents and as a family , " a publicist for the singer-songwriter , Bob Merlis , said in a statement . "  They will continue to raise their two children in Indiana but have decided to call it a day as a couple , " he said . Mellencamp 's hits include "  Pink Houses , " "  Jack and Diane " and "  Small Town . "	The singer-songwriter and wife Elaine are parting ways The couple has been together for 20 years , a publicist says
CNN  -- Is hip design more important than being green ? Technology giant Apple is catching heat on blogs this week for its decision to drop out of an environmental certification program for electronics , called EPEAT . "  In making this move , Apple is signaling that it wo n't let future design decisions be governed by those seeking to uphold environmental standards , " Erica Ogg writes for the GigaOm blog network . The decision has some strong ramifications . By U.S. law , 95 % of electronics purchases from U.S. federal agencies must be EPEAT-compliant , said Sarah O'Brien , spokeswoman for the group . That probably means Apple desktop and laptop computers can make up a maximum of 5 % of federal agencies ' purchases , if they can buy them at all . EPEAT does n't certify tablets or phones , so iPads and iPhones would be OK for the agencies to buy , O'Brien said . San Francisco also has a rule on the books prohibiting the city from purchasing desktop and laptop computers that are not EPEAT-certified , said Christine Falvey , spokeswoman for the mayor . So the city will not be able to purchase Apple desktops and laptops unless Apple gets the green certification again . "  We hope they reconsider and get back on the EPEAT certification list , " Falvey said , "  and we 'll be reaching out to them to see how we can help understand their decision . " Apple has n't commented on why it removed itself from EPEAT , which is awarded to electronics that are recyclable and energy-efficient . But EPEAT 's CEO , Robert Frisbee , says Apple 's "  design direction " may be to blame . "  They said their design direction was no longer consistent with the EPEAT requirements , " Frisbee told the Wall Street Journal . "  They were important supporters and we are disappointed that they do n't want their products measured by this standard anymore . " So what 's the design hangup ? There 's speculation that Apple 's new line of "  retina display " laptops are n't easily recyclable because their batteries are glued to the aluminum case on the computer . "  At the heart of the controversy is the company 's newest MacBook Pro with Retina Display , which Apple designed in such a way that it 's difficult to disassemble for the sake of repairs , upgrades , and recycling , " wrote InfoWorld . Apple spokeswoman Kristin Huguet issued a statement to CNN via e-mail : "  Apple takes a comprehensive approach to measuring our environmental impact and all of our products meet the strictest energy efficiency standards backed by the U.S. government , Energy Star 5.2 . We also lead the industry by reporting each product 's greenhouse gas emissions on our website , and Apple products are superior in other important environmental areas not measured by EPEAT , such as removal of toxic materials . " She declined to comment further . On its website , Apple says the MacBook Pro is recyclable  PDF  : "  Through ultra-efficient design and the use of highly recyclable materials , Apple has minimized material waste at the product 's end of life . In addition , Apple offers and participates in various product take-back and recycling programs in 95 % of the regions where Apple products are sold . " In a statement posted on its website last month , EPEAT did not elaborate on Apple 's reasons for quitting the standard , which the company and other industry leaders helped create . "  We regret that Apple will no longer be registering its products in EPEAT . We hope that they will decide to do so again at some point in future , " the group says . Greenpeace ranks Apple in the middle of the pack of tech companies -- behind HP and Dell but ahead of Samsung , Sony and others -- in terms of its sustainability and environmental friendliness . What do you think of the decision ? More important , will it affect whether you purchase Apple products ?	Apple drops green electronics certification called EPEAT The group certifies gadgets as energy efficient and recyclable EPEAT head says Apple 's "  design direction " may be to blame San Francisco 's government says it no longer will purchase Apple products
CNN  -- More than a decade after his execution , Cameron Todd Willingham is still a pawn in the debate over the death penalty . Opponents of capital punishment say Willingham 's is a clear case of an inmate being wrongfully executed , while the original prosecutor and state of Texas have been steadfast in their assertion that Willingham should be no one 's cause cÃ © lÃ ¨ bre . "  Willingham was a psychopathic killer who murdered his three children , " John H. Jackson , the former Navarro County prosecutor who handled the case in 1992 , wrote in an e-mail . "  He submitted to a polygraph with predictable results , he confessed the murders to his wife , the trial evidence established two prior incidents when he tried to kill his children in utero by vicious attacks on his wife . " Willingham was executed in February 2004 after being found guilty in an arson that killed his children , 2-year-old Amber and 1-year-old twins Karmon and Kameron . His family has fought to have his name cleared ever since . The Innocence Project filed a grievance Monday with the State Bar of Texas , asking that it investigate the now-retired prosecutor . The grievance alleges Jackson "  fabricated and concealed evidence , " including documents indicating that a jailhouse informant received special treatment in exchange for his testimony , which Jackson and the informant both claimed was not true during the original trial . A story in The Washington Post on Sunday , written by the Marshall Project , a journalistic group focusing on criminal justice matters , said Willingham 's case is especially important to death penalty opponents because it could provide the first case showing "  conclusively that an innocent man was put to death in the modern era of capital punishment . " The story points out that Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia , in upholding Kansas ' death penalty in 2006 , said opponents had failed to show a single case in which a convict was executed for a crime she or he did n't commit . Evidence and testimony at trial showed that Willingham had been involved in criminal activity since his teens and had been verbally and physically abusive with his family . Witnesses alleged that during the blaze , Willingham seemed more concerned with rescuing his car than his daughters . Appellate courts , including the Supreme Court , declined to stop Willingham 's execution , yet in his final words , he claimed to be "  an innocent man convicted of a crime I did not commit . " Since his conviction , the science employed by investigators to determine that the fatal fire was an arson , as well as a post-conviction claim by his ex-wife , Stacy Kuykendall , that Willingham confessed to her , have been matters of debate . An alleged alliance The Marshall Project story reports that informant Johnny Webb , whose testimony was integral to convicting Willingham , now says he lied on the witness stand in exchange for favors from Jackson . The story also alleges that correspondence between Jackson and Johnny Webb indicate the two were in cahoots . Jackson told CNN the letters are being misconstrued . In one letter , Webb writes that his testimony against Willingham resulted in retaliation from other inmates . "  Here , the state offered me certain benefits in exchange for my testimony , which resulted in sending a man to death row . This resulted in a murder contract being placed on my head . Because I kept my end of the promise , the state is bound to uphold theirs until my release from incarceration , " Webb wrote to Jackson in 1996 . Other documents cited in the Marshall Project report indicate Jackson worked to have the charges on which Webb was convicted reduced , to have Webb released early on a robbery conviction and to have him moved to a less dangerous prison . In a 1996 letter to a Texas Department of Criminal Justice official , Jackson wrote that Webb should be afforded an "  out-of-sequence parole hearing " based on his cooperation in the Williingham case and the subsequent threats against him . Jackson wrote in closing that incarceration would not aid Webb 's rehabilitation and would jeopardize the Willingham conviction . Thus , "  Webb 's cooperation in the murder prosecution without expectation of leniency should be accorded some consideration , " he said . Webb was granted parole in 1998 , but within months was back in jail on drug charges , which constituted a parole violation . In 2000 , Webb said in a handwritten letter that he wished to recant his testimony . The Marshall Project alleges the note was never placed in Webb 's file or disclosed to Willingham 's attorneys . "  I am given no other choice but to make this motion to recant testimony at this time , " Webb wrote . "  I was forced to testify against Mr. Willingham by the DA 's office and other officials . I was made to lie . Mr. Willingham is innocent of all charges . " ` Patently untrue ' Reached at his Corsicana , Texas , office , Jackson declined a chance to present his side of the allegations in a phone interview . Despite CNN messages left via phone and e-mail , he said he was "  skeptical CNN wants to present my side of the story . " CNN was n't given a chance to ask Jackson specific questions about the allegations -- namely , reports that numerous fire investigators now say the original conviction was based on outdated arson science and a Marshall Project allegation that a wealthy businessman with connections to Jackson provided Webb money and favors . Jackson did , however , provide a 250-word response to some of the allegations against him . "  The new tack is that I promised the jailhouse witness Webb leniency if he would testify that Willingham confessed , " Jackson wrote . "  This is patently untrue and I interviewed Webb before others and very sincerely advised him that I could offer him nothing in return for his testimony . " After "  supposedly reputable journalists , " whom Jackson did n't name , outed Webb as a snitch who had cooperated with authorities , the white supremacist gang , the Aryan Brotherhood , began threatening Webb . There were also efforts by Willingham 's defense team and prison guards colluding with the Aryan Brotherhood to coerce Webb to recant , and a journalist even tried to bribe the informant , Jackson wrote . "  AFTER  emphasis Jackson 's  the Willingham trial I did everything in my power to prevent his being killed by the  Aryan Brotherhood  , " he said . "  Webb wrote letters warning that he would be forced to write a recantation because of death threats from the  Aryan Brotherhood  and their stooge prison guard , but that the recantation would be false . " Jackson also alluded in his e-mail to Willingham 's ex-wife 's claim that Willingham confessed to her before his execution . Indeed , in 2010 , responding to the Willingham family 's push to have her former husband 's name cleared , Stacy Kuykendall told reporters gathered at an Austin courthouse that Willingham admitted setting the blaze . "  Todd murdered Amber , Karmon and Kameron . He burnt them , " she said . "  He admitted he burnt them to me , and he was convicted for his crime . That is the closest to justice that my daughters will ever get . " She would later tell the Chicago Tribune and The New Yorker magazine that Willingham made no such confession to her , according to their reports . Arson or no arson ... In his e-mail to CNN , Jackson did not address the arson science used in the investigation , but he wrote in a 2009 guest column for the Corsicana Daily Sun that there was sufficient evidence of Willingham 's guilt without the problematic findings in the arson report . "  The Willingham trial has become a sort of cause celebre by anti-death penalty proponents because it seems to be an example of outmoded scientific techniques which led to a miscarriage of justice , " he said . "  In fact , the trial testimony  the newspaper  reported in 1991 contains overwhelming evidence of guilt completely independent of the undeniably flawed forensic report . " He pointed to seven factors that he said helped establish Willingham 's guilt , including his violent past , evidence showing someone had blocked the door 's back home with a refrigerator , the "  superficial " nature of Willingham 's burns and an analysis suggesting Willingham had n't inhaled excessive smoke , as he claimed , during his rescue attempt . Little seems certain in Willingham 's case , outside the fact that death penalty opponents and proponents staunchly disagree over his guilt . Disagreement has been a mark of the case , as Willingham 's own defense attorney told CNN in 2009 that he thought his client was guilty , while one of the jurors who convicted him expressed doubts . Texas Gov. Rick Perry has defended his decision not to stay Willingham 's execution , calling him a "  monster . " Meanwhile , Innocence Project Co-Director Barry Scheck said in the Monday news release that not only should the verdict be called into question , but so should the man who prosecuted Willingham . "  We are asking the State Bar of Texas to investigate and prosecute this matter , which we believe is of profound importance to all citizens in this country . Whether one supports or opposes the death penalty , the execution of an innocent man is , as Justice  Sandra Day  O'Connor has said , a ` constitutionally intolerable event , ' " Scheck said . Jackson has seen his case under fire before , and he stands by the verdict today , just as he did when it was handed down in 1992 and when he penned his guest commentary for the local paper in 2009 . "  While anti-death-penalty advocates can muster some remarkably good arguments , Todd Willingham should not be anyone 's poster child , " he wrote then . CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Cameron Todd Willingham was executed in 2004 for killing his 3 children Innocence Project asks that prosecutor in 1992 case be investigated Ex-prosecutor : Allegations latest "  tack " by death penalty opponents in case John Jackson says he tried to protect informant after case , not coerce testimony
The Frisky  -- Back in 2007 , "  Bachelor " viewers were shocked when lame-oid Brad Womack decided not to choose either of the final 2 contestants  Jenni Croft or DeAnna Pappas  in the show 's last episode . Uh , did n't he get that memo about the point of the show ? DeAnna was totally heartbroken , but picked herself up and became "  The Bachelorette . " Only she and her final choice -- Jesse Csincsak -- did n't work out , either . Now , DeAnna has found her new love . And oddly enough , it happened because of "  The Bachelor . " One of DeAnna 's good friends is Holly Durst , a contestant on "  The Bachelor " who was let go by Matt Grant .  Bizarre side note : she also dated Jesse .  Holly later got together with Michael Stagliano , who tried to win over Jillian Harris on "  The Bachelorette . " Holly and Michael decide to set up DeAnna with Michael 's twin , Stephen , and -- shocker -- it worked . DeAnna is currently home in Georgia , planning her wedding to Stephen , which will apparently be going down very soon . According to RadarOnline , before she left for the trip , Stephen tweeted , "  The love of my life leaves me today to go home to Georgia : . " There 's something oddly inspiring about seeing someone who was crushed on "  The Bachelor " find love in real life . And we were happy to discover a few other "  Bachelor " and "  Bachelorette " alums who went from heartbroken to giddily happy in a very short time . The Frisky : "  Bachelorette " Ali 's 6 steps make any man fall madly in love 1 . She sought out her ex after public humiliation Melissa Rycroft had one of the most disappointing runs on "  The Bachelor " ever . After picking her and proposing in the final episode , Jason Mesnick changed his mind and very publicly dumped her for runner-up Molly Malaney on the "  After the Final Rose " special . It was bad . Really , really bad . But Melissa leaned on a close friend and ex , Tye Strickland , after it all went down . Six months later they were engaged and they tied the knot last December , having their first kiss as a married couple to an instrumental version of the "  Monday Night Football " theme song . She told Us Weekly , "  We 've been really good friends , but the timing was never right , " she said . "  It 's funny how things happen . -LSB- Jason dumping me -RSB- was one of the best things that has happened to me in my life . " The Frisky : 8 celebrity dudes describe their dream woman 2 . Double rejections led to double happiness Both Tara Durr and John Presser got rejected the first night they appeared on the series . The "  Bachelor " Lorenzo Borghese just was n't feeling Tara , the real estate agent from Florida . And the "  Bachelorette " Jillian sent John packing without much of a chance . But through assorted reunions of the show , these two met and fell in love . "  We probably never would have met if it was n't for the show . He 's actually from Indiana , and I 've never even been to Indiana , and he 's now in Connecticut , and I had never been to Connecticut , " Tara said . John is pumped , too . In an interview with People , he revealed  TMI ?  , "  Her morals were there . She saved herself for marriage , and for a girl like her , extremely attractive , to save herself for marriage , " he said . "  I 'm just an extremely lucky guy . " The Frisky : 10 celebrity couples who look related -- eww ! 3 . He went from being bashed to being matched It 's a little harder to feel sorry for Aaron Buerge , who had his choice of ladyfolk on season two of "  The Bachelor " and ended up with Helen Eksterowicz . But they broke up after a few months , and Helen penned a book bashing him called Nobody 's Perfect : What to Do When You 've Fallen for a Jerk but You Want to Make It Work . So we 're happy that he finally found love and asked Angye McIntosh to marry him last year . In an interview with People magazine , he explained how they met : "  My ex-girlfriend and I thought we would get together for some beers with some other people , and that 's how I met Angye , " he said . "  Long story short , I got some hot dog mustard on her the first time we met . " Cute ! The Frisky : Did you notice ? 10 startling character switcheroos TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Some heartbroken "  Bachelor " contestants have found new love because of the show Melissa Rycroft married her ex after Jason Mesnick publicly dumped her Tara Durr and John Presser were rejected the first night , but met on reunion episodes
Health.com  -- An essential nutrient found in fish oil does not appear to slow the mental decline associated with Alzheimer 's disease , according to a new study in the Journal of the American Medical Association . The study is merely the latest to cast doubt on the mental benefits of the omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid  DHA  , which until recently was considered a promising way to minimize the risk and damage of dementia .  The other main ingredient found in fish oil , eicosapentaenoic acid , or EPA , is not believed to play a significant role in brain health . Health.com : Fish oil does n't benefit new moms , babies DHA or fish-oil supplements are n't likely to cause any harm to Alzheimer 's patients , but they are n't likely to do any good either , says Steven H. Ferris , Ph.D. , the director of the Aging and Dementia Research Center at New York University . Fish oil "  seems to be healthy in general , and maybe for other things it 's helpful , but it does n't benefit cognitive function in a person with Alzheimer 's , " says Ferris , who was not involved in the study . Research on DHA has been inconclusive and sometimes conflicting . Several studies that followed large groups of people as they aged have suggested that a diet rich in fish is linked to a reduced risk of dementia and mental decline , but most randomized controlled trials comparing DHA supplements with placebo have found no benefit . Health.com : 9 foods that may help save your memory "  It 's not the first time something in large epidemiological datasets just did n't work out clinically , " Ferris says , noting that statin medications , anti-inflammatory drugs , and estrogen therapy have all failed to live up to their initial promise in preventing or treating Alzheimer 's . "  Unfortunately , that seems to be the situation here . " The study was funded by the National Institute on Aging and was led by Dr. Joseph F. Quinn , M.D. , a neurologist at the Oregon Health and Science University , in Portland . Quinn and his colleagues randomly assigned about 400 women and men in their mid-70s with likely Alzheimer 's disease -- the disease is very difficult to accurately diagnose -- to take 2 grams of DHA or placebo capsules per day . After 18 months , the average mental decline in the DHA and placebo groups was nearly identical , as measured on two separate tests and rating scales . Despite the disappointing results , the study does n't entirely rule out the possibility that DHA may have some benefit if taken earlier in life . A growing body of research suggests that dementia begins decades before any noticeable symptoms surface , and it 's possible that DHA helps prevent or slow those harmful changes . Health.com : 25 signs and symptoms of Alzheimer 's disease Treatments such as DHA may be too little too late for people who are already showing signs of Alzheimer 's , according to Dr. Kristine Yaffe , M.D. , a professor of psychiatry at the University of California , San Francisco . "  Effective treatment strategies to prevent progression of -LSB- Alzheimer 's disease -RSB- will likely need to be initiated earlier , " Yaffe writes in an editorial accompanying the study . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Studies show that an essential nutrient in fish oil does not appear to slow mental decline Fish oil seems to be healthy in general , but does not benefit Alzheimer 's patients cognitively Treatments such as DHA could prevent or slow dementia if started earlier in life
Odisha State , India  CNN  -- The last time a storm as powerful as Cyclone Phailin struck the eastern coast of India , 10,000 people died . So the sense of relief is strong in the state of Odisha , where Phailin made landfall this weekend . "  I felt like I was going to die , everyone was so tense , " said Raju Pradhan , who lives with his family in Odisha . At least 21 were killed as a direct result of the cyclone , according to Pradipta Kumar Mohapatra , Odisha state special relief commissioner . Every death is tragic , but considering Phailin was the strongest tropical storm to hit India in more than a decade , the toll could have been much higher . iReport : Cyclone leaves Indian slums in ruins Pradhan was among 900,000 Odisha residents evacuated to shelters in schools and government offices . Authorities also moved food and medicine close to affected areas before the storm . Those preparations now are credited with the huge reduction in casualties from 1999 's Cyclone Orissa , which killed 10,000 and caused more than $ 2 billion in damage . That cyclone , the strongest ever recorded in Bay of Bengal , carried winds of 155 mph at landfall . Phailin arrived with winds of 140 mph . By Monday evening , almost everyone who had been in shelters because of Phailin had gone home , with the few who are left expected to return home by Tuesday morning , Mohapatra said . Assessing damage Phailin flooded highways and knocked down trees and power lines . Authorities said it could take up to a week to restore electric service . Flooded roads and rail lines could take longer to repair . Major crop damage also was expected , and some evacuees may have lost homes made of mud and bamboo . Aid had not reached all areas . When a CNN crew arrived Sunday in a coastal village in Ganjam District , residents ran outside to complain . The village was running out of food and water , the residents said . And they said they expected more flooding as rainfall from the storm drained toward them . Cyclone leaves trail of destruction Panic buying About 40 miles inland in the state capital of Bhubaneswar , resident Prabir Panda said he and others were alarmed into buying food , candles and buckets by news reports comparing Phailin to Orissa and the Hurricane Katrina in the United States . And he said he worried when a tree in his garden was blown down and others swung crazily in the wind . But afterward , people in Bhubaneswar emerged to check out the damage and share their relief , he said . Property damage in the city was limited to trees and small shops , he said . Panda praised the evacuations of people from low-lying places , which he said ran against "  a cultural feeling that we normally do n't move out of our houses whatever the cause . " "  This time , the government ensured people are forced to move out , " he said . He said government disaster management teams and military forces had been on the job in his city for two days . "  Everyone is happy with the way the local state government has managed it this time , " Panda said . CNN 's Mallika Kapur reported from the Indian state of Odisha , and David Simpson wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Radina Gigova contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 21 deaths recorded so far from Phailin impact Odisha residents feared repeat of 1999 when 10,000 died Evacuation of 900,000 credited with saving lives Some coastal residents say they 're still waiting for help
CNN  -- The largest Ebola outbreak in history has struck fear into the hearts of people around the world . While fewer than 3,000 people have been killed by the virus since it was discovered in 1976 , the disease 's virulence and deadliness , combined with the lack of a cure , inspire dread like almost no other . We asked you what questions you had about Ebola and received more than 1,000 responses via social media . Here are expert answers to some of your most common questions and concerns . What is Ebola ? Medecins Sans Frontieres describes Ebola as "  one of the world 's most deadly diseases . " "  It is a highly infectious virus that can kill up to 90 % of the people who catch it , causing terror among infected communities , " MSF says . The Ebola virus causes viral hemorrhagic fever , which , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , refers to a group of viruses that affect multiple organ systems in the body and are often accompanied by bleeding . The virus is named after the Ebola River in the Democratic Republic of Congo  formerly Zaire  , where one of the first outbreaks occurred in 1976 . The World Health Organization says there are five different strains of the virus , named after the areas where they originated . Three of these have been associated with large outbreaks of hemorrhagic fever in Africa . Of Ebola 's five subtypes , the Zaire strain -- the first to be identified -- is considered the most deadly . The WHO said preliminary tests on the Ebola virus in Guinea in March suggested that the outbreak there was this strain , though that has not been confirmed . What are Ebola 's symptoms ? Early symptoms include sudden onset of fever , weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat . These symptoms can appear two to 21 days after infection . The WHO says these nonspecific early symptoms can be mistaken for signs of diseases such as malaria , typhoid fever , meningitis or even the plague . MSF says some patients may also develop a rash , red eyes , hiccups , chest pains and difficulty breathing and swallowing . The early symptoms progress to vomiting , diarrhea , impaired kidney and liver function and sometimes internal and external bleeding . CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta says that if a patient is going to die from Ebola , he or she usually does so within about 10 days . Ebola can only be definitively confirmed by five different laboratory tests . How is it treated ? What about that experimental drug ? There are no specific approved treatments for Ebola . MSF says patients are isolated and then supported by health care workers . "  This consists of hydrating the patient , maintaining their oxygen status and blood pressure and treating them for any complicating infections , " it says . Two American missionary workers infected with Ebola were given an experimental drug called ZMapp , which seems to have saved their lives . The drug , developed by a San Diego firm , had never been tried before on humans , but it showed promise in small experiments on monkeys . The Americans who received it have since been declared healthy and discharged from Emory University Hospital in Atlanta . ZMapp was also administered to three Liberian health care workers who contracted Ebola . At first , they showed "  very positive signs of recovery , " according to the Liberian Ministry of Health , but one has since died of the disease . Why have n't other patients been given the experimental drug ? An ethics panel convened by the WHO concluded it is ethical to give experimental drugs during an outbreak as large as this one , but that does n't mean it will happen . Rolling out an untested drug during a massive outbreak would be very difficult , according to MSF . Experimental drugs are typically not mass-produced , and tracking the success of such a drug if used would require extra medical staff where resources are already scarce . ZMapp 's maker says it has very few doses ready for patient use . What about a vaccine ? There is currently no approved vaccination against Ebola . At least one potential Ebola vaccine has been tested in healthy human volunteers , according to Thomas Geisbert , a leading researcher at the University of Texas Medical Branch . And last week , the NIH announced that a safety trial of another Ebola vaccine will start as early as September . In March , the U.S. National Institutes of Health awarded a five-year , $ 28 million grant to establish a collaboration between researchers from 15 institutions who were working to fight Ebola . Learn more about Ebola vaccines and treatments in development How does the Ebola virus spread ? Humans contract Ebola through contact with the bodily fluids of infected animals or the bodily fluids of infected humans , like blood , sweat and feces . MSF epidemiologist Kamiliny Kalahne said outbreaks usually spread in areas where hospitals have poor infection control and limited access to resources such as running water . "  People who become sick with it almost always know how they got sick : because they looked after someone in their family who was very sick -- who had diarrhea , vomiting and bleeding -- or because they were health staff who had a lot of contact with a sick patient , " she said . Can it live outside a host ? MSF says that while the virus is believed to be able to survive for some days in liquid outside an infected organism , chlorine disinfection , heat , direct sunlight , soaps and detergents can kill it . Can it travel through the air , like a common cold or the flu ? "  This is not an airborne transmission , " said Dr. Marty Cetron , director of CDC 's Division of Global Migration and Quarantine . "  There needs to be direct contact frequently with body fluids or blood . " What about planes ? Can fellow passengers become infected if someone on the flight has the virus ? Could Ebola spread around the world via air travel ? While the CDC acknowledges it 's possible a person infected with Ebola in West Africa could get on a plane and arrive in another country , the chances of the virus spreading during the journey are low . "  It 's very unlikely that they would be able to spread the disease to fellow passengers , " said Stephan Monroe , deputy director of CDC 's National Center for Emerging Zoonotic and Infectious Diseases . "  The Ebola virus spreads through direct contact with the blood , secretions , or other body fluids of ill people , and indirect contact -- for example with needles and other things that may be contaminated with these fluids . " Travelers should take precautions by avoiding areas experiencing outbreaks and avoid contact with Ebola patients . "  It is highly unlikely that someone suffering such symptoms would feel well enough to travel , " the International Air Transport Association said in a statement . "  In the rare event that a person infected with the Ebola virus was unknowingly transported by air , WHO advises that the risks to other passengers are low . Nonetheless , WHO does advise public health authorities to carry out contact tracing in such instances . " This means determining who had contact with the affected person . What is the risk of catching Ebola on a plane ? Is Ebola going to be our era 's plague or Black Death ? Is it the most dangerous disease on the planet ? Not likely , says Gupta . "  Ebola is not the great plague ; there 's no question about that , " he explained . "  The grim reality is that it often kills so quickly that people do n't have time to spread it . " "  It 's a myth that Ebola is the most dangerous disease that humans have ever encountered , " he added . "  HIV/AIDS , for example , certainly has killed more people , and up until recently , there was no treatment for that disease either . Rabies , something that you can get from animals as well , if you develop symptoms , you 're very unlikely to survive . With Ebola right now , about seven out of 10 people are dying  in Guinea  , but not everybody . " Dr. Gupta on more Ebola myths and truths If you survive Ebola , are you immune , like chickenpox ? Doctors believe surviving Ebola leaves you immune to future infection . Scientists have found that people who survive Ebola have antibodies in their blood that would provide protection against that strain of the virus in the future , and possibly against other strains as well . But , as you can imagine , they have n't tested this theory by infecting survivors with the virus again . How do people react to Ebola survivors ? CNN 's Nima Elbagir , who has been reporting on the outbreak in West Africa , says those "  lucky " enough to survive the disease frequently find that the stigma attached to Ebola means they are ostracized once they recover . "  They find it very difficult to come back to their communities and be accepted , because people just do n't believe that they have been cured , " she explains . "  There 's a lot of superstition , a belief that Ebola is almost a ` curse ' and that makes it much more difficult to deal with . " Where did Ebola start ? The WHO says it is believed that fruit bats may be the natural host of the Ebola virus in Africa , passing on the virus to other animals . 9 things to know about Ebola Are myths making the Ebola outbreak worse ? What happens when you survive Ebola ? Timeline of the Ebola outbreak CNN 's Susannah Cullinane , Bryony Jones , Faith Karimi , Madison Park , Rachel Rodriguez and Jacque Wilson contributed to this report .	The Ebola virus kills up to 90 % of people who catch it , according to Medecins Sans Frontieres How is it transmitted ? Is there any treatment ? Can we protect ourselves ? We address some of your most frequently asked questions about the disease
There 's one thing that even the traveler who can afford to go anywhere ca n't buy : time . Rest assured , if they could , our nation 's wealthy would slip through history in nuclear-powered DeLoreans , splashing time-space mud upon the rest of us present-bound plebes as they zoomed past . To help them out  all of us , really  , we 've identified the next best thing : a roundup of destinations -- from bucolic to bourgeois -- that will make you forget what era you 're in . Hotel Monteleone  New Orleans New Orleans is like an accordion of time , with every period folded over onto itself , forming a single wild note . This sound can be heard loudest in the French Quarter . No hotel captures the rich , rhythmic history of the city like Hotel Monteleone . Built in 1886 , the Beaux-Arts style high-rise transports you to the early city 's heyday as soon as you enter its majestic white marble-covered lobby . Done up in elegant style , author suites are named after favorite former guests William Faulkner , Ernest Hemingway , Tennessee Williams and Truman Capote . A visit to the Carousel Bar & Lounge is practically mandatory . The bar has been revolving for 64 years and specializes in the Vieux Carre Cocktail -- a mixture of Benedictine , Peychaud , Angostura bitters , rye whiskey , cognac and dry vermouth that was reportedly invented by one of the Monteleone bartenders as patrons spun around him . Hotel Monteleone , 214 Royal St. , New Orleans ; +1 504 523 3341 ; rooms from $ 170 The Biltmore Hotel  Miami/Coral Gables Constructed with Italian , Spanish and Moorish influences , the Biltmore in Miami-Coral Gables is a towering , opulent castle rising from South Florida 's tropical terrain . During its prime , the Coral Gables Biltmore was a favorite of the Vanderbilts , the Roosevelts , mobsters , celebs and European dignitaries . While you can no longer see weekly synchronized swimming and alligator wrestling , take swimming lessons from Johnny Weissmuller  before he was Tarzan  or dance to oversized jazz orchestras , there are still plenty of old school luxuries . For instance , the Donald Ross-designed golf course , originally constructed in 1925 , and afternoon tea while listening to classical guitarists . The Biltmore ,1200 Anastasia Ave. , Coral Gables , Florida ; +1 835 311 6903 ; rooms from $ 209 Beverly Hills Hotel  Beverly Hills , California Built in 1912 , the Beverly Hills Hotel predates the city of Beverly Hills by two years . Early on , the Mediterranean-revival building hosted Charlie Chaplin , Buster Keaton and Will Rogers , and the star power carried on through the years . Elizabeth Taylor spent six of her eight honeymoons at the Pink Palace . From the '40s - era Formica counter and pink stools of the Fountain Coffee Room to the canopied beds to the white-and-forest-green-striped Polo Lounge , it 's easy to forget which war is on . Beverly Hills Hotel , 9641 Sunset Blvd. , Beverly Hills , California ; +1 310 276 2251 ; rooms from $ 492 Hotel Lautner  Desert Hot Springs , California The Desert Hot Springs Motel was a midcentury-modern oasis designed by Frank Lloyd Wright protégé John Lautner . The building was originally intended as the first of many that would constitute a new community in Desert Hot Springs -- the brainchild of film director Lucien Hubbard -- but the plan was abandoned and the motel became a destination for stars looking for a quick flutter away from the City of Angels , less than two hours west . The site soon went into disrepair , then endured a few lives of its own before an interior designer and furniture designer purchased , revitalized and renamed the motel . Now Hotel Lautner is an ode to its namesake . Every inch keeps in tune with the architect 's philosophy , yet each room feels as fresh as if Lautner gave the final OK just a few months ago . Hotel Lautner , 67710 San Antonio St. , Desert Hot Springs , California ; +1 760 832 5288 ; closed July and August ; rooms from $ 225 Dunton Hot Springs  Dolores , Colorado If you 're hankering for a trip back in time , maybe the 1880s Wild West suits your boots . About 30 miles southwest of Telluride sits Dunton Hot Springs , a former gold and silver mining village that 's been transformed into a rustic paradise with 12 cabins , a dance hall and an open-air chapel . The "  town " draws guests who want to leave cell phone service behind and relax in the natural hot springs . Though visitors are surrounded by nothing but nature , they 're far from roughing it -- each cabin has been restored with elegance and comfort that could n't have been imagined by early settlers , even if they 'd struck it rich . Dunton Hot Springs , 52068 Road 38 , Dolores , Colorado ; +1 970 882 4800 ; from $ 600 Grand Hotel  Mackinac Island , Michigan To get back to an age when carriages shared the roads with pedestrians and bicycles , you need to visit Mackinac Island , where you can stay at the aptly named Grand Hotel . Opened in 1887 , the massive Queen Anne-style hotel has remained largely unchanged since the early years when Edison Phonograph agents held demonstrations and Mark Twain lectured in the casino . Cars were allowed for about three decades , but the citywide ban on them began in 1930 . Perhaps the hotel 's grandest distinction is its porch : At 660 feet it 's said to be the longest in the world . Guests can walk the entire length or sit in one of dozens of white rocking chairs and look out over Lake Huron . Grand Hotel , 286 Grand Ave. , Mackinac Island , Michigan ; +1 800 334 7263 ; rooms from $ 139 Plaza Hotel  New York You can almost feel the jazz radiating from the walls of this historic F. Scott Fitzgerald haunt . The Lost Generation 's most famous partier loved the Plaza so much , he made it a setting in his greatest work , "  The Great Gatsby . " The hotel has n't shied away from the honor . They 've even gone so far as to create a Fitzgerald Suite . If you prefer a room unburdened by photos of Leonardo DiCaprio and Carey Mulligan , there are other vintage options available . Whether you 're staying at the hotel or not , a night in any of the hotel 's dining and drinking venues might make you feel like you could run into Jay Gatsby at any moment . Plaza Hotel , 768 Fifth Ave. , New York ; +1 212 759 3000 ; rooms from $ 533 Old Faithful Inn  Yellowstone National Park , Wyoming For more than a century , nature lovers have been staying at the largest log hotel in the world , overlooking America 's favorite  and most punctual  wonder . The colossal rustic lodge is just as impressive as it was when it opened in 1904 , and probably just as crowded , so do n't expect much intimacy or peace during peak hours . There 's also the matter of a tacky tourist shop and mediocre food . But where else can you stand on a terrace with a cocktail , watching moose grazing below , as boiling water shoots 185 feet up from the earth in the distance ? Old Faithful Inn , 1 Grand Loop Road , Yellowstone National Park , Wyoming ; +1 866 439 7375 ; rooms from $ 103	Elizabeth Taylor spent six of her eight honeymoons at the Beverly Hills Hotel Southern California 's Hotel Lautner is a midcentury-modern masterpiece Grand Hotel on Mackinac Island , Michigan , is said to have longest porch in the world : 660 feet New York 's Plaza Hotel 's art deco Fitzgerald Suite honors the writer and his era
CNN  -- With the latest reports of fake lists of dead veterans and alleged electronic coverups still going on at Phoenix Veterans Administration hospital , it 's clear the disaster that has become the VA is just getting worse . So now more than ever , we have a duty to call on our leaders to right the wrongs we have found and prevent more from taking place . Our veterans , who survived hand grenades and bullets , are now facing a growing threat from three-ring binders and manila folders -- and a VA culture reluctant to measure , too slow to adapt and not responsive to their needs . To truly fix this problem , we must follow where the evidence takes us . For thousands of veterans in this country -- and those returning home from more than a decade at war -- the stakes could not be higher . The true cost of an antiquated system , slow technological upgrades , and the inability to track performance of the system itself can now be measured in thousands waiting far too long for care , and perhaps the tragic deaths of our brave heroes who may have waited too long for care . The next leader of the VA has a lengthy to-do list . After all , Secretary Eric Shinseki 's resignation did not reduce any backlogs or streamline the complex bureaucracy that exists and has harmed our veterans . And virtually all of those responsible for setting up and maintaining the culture of deception that has produced this scandal still have jobs . Until we can accurately measure and use information to evaluate what works and what does n't -- and then address the problems our veterans face -- the rooms piled full of files and paperwork are not going anywhere , and veterans will continue to be neglected . The VA has had challenges under both Democratic and Republican administrations -- and if ever there was a bipartisan problem in need of bipartisan solutions , this is it . Here 's where we should start : 1 . Improve the systems : We must continue to modernize the VA system through technology and data-driven approaches that demand results and make evaluation possible . The transition to electronic medical records is good , but not enough . 2 . Collect and evaluate data : The backlog , and outdated and inaccurate tracking systems , fogged our ability to realize the scope of the problem and provide the care veterans deserve . The VA has an opportunity to learn from their mistakes and change their culture to one that tracks results and is responsive to the data they collect . American veterans deserve a system that meets the standard of excellence they set through their service . Collecting data from not only the investigations , but into the future as well will enable the VA to evaluate what is working and what needs more attention , funding or repair . 3 . Meet the needs of veterans through smart deployment of resources : As a former chairman of the House Budget Committee and director of the Office of Management and Budget , I can safely say that throwing money at a problem has n't and does n't fix it -- and neither does blindly cutting funding . I am glad the VA was spared from sequestration cuts , as the VA has , despite funding increases , a classic problem of supply and demand . They have a lack of sufficient doctors and health care workers to meet the growing needs of all veterans , including aging vets and those returning from two protracted wars . The VA must now ask : What does the evidence in other health care systems tell us about how to efficiently meet the needs of veterans , while strengthening the quality of care and VA health system itself ? Funding boosts for an antiquated system alone wo n't help , but looking at what works in other health delivery systems , as well successful public and market strategies will . 4 . Establish strong leadership and bipartisan buy-in : A lengthy and political Senate confirmation process for Secretary Shinseki 's replacement will do nothing for our veterans . What the VA needs now is strong leadership and bipartisan support for the next secretary which will give that individual a mandate to change the culture and fix the broken systems . 5 . Listen to the customers : In business , there is no substitute for listening to the customers . The same goes for our nation 's veterans . A nationally representative survey of veterans accessing the VA health care system should be conducted immediately to fully understand the depth and breadth of the problems they have faced beyond long waiting periods for their appointments . It will also give the new VA leadership some informative data . Together , we must get the facts , follow the evidence , listen to the veterans themselves , and we should use this as an opportunity for evidence-based , transformational change . We made a promise to our military members and their families . It is our duty to keep it . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Jim Nussle says even as the VA scandal gets worse , we have a duty to fix a broken system New allegations of secret lists and a coverup have surfaced at the Phoenix VA Nussle : If ever there was a bipartisan problem in need of bipartisan solutions , this is it
CNN  -- The first woman to be president of Kosovo took office Thursday after being elected by the Kosovo Assembly in a special session . Atifete Jahjaga , 35 , is the former deputy general director of Kosovo police . She received 80 votes in the 120-member Assembly . Her election follows a ruling by the constitutional court that the process leading to the election of businessman Behgjet Pacolli as president on February 22 was unconstitutional . Opposition members boycotted the session , leaving fewer lawmakers than required by law , it said . The opposition threatened to repeat the boycott if Pacolli ran again . Jahjaga , who has no political background and is a relative unknown among the Kosovo public , came up as a compromise candidate only Wednesday night in a meeting that included Pacolli , Prime Minister Hashim Thaci and the leader of the main opposition party , Isa Mustafa . The U.S. ambassador to Kosovo , Christopher Dell , took part as a mediator . At a news conference Wednesday night , Thaci said a memorandum of agreement reached in the meeting calls for formation of a committee to alter the constitution so that the president would be directly elected by the people . It says a presidential election is to be held six to nine months after the constitutional change takes effect . The agreement also calls for forming a committee to amend election law in time for parliamentary and local elections in 2013 . Former President Pacolli 's decision to withdraw as a candidate played an important part in ending the crisis , Thaci , Mustafa and Dell said Wednesday night .	Atifete Jahjaga , a relative unknown , was selected as a compromise candidate The election of a president in February had been ruled unconstitutional The constitution is to be amended to allow popular election of the president
CNN  -- Could you catch a wild gorilla ? What about a person dressed as a gorilla ? This week , staff at Tokyo 's Ueno Zoo practiced capturing escaped animals by chasing around one of their colleagues wearing a gorilla suit . Visitors gaped as scores of helmet-wearing keepers surrounded the "  gorilla " with cars and nets . Staff then pretended to tranquilize their coworker , who swooned dramatically and collapsed to the ground . The acting ape was immediately wrapped in a large net and hauled away on a truck . The escaped animal drill at the Tokyo zoo is conducted every other year , and this time zookeeper Natsumi Uno was chosen to wear the animal costume . "  In our work there may be times when we need to capture an animal , but we would never be the ones being captured , " Uno told reporters . "  So I tried to feel what an animal might feel and realized when they were on the run they would be scared . That 's how I felt . " But some onlookers were barely moved . One Japanese user posted on Twitter , "  Ueno Zoo 's escape drill was n't tense at all . " Another wrote , "  The gorilla escape drill was so laid back ! Made me laugh . " The practice is part of the city 's earthquake preparedness drills , where city workers prepare for scenarios that may occur in the event of an earthquake . That includes capturing raging beasts . In the past , the Ueno Zoo has tried using different animal outfits : In 2004 , two men ran around the zoo while wearing a giant papier-mâché rhinoceros over their heads . The technique is n't just Japanese -- in 2012 , the Franklin Park Zoo in Boston , Massachusetts practiced capturing an employee in a giraffe costume . The year before that , zookeepers in China "  caught " a man dressed as Tigger from the "  Winnie the Pooh " cartoon . Of course , real animals are more difficult to catch . When an actual monkey escaped from the Ueno Zoo in 2010 , it took six hours before officials finally netted it in the basement of a neighboring restaurant .	Japanese zoo practiced capturing escaped animals by chasing colleague in gorilla suit "  I tried to feel what an animal might feel , " said zookeeper wearing the costume In 2004 , the drill was conducted with two men inside rhinoceros costume
CNN  -- At least 24 people -- including nine children -- were killed when a massive tornado struck an area outside Oklahoma City on Monday afternoon , officials said . Read more : Heartbreaking scenes in Oklahoma City after disaster At least seven of those children were killed at Plaza Towers Elementary School in Moore , Oklahoma , police said . Emergency personnel on Tuesday continued to scour the school 's rubble -- a scene of twisted I-beams and crumbled cinder blocks . The tornado was 1.3 miles wide as it moved through Moore , in the southern part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area , the National Weather Service said . The estimated peak wind ranged from 200 to 210 mph -- which would make it an EF5 , the most powerful category of tornadoes possible -- according to the agency . Click here for our latest full story . Latest update : -- About 2,400 homes were damaged in the Oklahoma cities of Moore and Oklahoma City , said Jerry Lojka of the Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management . Some 10,000 people were directly impacted by the tornado , he said . Follow the severe weather tracker Previously reported : -- Gov. Mary Fallin said the tornado was "  one of  the  most horrific storms and disasters that this state has ever faced . " Oklahoma "  will get through this . ... We will overcome . We will rebuild . We will regain our strength , " she said . -- Officials are working on legislation for an emergency fund that would help the state 's recovery . -- Insurance claims will likely top $ 1 billion , Kelly Collins of the Oklahoma Insurance Commission told CNN . The cost would be higher than that from the May 3 , 1999 , tornado that hit the same area . -- Moore Fire Chief Gary Bird said searchers planned to search every affected structure and vehicle three times by Tuesday night . A few hours later , Moore Mayor Glenn Lewis told CNN that he does n't expect the death toll will rise past 24 , saying , "  I think that will stand . " "  We feel like we have basically gone from rescue and searching to recovery , " Lewis said . -- Mick Cornett , Oklahoma City mayor , said full electric service should be restored to the Draper Water Treatment Plant on Tuesday . Customers should eventually notice normal water pressure , he said . The storm knocked out power to the plant and authorities put the facility on generator power . -- Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano will travel to Oklahoma on Wednesday to meet with state and local officials and "  ensure that first responders are receiving the assistance they need in ongoing response and recovery efforts to the severe weather that impacted the region , " DHS announced . Napolitano also will travel to Joplin for the second anniversary of the devastating tornado that struck that community . -- Kevin Durant , star of the NBA 's Oklahoma City Thunder , pledged $ 1 million through his family foundation to American Red Cross disaster relief efforts in Oklahoma , the Red Cross said Tuesday . -- The tornado tore through a 17-mile path , the National Weather Service said . The agency said survey crews indicated that the twister began 4.4 miles west of the city of Newcastle and ended 4.8 miles east of the city of Moore . -- At least 237 people were injured , the state 's Office of Emergency Management said Tuesday , citing the Health Department . -- Oklahoma officials revised the death toll to 24 , down from 51 . Nine of the fatalities are children . -- One of those is Janae Hornsby , who was among those killed at Plaza Woods Elementary School , her father told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  She was the best kid anybody could have . She was Janae , " Joshua Hornsby said . "  She was a ball of energy , a ball of love . " -- State Rep. Mark McBride , a Republican , said he and his family have endured tornadoes for decades but "  this is the worst thing " he 's ever seen . -- President Barack Obama said he does n't yet know the "  full extent " of the damage . "  We do n't know both the human and economic losses that may have occurred , " he said Tuesday . "  Oklahoma needs to get everything it needs right away " to recover , he said . -- New York 's governor expressed his sympathy for Oklahomans in the aftermath of the "  horrific tornado . " "  Here in New York we know firsthand the devastation and pain caused by natural disasters , and in difficult times like these we , more than ever , stand with our fellow Americans , " Andrew Cuomo said Tuesday . -- The storm system behind Monday 's twister and several on Sunday is threatening a large swath of the United States on Tuesday , putting 53 million people at risk of severe weather . In the bull 's - eye Tuesday are parts of north-central Texas , southeastern Oklahoma , and northern Arkansas and Louisiana , according to the National Weather Service . -- Oklahoma first and foremost needs donations to rebuild , Fallin told CNN . -- About 34,000 customers remained without power Tuesday night after a powerful tornado slammed the Oklahoma City region -- Personnel have rescued 101 people from rubble , Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management representative Terri Watkins said Tuesday morning . Watkins cited an Oklahoma Highway Patrol tally of rescues from all agencies . -- Some of the children killed at Plaza Towers Elementary School in Moore , drowned in a basement area there , Oklahoma Lt. Gov. Todd Lamb told CNN on Tuesday morning . "  My understanding , this school ... Plaza Towers , they had a basement . Quite frankly , do n't mean to be graphic , but that 's why some of the children drowned , because they were in the basement area , " he said . Officials have said the storm killed at least seven children at the school . -- Obama signed a disaster declaration Monday night , a White House statement said . The declaration means federal emergency aid will supplement local recovery efforts . -- World leaders , including those in France , Germany , Pakistan and Spain , passed along their condolences . Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II expressed her "  deepest sympathies " to those affected and Pope Francis urged people to pray for families of those who 've died , "  especially those who lost young children . " -- The three high schools in the school district of Moore still will have graduation ceremonies on Saturday at the Cox Convention Center in Oklahoma City , Superintendent Susan Pierce said Tuesday . -- Otherwise , though , the city 's public schools will be closed for the rest of the year , school district spokeswoman Anna Trowbridge tells CNN . The last day of school was supposed to be Thursday . -- The superintendent of schools in Joplin , Missouri -- which was struck by a tornado in 2011 -- is expected to fly to Oklahoma on Tuesday night , said Oklahoma education department spokeswoman Sherry Fair . Joplin 's C.J. Huff is set to discuss the situation in Moore with the Oklahoma education chief Janet Baresi , on Wednesday . -- Country singer Toby Keith said his sister 's house was among those hit by Monday 's tornado . "  She gets to keep her stuff , but her house is not livable , " Keith said . While there 's no date , lineup or location set , Keith says he 's gotten "  500 text messages from people all over the music world " asking about a potential benefit concert . Tornado brings back terrible memories of 1999 Heartbreaking scenes in Oklahoma City area after twister CNN 's Joe Sterling , Greg Botelho and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	At its strongest , the tornado was an EF5 , the National Weather Service says At least 24 dead , more than 100 people rescued after tornado hit , officials say Insurance claims will likely top $ 1 billion , state insurance official says The mayor says "  we  have  gone from rescue and searching to recovery "
They are the latest political pawns in a partisan battle over U.S. immigration : Thousands of children who have risked their lives fleeing poverty and violence in Central America seeking "  permisos " or a pass to stay in America . It is a political chimera that touches on thorny issues like immigration reform , foreign aid , human trafficking and the U.S.-Latin American drug trade , which has helped fund violent Central American cartels that are destabilizing that region , federal officials told lawmakers at a House Homeland Security Committee hearing on Tuesday . During the session , the partisan differences on immigration reform and border security were stark . "  Why are n't we putting them on a bus like we normally do and send them back down to Guatemala ? " Alabama Republican Rep. Mike Rogers asked about the children pouring across the southern border and being held in detention facilities . "  Because the law requires that I turn them over to  Health and Human Services  sir , " responded Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson . "  Well the law required Obamacare to be kicked in two years ago and that has n't stopped the administration before when it wants to do something different , " Rogers replied . "  This is a humanitarian crisis . ... It is a national security crisis for our country and I do n't know why these children are being treated any differently . " And so it went as lawmakers and federal officials went round and round , hotly debating how best to deal with the thousands of children awaiting their fate in hot , cramped detention facilities and the thousands more expected to flood the southern border by the end of the year . "  This is a crisis . It is a crisis that has been in the making for years , one that we should have seen coming but few concrete actions have been taken , " said committee Chairman Michael McCaul . "  The Department of Homeland Security and the United States government as a whole has been slow to act , turning a blind eye to the warning signs , " the Texas Republican said . "  The tragic fact is these children are making a dangerous journey based on misinformation and the false promise of amnesty . " Immigrant children tread treacherous political landscape Partisan back and forth Republicans blame the White House and say relaxed deportation policies toward immigrant kids and their families are encouraging an estimated 60,000 Central American children who , federal law enforcement agents say , will cross the southern border into the United States this year . "  I think this humanitarian crisis can be laid directly at the feet of the President and his policy in 2012 , " said Rep. Candice Miller , a Michigan Republican . She was referring to a program backed by the Obama administration that defers deportation for children brought to the United States previously by their parents or guardians illegally . Though most of the children pouring across the border now would not qualify for "  amnesty " under the policy , immigration law and policy experts say there is strong evidence to suggest the administration 's position motivated others to make the difficult journey to the United States in the hopes that they will be granted a similar reprieve . "  What is critical here is that we correct the record , we straighten the misperceptions , " Johnson told the committee . "  The smuggling operations are creating a misinformation campaign that there is a ` permisos ' , or free pass . " Influx of immigrant children expected to last through summer President Barack Obama and fellow Democrats blame House Republicans , for refusing to take up a Senate-passed comprehensive immigration reform package last year and for continued fighting over incremental proposals . They also stress that the surge of children on the nation 's southern border is a multi-faceted problem . "  Those out there who are looking for simple answers to lay the blame on President Obama 's policy on deferred action for childhood arrivals , or even the Senate passed comprehensive immigration reform legislation , I would note that neither would apply to these kids , " said Rep. Bennie Thompson , the panel 's top Democrat . "  Hence the assertion that the recent surge in unaccompanied children is due to lax immigration enforcement does not pass the smell test . " An analysis by the Migration Policy Institute , found that the "  deep root causes for this child migration , and for the recent surge in arrivals " are complex . "  In reality , there is no single cause . Instead , a confluence of different pull and push factors has contributed to the upsurge , " the report found . "  Recent U.S. policies toward unaccompanied children , faltering economies and rising crime and gang activity in Central American countries , the desire for family reunification , and changing operations of smuggling networks have all converged . " A multi-faceted problem In the meantime , the administration is trying to stem the problem on several fronts by employing a multi-agency approach and drawing on Homeland Security , Federal Emergency Management Agency and U.S. Customs and Border Protection , among others . Should Obama use the power of his pen to turn the tide on immigration reform ? Obama has spoken with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto about that nation 's role in helping to quell the problem . Vice President Joe Biden also has traveled to Guatemala to discuss strategies for stemming the problem with Central American leaders . Johnson , who will travel to Guatemala later this summer , also made a public service announcement in Spanish and English last week aimed at Central American parents . He stressed that sending their children to smugglers who then sneak them across the border is dangerous and illegal . The administration is aggressively working to break up smuggling rings which , Johnson said have a financial incentive to spread misinformation about amnesty for children immigrating to the country illegally . He told the congressional panel that he is also weighing sending more border patrol agents to the frontlines of the problem . White House to spend millions to curb undocumented children crossing border The administration unveiled a plan to spend roughly $ 100 million in aid to Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador to help the children reintegrate and remain in their home countries once they are sent back by the United States , according to a White House statement . The administration also announced it will set aside $ 161.5 million this year for programs aimed at helping countries in that region better "  respond to the region 's most pressing security and governance challenges . " Republicans want the administration to do more . "  Instead of increasing funding we need to stop U.S. aid in the centrals , " Miller said . "  I would say no more money from America until they step up to their own responsibilities and stop their citizens from migrating to the United States . ... We need to whack our neighbors to make sure they understand they 're not going to be taking our money . We are not the ATM machine . "	Members of Congress , Obama administration in partisan debate over immigrant kid surge Republicans blame administration policy temporarily deferring deportation Democrats say the GOP perspective is misleading , the problem is multi-layered Thousands of children await a resolution as the partisan bickering continues
CNN  -- Newt Gingrich 's immigration plan could be a breakthrough moment for conservatives . It could be a new kind of signal from conservatives that we are not bound in an absolutist straitjacket when it comes to immigration reform . First and foremost , Gingrich 's solution to illegal immigration is not amnesty . His plan would create a narrow and demanding path to legality , not to full citizenship . According to his "  21st Century Contract with America , " solving America 's immigration problem would begin with full control of the border by January 1 , 2014 . All government resources necessary would be made available for this , including "  round-the-clock drone flights " and "  multi-layer , strategic fencing in urban areas . " Additionally , Gingrich 's plan would reform the legal visa system , offer incentives for the best brains in the world to come to America  with H1-B skilled work visas  , develop a legal guest-worker program run by corporations outside of the government , and make English the official language of government . A majority of conservatives agree with these reforms . Where they differ right now is on Gingrich 's plan for legality for the illegal immigrants already in the country . Gingrich 's call for a "  humane " immigration policy in last Tuesday 's CNN debate sounded too much like amnesty to many conservatives . But a closer look at Gingrich 's plan might change minds . Gingrich 's immigration plan would only grant legality , not full citizenship , to anyone who has entered the country illegally should they meet stringent requirements . Anyone with a criminal record would be ineligible and subject to deportation , as well as those who entered the country recently and have no commercial or family ties to the United States . Only those who can sustain themselves without government assistance  Social Security , Medicare , Medicaid , etc.  and pay for their own private health insurance would be eligible to stay . An independent , local "  citizen 's review " board would grant legal status based on the requirements above as well as the immigrant 's standing in his or her community . Should they be permitted to stay , they will still be subject to a $ 5,000 penalty . Gingrich 's plan is strict and nuanced . But more importantly , it could be a sign of a new conservative philosophy . As he said in the debate , "  I do not believe that the people of the United States are going to take people who have been here a quarter century , who have children and grandchildren , who are members of the community , who may have done something 25 years ago , separate them from their families , and expel them . " Some of Gingrich 's fellow GOP presidential contenders seized on this statement and used it against him . Michele Bachmann called his plan amnesty and said it would give 11 million illegal immigrants a free pass . Campaigning in Iowa after the CNN debate , Gov. Mitt Romney was also quick to call Gingrich 's plan amnesty . Other prominent conservatives , like Iowa 's Rep. Steve King , bristled at Gingrich 's plan , saying it would be another magnet or incentive for illegal immigrants to enter the country and set up a family . Now that Gingrich is a legitimate frontrunner in the GOP presidential race his plan will be fully vetted , as it should be . There are some legitimate concerns . How big is this group of illegal immigrants we 're talking about ? If Gingrich 's plan would legalize 1 million , and the actual problem is 10-15 million , it 's not much of a solution . How can an illegal immigrant have stayed here 25 years legally without having broken additional laws such as filing taxes with a false social security number or receiving welfare without being eligible ? Another question : Why not just focus on enforcement first ? Once it is achieved , Americans would be much more open to additional reforms and possible accommodations . Despite these serious and consequential objections , Gingrich has the nation 's attention right now and should use this moment to offer a full , detailed explanation of his immigration plan to the American people . It is not a perfect , comprehensive plan , but it 's a starting point and moves the conversation in the right direction . Conservatives have long been victim to the liberal argument that they would mass deport all illegal immigrants . Gingrich offers a serious alternative that needs to be debated . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett	Newt Gingrich 's immigration plan has been attacked as "  amnesty " William Bennett says the plan is nuanced and strict and deserves study He says it emphasizes border security and attracting skilled workers Bennett : Gingrich plan could be a breakthrough for conservative philosophy on immigration
CNN  Where do you go from here ? The fourth season of "  Game of Thrones " saw massive battles , major deaths  Tywin !  and White Walkers , but what can fans expect Sunday as we head into a fifth season of one of the most popular shows in HBO history ? It 's the most high-profile premiere yet , airing simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time .  HBO is a Time Warner company , like CNN . We sought out "  Thrones " aficionado Doug Gross , a writer for Nerdwallet and a former CNN employee , who had a few thoughts on the matter  beware , TV fans , he has read the books  . "  We 're going to start seeing some of the show 's major story arcs coming together , " Gross said  as confirmed by the executive producers  . "  Already , Stannis has shown up at the Wall to save Jon Snow and the rest of the Night 's Watch from the wildlings , " he said . "  Now we 'll see how his quest for the Iron Throne collides with the Watch 's supposedly non-political role protecting the realm . " Tyrion 's path should cross with Daenerys ' this season , according to the trailers . "  Season five also will be unique in that some of the major story arcs will clearly be moving ahead of where George Martin is in the ` Song of Ice and Fire ' books , " Gross pointed out . Executive producer David Benioff told Rolling Stone , "  We are starting to build to a crescendo , which means the battles have to get bigger and things have to get more dramatic . " Indeed , this fifth season means we 're past the halfway point , with the show currently set to end after seven years . The Stark daughters , Arya and Sansa , will be the characters to watch this season , as will Cersei . The world of Westeros is constantly plagued by war , but is there a time when people have just had enough ? "  Wars are waged by the nobles , but it 's the common folk who suffer , " Gross noted . "  And , this season , we 'll get a glimpse of what happens when those common people have had enough . "	The smash hit series "  Game of Thrones " returns for a fifth season Sunday Major story arcs should start to converge this year
CNN  -- Undaunted after receiving another point penalty this week , runaway MotoGP leader Marc Marquez put himself in a good position to win yet another race when he sped to pole position in Malaysia . A wet track did n't hinder the Spanish rookie , who eclipsed Casey Stoner 's lap record of six years ago by clocking two minutes , 011 seconds at Sepang on Saturday . He overcame a mistake on his second-last qualifying lap to end an exciting session that saw Valentino Rossi , Cal Crutchlow , Jorge Lorenzo and Dani Pedrosa all hold the lead at one stage . The dominant Marquez recorded his eighth pole of the campaign and fourth in succession . "  I 'm really happy with this pole position , particularly as earning it was a little different to my previous poles , " Marquez was quoted as saying by MotoGP 's official website . "  At the start of qualifying there were two completely wet corners , which made it hard to put in a hot lap as we had to calculate the amount of risk while still maintaining our speed . "  I knew that the final lap of the session would be definitive because the surface was drying out and conditions were getting better by the minute . " Marquez was docked a third point this season for colliding with Repsol Honda teammate Pedrosa at the Aragon Grand Prix last month and if he is deducted a fourth point , he 'll have to start a race at the back of the grid . While Pedrosa was n't pleased with Marquez 's antics , Yamaha 's Lorenzo -- the reigning world champion and second to Marquez in the standings -- came to the 20-year-old 's defense . Rejuvenated Rossi Nine-time world champion Rossi placed second Saturday , his best qualifying result in three years . "  I 'm very happy about today , " Rossi , 0.325 seconds adrift of Marquez , was quoted as saying by MotoGP 's official website . "  We worked hard with the team this weekend and I like the set up a lot . "  I can really push and have good pace . " Cal Crutchlow starts third on the grid , ahead of Lorenzo and Pedrosa . Pedrosa , nursing a hip injury sustained when he crashed after tangling with Marquez , was fastest in three practice sessions in Sepang before slipping to fifth in qualifying . "  A couple of corners were wet and so it was n't easy for qualifying , " Pedrosa was quoted as saying by MotoGP 's official website . He won last year 's race and likely needs to finish in the points Sunday to keep his miniscule chances of earning a maiden title alive . With four races remaining , Marquez owns a 39-point lead over Lorenzo and is 59 points better than Pedrosa . German Stefan Bradl , sixth in the standings , will miss the race after fracturing his right ankle in the final practice session .	Marc Marquez claims his fourth pole position in a row , finishing fastest in Malaysia It came after the Spanish rookie was docked a point for colliding with Dani Pedrosa Valentino Rossi finished second , the Italian great 's best qualifying result in three years Marquez 's closest rival in the standings , Jorge Lorenzo , starts fourth on the grid
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- A New Orleans police officer who was fired after the 2005 beating of an unarmed man on Bourbon Street was ordered reinstated to his job by an appeals court , the court clerk told CNN on Thursday . Robert Evangelist was acquitted of charges related to the beating in 2007 but lost his job as a police officer . Barring an appeal to the Louisiana Supreme Court , Robert Evangelist can return to his job on the police force , said the clerk with Louisiana 's 4th Circuit Court of Appeals . The ruling was issued Wednesday . The beating of Robert Davis in October 2005 attracted international attention , as it was captured on videotape by The Associated Press and its aftermath was recorded by a CNN photojournalist . The images , broadcast worldwide , added to the woes of the New Orleans Police Department after Hurricane Katrina 's devastation in the city . Evangelist was charged with false imprisonment while armed with a dangerous weapon and second-degree battery in the incident . He was acquitted of the charges in July 2007 . Another officer , Lance Schilling , also was charged with second-degree battery , and he and Evangelist were fired . Schilling committed suicide in June 2007 . Evangelist appealed his termination to the city 's Civil Service Commission , which upheld the firing , according to the New Orleans Times-Picayune . He then appealed to the 4th Circuit Court . A third officer , Stuart Smith , was suspended from the force for 120 days but allowed to keep his job . He initially was charged with simple battery against an Associated Press producer , but the charge was later dropped . Davis , who was 64 at the time , has said he does not remember the incident . He said he asked a mounted police officer about the city 's curfew and then walked away , only to be "  sucker-punched " by another officer shortly afterward . Davis denied allegations he had been drinking at the time , saying he does not drink . He has said he suffers aftereffects from the beating . Davis ' federal lawsuit against the city was settled last month for an undisclosed amount , the Times-Picayune reported Thursday . His attorney , Stephen Bruno , told the newspaper Wednesday he was surprised by the appeals court ruling . "  He is not fit to be a school crossing guard , " Bruno said of Evangelist . "  He does not have the moral character to be police officer , and have the power and the force to have a gun and a Taser . " CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	Appeals court orders reinstatement of officer in videotaped Bourbon Street incident Officer had appealed to city 's Civil Service Commission , which upheld termination Newspaper : Beaten man 's suit against city settled last month for undisclosed sum
CNN  -- A federal bankruptcy judge in Texas has approved a request from the Los Angeles Police Department to turn over audiotapes that may develop new clues about unsolved killings involving followers of notorious murderer Charles Manson . The tapes are about eight hours of recordings between convicted murderer Charles Denton "  Tex " Watson and his attorney from 1969 , Bill Boyd of McKinney , Texas , whose law firm is the debtor in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in the same state , court papers said . Watson was convicted along with three other members of the so-called Manson family in the grisly 1969 murders of five people , including eight-months pregnant movie actress Sharon Tate . According to court documents , Watson waived his attorney-client privilege to the tapes in 1976 , and his attorney received partial payment for his legal fees when he gave a copy of the tapes to Chaplain Raymond G. Hoekstra , who subsequently wrote a book , "  Will You Die for Me : The Man Who Killed for Charles Manson Tells His Own Story . " In March , Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck wrote the U.S. court trustee asking for the original recordings . The judge approved the request on Tuesday . "  The LAPD has information that Mr. Watson discussed additional unsolved murders committed by followers of Charles Manson , " said a letter signed by Beck and Lt. Yana Horvatich , acting commanding officer of the robbery-homicide division . Beck 's letter is dated March 19 , seven days after Watson asked that all legal material relating to his case be turned over to his nephew , Brian Patton , of Rowlett , Texas , according to court papers . "  One last thing : I want to thank you for hunting me down . I 'm so glad these documents did n't get in the wrong hands , " Watson wrote in a March 12 letter to a U.S. court trustee asking that he forward the legal materials to Patton . In November , Watson , 66 , convicted of seven counts of first-degree murder , was denied parole for the 16th time and will be considered again in 2016 , according to the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation . In March , Manson , 77 , who is serving a life sentence for nine murders and who led his family of followers in a murder spree in 1969 , was denied parole for the 12th time and will be up for parole again 15 years from now , when he would be 92 .	A federal bankruptcy judge gives audiotapes to the LAPD in its probe of unsolved murders Tapes were held by attorney of Charles "  Tex " Watson , a follower of Charles Manson The attorney is a debtor in a bankruptcy proceeding Police investigating whether Watson discussed unsolved killings by Manson followers
CNN  -- A movie that offended almost no one , transgressed no historical fact or sociopolitical milieu and inspired every craftsperson in Hollywood to build his or her own giant pussycat  or some rough equivalent  proved to be the biggest surprise of Sunday night 's Academy Awards -- without winning best picture . "  Life of Pi " did win four Oscars , including the best director prize for Ang Lee that probably should have gone to Ben Affleck  his movie , "  Argo , " got the best picture Oscar everyone expected it to get , along with one for best adapted screenplay and one for best editing . And by the way , here 's a flash for you people who think best picture really means best picture . There are , and always have been , two criteria for a movie getting the Academy Awards ' top prize and they have little , if anything , to do with whether it 's really the year 's best movie ... or even a very good movie . Either : 1 . It 's a movie whose success will somehow benefit as many people in the movie industry as possible . Or ... 2 . It 's a movie that somehow reflects Hollywood 's best image of itself . When both these factors are in play , the movie is unstoppable . So it should have been obvious from the beginning that "  Argo " was going to nab that one , even without its pre-Oscar haul of prizes from such trade organizations as the Screen Actors , Producers and Directors guilds . Its issues of historical accuracy aside  and conceded from the start by Affleck and others  , the movie 's a crisp little nail-biter that easily sells itself to the international marketplace , which remains the final frontier for American commercial cinema . That takes care of criterion No. 1 . And as for No 2 -- well , duh ! Movie producers are the heroes who help save the lives of helpless Americans trapped in revolutionary Iran . What 's more flattering to Hollywood 's self-image than that ? Ex-Iran hostages hope ` Argo ' win boosts quest for reparations If not for that , it 's entirely possible that Lee 's adaptation of Yann Martel 's mystical adventure would have picked everyone 's pocket Sunday night . Even Steven Spielberg 's "  Lincoln , " whose focus on how the idealistic-but-pragmatic president battled intransigent legislators over constitutional banishment of slavery , carried enough contemporary resonance to make it an early favorite in the year of Barack Obama 's re-election . But "  Pi 's " bargain-basement metaphysics is like organic fruit salad to the collective Hollywood mindset , irrespective of ideology . And the various trades in movie land from the production designers to the boom operators were likely jazzed by "  Pi 's " technological achievements , notably the digitally enhanced Bengal tiger that even the movie 's harsher critics believed to have stolen the movie from its human actors . The only other  mildly  unexpected incident Sunday night came with Quentin Tarantino 's Oscar for best original screenplay for his cheeky , incendiary antebellum satire , "  Django Unchained . " Most of the flak Tarantino caught for the movie came from African-Americans , who believed he was at best presumptuous and at worst defamatory in playing fast and loose with the history of American slavery . Those who stood up to cheer the most emphatically when presenter Dustin Hoffman announced Tarantino 's name were African-American actors in the film , including Jamie Foxx and Kerry Washington . As usual , we 'll have to wait another 20 years to see which of these movies endures beyond their varied contemporary controversies . Oh and by the by -- Sunday night 's Oscar telecast was as embarrassing as it always is , and not even host Seth MacFarlane 's attempts to cover up the embarrassments by commenting about how embarrassed he was could n't conceal the fact that , yet again , the Motion Picture Academy of Arts and Sciences has failed to make its annual pageant appealing to younger audiences without alienating its older patrons . It would seem the only way to pull that off would be to play things safe while seeming to be rebellious . And Hollywood 's usually pretty good at playing pretend games like that -- except when it 's not . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Gene Seymour : It 's no surprise Hollywood picked "  Argo " for best picture Academy Award He says that 's because its plot has Hollywood saving the day , stoking industry 's self-image He says if not for that , "  Lincoln " or technologically striking "  Life of Pi " might have cleaned up Seymour : He says Oscar ca n't make telecast with youth appeal without alienating older viewers
More than 100,000 people are eager to make themselves at home on another planet . They 've applied for a one-way trip to Mars , hoping to be chosen to spend the rest of their lives on uncharted territory , according to an organization planning the manned missions . The Mars One project wants to colonize the red planet , beginning in 2022 . There are financial and practical questions about this venture that have n't been clarified . Will there be enough money ? Will people really be able to survive on Mars ? But these have n't stopped some 30,000 Americans from signing up . You can see some of the candidates on the project 's website , but they 're not the only ones who have applied , said Bas Lansdorp , Mars One CEO and co-founder . "  There is also a very large number of people who are still working on their profile , so either they have decided not to pay the application fee , or they are still making their video or they 're still filling out the questionnaire or their resume . So the people that you can see online are only the ones that have finished and who have set their profiles as public , " Lansdorp said . The entrepreneur did not specify how many have paid the fees , completed their profiles and configured them as private . The application process Anyone 18 or older may apply , but the fee depends on a user 's nationality . For Americans , it 's $ 38 ; if you 're in Mexico , however , it 's a mere $ 15 . The company said it sets the price based on the gross domestic product per capita of each nation . "  We wanted it to be high enough for people to have to really think about it and low enough for anyone to be able to afford it , " Lansdorp said . For the first crew , the Mars One mission will cost $ 6 billion , Lansdorp said . The idea is for it to be funded by sponsors and media that will pay for broadcasting rights of shows and movies documenting everything from the astronauts ' training on Earth to their deployment and colonization of Mars . Out of the applicants , Mars One said it will select a multicontinental group of 40 astronauts this year . Four of them -- two men and two women -- are set to leave for Mars in September 2022 , landing in April 2023 . A one-way ticket to Mars -- apply now Another multicontinental group of four will be deployed two years later , according to the Mars One plan . None of them will return to Earth . The astronauts will undergo a required eight-year training in a secluded location . According to the project site , they will learn how to repair habitat structures , grow vegetables in confined spaces and address "  both routine and serious medical issues such as dental upkeep , muscle tears and bone fractures . " "  What we want to do is tell the story to the world , " Lansdorp said , "  when humans go to Mars , when they settle on Mars and build a new Earth , a new planet . This is one of the most exciting things that ever happened , and we want to share the story with the entire world . " How will Mars be colonized ? Each lander that Mars One sends will be able to carry about 5,511 pounds of "  useful load " to Mars , he said . After eight missions , more than 44,000 pounds of supplies and people are expected to have arrived . The capsules themselves , whose weight is not included in that number , will become part of the habitat . Food and solar panels will go in the capsules . Earth wo n't be sending much water or oxygen though -- those will be manufactured on Mars , Lansdorp said . Astronauts will filter Martian water from the Martian soil . "  We will evaporate it and condense it back into its liquid state , " he said . "  From the water we can make hydrogen and oxygen , and we will use the oxygen for a breathing atmosphere inside the habitat . This will be prepared by the rovers autonomously before the humans arrive . " It sounds like terraforming , a process in which the conditions of a planet are modified to make it habitable , but Lansdorp said it is n't . "  We will create an atmosphere that looks like the atmosphere on Earth , so you could say that we are terraforming the habitat . But to terraform the entire planet , that 's a project that will take hundreds and hundreds of years , " he added . A dangerous mission In spite of the risks of space travel , the Mars One founder said he is convinced of the viability of the project . However , some space travel experts have said the risks are far too high to carry out these manned missions to Mars , a distance that humans have never traveled . Radiation is a big concern . NASA does not allow their astronauts to expose themselves to radiation levels that could increase their risk of developing cancer by more than 3 % . To maintain the radiation exposure standards that NASA requires , the maximum time an astronaut can spend in space "  is anywhere from about 300 days to about 360 days for the solar minimum activity . For solar maximum , in ranges anywhere from about 275 days to 500 days , " said Eddie Semones , NASA spaceflight radiation officer . A round-trip journey to Mars could expose astronauts to the maximum amount of radiation allowed in a career under current NASA standards , according to a recent study by scientists at the space agency . Mars One is planning a one-way journey , which does n't negate the problem , and being on Mars could expose astronauts to even more radiation , depending on how long they stay and what the shielding conditions are like . Radiation damages cells ' DNA , which can lead to cell death or permanent changes that may result in cancer . However , "  there 's no convincing human evidence for excess abnormalities in offspring of radiation-exposed adults , " Semones said . While orbiting the Earth , astronauts get exposed to greater concentrations of cosmic background radiation than here on Earth in addition to charged particles trapped in the upper atmosphere and from the sun , said Robert J. Reynolds , epidemiologist at the University of Texas Health Science Center . As a spacecraft moves into deep space , the people on board would be exposed to even more cosmic radiation and solar particles , which is "  fairly dangerous , " Reynolds said . Interestingly , according to Reynolds , astronauts ' risk of dying of cancer is lower than that of the general public because they tend to be in shape , eat well , do n't smoke and receive careful monitoring from doctors . Of course , none of them have been to Mars . Semones emphasized that NASA does not study the health effects of Mars colonization and that it 's focusing on shorter recognition missions of the surface of Mars . "  We 're not looking at colonization of Mars or anything . We 're not focusing our research on those kinds of questions . " Can it be done ? Mars One is n't the only group hoping to make history by sending people to the red planet . The Inspiration Mars Foundation wants to launch two people -- a man and a woman -- on a 501-day , round-trip journey to Mars and back in 2018 without ever touching down . 501 days in space with your spouse : Could you handle it ? At this time there is no technology that can protect astronauts from an excess of space radiation . "  The maximum number of days to stay with our standards is on the order of 500 days . So any mission that would exceed 500 days would not be doable , " Semones said . Reynolds agreed : "  At this point it 's completely infeasible to try to send someone to Mars unless we can get there faster or we develop better shielding for a spacecraft . " NASA is working on engines intended to cut the travel time to Mars by the 2030s , but those systems wo n't be ready for many years , Chris Moore , NASA 's deputy director of advanced exploration systems , told CNN this year . In the meantime , Moore said engineers could try to limit travelers ' exposures by designing a spacecraft in such a way that it provides more protection . But Mars One founder Lansdorp insisted his group will get people landing on Mars by 2023 . "  The risks of space travel in general are already very high , so radiation is really not our biggest concern , " he said . If that all sounds good , you can still sign up . But remember : You can never go home again .	Anyone 18 or older may apply for a one-way trip to Mars For first crew , the Mars One mission reportedly will cost $ 6 billion No technology is available now that can protect astronauts from an excess of space radiation
CNN  -- U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey suffered a fainting spell Thursday night , according to Gina Talamona , spokeswoman for the Department of Justice . Michael Mukasey is helped as he begins to collapse during his speech Thursday night . Mukasey , 67 , did not suffer a stroke or experience a heart attack , she said Friday morning . Mukasey collapsed while giving a speech Thursday at the Federalist Society dinner at the Marriott Wardman Park Hotel in Washington . He was giving a spirited defense of the Bush administration 's legal policies when his speech began to slur and he lost track of his thoughts about 30 minutes into his talk . Seconds later , he became rigid and then began to slump . Watch Mukasey 's speech and collapse " Mukasey was rushed to George Washington University Medical Center , said Peter Carr , a Justice Department spokesman . "  The attorney general is conscious , conversant and alert , " Carr said Thursday night . "  His vital statistics are strong and he is in good spirits . President Bush placed a call to Mukasey Friday morning . "  The AG sounded well and is getting excellent care , " presidential spokeswoman Dana Perino said . Mukasey was telling jokes and was ready to go home from the hospital , said a Justice Department official , who was not authorized to speak on the record about Mukasey 's condition . As Mukasey began to collapse , two people grabbed him and laid him on the stage . On a tape of the speech , a voice can be heard saying "  Oh , no oh ! Oh my God ! " He was given medical attention on stage by a woman and three men before he was rushed to the hospital . EMS personnel arrived on the scene less than 15 minutes after his collapse . Watch update on Mukasey 's condition " Before the EMS arrived , one man is heard asking people to please stay in their seats . In the background , a voice is heard saying "  bring his feet up . " While Mukasey was being attended to , the audience remained seated and quiet . Outside the hotel , numerous police cars rushed to the scene . Moments later , a fire truck arrived and then an ambulance . White House deputy press secretary Tony Fratto told CNN that President Bush has been informed of the situation and has Mukasey in his "  thoughts and prayers . " Watch Jeffrey Toobin 's comments on Mukasey " As he approached the podium and during the bulk of his appearance , Mukasey showed no signs of ill health . During his speech , he praised the administration for "  nothing less than a fundamental reorganization of our government " after the 9/11 terrorist attacks and blasted the "  relentless critics of the very policies that have kept us safe . " Early in his speech , Mukasey noted Supreme Court justices were in attendance , and he praised John Roberts and Samuel Alito as "  remarkably accomplished justices . " His speech was punctuated several times by applause from the audience . Mukasey is a retired federal judge appointed to the bench by President Ronald Reagan . Mukasey was nominated to be attorney general by President Bush in September 2007 and was confirmed by the Senate in November 2007 . As a judge , Mukasey ruled that the U.S. government 's detention of "  dirty bomb " suspect Jose Padilla was constitutional , but that he must be allowed to meet with his attorneys . During his attorney general confirmation hearings , Mukasey said he would make legal decisions based "  on facts and law , not by interests and motives . " Mukasey also said he would resign from office if faced with a presidential order he believed was unconstitutional .	NEW : Attorney General did not suffer stroke or heart attack , spokeswoman says Michael Mukasey , 67 , collapsed while making a speech Thursday night Mukasey reported to be "  conversant and alert " in hospital , telling jokes
CNN  -- A little more than a month after taking office , President Obama addresses a joint session of Congress tonight , the 76th time a president has done so . Ronald Reagan was the only president to postpone his speech to Congress . Tonight 's speech by Obama will not technically be a "  State of the Union " address . Since 1977 , new presidents have n't called their first speech before Congress that . When a "  State of the Union " is n't " Check out other tidbits of presidential address/State of the Union history to quench your thirst for political trivia . The 2009 speech • Tonight 's address will be the 220th State of the Union / "  annual message " in the nation 's history . • It will be the 76th time a U.S. president has delivered the address as a speech before Congress . • The last Democratic president to address a Democratic-controlled Congress was Bill Clinton in 1994 . The history • Only U.S. presidents give solo addresses to joint SESSIONS of Congress ; prominent Americans , foreign heads of state and other officials address joint MEETINGS of Congress . • The U.S. Constitution requires the president to brief Congress on the state of the union : "  He -LSB- the president -RSB- shall from time to time give to Congress information of the State of the Union and recommend to their Consideration such measures as he shall judge necessary and expedient . " • The idea for a State of the Union address originated from a British monarchy ritual . The king would give a speech from the throne at the opening session of Parliament . • George Washington delivered the first "  annual message " on January 8 , 1790 , at Federal Hall in New York . • Washington and his successor , John Adams , delivered their annual messages as speeches before Congress . Thomas Jefferson , the third president , discontinued this practice in 1801 , saying the elaborate , formal ceremony  which included a "  president 's throne "  too closely resembled a king addressing his subjects . Instead , Jefferson 's private secretary carried the written message to Capitol Hill , and it was read to the chamber by the clerk of the House . The practice of written annual messages continued for 112 years . • Woodrow Wilson resumed the practice of delivering the "  annual message " as a speech before Congress on December 2 , 1913 . Wilson 's decision was controversial at the time . Almost every president since has delivered the address in person , rather than in writing . • The president 's message was not referred to as a "  State of the Union " until January 6 , 1941  Franklin Roosevelt 's eighth address  . Before that , the "  State of the Union " was generally referred to as the president 's "  annual message . " • Harry Truman delivered the longest State of the Union in 1946 at 25,000 words ; Washington 's 1790 address was the shortest at 833 words . • The only postponement of a State of the Union occurred in 1986 . Ronald Reagan was scheduled to deliver his address on January 28 , 1986 , the same day the space shuttle Challenger exploded . The speech was delayed until February 4 . • The practice of inviting surprise guests to sit in the House Gallery began in 1982 when Reagan recognized Lenny Skutnick , a good Samaritan who pulled a survivor out of the frozen Potomac River in Washington , D.C. , after an Air Florida plane crashed into the 14th Street Bridge . The guests sit in the first lady 's box . The logistics • At least one member of the president 's Cabinet is designated not to attend the speech in person to ensure the presidential line of succession . The choice of which Cabinet member stays away rotates among the departments . This year , Attorney General Eric Holder will not attend . • The State of the Union is delivered in the chamber of the House of Representatives , before members of both the House and the Senate , as well as the justices of the Supreme Court , the Cabinet and international dignitaries . • The president is escorted into the House chamber by members of both the House and the Senate , and his arrival is announced by the sergeant-at-arms of the House . The House speaker then introduces the president . • Seated behind the president during the address are the top members of each chamber of Congress : the president of the Senate  a.k.a. the vice president  and the speaker of the House . If there is no vice president , or if the vice president does not attend , the president pro tempore of the Senate sits in the vice president 's seat . • Members of the Supreme Court usually attend the State of the Union  seated front-row , center  , though they do not play an official role .	Obama 's address will be the 220th State of the Union / "  annual message " The Constitution requires the president to brief Congress "  time to time " One Cabinet member is designated not to attend to ensure the line of succession The speaker of the House always introduces the president
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Eyewitnesses say Gadhafi loyalists killed "  numerous detainees " this week at two military camps in Tripoli , Amnesty International reported on Friday . Escaped detainees from the Khilit al-Ferjan and Qasr Ben Ghashir camps provided testimony to the human rights group . The loyalist forces used grenades and gunfire on scores of prisoners at Khalit al-Ferjan after around 160 detainees fled a metal hangar . "  I was in shock when the grenades exploded , " escaped detainee Akram Mohamed Saleh said . "  There was so much confusion around me , smoke all around , people screaming for help and trying to flee . I saw dozens of bodies , and I was covered with blood and human flesh . " Guards loyal to Gadhafi at Qasr Ben Ghashir shot and killed five detainees captured during the conflict and held in solitary cells . Amnesty said Gadhafi 's "  troops continue their flagrant disregard for human life and international humanitarian law . It is a war crime for any party to a conflict to kill or torture prisoners . " "  Loyalist forces in Libya must immediately stop such killings of captives , and both sides must commit to ensuring no harm comes to prisoners in their custody , " the group said , noting that the killing prisoners in a conflict is a war crimes .	Both locations are in Tripoli Escaped detainees provided testimony Amnesty says killing prisoners is a war crime
CNN  -- The U.S. Navy 's oldest nuclear aircraft carrier has given a piece of itself to one of the younger carriers in the fleet . Huntington Ingalls Newport News Shipbuilding said this week that its workers had transferred an anchor from the USS Enterprise  CVN-65  , the Navy 's first and oldest nuclear carrier , to the USS Abraham Lincoln  CVN-72  , a Nimitz-class carrier launched in 1988 . The Enterprise , which was launched in 1960 , was inactivated in 2012 and is scheduled to be decommissioned in 2016 . Once its nuclear fuel and reactors are removed , it will be cut up for scrap . It has been at the Virginia shipyard for the de-fueling process . The Lincoln is in the same shipyard for what is called a refueling and complex overhaul . "  During this multi-year process , every inch of the carrier is updated or refurbished , including its two massive anchors , " the shipyard said in a statement . When it was found that one of the Lincoln 's 30-ton anchors needed to be replaced , crews turned to the Enterprise , which had an exact match that would have been headed to the scrap heap with the rest of the five-decade-old ship . "  With this anchor , both ships will be linked , and Lincoln will carry Enterprise 's spirit as it returns to the fleet , " Chris Miner , Newport News ' vice president of in-service aircraft carrier programs , said in a statement . That anchor move may assuage some Navy enthusiasts , who have pushed for a new Navy vessel to carry the name Enterprise once the current ship finally leaves the fleet . The carrier now docked in Newport News is the eighth American warship to carry the Enterprise name . The Naval Vessel Register , the service 's official list of ships , shows the Enterprise name assigned to hull number CVN-80 , a proposed aircraft carrier yet to be authorized or funded by Congress . The Lincoln 's overhaul is expected to be complete in 2016 , when the ship is scheduled to head out for sea trials , according to a shipyard statement . Meanwhile , the Enterprise will be towed down the East Coast and all the way around the tip of South America and up the Pacific Coast , with a final destination of Puget Sound , Washington . There its nuclear reactor will be removed and buried at a disposal site on the former Hanford nuclear production complex on the Columbia River .	Aircraft carrier USS Enterprise in shipyard to have nuclear fuel removed USS Abraham Lincoln , in shipyard for overhaul , needed a new anchor 30-ton , five-decade-old anchor from Enterprise is installed on the Lincoln
CNN  Do n't call it "  Monopoly money . " Not in France , anyway . As part of the 80th anniversary of Monopoly 's first appearance in France , Hasbro is issuing a handful of special sets in that country with real euros in place of the colorful paper it usually offers . Of the 80 special sets , 69 will have five 10-euro notes and five 20-euro notes , another 10 will come with five 20-euro , two 50-euro and one 100-euro bills , and one set will have a complete bank drawer of real cash . That 's 20,580 euros -- or about $ 23,650 at current exchange rates -- for whomever buys the lucky box . CNN asked Hasbro whether a similar plan was in the works for the United States -- where the game is also celebrating its 80th anniversary , at least under a corporate parent -- but has yet to hear back . Nevertheless , it 's a game that 's compiled a lot of big numbers  and quite a bit of cash  on its own . Consider these impressive facts courtesy of Hasbro : - More than 275 million sets have been sold worldwide . - Monopoly is available in 111 countries in 43 languages .  Many of those sets substitute local landmarks for the familiar Atlantic City street names . - San Francisco jeweler Sidney Mobell is responsible for the most expensive Monopoly set , a $ 2 million game with a golden board and diamond-studded dice . - The longest game on record lasted for 70 days . That was on terra firma ; Monopoly has also been played underwater and in a treehouse . - There are 32 houses and 12 hotels in a standard Monopoly set . - A Monopoly board has 40 spaces , including 28 properties . Yes , that includes the railroads . - The lowest rent in Monopoly ? Mediterranean Avenue with no houses  assuming its owner does n't also own Baltic Avenue  . It 'll cost you $ 2 to land on it . The most expensive ? Boardwalk with a hotel , worth a cool $ 2,000 . - In 2008 , more than 3,000 people played the game at the same time , a record . And not one of them overturned the board in disgust .	French version of Monopoly has some sets with actual euros Game is celebrating its 80th anniversary this year
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- Investigators have found "  elements of an explosive device " at the site of the derailment of an express train in Russia and believe an act of terror caused the deadly incident . The derailment killed at least 26 people and injured about 100 , but there was no immediate word on who or what group might have been behind the action . "  One can say with certainty that that was indeed an act of terror , " Vladimir Markin , spokesman for the investigative committee of the Russian prosecutor 's office , told CNN . He would not elaborate on exactly what kind of "  elements of an explosive device " the investigators discovered earlier , but said the crater found beneath the railroad bed was "  1.5 meter by 1 meter in size . " Later Saturday morning , a second device went off on nearby tracks going the opposite direction , Vladimir Yakunin , head of Russian Railways , told Russian TV . He said no one was injured in the smaller explosion . Markin said investigators are "  studying the site of the accident , questioning the witnesses and conducting all kinds of forensic and technical examinations . " Federal Security Service Director Alexander Bortnikov said , "  Criminology experts have come to a preliminary conclusion that there was an explosion of an improvised explosive device equivalent to seven kilos of TNT . "  Several leads are being pursued now . A criminal case has been opened under Article 205  "  terrorism "  and Article 22  "  illegal possession or storage of weapons or explosives "  of the Russian Criminal Code . " Russian Interior Minister Rashid Nurgaliyev said on TV that there are possible suspects in this crime . "  There are several people who could be involved in this crime , " he said . One of them , he said , is a "  stocky-built man of about 40 years old , with red hair . " "  There are some traces left at the crime scene which could help in the investigation , " he said . "  We are getting a lot of information now , and I am very thankful for people who have responded to our requests to render their assistance in investigating this crime . " A total of 681 people -- 20 of them employees -- were on the Nevsky Express as it traveled from Moscow to St. Petersburg on Friday night . The Nevsky Express is Russia 's fastest train , equivalent to a bullet train . The crash happened at 9:25 p.m.  1825 GMT  when the train was 280 kilometers  174 miles  from St. Petersburg , Russian state radio said . At least three carriages carrying more than 130 people derailed and turned on their sides , and emergency workers were working to free anyone who may still be trapped inside . Yakunin told Russian TV that the company will pay a compensation of 500,000 rubles  $ 17,240  to the victims ' families and 200,000 rubles  $ 6,897  to those injured . The crash happened 44 minutes after another high-speed train , the Sapsan , had successfully traveled from Moscow to St. Petersburg on the same rails , a representative of the Russian Transport Police said during a video conference call Saturday . In August 2007 , an explosion on the tracks derailed the Nevsky Express , injuring 60 people in what authorities called a terrorist act . About 27,000 passengers on 60 trains were facing delays Saturday as a result of the accident , Russian State TV reported . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report	Investigators probing derailment of train in Russia say they have found "  elements of an explosive device " At least 26 people killed and 100 hurt in derailment between Moscow and St. Petersburg No immediate word on who or what group might have been behind the action
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- Five Florida men convicted of plotting terrorist acts with al Qaeda were sentenced Friday to long prison terms , the Department of Justice announced . Seven suspects were arrested in June 2006 for allegedly conspiring to blow up buildings , including the 110-story Sears Tower , the nation 's tallest building , in Chicago , Illinois ; the FBI 's Miami office and others . Five were convicted in May , their third trial after juries failed to reach a verdict on two previous attempts . The sixth was found not guilty . A seventh was found not guilty earlier . The suspected ringleader , Narseal Batiste , 35 , was sentenced to 13 1/2 years in prison plus 35 years of supervision after his release . He was the only defendant found guilty earlier this year of all four conspiracy charges , including conspiring to incite a rebellion against the United States , supplying materials to a terror organization and terrorists , and conspiring to destroy buildings with explosives . Another defendant , Patrick Abraham , 30 , was sentenced to 9 years , 4-and-a-half months in prison , to be followed by 15 years of supervision . He was convicted of two counts involving supplying materials to terrorists and terror groups , and of conspiring to destroy buildings with explosives . Stanley Grant Phanor , 34 , Burson Augustin , 24 , and Rotschild Augustine , 26 , were convicted of supplying materials to terrorists but acquitted of the other charges . Phanor got eight years , Augustin got six and Augustine seven . All will be supervised for 10 to 15 years after release . The sixth defendant , Naudimer Herrera , 25 , was acquitted on all four counts . The prosecution of the men "  helped make our community safer by rooting out nascent terrorists before they could carry out their threats , " Acting U.S. Attorney Jeffrey H. Sloman of the Southern District of Florida said in a statement announcing the sentences Friday . Lawyers for two of the men said they intended to appeal when the verdict was announced in May . The terror trial in Miami was the third held for the defendants , a group of homeless men initially known as the "  Liberty City 7 , " for the Miami neighborhood where authorities say they operated . In the first trial , a mistrial was declared after nine days of deliberations in December 2007 , although a seventh defendant was acquitted . The jury in the second trial deadlocked in April 2008 after deliberating for 13 days . The first two juries could not determine whether the defendants were seriously plotting with al Qaeda -- as the prosecutors alleged -- or if they were simply struggling young men who were looking to con an FBI informant out of money , as the defense alleged . Authorities have said the men did not have explosives or weapons and that their plans appeared "  more aspirational than operational . " The investigation began after an Arabic speaker contacted authorities and said Batiste approached him about waging "  jihad " in the United States . Investigators then planted among the group an undercover informant , who claimed to be an al Qaeda member who helped plan the attack on the USS Cole in 2000 . A federal raid on the group 's Liberty City warehouse in 2006 revealed a receipt for purchase of a gun , as well as ammunition , marijuana , two credit cards , 10 euros , three machetes , two swords , an ax , uniforms and a flight suit . On a surveillance videotape played during trial , Batiste could be heard saying he was "  very grateful " to Osama bin Laden and "  loved " the al Qaeda leader 's work . He also said he respected bin Laden and wanted to meet him someday . In other excerpts , Batiste told the informant his people needed training , and they discussed going to Chicago because the city has underground trains and tunnels . CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	Trial was the third for defendants , homeless men initially known as "  Liberty City 7 " Seven suspects were arrested in June 2006 ; five were convicted in May Suspected ringleader , Narseal Batiste , 35 , was sentenced to 13 1/2 years
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai bowed to Western pressure Tuesday , agreeing to take part in a presidential runoff vote in two weeks . Hamid Karzai failed to score a first round win in August 's election . Karzai , who will face his main challenger Abdullah Abdullah in the November 7 second round , said he was putting his country 's interests over his own . "  It was not important who the winner is , and we need to leave this to the people of Afghanistan to judge who the winner was , " Karzai said at a news conference through an interpreter . "  Whether I am the winner or not , it 's probably in my interest , but I prefer the national interest of Afghanistan over my personal interests . " Western powers , particularly the United States , had been pushing Karzai to accept the final election results in order to ensure Afghanistan has a legitimate government , particularly as Washington considers beefing up its military presence there . Karzai spoke shortly after Afghanistan 's Independent Election Commission certified the election results , which gave him less than the 50 percent needed to avoid a runoff . The U.N.-backed Electoral Complaints Commission had invalidated nearly a third of Karzai 's votes from the August 20 presidential election because of "  clear and convincing evidence of fraud . " Last month , final uncertified results showed Karzai with 54 percent . "  We welcome the decision made by the Independent Election Commission , we believe the session is legitimate , legal and according to the constitution of Afghanistan , " Karzai said Tuesday . "  It 's going to be a historic period that we all are waiting to go through . " The International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  in Afghanistan said that it would "  support the Afghan National Security Forces ' preparations to ensure a safe runoff election . " Spokesman Col. Wayne Shanks said that ISAF had been preparing for a possible runoff election "  for some time . " "  As in the election 's first round , ISAF will only provide third-layer of security , reinforcing the Afghan National Police and Afghan National Army in line with the security plan signed by the chairman of the Afghan Independent Election Commission along with representatives from the Afghan Ministry of the Interior and Ministry of Defense , and ISAF in 2008 , " Shanks said . Karzai 's decision was immediately hailed by U.S. Sen. John Kerry , one of several Western representatives who appeared alongside the Afghan president at Tuesday 's delayed news conference . Kerry , who is chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said Karzai 's decision to participate in the runoff "  will allow the national leadership to govern with legitimacy . " "  We believe with this decision by the president today that a time of enormous uncertainty has been transformed into a great opportunity , " Kerry said . Watch President Karzai and Sen. John Kerry discuss runoff elections " Minutes after the news conference concluded , U.S. President Barack Obama issued a statement praising Karzai for accepting the election results and agreeing to a second round of voting . "  While this election could have remained unresolved to the detriment of the country , President Karzai 's constructive actions established an important precedent for Afghanistan 's new democracy , " Obama said . Obama is considering sending more troops to Afghanistan , and Kerry has said the results of the country 's election should be settled before the United States makes any decision on troop levels . Watch Nic Robertson discuss pressure President Karzai is under " Abdullah told CNN on Monday he was prepared to participate in a runoff , but said "  the door is open " to other alternatives . "  There are some practical questions ahead , " Abdullah told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , citing winter , the security situation "  and other realities on the ground . " If the election were not held by early November , winter weather would make voting impossible in some areas and force a delay until spring of 2010 , according to Afghanistan 's ambassador to the United States , Said Jawad . Such a delay , he warned , would be a "  recipe for disaster " that would create confusion in Afghanistan and heighten tension between the United States and Karzai 's government .	Afghan runoff election scheduled for November 7 , officials say Runoff follows probe into election fraud that invalidated thousands of votes Runoff with pit Karzai against his former foreign minister Abdullah Abdullah
Mental Floss  -- If you believe the talking heads , it sounds like the worst of the worst is over for the "  Great Recession . " Joseph Kennedy , Sr. , left , and son John F. Kennedy in 1938 . Whether or not that 's true , it does n't mean that everyone is suffering or has suffered . Even during our country 's worst economic downturn , some folks still knew how to make a buck -- many bucks , in fact . 1 . Babe Ruth The Sultan of Swat was never shy about conspicuous consumption . While baseball players ' salaries were nowhere near as high in the '30s as they are today  adjusted for inflation  , Ruth was at the top of the heap . While possibly apocryphal , when Ruth found out that his $ 80,000  more than $ 1 million today  a year salary was $ 5,000 more than that of President Hoover , he is reported to have said , "  Well , I had a better year than he did . " 2 . John Dillinger While not using methods we 'd endorse , John Dillinger and his compatriots managed to compile more than $ 3 million in today 's dollars . Robbing dozens of banks and killing police officers in the process , Dillinger is not exactly what we 'd call "  successful , " but the brash , charming , and audacious Dillinger became just the type of anti-hero that the bedraggled , unemployed masses loved . He was shot to death in Chicago by FBI agents in 1934 . 3 . Michael J. Cullen A man unfamiliar to most , yet whose modern ideas revolutionized American life , Cullen changed our retail landscape by creating the modern supermarket . A former executive at Kroger Grocery & Bakery Co. , Cullen struck out on his own in 1930 after higher-ups rejected his ideas for more suburban , larger , self-serve food markets with room for automobile parking and allowances for new-fangled home refrigeration . Within two years , Cullen 's stores  known as King Kullen Grocery  were doing more than $ 6 million in revenue  more than $ 75 million today  . His motto : "  Pile it high : sell it cheap . " Mental Floss : How the Depression gave rise to soap operas 4 . James Cagney The diminutive song-and-dance man turned tough guy turned song-and-dance man rose like a rocket through Hollywood in the 1930s . He went from a $ 500-a-week contract player in 1930 to one of the top ten moneymakers in Hollywood during 1935 . In 1933 he was making the equivalent of $ 40,000 a week . His rise was so fast that he offered to do a few movies for free just to get out of a five-year contract with Warner Brothers . 5 . Charles Darrow Finding himself out of work after the crash of ' 29 , Darrow spent a few years perfecting -- though some would say pilfering -- a little parlor game that eventually came to be known as Monopoly . Within a year of registering the patent , Parker Brothers was selling 20,000 units a year , and Darrow became the world 's first millionaire game designer . 6 . J. Paul Getty An amazing beneficiary of good timing and great business acumen , Getty created an oil empire out an inheritance of $ 500,000 received in 1930 . With oil stocks massively depressed , he snatched them up at bargain prices and created an oil conglomerate to rival Rockefeller . Throughout the 20th century he became a billionaire many times over . Mental Floss : The kidnapping of Getty 's grandson 7 . Glenn Miller The King of Swing may have been Benny Goodman , but the King of Pop in the 1930s was Glenn Miller . From his humble beginnings as a traveling trombone player -- and superb high school football player being named "  best left end in Colorado " -- Miller rose to put together his first band in 1937 . The band fell apart . Undaunted as any good left end would be , he reorganized a new group in 1938 and quickly found success . With hits like "  In the Mood , " "  String Of Pearls , " and "  Moonlight Serenade , " Miller and his band found themselves on radio , in the movies and commanding a salary of nearly $ 20,000 a week . In 1942 , just at the height of his popularity , Miller disbanded his group and volunteered for the U.S. Army , where he formed a military band to help build morale during the war . He was lost during a flight over the channel from England to France in 1944 . The plane was never found . 8 . Howard Hughes Sure , all we remember of Hughes is the insanely long fingernails , Kleenex box hats , and storing his own urine in mayonnaise jars , but there was a whole crazy stellar career before that . After the '29 crash , seemingly unfazed , he made "  Hell 's Angels " -- then the most expensive movie ever -- at a cost of $ 3.8 million . In 1932 , at the height of the nation 's economic woes , he formed the Hughes Aircraft Company . He built the company into a major-league defense supplier and by the time he died in 1976 , his fortune totaled a reported $ 2.5 billion . Maybe there 's something to that whole urine saving thing . 9 . Gene Autry The Great Depression was Gene Autry 's golden era . Rising from a local radio yodeler  nearly every station had their own yodeler back then  to a hit machine throughout the decade , Autry appeared in over 40 movies , becoming the top western draw at the box office . The singing cowboy , not content to be just a yodeler , albeit a very successful one , later created a TV and radio broadcasting empire in the Western United States and bought the California Angels . Mental Floss : 7 ridiculous products licensed by MLB 10 . Joe Kennedy Joe Kennedy , Sr. , patriarch of the Camelot clan , built up a tidy sum in the 1920s with a hearty amount of speculation , peppered with insider trading and market manipulation . Unlike many other of his ilk who helped to create the unstable markets that brought about the financial calamities of the '30s however , Kennedy knew when to get out . Out of the stock market , Old Joe invested his money in real estate , liquor , and movie studios , generating gaudy profits and cementing his family 's place in the highest financial echelon of American society . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Bank robber Dillinger managed to compile more than $ 3 million in '09 dollars After the '29 Wall Street crash Howard Hughes used movie profits to start a company Joseph Kennedy , Sr. invested in real estate , liquor , and movie studios Band leader Glenn Miller made a salary of nearly $ 20k a week
CNN  -- Yosemite National Park has closed its famous Half Dome as a 4,532-acre wildfire burned nearly uncontrollably Wednesday , officials said . The park in California remains open to the public , who may be able to see heavy smoke in the morning , which clears by afternoon , said Scott Gediman , a National Park Service spokesman at Yosemite . The fire grew from 700 acres on Monday . "  Except for some smoke , it 's really not affecting people 's visits , " Gediman said . "  Hiking trails are still open , camp grounds are full , and it 's still a great time to visit Yosemite . " Several hiking trails remained closed , and the park service was n't issuing its usual 300 permits a day to hikers seeking to climb Half Dome , Gediman said . Officials are working to reopen Half Dome in "  a couple of days , " he said . The so-called Meadow Fire began July 19 because of "  hot shot fires " caused by lighting , Gediman said . As of Wednesday , firefighters contained only 10 % of the fire , he said . Sharlene Simonson , 24 , a photography student at the City College in San Francisco , was on top of Sentinel Dome with her family on Saturday , and they saw a small line of smoke wafting near Half Dome , she said Wednesday . They then witnessed the fire engulf Half Dome on Sunday , she said . "  Seeing the plume of smoke the next day completely overpower the glory of Half Dome put us in complete awe at its extending reach , " said Simonson , who posted photos of the fire on her CNN iReport page . The park service hopes to have the peak reopened in the next couple of days , Gediman said . On Sunday , the rapid spread of the fire caused nearly 100 hikers and backpackers to be evacuated from the park , and an additional 85 hikers and climbers were evacuated by helicopter from the summit of Half Dome , the park service said . Gediman wants park-goers and prospective campers to know that Yosemite remains open and that most of the areas that people come to visit are still functioning . "  I feel confident the fire activity is diminishing , " he said . The fire is within Little Yosemite Valley between Half Dome and Mount Starr King on both sides of the Merced River , the park service said . What to know about wildfires	The rest of Yosemite National Park remains opens to campers and visitors Officials hope to reopen Half Dome in a couple of days "  It 's still a great time to visit Yosemite , " spokesman says "  Seeing the plume of smoke ... put us in complete awe , " visitor says
FLORENCE , Italy  CNN  -- Never one to follow the crowd , fashion designer Roberto Cavalli 's clothes are bright , sexy and fearless . His innovative techniques , especially with leather and silk , and his love of adornment -- embroidery , applique , patchwork and diamante -- have made him the A-list 's red-carpet darling . Designer Roberto Cavalli in Florence My City , My Life spoke to Cavalli about his fashion creations , his inspiration and his city of Florence . CNN : What do you feel passionate about ? Roberto Cavalli : I 'm passionate to be a fashion designer , because fashion is part of our life . When you wake up in the morning you say , "  What do I have to wear to look beautiful , fantastic , sexy , special ? " Fashion is our mind . That is the reason I love being a fashion designer because I can use it to measure your mood , your life . I love being a fashion designer . CNN : What 's so special about Florence ? Roberto Cavalli : Florence is such a special city . I travel a lot , today I am here , tomorrow maybe in London or Paris or New York . New York is a city where I feel more excited , sometimes I say New York is like a drug it gives you so much energy , but afterwards I need Florence , I live to come back here . I need to continue to breathe art , the air that is in Florence , to walk in my city , to walk in my streets . It 's so charming -- Pitti Palace , the Ponte Vecchio , Michelangelo 's David . That is Florence . I love it . CNN : How has the city inspired you ? Roberto Cavalli : Florence has helped me to judge what is beautiful , what is less beautiful , gave me the feeling of art . Florence and art is something that is part of my life and is part of myself . CNN : What do you love most about the city ? Roberto Cavalli : What I love most about my city is the architecture , the buildings . Every time I discover something new and something different . The color of the stones , for example : I say , "  Oh my God , that stone is 700 years old ; 700 years ago America does n't exist . " It 's something so special . CNN : Do you think that the architecture , the surroundings , inspire you ? Roberto Cavalli : Sure , because to live in Florence means to breathe art and my collection , my fashion , why it 's so unusual , so colorful . My dream , maybe because of my family of course , was to be a painter . I chose in one moment the direction of textiles ; from textiles I went to fashion ; but for me , I make one fashion show , it is like making one art exhibition . I would like the people that buy my clothes to understand that for me it 's one small piece of art . CNN : Have you seen Florence change since you were young ? Roberto Cavalli : Everything has changed , all over the world . I believe Florence has changed less than many other cities because we are more conservative , we try to keep everything that is fantastic , everything that is unbelievable , in Florence . In the next 1000 years we need to take care about the beauty and the fantastic things that are in Florence . CNN : What are your favorite colors ? Roberto Cavalli : It depends on my mood . Sometimes it depends on where I am , sometimes I adore and love red , sometimes the yellow when I am in the country because the yellow that is with the green and around me I say , "  Fantastico ! " I love the turquoise when I am in my boat and around me you have the light blue , the dark blue , and I say , "  My God , I love this special turquoise combination . " I love the combination of colors . Color is my life . CNN : Where do you go to relax ? Roberto Cavalli : Florence for me is my relaxing place . Also there is my factory , I have all my workers , some workers for 25 , 40 years -- they love me , I love them -- but this is my relaxing place . My office , my first factory , my house -- the greenness of my house , my animals . I love my animals , they are all my babies . I love being here , being outside to read , I have music all over here . The winter , Florence is a city where we do n't see the snow so much . I love to appreciate the changing of colors , the brown to red of the autumn , I love the beginning of the spring , I love to see the small flowers in the cherry trees and I can see day-by-day the difference . I like to appreciate how nature is born again . See Cavalli 's Tuscan farmhouse CNN : Where else do you like to go ? Roberto Cavalli : I am a helicopter pilot . Something that gives me pleasure sometimes is taking my helicopter to go high , 2000 meter , 6000 feet , to go there and feel like a bird . In this moment I feel free . I feel in this world and life we 've lost our freedom , maybe because we are too confused about the politics , maybe confused about the television that washes your brain . I love to be there flying . To feel that in the moment I move my clutch I feel like I move my wings . CNN : Is there anything about Florence that you would like to change ? Roberto Cavalli : No , no , no absolutely nothing has to be changed in Florence . Florence is beautiful like it is . CNN : Where do you think your self-belief comes from ? Roberto Cavalli : If you want to be successful , you have to believe in yourself . When you are not sure , you show weakness . To be strong you have to show your power , not your muscle power but the brainpower , the character of your heart . If you shoot people with the energy of your mind you become something special . CNN : You 're famous for having collections that celebrate women . What kind of woman do you design for ? Roberto Cavalli : I do n't like to speak sometimes about beauty . I love to speak about feminism : I love to speak about a woman with a lot of personality . That is my woman . A woman that loves to show you how intelligent she is . I love women . Maybe I am the only man in the world who says the woman is stronger than the man , the woman has more personality in the world than the man , because the woman is my muse . I do n't have one muse . All the women are my muse . CNN : Do you think you are a typical Florentine ? Roberto Cavalli : Yes , I think I am a typical Florentine . CNN : Why ? Roberto Cavalli : Because I 'm a crazy artist !	Fashion designer Roberto Cavalli speaks about his hometown , Florence The Italian city is famous for its Renaissance works of art Cavalli cites Florence as an inspiration for his colorful clothes He says he feels most free when flying his helicopter above the city
New York St. Patrick 's Day parade organizers Wednesday said they will allow the first ever LGBT group to march in 2015 with an identifying banner -- ending a longstanding ban that drew national criticism and corporate boycotts . The group being allowed to march was the only LGBT affiliated group to apply , said William O'Reilly , a spokesman for parade organizers . He said other LGBT groups can apply to march in 2016 . The New York parade is the nation 's oldest . O'Reilly said LGBT community members have always been encouraged to march under the traditional apolitical banners of other marching groups . New York City 's St. Patrick 's Day parade , which has been held for more than 250 years , historically banned LGBT groups from marching under their own banner . That 's changing . Last March , Mayor Bill de Blasio declined to march in the Manhattan parade , and Mayor Martin Walsh sat out the event in Boston , where a similar ban remains in place . Three of the country 's biggest beer companies also withdrew their sponsorships because gay and lesbians were excluded . Sam Adams , owned by Boston Beer Co. , pulled out as a sponsor for the Boston parade , and Guinness and Heineken pulled out from the New York parade . "  This is progress , " de Blasio told reporters , adding that he needed more information before deciding whether to march next year . "  What I 've called for for a long time is an inclusive parade . This is a city of inclusion . " Gay rights advocates also applauded the change . "  It 's about time , " Sarah Kate Ellis , president of GLAAD , said in a statement . "  Discrimination has no place on America 's streets , least of all on Fifth Avenue . As an Irish-Catholic American , I look forward to a fully inclusive St. Patrick 's Day Parade that I can share with my wife and children , just as my own parents shared with me . Until then , parade organizers must be held accountable to ending this ban once and for all . " In an interview , Ellis said de Blasio 's refusal to march and the loss of corporate sponsors were the "  straws that broke the camel 's back . " "  I 'm cautiously optimistic that this is definitely an important and historic step in the right direction but I will be watching to see how this unfolds over the next year , " she said . The gay group marching in New York this year is Out@NBCUniversal, a resource group of LGBT employees at NBCUniversal , according to O'Reilly . "  WNBC-TV has long been the broadcast partner of the Parade , so there was a relationship already established , " O'Reilly said via email . In Boston , no change in policy has been announced but longtime gay activist Cathy Renna said she hoped the New York decision will "  make folks in Boston rethink their position . " "  They really need to get with the times , " Renna said . But Boston parade organizer Philip Wuschke . Jr. told CNN that no change was planned . "  Many gay people march in Boston 's St. Patrick 's Day Parade , " he said . Obama bars federal contractors from LGBT discrimination MLB names ` ambassador of inclusion '	New York St. Patrick 's Day parade organizers said that they will allow first ever LGBT group to march in 2015 The change ends longstanding ban that drew national criticism and corporate boycotts Last March , Mayor Bill de Blasio declined to march , and Guinness and Heineken pulled out as sponsors GLAAD president : "  I 'm cautiously optimistic that this is definitely an important and historic step ... "
CNN  -- A University of Wisconsin senior official resigned after making unwanted sexual advances to a male student employee of the school 's athletic department , according to a report released this week . John Chadima resigned his post as senior associate athletic director at UW-Madison earlier in January after the allegations surfaced . The allegations were investigated by an independent panel and the report was released Tuesday night . The report alleges that Chadima made the advance in late December at a Rose Bowl party that he was throwing at a hotel in Los Angeles . There was beer and mixed drinks at that party and about 25 to 30 people attended , including employees that were under the age of 21 , the report said . As the party was ending , Chadima asked one student to stay behind and have a drink with him . The two each had three rum drinks . The report called the student , who is over the age of 21 , John Doe . "  Chadima told John Doe that he thought that Doe might be gay , " the report says . "  Chadima reached over and removed Doe 's pants belt and then inserted his hand inside Doe 's pants on his genitals . " The student slapped Chadima 's hand away and swore at him , the report says . "  What are you going to do about it ? I could have you fired , " Chadima said according to the report . As the student rushed from the room , Chadima said he had been joking . The student told his immediate supervisor , along with other student employees and the police were alerted . Chadima declined to be interviewed for the investigation but did release a statement that was released with the report . "  I make no excuses and accept full responsibility for my actions , " the statement said . "  I deeply regret leaving under these circumstances and disappointing those people with , and for whom I have worked and dedicated my career for the past 22 years . "	John Chadima resigned after the allegations surfaced Chadima was the senior associate athletic director at the University of Wisconsin After the sexual advance , Chadima threatened to have the student fired , the report says "  I make no excuses and accept full responsibility , " Chadima said in a written statement
CNN  -- One of the Internet 's great promises is that it 's the ultimate democratizer . It 's open to everyone and allows all people to communicate . Facebook and Google have added new translation tools , but they take different approaches . But , so far , there have been several hitches in that plan . Not everyone has access to a computer and a broadband connection . Some governments still censor the Internet . And of course , we do n't all speak the same language . For the World Wide Web to be truly global , should n't Chinese speakers be able to chat online with people who only speak Spanish ? And why should an English speaker be barred from reading blogs written in Malagasy or Zulu ? Facebook Inc. and Google Inc. are two Web companies trying particularly hard to make this happen , and they 've released a number of updates to their translation services in recent weeks . The two online giants are going about the process in different ways . Facebook aims to translate the Web using an army of volunteers and some hired professional translators . Meanwhile , Google plans to let computers do most of the work . Which method will ultimately prevail remains to be seen . But for now , here 's a look at the latest language features from both companies , and some background on how their translation services work .  Feel free to add your own Internet translation tips -- and fun translation bloopers -- in the comments section at the bottom of the story  : Facebook 's human translation Many tech bloggers think Facebook 's method of human translation seems promising . After all , the American-born social networking site introduced non-English languages for the first time only in January 2008 . Now about 70 percent of Facebook 's 300 million users are outside of the United States . How it works : Real people are at the heart of Facebook translation plan . They suggest translated phrases and vote on translations that others have submitted . These crowd-sourced edits -- which work kind of like Wikipedia -- make Facebook 's translation service smarter over time . Go to Facebook 's translation page to check it out or to participate . Size : More than 65 languages function on Facebook now , according to Facebook 's statistics . At least another 30 languages are in the works , meaning Facebook needs help working out the kinks on those languages before they 're put to use . What 's new ? Facebook announced in a blog post on September 30 that the social network has made its crowd-sourced translation technology available to other sites on the Web . The update allows sites to install a translation gadget on their sites through Facebook Connect , a service that lets Facebook users sign in on other Web pages . Facebook also added some new languages , including Latin and "  Pirate , " which translates the Facebooky word "  share " as "  blabber t ` yer mates ! " Pros and cons : People are good at knowing idioms and slang , so Facebook tends to get these right , but there are limited numbers of multi-lingual volunteers who want to spend time helping Facebook translate things . Also , Facebook 's site is available in many languages , but its human translators do n't touch wall posts , photo comments and other user-submitted items , which is a big con if you want to have friends who do n't share a common language with you . People who use Facebook Connect to translate their sites can choose which text they want users to help translate , according to Facebook spokeswoman Malorie Lucich . Craig Ulliott , founder of whereivebeen.com , said he 's excited about Facebook 's translation application , but it would be too much to ask his site 's users to translate user-submitted material . Google 's ` mechanical ' translation Google uses mathematical equations to try to translate the Web 's content . This fits in line with the company 's mission , which is to organize the world 's information and make it useful and accessible to all . How it works : Google 's computers learn how to be translators by examining text that 's already on the Web , and from professional Web translations posted online , said Franz Och , a principal scientist at Google . The more text is out there , the more Google learns and the better its translations become . The search-engine company currently translates documents , search results and full Web pages . Size : Google claims to be the largest free language translation service online . It covers 51 languages and more than 2,500 language pairs . The site 's interface has been translated , with the help of Google users , into 130 languages . What 's new ? : Google recently created a widget that any Web developer can put on his or her page to offer up Google translations . So , say you 're a blogger who writes about music . You might get some Brazilian readers if you offered up a button to translate your site into Portuguese . Google also recently unveiled a translation service for Google Docs , which lets anyone upload a document to the Web and have it translated into a number of languages for free . And there 's a new Firefox add-on from Google to help people translate the Web more quickly . Och said real-time translation of Internet chats is on the horizon , as are more languages and increased quality as Google 's computers get smarter . Pros and cons : Google 's computerized approach means it can translate tons of content -- and fast . But computers are n't quite up to speed with ever-evolving modern speech , so reports of translation errors are fairly common . On the plus side , the service has been vastly improved in the last five years , Och said . Also , Google lets people spot translation errors , suggest new wordings and translate its interface into languages Google 's computers do n't speak just yet .	Facebook and Google are finding new ways to translate the Web Facebook favors human translation ; Google leans on its computers Google claims to be the largest translation service online , with 51 languages Facebook announces a new service to let Internet users help translate sites
RIO DE JANEIRO , Brazil  CNN  -- The death toll from historic floods in southern Brazil continued to creep upward Monday , with 112 reported dead , the state news agency said . People make their way through floodwaters in the Brazilian state of Santa Catarina last week . Officials say 19 people remain missing and nearly 79,000 residents have been left homeless , according to the state-run Agencia Brasil . Many of the deaths have been caused by mudslides . The city of Ilhota in the hard-hit state of Santa Catarina has recorded 37 fatalities , the most of any municipality , Agencia Brasil said . In the city of Maximus in Luis Alves state , eight rescuers were injured over the weekend , one of them gravely , the news agency said . Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva said Monday that Santa Catarina will be rebuilt and become just as strong as it was . "  We can not lose hope , " Lula said . "  We must be convinced that people will reconstruct the state of Santa Catarina . There is a national solidarity never seen before in the history of the country . " Lula flew over some of the flooded areas last week and proclaimed the disaster one of the worst in the country 's history . "  I 've never seen anything like this , " Lula said Thursday . He said last week he was releasing 1.97 billion Reals  US$ 854 million  in aid to the affected areas , especially Santa Catarina . Officials have distributed 880 tons of food , nearly 1 million liters of water and 60 tons of clothing , toys and cleaning and personal hygiene material , Agencia Brasil said Monday . Authorities also were warning residents in flooded areas to be careful with food and water they consume . Food that has been under water or moist should not be eaten unless it 's in a sealed plastic bag or a can , they said . The health secretary for Santa Catarina also said residents who drink contaminated water run the risk of getting hepatitis A and diarrhea . The disaster also is having an economic effect , with bridges , roads , houses and buildings destroyed . The federation of industries said the closed port in Itajai is costing $ 33 million a day . The port is the major terminal for frozen goods in Brazil and second in the transport of containers , Agencia Brasil said . Port Superintendent Arnaldo Schmitt said last week part of the terminal could be back in operation in two weeks .	NEW : Authorities warn about health risks of flood-contaminated water , food Floods in southern Brazil blamed for 112 deaths , state news agency says 79,000 people homeless , 19 missing ; landslides caused much of the damage Brazilian president releases almost $ 1 billion in aid to affected areas
CNN  The names of some Nazi concentration camps live in infamy : Bergen-Belsen , where Anne Frank died . Dachau , the first camp . Auschwitz , where more than 1 million Jews , Roma  Gypsies  , Poles , Soviet prisoners of war and others were killed . But as horrific as they were , they were only three camp complexes in a system of more than 850 ghettos , concentration camps , forced-labor camps and extermination camps that the Nazis established during the 12 years Adolf Hitler was in power . By the end of World War II in 1945 , the death camp system stretched from France and the Netherlands in the west to Estonia , Lithuania and Poland in the east . There were 20 main concentration camps , many of which had many subcamps , according to Geoffrey Megargee , the editor of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum 's Encyclopedia of Camps and Ghettos . Many of them combined the most dehumanizing and degrading characteristics of prison and slave labor camps . In some , Nazi doctors carried out depraved experiments , while others were primarily transit camps -- places to hold Jews and other "  undesirables " until they were sent to other camps . There were also four main extermination camps -- Belzec , Chelmno , Sobibor and Treblinka -- devoted solely to killing everyone who passed through their gates . Treblinka nearly rivaled Auschwitz in the sheer number of people who were murdered there . Between 870,000 and 925,000 people were killed at Treblinka in Poland , 170,000 died at Sobibor , at least 152,000 were murdered at Chelmno , and about 434,500 Jews were killed at Belzec . In all , about 6 million Jews and millions of others died in the Holocaust . But the exact numbers of dead will probably never be known , nor will the total number of people held prisoner in Nazi camps . The Nazis were famously good record keepers , but they managed to destroy the records of some camps before the Allies liberated them . The infamous Lublin-Majdanek camp , which -- like Auschwitz -- had elements of both concentration camp and extermination camp , was one where records were destroyed . About 80,000 to 110,000 people died in the main camp , but it 's impossible to know how many prisoners it held in its time . Bergen-Belsen was another camp whose overlords erased as much history as they could . Historians may never determine how many prisoners the camp held in its time , but it 's clear that about 50,000 people perished there , including Anne Frank , who died of disease mere weeks before the camp was liberated .	Auschwitz , the most infamous Nazi camp , was just one of more than 850 camps There were 20 main concentration camps , plus another four extermination camp complexes Six million Jews and millions of others were murdered in the Nazi camp system
Bangladesh postponed the hanging of an Islamist leader shortly before his execution was to take place Tuesday , his attorney told CNN . Abdul Quader Mollah is now scheduled to be hanged Wednesday . His defense lawyers , meanwhile , are filing a petition for his sentence to be reviewed . It was not immediately known why the government decided to postpone the execution . The decision came a day after the United Nations called for the hanging to be halted . On Tuesday , U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay joined the calls for a stay of execution . Mollah was sentenced in September for alleged "  crimes against humanity " dating back to 1971 , during the country 's war for independence . The ruling against him set off rioting in the streets and sparked a strike across the country . Mollah was the assistant secretary general for the now-banned Jamaat-e-Islami party . In February , he was convicted of war crimes by an international panel set up by the government to bring to justice those accused of atrocities . He was originally sentenced to life in prison . Bangladesh 's supreme court then sentenced him to death . In the country 's legal system , that can not be appealed . Two U.N. human rights experts called on Bangladesh on Monday to halt the execution because of concerns that Mollah did not receive a fair trial . "  The right of appeal is of particular importance in death penalty cases , " said Gabriela Knaul , U.N. special rapporteur on the independence of judges and lawyers . "  Anyone convicted of a crime has the right to have his or her conviction and sentence reviewed by a higher tribunal , as laid down in the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights to which Bangladesh is a party , " she said in a prepared statement . "  This provision is violated where a court of final instance imposes a harsher sentence that can not be reviewed . " Christof Heyns , U.N. special rapporteur on summary executions , said capital punishment "  may be imposed only following a trial that complied with fair trial and due process safeguards . ... Only full respect for stringent due process guarantees distinguishes capital punishment as possibly permitted under international law from a summary execution , which by definition violates human rights standards . " In a statement Tuesday , Pillay called for a stay , saying the trial had not met stringent international standards for the death penalty , the U.N. said in a statement . The United Nations opposes the death penalty in any circumstance . 152 soldiers sentenced to die for mutiny in Bangladesh	U.N. human rights chief calls for a stay of execution The execution of Abdul Quader Mollah has been put off until Wednesday He is accused of war crimes dating back to 1971 The U.N. says the trial may not have been fair and an appeal process is needed
CNN  -- The Justice Department has declined to reopen an investigation into the 1970 shootings at Kent State University that left four student protesters dead , after the agency found that enhanced audio recordings of the incident were inconclusive as to whether an order to fire was given . The students had been protesting the Vietnam War and the U.S. invasion of Cambodia when Ohio National Guard members opened fire . Nine others were wounded in the incident . The digitally enhanced 29-minute audio clip , originally recorded on a reel-to-reel machine on May 4 , 1970 , from the window of a university dorm , captured the sounds of the shootings , according to the Justice Department . The agency 's decision came last week in response to a letter from former student Alan Canfora , 63 , who was shot in the wrist during the incident and submitted the evidence to authorities in 2010 . He says the digital version was dubbed from the original copy and contained proof of an order to fire , followed by 13 seconds of gunfire . CNN has listened to the recording and can not confirm that account . But Canfora says an independent analysis by an audio professional on the same recording verifies a clear command to fire before the deadly gunshots . Eight Guardsmen were charged in 1974 for their alleged roles in the shooting but were acquitted because a judge ruled that the government could not prove its case . "  It 's always been the central mystery , " Canfora said . "  Was there or was there not an order to fire ? " A federal investigation found the audio quality to be poor and "  shouting to be unintelligible , " according to a letter from Assistant U.S. Attorney General Thomas Perez of the Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division . The letter says "  no military-like voice commands to fire or otherwise were heard , " adding that a statute of limitations bars prosecutors from reopening the case . Canfora argued that he never wanted the case retried but is seeking a "  grand pronouncement of truth for the sake of the historical record . " "  Were looking for truth and healing , " he added . "  When you have a lingering injustice , there 's no real feeling of closure . " Canfora said victims of the shooting plan to announce May 3 , the day before the 42nd anniversary , a plan to move the case to an international court .	The 1970 shootings left four student protesters dead ; nine others were wounded A former student says audio recordings provide evidence of an order to fire The Justice Department found the recording inconclusive
St. John , U.S. Virgin Islands  CNN  Government officials are trying to track down vacationers who stayed at villas in the Virgin Islands who may have been exposed to a deadly pesticide . Local officials said methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S. Virgin Islands , in different parts of the island ; even the governor said his condominium complex was fumigated with it in 2013 , without his knowledge . Investigators are still trying to piece together exactly what happened at the Sirenusa resort , where a Delaware family 's vacation in paradise turned into a nightmare . Theresa Devine and Steve Esmond and their two children fell gravely ill and suffered seizures ; two brothers , ages 14 and 16 , remain in comas . But this was likely not an isolated incident . Local authorities here tell CNN there is evidence methyl bromide was used at least twice at the gated Sirenusa resort on St. John by the pest control company Terminix . They also say Terminix used the pesticide across the islands on different occasions . Dawn Henry , the commissioner designee of the local Department of Planning and Natural Resources , or DPNR , said that while investigating what happened , the agency found methyl bromide was likely also used last fall at the same Sirenusa resort , as well as in a vacation villa in St. Croix and in two nontourist locations . Methyl bromide is banned from indoor use , and is only approved as an agricultural pesticide . Other pest control companies on the Virgin Islands were found in possession of methyl bromide and officials said they are checking records to see whether it was used improperly . Ken Mapp , the governor of the Virgin Islands , said it was . "  What these companies did or appear to have been doing is clearly a violation of the law and they 'll be held accountable for it , " Mapp said . He said he learned his own complex was fumigated with methyl bromide in 2013 , but said there have been no additional reports of people falling ill . Authorities are trying to track down anyone who has stayed at the affected villas or who might have been exposed . Family slowly recovering from illness after Virgin Islands trip Terminix issued a statement saying it is "  committed to performing all work ... in a manner that is safe for our customers , employees , the public and the environment " and is "  looking into this matter internally , and cooperating with authorities . " When CNN visited the Terminix office on St. Thomas , which is corporate-owned , an employee refused to comment , and another employee closed the door . Henry said all canisters of methyl bromide known to exist in the area have been confiscated and will be shipped off-island for destruction as soon as possible . In the meantime , an attorney for Esmond and Devine said the family is still struggling . The two teenage boys remain in comas . Their father has regained consciousness and is slowly getting better . Devine is in better condition and is undergoing occupational therapy . DPNR , the local environmental agency , already had been under scrutiny . The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , which has oversight , designated it "  high risk , " saying the agency "  does not meet management standards . " The EPA 's inspector general is also investigating . According to the Department of Justice , a former commissioner and two DPNR directors have been sentenced to jail terms since 2008 . That year , Dean C. Plaskett was sentenced to nine years for receiving kickbacks in awarding local government contracts . In 2014 , Roberto Tapia , the Justice Department said , pleaded guilty to using his position to engage in illegal drug trafficking while he was head of that same agency . He was sentenced to 70 months in federal prison . In January , Mapp was sworn in and appointed Henry as a new designee to run the department , so it is under a new administration . A spokeswoman for the EPA said the DPNR has been cooperative in this investigation . She added that none of the troubles the agency has had are directly related to pesticide enforcement , but instead general practices . Mapp said the agency 's problems have nothing to do with what happened to the Devine and Esmond 's family . Instead , he blames the pesticide companies . "  It occurred because someone was cutting corners , thought they could enhance their profit margin and thought they could get away with it , and apparently in my own residence someone had been getting away with it for quite some time , " Mapp said . Part of the investigation , he said , will be tracking whether the proper paperwork was filled out when the canisters were ordered , or if the pesticide was smuggled in . The Department of Justice is also investigating . "  If they purchased it and on these forms they said their use was for agriculture purposes , which is the only legal way they could use it , and then brought them into the territory and used them in commercial and residential buildings , that 's a clear and malice violation of the law , " Mapp said .	Methyl bromide is suspected to have been used improperly several times in the U.S. Virgin Islands , local officials say Teen brothers exposed to the pesticide while on vacation are both in comas ; parents are recovering
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- At least 10 people were killed in two explosions Friday in central Nairobi , the Kenya National Disaster Operation Centre said via Twitter . As many as 76 people were wounded in the blasts at the Gikomba market and on a public minibus , the disaster agency said . Ambulances evacuated 43 injured males and 33 injured females , the Centre said via Twitter . Two suspects were arrested in connection with the explosions , which were caused by grenades , according to Nairobi Police Commandant Benson Kibuye . There have been no claims of responsibility in the attack . Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta expressed his sympathy to those affected by the blasts , the Interior Ministry said via Twitter . The explosions came after the United States , Australia and UK issued travel alerts for the African nation Thursday . Hundreds of vacationers were evacuated from Kenya the same day in response to the alerts , which warned of a "  high threat " of terrorist attacks . Kenyan authorities described the warnings as "  unfriendly acts " and said security remains a top priority . "  Terrorism is not an evil that was born in Kenya , terrorism is a world wide phenomenon , " the Kenyan President said in his state of the union address . As he delivered that speech Friday , the blasts rocked the central part of the capital . The Kenyan military crossed into Somalia in 2011 to battle the terrorist group Al-Shabaab , which it blamed for kidnapping tourists in the coastal region . In retaliation , the terrorist group has launched a spate of attacks , including targeting bustling bus stations with grenades . Last year , militants stormed the Westgate Mall in Nairobi and held shoppers under siege for days . At least 67 people were killed . CNN 's Azadeh Ansari reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan reported from Atlanta . Journalist Lucy Wamweya reported from Nairobi . CNN 's Faith Karimi and Lindsay Isaac also contributed to this report .	Police : Blasts were caused by grenades , two arrested Two explosions killed 10 people in central Nairobi , officials said Kenyan President expressed his sympathy to those affected Attacks come after U.S. , Australia , UK issue travel alerts
EW.com  -- If show business were high school  and is n't it , really ?  , Beyoncé would be a front-runner for valedictorian . She 's a class act on and off the charts , a can-do girl who shares her gifts with everyone while keeping her beyond-fabulous life -- the Obamas on speed dial , Jay-Z at the dinner table -- largely to herself . Over the course of her three previous records , she 's matured from Destiny 's Child-hood into a formidable solo hitmaker with two of pop music 's most transcendent chart-toppers , " Crazy in Love " and " Single Ladies , " tucked in the pocket of her Deréon jeans . So why does it feel like Beyoncé is struggling so hard to prove herself on "  4 ? " The album is an every-song-for-itself welter of conflicting ambitions : It wants to be cutting-edge but familiar , accessible but artistic , hot-blooded but strictly impersonal . Those tensions hurt most in its lumbering first half , a defiant bird flipped at anyone expecting out-of-the-box radio killers . Instead , we get a sleepy recital of ballads , kicked off by the arid Prince-ipality of " 1 +1 " and " I Miss You , " in which Bey pants and sweats and grunts  except , you know , sexy-like  , her voice climbing ever higher in search of an octave big enough to hold it . "  I do n't know much about guns/But I , I 've been shot by you , " she yelps on " 1 +1 , " as if the love bullet were actually breaking skin . Vocally , she 's never sounded better -- throaty and precise -- but the songs here just are n't her equal . While those efforts at least aim high , a few of "  4 " 's lesser tracks feel like they were unsuccessfully bred in studio captivity for mass consumption . The familiar lite-FM bombast of " Best Thing I Never Had " proves her 2006 hit " Irreplaceable " is just that . " I Was Here , " co-written by Diane Warren , reaches Lifetime-movie levels of schmaltz , while the promisingly named " Party , " featuring Kanye and Andre 3000 , turns out to be a slow-jam invitation to an after-work mixer with light refreshments . And when the 29 year old mimics Luther Vandross and Diana Ross on the charmingly goofy one-two of " Love on Top " and " Rather Die Young , " she gets lost in her idols ' polyester-swathed shadows . Unsurprisingly , Beyoncé is at her best when she sounds like no one but herself . She takes her trusty freakum dress out of mothballs for the marching-band funk of " Countdown , " which includes such joy-inducing non-lyrics as " Me and my boof , and my boof boof riding . " On " Run the World  Girls  , " the first single off the disc , she turns cheesy postfeminism into a martial foot-stomper that crackles like a burst of pirate-radio agitpop .  It bombed accordingly on the mainstream charts . And the terrific " End of Time " seethes with off-balance harmonies , MJ-style "  Off the Wall " horns and a bionic Bo Diddley beat , all while Bey howls her eternal love to everyone and no one in particular . It 's exactly the kind of genre-busting risk that few other current pop stars would even attempt , let alone pull off flawlessly with a no-big-thing shrug . With more moments like that , "  4 " might have been an album fully worthy of her talent . As it is , though , even star students get the occasional B. See the original article on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The album 's first half is full of conflicting ambitions , resulting in a sleepy recital of ballads Vocally , she 's never sounded better , but the songs are n't Beyoncé 's equal The singer is at her best when she sounds like no one but herself , such as in "  Countdown "
CNN  -- A man suspected in the slayings of his girlfriend and her four children admitted choking the Oklahoma woman to death , but said the children were not present at the time , according to an affidavit filed in the case . Joshua Steven Durcho was arrested Tuesday after a car chase with police . Joshua Steven Durcho , 25 , was arrested Tuesday night in Hamilton County , Texas , officials said . He is suspected of killing Summer Rust , 25 ; her son Teagin , 4 ; and daughters Evynn , 3 , and Autumn and Kirsten , both 7 . All five bodies were found in Rust 's apartment in El Reno , Oklahoma , about 30 miles west of Oklahoma City , on Monday . Durcho 's first cousin notified authorities he found the body of Rust , who is identified in the affidavit as Summer Dawn Garas . Police also found the children 's bodies in the apartment , according to the affidavit , written by a special agent with the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation and filed Tuesday in Canadian County , Oklahoma , District Court . "  The Medical Examiner 's Office has reported to our agents that the preliminary assessment of the cause and manner of death for all five individuals was asphyxiation , suffocation and strangulation , " the affidavit said . "  It was also reported that each body had ligature marks around the neck . The ligature marks were also observed by OSBI crime scene investigators . " A spokeswoman for the state medical examiner 's office told CNN on Wednesday that the cause of death for Summer Rust and Teagin was strangulation , and that a ligature -- which could include a string , cord or wire -- was used to strangle them . Autopsies on the three girls were being conducted Wednesday , the spokeswoman said . A woman told police Durcho came to her apartment Monday afternoon and told her he had "  choked " Summer Rust to death and that he was leaving Oklahoma , according to the affidavit . The woman asked Durcho about Rust 's children , the affidavit said , and "  Durcho told her that the children were at their grandmother 's residence ... while he and Summer worked out their relationship problems . " The woman called Durcho 's mother and told her what he had said about killing Rust , the affidavit said . Durcho 's mother drove to the apartment to check on the woman , but no one answered her knocks . She then called her nephew , Durcho 's cousin , to accompany her , leading to the discovery of Rust 's body , according to the document . About 6:30 p.m. Monday , the affidavit said , Durcho went to the home of another cousin , a female , and told her "  he was in trouble and that he was headed out of state . " Durcho was driving Rust 's 1989 white Ford Thunderbird , the document said , and asked his cousin to swap cars with him , but she declined . A surveillance video showed Durcho at a truck stop on Interstate 40 about three hours later , driving the Thunderbird , the affidavit said . Early Tuesday morning , a text message was sent from a cell phone in Durcho 's possession to his mother 's cell phone , according to the affidavit . Tracking and cell phone records showed Durcho 's phone was located in Wichita Falls , Texas , at the time . Later that morning , Durcho called his mother , with the call shown to be from the Abilene , Texas , area , the affidavit said . Durcho 's mother said "  Durcho told her he loved her and had to go , " according to the document . Police said Durcho was arrested after a car chase Tuesday night . A Texas state trooper attempted to stop the car Durcho was driving because the trooper suspected the driver was drunk , according to Erin Mangrum of the Canadian County sheriff 's office . When the trooper ran the license plate on the car , it matched the tag number of a vehicle sought by Oklahoma police . The car sped off , Mangrum said , and during the ensuing chase the car crashed . Durcho suffered only minor injuries and was taken into custody , Mangrum said . A court hearing was to be held for Durcho on Wednesday in Hamilton County , according to CNN affiliates . The Hamilton County district attorney 's office did not immediately return a call from CNN . Durcho was being held in the county jail Tuesday night , Mangrum said . Rust 's mother , Susan Rust of Carson City , Nevada , said Durcho was unemployed and had been living with Rust and her children .	NEW : Affidavit describes suspect 's actions after slayings Mother , son strangled with ligature , autopsy shows Suspect arrested after chase in Texas Family found dead in Oklahoma apartment on Monday
CNN  -- Jewish organizations called for a Romanian official to resign and face a criminal investigation after he wore a Nazi uniform during a fashion show over the weekend . Radu Mazare , the mayor of the town of Constanta , wore a Nazi uniform during a fashion show over the weekend . Radu Mazare , the mayor of the town of Constanta , and his 15-year-old son "  entered the stage marching the clearly identifiable Nazi ` goose step , ' " the Center for Monitoring and Combating anti-Semitism in Romania said in a letter to the country 's prosecutor general . The organization 's director , Marco Katz , said Mazare had broken Romanian law and encouraged his son to do the same , "  educating him to treat the law with contempt . " Katz said Mazare was sending a message "  that to wear Nazi uniforms and to march the Nazi steps is legal and ` in vogue ' in Romania . " He urged the authorities and the head of Mazare 's Social Democrat party to show that message "  will be strongly countermanded . " Mazare , 41 , said he had not noticed the Nazi swastika symbol on the uniform before he wore it , according to the Romanian Times newspaper . "  I checked it before I put it on but the swastika was very small and I did n't see it , " he said . "  I really liked the look of the uniform after seeing it in the Tom Cruise film ` Valkyrie . ' I bought it from a costume hire shop in Germany . " A top Nazi hunter said Mazare should quit . "  The proper thing for you to do is to admit your mistake , apologize for it and resign your position , " Efraim Zuroff of the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Jerusalem wrote to Mazare . Zuroff sent CNN a copy of the letter . He said it was no defense that the uniform was that of the Wehrmacht -- the army -- rather than the SS , the elite Nazi guard which took the lead in killing Jews during the Holocaust . "  The Wehrmacht played an active role in the mass murder of European Jewry and many other innocent victims . By dressing in a Wehrmacht uniform , you are expressing totally unwarranted support and nostalgia for an army which committed the most terrible war crimes and acts of genocide , " the letter said . "  It would hard to adequately describe the depth of the pain that your appearance caused , not only to Jews and other victims of Nazism , but to any person of moral integrity who knows the history of World War II , " Zuroff wrote . Zuroff told CNN he did not expect Mazare to resign , or even to respond to the letter . But he said he hoped the mayor might act on Zuroff 's suggestion that Mazare create a Romanian-language edition of an acclaimed exhibition on the crimes of the Wehrmacht . The Nazi uniform incident , which took place Sunday , was the first time Zuroff heard of Mazare , he said . "  He has a history of being outrageous , but his antics have never included something that I would deal with , " Zuroff said . "  He 's a real character , apparently . He 's also very popular , which makes this much more difficult . " CNN attempts to contact Mazare were unsuccessful . Romania was a Nazi ally from 1940 to 1944 , under the leadership of a right-wing military government led by General Ion Antonescu . At least 270,000 Romanian Jews were killed or died from mistreatment during the Holocaust , according to the Holocaust Encyclopedia . The 1930 Romanian census recorded 728,115 people who identified themselves as Jewish , comprising approximately 4 percent of the population , the reference work says . Antonescu was deposed in 1944 and Romania switched sides in World War II .	Jewish organizations call for a Romanian official to resign Mayor wore a Nazi uniform during a fashion show Radu Mazare said he did not notice Nazi swastika symbol on the uniform
CNN  -- A U.S. Customs and Border Patrol agent was killed Saturday when he was struck by a car driven by a suspected narcotics smuggler , officials said . Luis Aguilar , 32 , who was assigned to the Yuma , Arizona , border patrol station , died Saturday , U.S. Customs and Border Patrol Commissioner W. Ralph Basham said in a statement . "  Agent Aguilar 's death serves as another stark reminder of the risks our front-line agents and officers face each day , " Basham said . Aguilar was trying to place spike strips in the path of two vehicles believed to have illegally entered the country from Mexico when one of the vehicles hit him , agent Michael Bernacke , a spokesman for the agency 's Yuma sector , told The Associated Press . Both vehicles drove back across the border into Mexico , the AP said . The fatal incident occurred in the Imperial Sand Dunes Recreation Area near Andrade , California , Basham said . Andrade is just over the California state line from Arizona . The area is popular with off-road vehicle enthusiasts but also is frequently used by smugglers carrying people or drugs , the AP said . Aguilar is survived by his wife and two children , along with his brother , who is also a border patrol agent , a Homeland Security Department statement said . "  I am outraged by this tragic loss , " said Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff said Saturday . "  I have spoken to the Mexican ambassador , who gives me both his condolences and deep assurance that their government will be resolute in tracking down the perpetrators and bringing them to swift justice . " Federal , state and local authorities are working with Mexican police and military authorities to apprehend the suspected killers , he said . E-mail to a friend	Officials : Luis Aguilar , 32 , was placing spike strips to stop the smugglers Border agents believe two cars involved had entered the U.S. illegally The incident occurred over the California state line from Arizona Both vehicles drove back across the border and into Mexico
Bab al-Salam , Syria  CNN  -- It is a sight almost as surreal as it is disturbing : three boys , on the cusp of being teenagers , digging furiously with their hands and sticks . It is in some ways playtime , but there is little innocence left in this refugee camp sandwiched between Syria 's north and an unwelcoming Turkish border . Muhammad Zafir says their frantic excavations are in case "  jets come and drop bombs , " he said . "  We put children here to hide them , but of course we will make it much bigger for 20 to 30 . " It is a testament to their fast and unnatural path into manhood : Hours that should be spent idling or playing football are lost to digging an air raid shelter . Muhammad can explain the different noises made by jet missiles , rocket-propelled grenades and heavy machine guns . The three boys are also digging peepholes into their structure , so they could see outside during any attack . It 's rudimentary and made entirely of mud and finger marks , but it is all they have . This is life for the 8,000 Syrians who fled everything , hoping for something but ending up with little . Despite being some 100 yards from a NATO power -- the doorstep of Europe -- and a developed economy , they scavenge for wood and burn plastic to keep warm . They chop down weeds to supplement their faltering diet . Some 22 months into the war -- and despite the world 's sympathy -- they face a winter of freezing temperatures and uncertain food . Refugees in the Bab al-Salam camp just inside Syria can see the Turkish refugee camps from the roofs of their buildings , but Turkey for now will not accept them . So they are caught between the war they fled and the outside world that will not embrace them . They number some 200 families and growing , huddled around plastic tents that work as temporary shelter during summer but will do little to protect them from the frost of winter . Husan Shammo used to work in the nearby town of Azaz for the Red Crescent and is now the closest thing this sprawling camp has to an organizer . He explains why so many ended up shut out by Turkey . "  Of course 80 % of those here came hoping to cross into Turkey , " he said , "  but the Turkish government stopped hosting over six weeks ago . People are furious , and we ca n't provide a lot of their daily needs . " Here , within earshot of Turkey 's highways , you can also hear the distant but occasional thud of artillery -- a reminder that the war they fled remains the worse option over the squalor they now endure . Winter , however , will be their greatest enemy in the months ahead . Dozens of families have taken advantage of the concrete truck shelters at this border crossing , moving their tents into the hangar-like structures , hoping the roofs will provide a little more shelter . But for Abdul Qadr al-Hasan 's daughter Siham , the cold came too fast . Holding his surviving daughter , the thick-set man describes how Siham died . "  She was not sick . She did n't have any problems at all . We were up late that night and we were playing with her , " he said . "  We woke up the next morning ... She was curled into a ball from the cold . We buried her in the village . Her sister is afraid now of the cold . " Had his family had a stove in their tent just a few weeks earlier , Siham would have lived . But the struggle to keep warm brings its own hazards . Wood is scarce . Easier to find is plastic , which burns with a sickly , acrid smoke . Children scour the fields for this "  treasure " but then reap the consequences from the heat : a poisonous blanket of smoke that brings hacking coughs to each settlement . At the sun sets , children find a patch of herbs -- weeds almost -- growing naturally against a wall and cut them down for food . Despite being so close to a developed economy , they are reeling with the war raging next door . But now it is the best the world has to offer for these 8,000 Syrians . For more coverage of the Syrian refugee crisis , click here .	Three boys dig an air raid shelter to guard against attack They are among 200 Syrian families at Bab al-Salam camp in Syria on Turkish border Turkey will not accept them Children find weeds for food on doorstep to Europe
Chicago  CNN  -- In the wake of Apple 's patent infringement victory over Samsung , many are asking : "  What are the practical implications and repercussions of the verdict ? " For now , the verdict should be viewed as a victory for consumers , industrial designers , design rights and the patent system in general . I recognize there are some who disagree with this position . These skeptics , painting a gloom and doom picture , argue that the decision will stifle innovation , yielding fewer product choices for consumers , and worse yet , leading to higher prices as Apple will levy an "  Apple tax " on all electronic devices . They do n't stop there . They then grouse that a party should not be "  forced " to change its product "  just to avoid a patent . " The rhetoric then typically concludes with a flurry of complaints , which , if taken to their logical conclusion , are nothing short of a call to arms to abolish the entire patent system . Lest we forget , the authority to grant patents is expressly engrained in the U.S. Constitution . Expect daring new designs To understand the epic patent dispute between Apple and Samsung , one must appreciate that there were two distinct breeds of intellectual property rights at play in the case : Utility patents and design patents . Roughly speaking , utility patents protect the function of an item , while design patents protect the appearance of an item . Design patents were at the core of this case . Apple 's competitors , including Samsung , will now need to steer clear of Apple 's designs . They need to step beyond the shadow of Apple 's designs  where they have largely resided for years  , and create products that are unique , appealing and distinctly different in visual appearance . The jury spoke loud and clear : Design rights need to be respected . This verdict should be viewed as a much needed opportunity for Apple 's competitors to "  go back to the drawing board . " This , in turn , will mean consumers can expect new , exciting and even daring designs . Thankfully , consumers will be spared a lifetime of watching Apple release new products only to have competitors react by seeing how close they can get without crossing the design line . It is entirely possible that consumers , in time , will get tired of the same-old Apple designs , and actually prefer the new creations . It then will be Apple who will need to innovate  again  . This will keep prices in check . Are Apple 's competitors ready ? Apple 's competitors are ready -- provided their decision-makers give the industrial designers  the visual geniuses who create new product designs  , more creative license . The best way to compete with Apple 's designs is not to emulate but to out-design . Across the globe , there are highly talented industrial designers bursting with creativity who are ready , willing and able to create new , exciting and different looking designs . Samsung to fight ruling Samsung already employs an accomplished industrial design squad that has received many design accolades , including at the prestigious 2012 International Design Excellence Awards from the Industrial Designers Society of America . During the course of the trial we learned Samsung 's business folk were calling most of the shots on product design , rather than its design professionals . Samsung 's all-star industrial design team will likely now retake the reins -- again , this bodes well for consumers . How did Apple do it ? Apple and Samsung are prolific users of the U.S. design patent system . In 2001 , Apple was issued ten U.S. design patents while Samsung was issued eight . This year , Apple is on pace for 160 U.S. design patents , and Samsung is tracking toward 500 . With Apple 's design patent rights carrying the day , the silver lining for Samsung is that its investment in its large design patent portfolio has been fortified . But Samsung brass may still be left scratching their heads as to how Apple scored this latest triumph . Apple ruling will hurt -- but not for long Apple 's playbook for success in this case boils down to four things . Firstly , the company has top-down understanding of the importance of design in the consumer 's purchasing decision . Secondly , it has top-tier industrial design team who created appealing designs that drove product demand so much so they created an insatiable desire to emulate . Thirdly , the company has a sophisticated and aggressive design patent acquisition program . Finally , it has a desire to expend significant effort and resources to enforce and defend product design . It will be interesting to see which Apple competitors seek to emulate this strategy for success . For now this case will serve as an ordinary example of how our patent system was designed to work . Company A innovates and patents ; in response , Company B advances the arts and sciences beyond the efforts of Company A. Soon , Company A will be chasing Company B and so on and so forth . All along , the public is the beneficiary of the advancements and innovations . Let the designing begin .	Lawyer Christopher Carani : The Apple verdict is a victory for consumers , design rights and the patent system Apple 's competitors , including Samsung , will now need to steer clear of Apple 's designs Carani believes the best way to compete with Apple 's designs is not to emulate but to out-design
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Food and Drug Administration said Wednesday that it has stopped reviewing drug applications from an India-based pharmaceutical plant , alleging that officials there falsified data and test results in applications , some of which the agency has already approved . In its second action in six months against Ranbaxy 's Paonta Sahib plant , the FDA invoked its Application Integrity Policy , which is usually invoked over concerns about the integrity of data in drug applications . In September , the FDA issued an import alert barring entry of generic drugs produced at the plant in northeastern India and two others owned by Ranbaxy . That order remains in effect . A man who answered the phone at the company 's offices in Gurgaon , Haryana , India , said no one was available for comment . No one immediately answered an e-mail sent Wednesday to the company 's U.S. corporate offices in Princeton , New Jersey . Under the Application Integrity Policy , the most recent action , the FDA has stopped all scientific review of any new or pending drug approval applications containing data from the Paonta Sahib plant . In a letter sent Wednesday to the company , the agency alleged that data submitted from the Ranbaxy plant contained falsified information -- including lies that safety tests were conducted , lies that drugs had been kept at room temperature when in fact they had been stored in refrigerators , and lies about the shelf life of some drugs . "  Companies must provide truthful and accurate information in their marketing applications , " said Dr. Janet Woodcock , director of the FDA 's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research , in a statement on the FDA Web site . "  The American public expects and deserves no less . " An investigation is under way , but the FDA said it has no evidence that drugs manufactured at the plant do not meet quality specifications . In a written statement e-mailed to CNN , a spokesperson said the company had just been notified of the action . "  Ranbaxy will analyze the letter and other information fully and respond appropriately in a timely manner , " it said . "  The FDA has said it has no evidence the drugs on the market are substandard and also that they comply with specifications upon testing , " it added . Deborah Autor , director of the drug evaluation center 's Office of Compliance , said there is no reason to believe Ranbaxy drugs on U.S. shelves pose any safety threat . She said all 80 samples tested met application specifications . "  We feel comfortable leaving those products on the U.S. market at this time , " she said . The FDA said it has approved some 25 drug applications that contain data from Paonta Sahib . The applications affected by Wednesday 's announcement are for approved drugs made for the U.S. market , drugs pending approval but not yet on the market , and certain drugs manufactured in Ranbaxy 's Ohm Laboratories in New Jersey , which relied on data from the Paonta Sahib plant . Three generic drugs were produced at Ohm Laboratories : simvastatin  Zocor  and pravastatin  Pravachol  , both cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins , and the antihistamine loratadine  Claritin  . The four plants in India that make drugs approved for distribution in the United States have been inspected more than 20 times since 2005 , the FDA said . The FDA advised patients to talk with their doctor before considering stopping any medications .	FDA stops drug applications from India-based drug plant Plant officials falsified data on applications , agency says Official : No reason to believe company 's drugs on U.S. shelves pose any safety threat
Americans in two dozen states from the Midwest to the Southeast and Northeast are shivering this week courtesy of a distorted polar vortex . The rush of cold air it 's sending southward is the biggest visitor from the North Pole since Santa Claus . The gifts it brings , however , are chilling and generally unwelcome . Much of the United States has plunged into a deep freeze from record low temperatures . CNN International senior meteorologist Brandon Miller answers a few pressing questions about this phenomenon . What is a polar vortex ? What distinguishes it ? The polar vortex , as it sounds , is circulation of strong , upper-level winds that normally surround the northern pole in a counterclockwise direction -- a polar low-pressure system . These winds tend to keep the bitter cold air locked in the Arctic regions of the Northern Hemisphere . It is not a single storm . On occasion , this vortex can become distorted and dip much farther south than you would normally find it , allowing cold air to spill southward . How frequently does this polar vortex distortion occur ? The upper-level winds that make up the polar vortex change in intensity from time to time . When those winds decrease significantly , it can allow the vortex to become distorted , and the result is a jet stream that plunges deep into southern latitudes , bringing the cold , dense Arctic air spilling down with it . This oscillation is known as the Arctic Oscillation and it can switch from a positive phase to negative phase a few times per year . This oscillation -- namely the negative phase where the polar winds are weaker -- tends to lead to major cold air outbreaks in one or more regions of the planet . Where on Earth can this happen ? The polar vortex can lead to major cold air outbreaks in any portion of the Northern Hemisphere -- North America , Europe and Asia . This will lead to cold snaps in multiple locations , though not always . How dangerous is a polar vortex distortion as compared to a tornado or hurricane ? Completely different type of systems . A cold air outbreak caused by the polar vortex is much more widespread and lasts longer than a single storm . With the widespread drop in temperature , however , you can see significant winter storms develop , especially when the cold air is initially advancing into a previously warm region -- much like the nor'easter this past week . When was the last big one to hit a densely populated area ? Serious cold snaps happen several times a year , though in different regions of the world and with different severities . Last March saw a significant decrease in temperature as a result of the polar vortex pushing into much of Europe . Many locations experienced an Easter holiday that was much colder than their Christmas holiday . The United Kingdom , for instance , had its coldest March in 50 years . If you get caught up in one , what should you do ? Again , it 's not a "  storm " that you get caught in . But when faced with significant cold temperatures , you should stay inside whenever possible , layer clothing if you must be outside , winterize your home and car , etc. . Is it a side effect of global warming and should we expect more events like this ? This is a hotly researched topic . In short , yes , it could be . It seems counterintuitive that global warming could cause significant cold snaps like this one , but some research shows that it could . We know that different types of extreme weather can result from the overall warming of the planet , melting of the Arctic Sea ice , etc. . This includes extreme distortions of the jet stream , which can cause heat waves in summer and cold snaps in winter . Parts of Western Europe have been battered by the worst storms for two decades during the past week -- are they related to the weather system in the United States ? They are related in a sense , but I would n't say "  caused by . " The storms in Europe are the result of a persistent pattern that has seen the jet stream parked near the United Kingdom and Ireland , which has brought a train of storm systems over the British Isles . This is the same jet stream , of course , that has plunged deep into the southern portions of the United States . So , the jet stream has been "  stuck " in a position that is allowing cold Arctic air to spill into much of the United States and Canada . But it is in a position that is bringing warmer , moist air from the Atlantic over Northwest Europe , resulting in the stormy conditions .	Polar vortex is circulation of strong , upper-level winds that normally surround the North Pole The distortion can lead to major cold air outbreaks in North America , Europe and Asia A cold air outbreak caused by the polar vortex is much more widespread than a single storm Research suggests the distortion could be a side effect of global warming
CNN  Formula One star Fernando Alonso is on the road to recovery after a 150kph crash on Sunday . The Spanish driver 's manager Luis Garcia Abad tweeted a picture of Alonso smiling in a hospital bed -- less than 48 hours after a hair-raising smash at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya . Alonso 's McLaren team confirmed in a statement Monday that the two-time world champion is making a "  solid recovery " after undergoing a number of tests at a nearby hospital . "  From the scene of the incident he was driven to the circuit 's medical center , where he was given first aid and , as per normal procedures , was sedated in preparation for an air-lift to hospital , " read the statement . "  In hospital a thorough and complete analysis of his condition was performed , involving CT scans and MRI scans , all of which were completely normal . "  In order to provide the privacy and tranquility required to facilitate a peaceful recuperation , he is being kept in hospital for further observation , and to recover from the effects of the medication that successfully managed his routine sedation yesterday . " The incident occurred on Turn 3 of the circuit , which was hosting a testing event ahead of the start of the 2015 Formula One season next month . The crash was caused by "  the unpredictably gusty winds at that part of the circuit at that time , and which had affected other drivers similarly , " said McLaren . Abad 's tweet showed Alonso giving a thumbs up accompanied with the words : "  Lunchtime ! Thank you for your support ! " Alonso recently returned to McLaren , the team he raced for during the 2007 season , after a five year stint with Ferrari . The 2014 season saw safety in F1 come into sharp focus after Marussia driver Jules Bianchi suffered severe head injuries in Japan last October . He will be hoping to be on the grid for the season-opening Australian Grand Prix , which takes places on March 15 .	Fernando Alonso is recovering in hospital following a 150kph crash on Sunday The McLaren-Honda driver has undergone CT and MRI scans Alonso 's crash was caused by "  unpredictably gusty winds " according to McLaren-Honda
CNN  -- European football 's governing body UEFA will investigate alleged incidents of racist chanting at two Euro 2012 matches , it was announced on Tuesday . The two games in question are Sunday 's 1-1 draw between Spain and Italy in Gdansk , Ukraine , and Russia 's 4-1 win over Czech Republic in the Polish city of Wroclaw on Friday "  Following the provision of new independent information regarding the two cases of alleged racist chanting in the Spain-Italy and Russia-Czech Republic matches , UEFA is now conducting further investigations , " said a UEFA spokesman . "  There are , however , no disciplinary proceedings opened at this moment in time . " The issue of racism has threatened to overshadow the four-yearly tournament , which is being co-hosted by Poland and Ukraine . Members of the Dutch squad claimed to hear monkey noises during an open training session in Krakow , Poland , last week , though the Dutch FA opted not to lodge an official complaint with UEFA . In addition , family members of two black England players chose not to travel to the competition for fear of being subjected to racism . UEFA has already taken the step of writing a letter to the mayors of each host city asking for a zero-tolerance approach to racist abuse . In addition to the latest developments , Russia also came under scrutiny over the conduct of their fans following reported unrest during the Czech Republic match . On Monday , the Russian Football Federation issued a plea for good behavior to it 's supporters at the tournament .	UEFA to investigate alleged racist chanting at two Euro 2012 matches Spain v Italy and Russia v Czech Republic are the two games in question No disciplinary action has yet been take by European football 's governing body UEFA have already requested a zero-tolerance stance on racism from host cities
CNN  -- A judge refused Monday to reduce the bail for a ride operator who has been charged with three felony counts of assault after five people were hurt on a ride at the North Carolina State Fair . An attorney for Timothy Dwayne Tutterrow asked a Wake County judge to reduce the bail -- set at $ 225,000 -- arguing his client was no flight risk . Judge Keith Gregory declined the motion , but said the issue could be discussed at a later date and scheduled Tutterow 's second court appearance for November 18 . Tutterow , a 46-year-old from Quitman , Georgia , faces three felony counts of assault with a deadly weapon inflicting serious bodily injury . Tutterow 's lawyer , Roger Smith Jr. , said his client is devastated by what happened . "  Tim would never intentionally harm anyone , " he said . "  He 's a good man . He has a good heart . " Wake County Sheriff Donnie Harrison said Saturday investigators determined that the Vortex ride had been tampered with and "  critical safety devices were compromised . " Witnesses said the ride had stopped Thursday night and people were getting off when it restarted , resulting in five injuries . CNN affiliate WRAL reported that three of those hurt were still hospitalized at WakeMed Hospital in Raleigh as of Sunday . The two victims have been released . A ride attendant -- not Tutterrow -- was among the injured , though it was n't clear whether he was among those still in the hospital this weekend . The victims included family members between the ages of 14 and 39 . According to the sheriff 's office , Tutterrow is an independent ride contractor for a company that only had one ride at the fair : the Vortex . Wake County District Attorney Colon Wiloughby said Monday the investigation is ongoing and that it was unknown at this point if and when anyone else would be facing charges . Dolores Quesenberry a spokeswoman for the state 's Department of Labor , said operators are supposed to perform system checks three times a day during the fair and record the results in a logbook provided by the state .	Bail was kept at $ 225,000 while next court date was set for November 18 Timothy Dwayne Tutterrow is charged with assault with a deadly weapon Tutterow is from Georgia but attorney argued he was n't a flight risk Five people were hurt in the incident
Washington  CNN  For the head of the FBI 's counterterrorist division , Michael Steinbach , the unknown worries him the most . Steinbach is leading the daunting effort to stay on top of the evolving threat landscape , which includes targeting and recruiting teenage Americans . In an exclusive interview with CNN inside the agency 's Strategic Information and Operations Center , he acknowledged it 's extremely difficult to track every American who might travel abroad to join terrorist groups like the Islamic State . "  I 'm worried about individuals that we do n't know about that have training , " Steinbach said . "  We know what we know . But there is a number that 's greater than that that we do n't know . " Steinbach says U.S. law enforcement and intelligence agencies do n't track individuals leaving the United States to vacation in Europe . "  Once you get to Europe , you can easily get down to Turkey and into Syria " Steinbach says . There 's growing concern about homegrown violent extremism in the aftermath of last month 's terror attacks in Paris . Those strikes underscored the threat posed to the West by small groups of terrorists with western passports who are influenced by the rhetoric espoused by ISIS . Steinbach is concerned that type of attack could happen on U.S. soil . ISIS images appear to show Jordanian pilot burned alive When asked if there are ISIS cells in the U.S. , Steinbach said "  there are individuals that have been in communication with groups like ISIL who have a desire to conduct an attack " and those people are living in the U.S. right now , but he says the term "  sleeper cells " is too simplistic , because the threat is much more complicated and diffuse . In the U.S. , the FBI has seen children as young as 15 recruited by ISIS and Steinbach said he "  ca n't speak with 100 % certainty that individuals of that age group have not gotten over there successfully . " In some cases , Steinbach said parents even encourage their children to be involved with terror groups . "  There are individuals out there who are inspired by the message of terrorist groups and they encourage family members , including their children , to follow that path , " he said , adding in those cases , the FBI holds the parents responsible . Opinion : Why is ISIS so successful at luring Westerners ? Steinbach said the FBI is working around the clock to combat the recruitment of Americans but U.S. law enforcement ca n't do the job alone . It 's up to families to speak up as well , he said . "  In the majority of cases , we know that someone recognizes that change in behavior , that radicalization , " he said . "  That family member or friend chooses not to intervene . And by not getting involved , the story ends in a very familiar fashion , and that 's death . " He also said ISIS is aggressively pursuing women on social media . "  The recruitment of women by ISIS is much more than we 've ever seen by a terrorist organization , " he said . "  We have seen everything from a female fighter -- dedicated groups of women fighters -- and those who have come over to support foreign fighters by marrying them . " Colorado teen gets 4 years for wanting to join ISIS He emphasizes ISIS is pushing out a false narrative of what it 's like in Syria in order to lure them . Monitoring social media poses its own challenges , he said . The sheer volume of posts calls for strong analytical skills to weed through the data , which he said is a "  full time job and a challenge . " "  We 've seen lots of places , online media , forums , social media , where there have been calls to conducting lone wolf attacks in your home country through a variety of means , not necessarily a sophisticated technique , but use what you have , use the tools you have and conduct an attack , " Steinbach said . "  They are using it successfully , I might add , to spot , assess , identify , target folks outside of war zones , " he elaborated . And , of course , the FBI must also strike a delicate balance of respecting privacy concerns of Americans while trying to protect them . "  We do n't have a desire or a right to step on somebody 's freedom of expression . They have a right to express their opinion , " Steinbach says . "  But when that opinion turns into violent rhetoric and then into action , that 's something different . " Obama : ISIS only ` interested in death and destruction ' Still , the recent arrest of an Ohio man , Christopher Lee Cornell , has drawn criticism that the government is making terrorists out of people . He raised red flags by posting messages supportive of violent jihad on social media and was eventually arrested for plotting to attack the U.S. Capitol . But there were doubts about how seriously Cornell sought to act on his threats . To his critics , Steinbach says , "  I need folks to understand that whether you 're talking about a foreign terrorist organization directing individuals or just inspiring individuals ... we identify individuals with the intent . We do n't manufacture that intent . We do n't put that intent into their mind . " But do they have the capability and manpower to combat so many individuals with the intent of attacking Americans ? "  I do n't know if enough manpower is the right word , " he said . "  Look , there are lots of threats out there , criminal threats , counter-intelligence-based threats , cyber threats and terrorism threats . And we have to identify those highest priority threats and focus the resources . There is a finite number of resources and we have to focus those resources on those threats . " Opinion : When Americans leave for jihad	FBI counterterror chief to CNN : Terrorist threat is ` complicated ' Michael Steinbach says ISIS has recruited U.S. children as young as 15 Steinbach : ISIS recruiting women ` more than we 've ever seen by a terrorist organization '
London  CNN  -- The UK 's role as a global manufacturing center has stumbled as other nations rise -- now Europe must focus on quality and exports to emerging markets to prosper , a CNN Marketplace Europe debate has been told . Digby Jones , former Minister of State for UK Trade and Investment said high-end , innovative and trusted products would always deliver sales for Europe . Read more : Model trains and planes motor their way back home "  Whether you 're making it in Birmingham or Berlin , whether you 're making it in Lyon or London ... Europe actually has a very , very good and important place in the 21st century , " he said . Jones , speaking at a panel hosted by CNN 's Richard Quest , said Europe needed to target markets such as India and China if it is to survive . He added : "  It 's all about international competitiveness ; it 's actually not in a globalized economy about , where you do it . " Read more : Eurostar boss : ` State of the art ' fleet set to grow European rail market The panel -- which also included Roger Carr , chairman-designate of defence company BAE Systems , Lee Hopley , chief economist at the Manufacturers Organisation for UK Manufacturers and Sarah Curran , founder of my-wardrobe . com -- was split on whether Europe 's manufacturing center was in trouble . Hopley told CNN that European manufacturing had been going through a tough time as debt-ridden nations struggle to cope with harsh austerity measures and a regional debt crisis . However , "  there are industries such as the aerospace sector which right across Europe has been booming and will continue to so for some time , " Hopley added . Read more : How the skies tell Head if business will be sunny or gloomy Two of the world 's largest aircraft makers , Boeing and Airbus , have both seen an increase in sales . The two have raised production to record levels and last year Boeing said it expects a need for 34,000 aircraft in the next 20 years to meet the demands of India and China . Roger Carr , chairman of Centrica , was also optimistic for European industry . He said : "  No , it 's not in trouble . I think it 's a question of knowing what you 're good at , having the right skill set in place and then exploiting it . " The panel agreed that the only way to develop industry in Europe was to encourage education and less regulation . Fashion guru Curran said more support is needed for young entrepreneurs in developed economies . She added : "  I did n't find that help ... I could have done with more help . " While Jones said governments in the U.K. , France , Germany , Spain and Italy must all "  sharpen up " their education systems if future generations are going to get jobs in western economies . And Jones closed the debate by adding : "  Without doubt , providing the wealth creators of western Europe with a ` skills-fit-for-purpose ' cohort is the only way to take on Asia . "	The CNN panel -- hosted by Richard Quest -- was split on whether Europe 's manufacturing sector was in trouble Panelists agreed that there is a need for better education and less regulation in developed economies Former UK minister Digby Jones said a ` skills-fit-for-purpose ' cohort is the only way to take on Asia
CNN  -- Brazil and Portugal played out a disappointing draw as Group G reached its climax but both cruised into the last 16 of the World Cup . Striker Nilmar came the closest to breaking the deadlock for Brazil , as his shot was diverted onto the crossbar by Portugal goalkeeper Eduardo . Brazil finish as group winners and will face either Spain , Chile or Switzerland in the second round . Portugal go through as runners up and will face either Spain or Chile . Ivory Coast comfortably beat North Korea 3-0 in the group 's other match but it was n't enough to give them hope of qualifying in place of Portugal . Brazil 0-0 Portugal During a cagey opening in Durban , neither side created any chances of note in the opening 20 minutes of the game , that was dominated by a series of niggly fouls . Brazil defender Juan was lucky not to see a red card as he hand balled a long pass that would have released Cristiano Ronaldo . The first real chance came on the half hour mark as Nilmar met striker Luis Fabiano 's cross but Portugal goalkeeper Eduardo turned his effort onto the crossbar . Fabiano then headed narrowly wide of the target as he met Maicon 's cross from the right flank . Ronaldo registered Portugal 's first effort on target five minutes before the break but his powerful shot was easily gathered by Brazil goalkeeper Cesar . A series of fouls disrupted the flow of the game , as the referee produced seven yellow cards before half-time arrived -- including one to Tiago for diving . Fabiano forced Eduardo into another save with a looping header before Simao tested Cesar at the other end but his shot was right at the ` keeper . A powerful run from Ronaldo created a chance for Raul Meireles but his flick towards goal brushed the side-netting via a touch from Cesar . Substitute Ramires brought a superb save out of Eduardo near the end as his shot was deflected towards the top corner but both sides were content to hold out for a point . Ivory Coast 3-0 North Korea Ivory Coast knew they needed to rack up as many goals as possible against North Korea to have any chance of qualifying and they opened the scoring within 15 minutes . Yaya Toure collected Arthur Boka 's cross before stroking the ball into the far corner . Just a minute later , full-back Romaric hit the post . In the 20th minute striker Didier Drogba smashed a shot against the crossbar before Romaric nodded the rebound into the net . Gervinho nearly made it 3-0 seven minutes before half-time but his shot from an angle flicked off the outside of the post . Drogba came close to adding a third after the break but his diving header flew over the crossbar before substitute Salomon Kalou smashed a shot over the bar from close range . With ten minutes remaining Kalou met Boka 's cross to fire into the net and despite having two goals disallowed for offside , the Ivory Coast could n't add to their tally .	Brazil and Portugal draw 0-0 in Durban Brazil go through as group winners , Portugal as runners-up Ivory Coast beat North Korea 3-0 but fail to qualify
CNN  -- The recent snowstorm in China , which has stranded hundreds of thousands of people across the country and killed dozens , is related to the La Nina phenomenon , according to a Chinese weather expert Suzhou , China , is blanketed by the most snow the city has had in 25 years , according to I-Reporter Susan Arthur . La Nina is the opposite of El Nino , which follows El Nino and occurs every few years . During La Nina , sea temperatures over eastern equatorial Pacific are lower than normal . La Nina enhances Arctic weather systems and causes a cold winter in Asia , including in China . As warm and moisture air from the south meets cold air in the north under freezing temperatures , snow forms . "  The warm air is very active this year , " said Li Weijing , deputy director-general of the National Climate Center of China . As a result , persistent snowstorms occur in central and western China , paralyzing the transport and electricity systems . The current storm , which hit just ahead of the Lunar New Year holiday -- China 's busiest shopping season -- has shut much of the nation down . China 's transportation system and power grid have been paralyzed this week . The storm also has cost the nation 's economy $ 4.5 billion , according to figures released Wednesday by the Civil Affairs Ministry . Watch how Nanjing is coping with the unusual weather " The winter precipitation had caused at least 49 deaths due to collapsed roofs and treacherous travel conditions , the Ministry of Civil Affairs and local officials said . More than 177 million Chinese were expected to travel by train , and 22 million more by plane , for the February 7 Chinese Lunar New Year , also known as the Spring Festival . China uses a color system for its snowstorm warning : The current once-in-50-years snowstorm calls for the red warning , the first time such a warning has been issued since the system launches . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Clarence Fong contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	"  The warm air is very active this year " , said Li . Current snowstorm calls for the first-ever , most severe red warning Hundreds of thousands of people have been stranded , dozens killed
CNN  -- Martin Kaymer has claimed golf 's No. 1 ranking after reaching the final of the World Match Play tournament in Arizona on Saturday . The German toppled Englishman Lee Westwood as he first beat Spanish veteran Miguel Angel Jimenez in the quarterfinals and then ended the hopes of American Bubba Watson . The 26-year-old will face European Ryder Cup teammate Luke Donald in Sunday 's final at Dove Mountain 's Ritz-Carlton course after the Englishman made light work of his matches against Americans Ryan Moore and Matt Kuchar . "  It has taken me only five years to get to number one . For myself , my family and the people I work with , it 's a great achievement , " Kaymer told reporters . "  I was not thinking about the number one spot as I was sure I would get the opportunity again over the next few weeks , I just wanted to win the match . "  Luke is probably one of the best match-play players in the world . We get along well , but because it 's a final it will add more pressure . " Westwood had been top of the rankings since the end of October , when he ended Tiger Woods ' record reign , but he lost in the second round of the $ 8.5 million tournament . European Tour No. 1 Kaymer won both of his matches at the 18th , surviving a late rally from Jimenez after leading by four holes at 14 . Kaymer closes on golf 's top spot Jimenez -- at 47 the oldest man in the initial 64-strong field -- reduced the gap to one as Kaymer lost his accuracy , but then failed to find the green in regulation at the last . Kaymer was pegged back three times by Watson -- who earlier beat compatriot J.B. Holmes at the first extra hole of their quarterfinal -- but won 15 and 16 before the left-hander birdied 17 . Watson struggled to find the green at 18 , and Kaymer sank an eight-foot par putt to seal victory . Sunday 's opponent Donald can climb to third in the world rankings with victory in the final , which would end his five-year title title drought in U.S. events and earn him $ 1.4 million . Westwood and Mickelson crash out of Match Play The 33-year-old opened the day in fine style with a 5 & 4 win over Moore as he led from the first green , and won three holes in a row from the eighth before his fifth birdie of the match at 14 sealed it . Donald then thrashed U.S. Ryder Cup player and 2010 PGA Tour money list champion Kuchar 6 & 5 in the first semifinal to be completed . He fired six birdies in 13 holes in increasingly windy conditions at Dove Mountain 's Ritz-Carlton course . Kuchar earlier eliminated 2009 PGA Championship winner Y.E. Yang , defeating the 39-year-old Korean 2 & 1 in the quarterfinals . Woods follows Poulter out of WGC-Match Play championship Yang , who beat U.S. Open champion Graeme McDowell on Friday , was never ahead in the match and trailed by four holes after the eighth , then Kuchar matched his four consecutive pars to 17 . Watson came from 5-down after 10 holes to beat Holmes at the 19th hole , which his compatriot bogeyed to go behind for the first time in the match . The semifinals were originally scheduled for Sunday , but warnings of adverse weather meant they were brought forward . Organizers hope the final will not be disrupted by the forecast drop in temperatures which could bring snow to the desert course .	Martin Kaymer ends Lee Westwood 's reign at the top of the world golf rankings German wins twice on Saturday to reach final of World Match Play tournament He will face European Ryder Cup teammate Luke Donald in Sunday 's title match Englishman Donald can climb to third in the world rankings with victory in Arizona
Beijing  CNN  -- Chinese Premier Li Keqiang is in India on his first foreign trip since assuming the post and has begun diplomatic talks at a delicate time for the world 's two most populous nations . Just weeks ago , the world witnessed the latest chapter in one of Asia 's least understood disputes when soldiers from China 's People 's Liberation Army crossed the border and set up an encampment in the mountains at the edge of the Indian region of Ladakh . The troops have since withdrawn , but the incident served as a stark reminder of the smoldering problem that still bedevils the Asian behemoths . The origins of the struggle for this charged corner of the world lies in the realpolitik and imperialism of the 19th and 20th centuries . According to a report by the U.S. Marine Corps Command and Staff College , the British , installed in their Indian colony , attempted to demarcate their holdings with the "  Johnson Line . " CNN iReport : Indians protest China 's incursion Drawn by the surveyor , William Johnson in 1864 , it claimed the area known as Aksai Chin as part of India 's Ladakh territory . The British later repudiated the line and , in 1899 , replaced it with the Macartney-MacDonald line . The new line moved Aksai Chin back to China . After World War I , the British reversed themselves again , placing Aksai Chin back in India , but never made any effort to exert formal authority . In 1947 , newly independent India drew their border to reflect the more generous Johnson Line even though they had not exerted an iota of control over Aksai Chin for almost half a century . The Ladakh incursion puts a wrinkle on what seemed to be a burgeoning era of Sino-Indian bonhomie . In recent years , both nations have bent over backwards to demonstrate their mutual good will . Bilateral trade is expected to hit $ 100 billion by 2015 , joint military exercises were held last year  after previously being suspended  and both sides had agreed to respect a more favorable boundary for China known as the "  Line of Actual Control . " But China 's recent advance beyond the de facto border is hardly without precedent . According to The Times of India , China has violated the LAC more than 500 times since 2010 . Though experts have described many of these transgressions as "  routine , " and regular military contact exists between the two governments , any "  mistake " that were to occur by the Chinese army on Indian soil could be volatile . Particularly in China , journalist-stoked jingoism can turn even the most banal activity into an absurd ballet of face-saving . Far-fetched ? In 2002 , American soldiers in South Korea accidentally ran over and killed two 14-year-old girls . The Yangju Highway Incident , as it became known , sparked a fury of anti-American protests and severely tested the U.S.-Korea relationship -- and America was there legally . How would India and China resolve a similar incident ? "  Mistakes can be made , " said Anil Gupta , professor of strategy & globalization , at the University of Maryland at College Park and co-founder of the China-India Institute . "  However , I do not believe that either China or India is looking for a fight . " Gupta stressed that China 's latest incursion should be seen in a regional context as a test of "  muscle-flexing " and that its actions were not indicative of any real desire to acquire new territory . Muscle-flexing or not , what is certain is that in recent years China has become a very bad neighbor . Their Indian claims extend over a 6,530-kilometer  4,057-mile  border , which includes a sizeable chunk of the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh and large swaths of Bhutan . In the last year the world saw the strident revival of China 's long dormant claim to the Senkaku/Diaoyu Islands , as well as a string of others extending as far south as the James Shoal , a mere 80 kilometers  50 miles  from the Malaysian coast . While the risk of conflict between China and India will always remain until a final resolution is reached , going forward , there are reasons to believe that the two sides will be able to continue on a relatively peaceful track . China 's relationship with India is far more benign than its one with their other regional antagonist , Japan . The 1962 Sino-Indian war , fought for this very territory , is all but forgotten among Chinese citizens , while memories of Japanese hostilities during World War II are as raw as ever . As the Sinologist Susan Shirk reported in her book : "  China : Fragile Superpower , " China 's relationship with Japan is highly sensitive and thus subject to the counterproductive impulses of popular nationalism . By contrast , China 's relations with India stir no such emotions and are handled out of the spotlight with greater room to maneuver . Economics too will likely promote cooler heads . As Gupta noted , India 's importance to China will only increase as India 's economy grows . As a market for exports and investments , he predicted that India would become an invaluable partner . "  I see the next five years as high risk , " said Gupta . "  Then I think we can all be a lot more relaxed . " Unfortunately , it remains a truism that facts on the ground often move faster than governments ' ability to respond to them . In the absence of a resolution , the world can only hope that India and China succeed in kicking their differences down the road indefinitely , because if their dispute ever does come to a head , the consequences could be catastrophic . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jonathan Levine .	Chinese premier makes first foreign trip since taking role to India Visit comes weeks after Chinese troops crossed the border into India Two countries have been involved in a land dispute for more than a century Analyst says there 's no appetite for a fight between the two most populous nations
New York  CNN  -- Despite exceptional security ahead of the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks , many New Yorkers said they remain undaunted about the potential terror threat . While most were aware of the possibility of danger this weekend , many said they wo n't allow it to spoil the commemoration of those who lost their lives . "  I 've lived in New York 40 years , " said M. Lou Benard , who works for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as an event planner and lives on the Upper West Side . "  I 'm not nervous . I do n't believe the fear propaganda . " "  I wo n't let them win , " Benard added . "  Right after  the attacks  I was nervous , but now I ca n't let them win . " Ten years ago Sunday , she was on her way to work in Midtown Manhattan . Benard came out of the Chambers Street subway entrance 10 minutes after the plane hit the North Tower at the World Trade Center . "  I came out and saw the first tower on fire , " she said . "  I was in such a state of shock , I thought , who would do that ? " Though she says the sight of police wielding automatic weapons makes her nervous , she 's glad they 're there . "  It 's good they are vigilant , " Benard said . "  While I was running away , those guys were running toward it . " Lt. Michael Killeen of the New York City Fire Department 's Engine Company 23 on W. 58th Street will never forget September 11 . The engine company lost six men that day . Killeen takes the threats seriously -- "  you 'd be a fool if you did n't " -- but said that he and his fellow firefighters are in good spirits . They will hold a memorial Sunday at the firehouse . Across town in Queens , Shawn Foley -- a 33 year-old attorney who works in Manhattan -- says the terrorist threat has not changed his plans for the weekend . "  There 's so much , not just authorities , but regular people who are aware of  the recent terror threats  . " Bill Parker , a researcher for a biotech research company who lives on Manhattan 's Upper West Side , agrees that diligence on the part of authorities make him feel safe . "  I 'm relieved because of the Times Square Bomber , " said Parker , referring to the foiled car bombing of Times Square in 2010 . The attack was thwarted when two street vendors noticed the bomb , and alerted an police officer . While many talked about memorial events , others said they want to go about business as usual . Miniature replicas of the Statue of Liberty and novelty coffee mugs adorn shelves and I  heart  New York T-shirts hang on racks at a souvenir shop on 7th Avenue in Manhattan . Employee Farhana Mohammad , who works there , said she 's seen more tourists than usual over the weekend . "  I think people want to show respect to the memorial , " she said , "  They 're not scared , they just want to show support , and I 'm not scared either . " Rita Silverman , who lives on the Upper West Side , refuses to let the threat of another terror attack scare her . "  I 'm sanguine , " she said . "  If something is going to happen it 's going to happen . I 'd rather not spend my time being tense . "  I live in New York . " Those in The Big Apple are contending with random police checkpoints that caused major traffic delays and commuter headaches , but Silverman thinks the measures are worth it . "  It 's annoying in the sense that it slows you down , but for safety , the pleasures of New York outweigh any discomforts or delays , " she said . But Erfanu Hoque , a taxi driver from Queens , said the security measures have hurt his business . "  I do n't make money because I 'm stuck in traffic , " he said , sitting at a traffic light in Manhattan 's Columbus Circle . But "  I 'm not nervous about this weekend because of the security . Anything  that is  for security ... that 's okay . " At another light at Columbus Circle , police randomly selected cars out of traffic for searches . Authorities inspected the trunk of the car of Yelena Weinstein , a Brooklyn resident and Manhattan high school teacher . Just after police waived her on from the checkpoint , she said , "  I felt scared when it happened , but it 's okay . Let them search me . " Tim and Marianne Yoder , Midtown Manhattan residents , say they appreciated the security . "  I hope people cooperate , " said Tim Yoder . His wife said she is not "  nervous about this threat , we 're just proud to be Americans , and moved by the anniversary . "  It 's amazing to see the police and firemen doing their jobs , just like they did that day  10 years ago  , " she said . As Ken Bronstein , a retired businessman from the Upper East Side , reflected on the past 10 years , he said the security precautions were necessary . "  If I were the mayor I 'd do the same thing , even if there was n't a threat . " Bronstein was going to the World Trade Center on 9/11 but was held up waiting for a new refrigerator to be delivered to his apartment . "  A refrigerator saved my life . "	New Yorkers understand the need for heightened security "  Right after  the attacks  I was nervous , but now I ca n't let them win , " one woman says A resident recalls narrowly missing being in the World Trade Center
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A leader of the conservative "  Blue Dog " Democrats told CNN Wednesday he and other group members may vote to block House Democrats ' health care bill from passing a key committee if they do n't get some of the changes they want . Rep. Mike Ross , D-Arkansas , is a leading negotiator for the Blue Dog Democrats on health care . "  We remain opposed to the current bill , and we continue to meet several times a day to decide how we 're going to proceed and what amendments we will be offering as Blue Dogs on the committees , " said Rep. Mike Ross , D-Arkansas . Ross said the bill unveiled Tuesday by House Democratic leaders did not address concerns he and other conservative Democrats outlined in a letter late last week to Speaker Nancy Pelosi . The conservative Democrats do n't believe the legislation contains sufficient reforms to control costs in the health care system and believe additional savings can be found . Their letter to leaders raised concerns about new mandates on small businesses . Blue Dogs also say the bill fails to fix the inequities in the current system for health care costs for rural doctors and hospitals . The Energy and Commerce committee , along with two other House committees , is scheduled to take up the bill Thursday . Democrats outnumber Republicans 36-23 on the Energy and Commerce committee , which contains eight Blue Dogs , including Ross . If seven Democrats vote with Republicans against the bill , it would fail to advance to the House floor . Asked whether the Blue Dogs on Energy and Commerce are considering voting as a group against the bill if it remains unchanged , Ross replied , "  absolutely . " He did n't give details on changes the Blue Dogs want . But he did say he was n't satisfied with the penalty exemption for small businesses that do n't provide health insurance for employees . An earlier draft of the Democrats ' bill exempted businesses from paying a penalty if their payrolls were less than $ 100,000 . Democratic leaders raised that payroll amount to $ 250,000 .	Rep. Mike Ross : House Democrats ' bill does n't address group 's concerns Blue Dog Democrats : Bill does n't control costs in the health care system If committee 's Blue Dogs and Republicans vote against it , bill wo n't advance
CNN  The nurse in Texas seemed to have taken all the precautions needed to protect herself from Ebola . She wore a mask , gown , shield and gloves . Her patient , a man who contracted the virus in Africa , was in isolation at the Dallas hospital where she worked . And yet the woman -- whose name has not been released -- still contracted Ebola , marking the first known transmission ever in the United States . A nurse in Spain who also treated an Ebola patient also caught the virus . She is in critical condition and being treated by 50 health care workers , Spanish authorities said Monday . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Sunday there was a breach in protocol in Texas , but officials have n't elaborated on what that breach was . Instead , they said the protocols laid out for American hospitals work . So what happened ? How could a nurse at an American hospital contract the virus ? Is the situation a one-off , an instance of human error , something that probably would n't occur again ? Or could there be more to it ? How it happened On Monday morning , an official with direct knowledge of the Texas nurse 's case told CNN that CDC disease detectives have several times interviewed the Texas nurse and think there are "  inconsistencies " in the type of personal protective gear that she wore and with the process used to put the gear on and remove it . The nurse who tested positive for the virus worked at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas . CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden has said the agency is considering several possibilities as to how that breach may have happened , including whether the infection was spread when the protective equipment was removed or when the patient , Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan , received kidney dialysis or respiratory intubation . Those measures were "  a desperate measure to try to save his life , " Frieden said . "  Both of those procedures may spread contaminated materials and are considered high-risk procedures . " "  When you have potentially soiled or contaminated gloves or masks or other things , to remove those without any risk of any contaminated material ... touching you and being then on your clothes or face or skin ... is not easy to do right . " Or the problem could have been something else entirely . CNN Senior Medical Correspondent Elizabeth Cohen said precautions among health care workers can actually go overboard sometimes . The workers are supposed to double their gloves in some situations , she said . Triple gloving is a violation of CDC protocol and could make things worse . "  Then you need to take off three pairs of gloves ... gloves with infectious stuff on them , " she said . How troubling it is The CDC concedes the transmission is worrisome . "  It is possible in the coming days that we will see additional cases of Ebola , " Frieden said . That 's because others who provided care to Duncan could have had the same kind of breach as the infected nurse . The official who has direct knowledge of the Texas case told CNN that health authorities will make daily visits to dozens of Dallas health care workers who treated Duncan between September 28 and October 8 at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital . The workers have been monitoring their own health , including taking their own temperature . They were previously not considered high risk because they were wearing protective gear , the official said . The CDC is still compiling a list of health care workers who came into contact with Duncan , the official said . The public areas of the nurse 's apartment complex have been decontaminated and her neighbors have been notified . And the city of Dallas made a reverse-911 call to residents , notifying them of the city 's second Ebola case . "  I think it needs to be put into context that ... you ca n't make an extrapolation that this is now a danger more so to the American people , " said Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases . But the fear is spreading . When a passenger on a flight from New York to Los Angeles fell ill Sunday , the biggest concern was Ebola . The plane was taken to a remote gate at Los Angeles International Airport . After a few hours , officials determined the woman did not appear to have Ebola , and other passengers were allowed to leave . And in Louisiana , Attorney General Buddy Caldwell is seeking a temporary restraining order to block the disposal of incinerated waste from Duncan 's personal items at a Louisiana landfill . "  There are too many unknowns at this point , and it is absurd to transport potentially hazardous Ebola waste across state lines , " Caldwell said Sunday . What is being done President Barack Obama wants federal authorities to immediately take further measures to ensure health care workers are able to follow protocols for treating Ebola patients . Of the thousands of hospitals in the United States , only four have been training for years to deal with highly infectious diseases like Ebola : Emory University Hospital in Atlanta , The Nebraska Medical Center , the National Institutes of Health in Maryland , and Rocky Mountain Laboratories in Montana . "  They have the management , the processes , the implementation in place that if an Ebola patient comes in , just right away they know what to do , " said Gavin MacGregor-Skinner , who teaches public health preparedness at Penn State University . But if someone with symptoms of Ebola shows up at any other hospital , as Duncan did , the hospital might not be ready . "  It may not be that every single hospital is in fact prepared for this , " said David Sanders , associate professor of biology at Purdue University . "  We may have to think about regional centers that are best prepared to deal with Ebola patients . " Another step in the battle : screening . On Saturday , passengers arriving from the three countries hardest hit by Ebola started getting special screening , including having their temperature taken , at New York 's JFK airport . Washington 's Dulles , Newark , Chicago 's O'Hare and Atlanta international airports will begin screening Thursday . ` The time to act is long overdue ' The country 's largest nursing organization , National Nurses United , surveyed 2,000 members . Of them , 76 % said their hospital has n't communicated any policy about how to admit Ebola-infected patients . And 85 % said their hospital has n't provided education on Ebola where the nurses can interact and ask questions . Nurses "  are alarmed at the inadequate preparation they see at their hospitals , " said the group 's executive director , RoseAnn DeMoro . "  The time to act is long overdue , " she said .	Official : "  Inconsistencies " seen in protective gear and the way it was put on and taken off A Texas nurse contracts Ebola from a patient It 's the first known transmission of Ebola ever in the United States Hundreds of nurses say they 're unprepared to handle Ebola
