LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Carrie Prejean has filed a lawsuit against Miss California USA officials who stripped her of her title , accusing them of libel and religious discrimination for her views on same-sex marriage . Carrie Prejean was stripped of her Miss California USA title earlier this year . "  We will make the case that her title was taken from her solely because of her support of traditional marriage , " her attorney , Charles LiMandri , said in a news release . Prejean stepped into controversy at the Miss USA pageant in April when , in response to a question from a judge , she declared her opposition to same-sex marriage . Prejean finished as first runner-up . The complaint was filed in Superior Court of California against Miss California USA officials Keith Lewis and Shanna Moakler , as well as publicist Roger Neal . It alleges that Prejean suffered because of "  libel , public disclosure of private facts , religious discrimination , intentional infliction of emotional distress , and negligent infliction of emotional distress . " LiMandri had threatened to file a defamation lawsuit if Lewis did not retract statements he made about the former beauty queen . LiMandri 's letter to Lewis ' attorney also accused Lewis of setting Prejean up to be fired because of her statements opposing same-sex marriage . When Prejean , 22 , was dethroned in June , Lewis said it was for "  contract violations , " including missed public appearances . He said then it was n't one thing Prejean did , but "  many , many , many things . " "  She came to us and said I 'm not interested in your input ; I 'll make my own decision what I 'm going to do , " Lewis told CNN 's Larry King in June . "  You know , when you have a contract , when you 're working for someone , you have a responsibility to follow through on what that requirement is . " Lewis said it was clear "  she was not interesting in upholding the title or the responsibilities . " After that interview , LiMandri penned a letter to Lewis ' attorney saying , "  Carrie Prejean 's good name has been tarnished by your client 's false and defamatory accusations . " "  Please view this letter as a last opportunity for Mr. Lewis to retract the defamatory statements made against my client and to seek to restore her good name , " LiMandri wrote . He denied any contract violations by Prejean , calling those claims a "  complete and utter pretext " for her firing . The list Lewis gave to reporters of Prejean 's missed appearances was "  an outright fraud , " he said . "  She did not think it was appropriate for her to accept Mr. Lewis ' invitation to attend a gay documentary in Hollywood promoting same-sex marriage , " he said . "  It was not my client 's job , as Miss California , simply to help your client promote his personal or business interests as a Hollywood agent and producer , or gay activist . " Miss USA pageant owner Donald Trump announced in May that Prejean could keep her title despite a controversy over topless photos , missed appearances and her statements against same-sex marriage . Trump later reversed himself . "  I told Carrie she needed to get back to work and honor her contract with the Miss California USA organization , and I gave her the opportunity to do so , " Trump said . "  Unfortunately , it just does n't look like it is going to happen , and I offered Keith my full support in making this decision . "	Carrie Prejean was stripped of Miss California USA title earlier this year Prejean claims she suffered because of officials ' statements , actions Prejean was involved in controversy after statements about same-sex marriage
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Hong Kong is on high alert after an Indonesian domestic helper contracted the city 's first human case of H7N9 avian flu , the city 's government says . The 36-year-old maid is in hospital in a critical condition , Ko Wing-man , Hong Kong 's secretary for food and health said in a statement . The woman had recently traveled to Shenzhen , the mainland Chinese city nearest to Hong Kong , where she bought , slaughtered and ate a chicken , Ko added . Her close contacts have also been isolated in hospital . What to know about avian flu Ko said that Hong Kong had raised its level of preparedness for an influenza pandemic to "  serious . " Human infections from the H7N9 strain of bird flu first emerged in Shanghai in March this year and within weeks more than 100 cases were confirmed , according to the World Health Organization . Study finds evidence of first human-to-human transmission of H7N9 bird flu However , the number of cases dropped dramatically after the closing of live poultry markets in affected areas , the WHO said . So far , there is no evidence of sustained human-to-human transmission , it added . As of November 6 , the WHO said it had been informed of a total of 139 laboratory-confirmed human cases of the H7N9 virus , including 45 deaths . From ducks to chickens to deadly virus Ko said Hong Kong said it had suspended the import of live chickens from three farms in Shenzhen and would inspect Hong Kong chicken farms and poultry wholesale markets . Hong Kong takes the threat of new disease extremely seriously after Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome or SARS first emerged in the city in 2003 . The outbreak went on to infect 8,096 people and kill 744 worldwide . On Monday , Shanghai said it will suspend live poultry trading from January 31 until April 30 to prevent a recurrence of this year 's bird flu outbreak , according to state-run news agency Xinhua . CDC director : A disease outbreak anywhere is a risk everywhere	Indonesian domestic helper in critical condition after contracting Hong Kong 's first human case of H7N9 avian flu The woman had recently travelled to mainland China and slaughtered a live chicken Hong Kong had raised its level of preparedness for an influenza pandemic to "  serious " Human infections from the H7N9 strain of bird flu first emerged in Shanghai in March this year
CNN  -- Longtime "  American Idol " judge Simon Cowell said he 'll be leaving the popular Fox talent show at the end of the season , the network announced Monday at the Television Critics Association press tour in Pasadena , California . Cowell 's popular U.K. talent show , "  The X Factor , " will be coming to the United States in the fall of 2011 with the acerbic critic in tow , according to Fox . "  I want to leave ` Idol ' this year bigger and better than it was in the past , " Cowell said at the TCA tour Monday . Cowell will be both executive producer and judge on "  The X Factor . " "  I 'm thrilled that we have put a date on the launch of the U.S. version of ` The X Factor , ' and delighted to be continuing to work with Fox , " said Cowell in a statement . "  We have a fantastic relationship , a great team and are all very excited about this . " iReport : Will you watch "  Idol " without Simon ? Speculation has raged for weeks as to Cowell 's future . Though he 's well paid for his "  Idol " work -- an estimated $ 36 million per season -- he has expressed a desire to focus on "  The X Factor . " Cowell said at the press session that it 's taken some time to reach an agreement for his new duties , hence the buzz .  Indeed , he signed the last page of his "  contract " on stage with Fox executives Peter Rice and Kevin Reilly . " -LSB- I -RSB- did n't think it was right to do two shows in America at the same time , so -LSB- I -RSB- decided to leave one and start another , " he said . He said he missed Paula Abdul , the former "  Idol " judge who left the show in August , but would n't confirm or deny whether she would appear on "  X Factor " in the U.S. Cowell and Abdul had a good-naturedly contentious relationship on "  Idol , " with the tough-minded Brit often acting as bad cop to the "  Forever Your Girl " singer 's good cop . Ellen DeGeneres , who 's taking over Abdul 's judging slot , joked about Cowell 's announcement on her talk show Monday -- getting in a dig at NBC 's late-night troubles as well . "  So this just happened , Simon Cowell just announced that he 's leaving ` Idol . ' This will be his last season . He announced he 's leaving on my first day . I 'm trying not to take it personally , " she said . "  But seriously , I am going to be very , very sad to see him go , because I think he 's made the show what it is . He 's a huge part of that show but he wanted a change . I wish him all the luck in the world hosting ` The Tonight Show , ' " said DeGeneres , referring to widespread speculation about how NBC will resolve its issues with its late-night talk shows . In reality , of course , Simon Cowell has not been part of that speculation . Since its premiere in 2002 , "  Idol " has been an entertainment phenomenon , regularly ranking as TV 's top show , creating several musical stars and pulling in millions more viewers than its closest competition . Its new season premieres Tuesday . Cowell 's presence has been credited as a major reason . The British music executive was a judge on the British version of "  Idol , " "  Pop Idol , " and came to the United States when Fox imported the show . Unlike judges on many American talent shows , Cowell did n't sugar-coat his criticisms to contestants . With the show 's growing popularity -- by its fourth season it was the top show on television , a rank it has held ever since -- Cowell and fellow "  Idol " players Abdul , judge Randy Jackson and amiable host Ryan Seacrest became stars in their own right . Though the show continues to dominate American TV , ratings have started sliding in "  Idol 's " past two seasons . But Cowell told the TCA audience he had no doubt about the show 's future . It will "  continue to be the No. 1 show " in the country , Cowell said . The show has given him "  the best days of my life . " Asked who should replace him , he jokingly suggested Seacrest , with whom Cowell has also good-naturedly tangled . The Fox executives said they 're not going to rush to find Cowell 's replacement . CNN 's KJ Matthews contributed to this story .	Simon Cowell leaving "  American Idol " after this season Cowell 's "  The X Factor " coming to U.S. in 2011 Cowell 's acerbic commentary has been a big reason for "  Idol 's " popularity
CNN  The family of a sword-carrying man who was killed in September has filed a federal civil rights lawsuit against the city of Saratoga Springs , Utah , and the two officers who shot him . Darrien Hunt , 22 , was shot to death while carrying a 40-inch samurai-type sword . Prosecutors said that Hunt "  lunged " at two officers , Cpl. Matt Schauerhamer and Officer Nicholas Judson and their actions were reasonable . The medical examiner 's autopsy report determined Hunt was shot six times , once in the back . The lawsuit alleges that under the Second Amendment , Hunt had a right to carry the sword and the two officers did not have a right to demand that he surrender . The suit contends that Hunt was shot while he was fleeing , that police used excessive force and that the officers ' actions "  manifested malicious , reckless , and callous indifference to the rights and very life of Darrien Hunt . " "  They demanded that he give up his sword -- they had no right to do that . He was causing no harm , " family attorney Robert Sykes said . "  They provoked an incident with this peaceful man . " At a press conference on Friday , Sykes said the family will ask for more than $ 2 million in damages . Police and prosecutors say that their actions were justified . And they have rejected claims of racial profiling . The officers responded to a report of a "  suspicious individual walking around a local business with a ` samurai-type ' sword , " Chief Deputy Tim Taylor of the prosecutor 's office said in a statement . Hunt was speaking with the police officers and was calm and nonconfrontational , according to Utah County Attorney Jeff Buhman . He then "  abruptly and without any apparent provocation withdrew the sword from its sheath and immediately swung or stabbed it toward least one of the officers , " Buhman said . In November , Buhman called the use of deadly force "  reasonable " and said that no criminal prosecution would be brought against the officers . "  Preliminary evidence suggests that Mr. Hunt brandished the sword and lunged toward the officers with the sword , at which time Mr. Hunt was shot , " Taylor said . CNN reached out to an attorney for the city , but did not receive an immediate response Friday . Hunt 's mother , Susan , told CNN affiliate KSL her son was killed because he was black . "  No white boy with a little sword would they shoot while he 's running away , " she said . CNN 's Holly Yan , Jethro Mullen and Amanda Watts contributed to this report	Darrien Hunt was shot to death while brandishing a samurai-type sword The family will ask for more than $ 2 million , says lawyer Prosecutors say Hunt lunged at police , but the family says he was shot while running
CNN  -- "  New Moon , " the latest film in "  The Twilight Saga " is doing record business at the box office . In its opening weekend the film grossed $ 140.7 million -- more than any other film with an autumn release in history . The tales of teenage vampire love based on the best-selling books by Stephanie Meyer have wooed film-goers without having to resort to acres of flesh being on display . This distinct lack of on-screen sex runs contrary to the popular trend of portraying teenagers on screen as playing fast and loose with their virginity and affections . Love and the importance of relationships most definitely rule in "  The Twilight Saga " and the formula is proving popular with audiences . Elizabeth Morowitz , Communications Professor at the University of Missouri and author of "  Bitten By Twilight " thinks that this more sensitive approach is the key to the film 's success . "  A lot of people ask ` what 's so appealing about the Twilight and why is it popular now ? ' and we think it 's because of the relationships and the messages about love in Twilight . In a more conservative environment we 've had this push for abstinence education , so we now have a media message that 's more congruent with that . So perhaps some teens relate to it in that way , " Morowitz told CNN 's Katie Walmsley . The director of "  New Moon " Chris Weitz says that sexual abstinence is central to the film 's appeal . "  It 's not that they ca n't have sex , they choose not to and I think there 's so much popular culture that 's saying to young people : ` you 'll be cool if you have sex ' or ` it 's important to be sexy ' whereas this series really concentrates on matters of the heart and spirit and I think that 's lovely , " Weitz told CNN . A dashing male lead , in the shape of Robert Pattison does n't hurt either when you 're trying to attract a female teenage audience . But whatever the exact recipe for its undoubted success it looks like teenagers in the "  Twilight " world do n't like to bite off more than they can chew .	"  The Twilight Saga : New Moon " is breaking records at the box office Film contains plenty of sexual tension but no sex scenes Twilight Saga concentrates on matters of the heart and spirit says director Chris Weitz
CNN  -- A father and son who tread water for more than 12 hours in the Atlantic Ocean before being rescued spent much of the time in the dark seas not knowing if the other was alive , authorities said Monday . A U.S. Coast Guard rescue swimmer gives a thumbs up after reaching Chris Marino . Walter Marino , 46 , and his son Chris Marino , who has autism , were swimming in the Ponce Inlet , south of Daytona Beach , Florida , on Saturday when currents pulled the 12-year-old boy out to sea . His father jumped in to try to save Chris but was also pulled out to sea . Family members called 911 , but by the time rescue units arrived , the father and son could no longer be seen , officials said . The U.S. Coast Guard , the Volusia County Beach Patrol and the sheriff 's office immediately launched a search-and-rescue mission using helicopters , boats and personal watercraft to try to find the Winter Park , Florida , father and son . " -LSB- We were -RSB- floating , " Walter Marino told CNN affiliate WKMG-TV after the rescue . "  We were floating and just waiting for help to come . " Watch the father thank rescuers " Hoping to find the pair alive , the Coast Guard searched from Saturday night until early Sunday morning before suspending the search because of darkness , Coast Guard officials told CNN . Coast Guard officials told Lt. j.g. David Birky that he would be part of a backup crew to relieve the team from the night before . Birky told CNN the crew was set to do a search when the sun came up , but received a call while they were en route that a good Samaritan boat found Walter Marino about 7:30 a.m. Birky , the co-pilot of the crew , told CNN that after the father was found , they began searching that area for his son . Chris Marino was found two hours later , three miles from where his father was rescued . The Coast Guard lifted the boy into a helicopter , and both father and son were taken to Halifax Medical Center in Daytona Beach , where they were in good condition . Both were treated for dehydration , according to WKMG-TV . "  The Coast Guard rocks , " Walter Marino said as he was being transported to the hospital , according to WKMG-TV . "  God bless the Coast Guard . " While Walter Marino praised the Coast Guard for its rescue efforts , Birky said the true praise goes to the father and his young son . "  That kid is an amazing kid , " Birky said . "  To tread water for almost 14 hours , I do n't know about you , but I do n't think I could do that . They have amazing willpower to be able to do it . "	Son swept out to sea by currents , father jumped in after him At some point , father and son were separated by three miles Father : "  We were floating and just waiting for help to come " Boater finds father , Coast Guard rescues autistic son two hours later
CNN  -- Filipino government officials and Muslim rebel leaders signed a landmark peace deal Monday aimed at ending a long-running insurgency in the nation 's troubled south . The provisional accord paves the way for a new autonomous region to be administered by Muslims in Mindanao , according to President Benigno Aquino III , who met with the rebels at the presidential palace in Manila . "  Today , we sign a framework agreement that can finally seal a genuine , lasting peace in Mindanao , " Aquino said in a speech . The deal sets up mechanisms to tackle issues such as power structure and revenues in the southern region , which will be named Bangsamoro . The new region is expected to replace the current one by 2016 , when the president 's term ends , according to officials . The Moro Islamic Liberation Front has fought for decades to set up an independent Islamic state in southern Philippines , having been blamed for a host of attacks and skirmishes that have left tens of thousands dead . Yet even as this violence unfolded , rebels have been negotiating for 15 years with officials from the Manila-based government . Aquino has said the agreement "  brings all former secessionist groups into the fold , " and that the Moro Islamic Liberation Front is no longer seeking to form a new nation . The rebel group 's chairman , Al Haj Murad Ebrahim , was present at the agreement 's signing . Murad 's group is estimated to have 12,000 members , but military sources say it may have splintered when government troops conducted offensives in 2000 . The new name of Bangsamoro "  symbolizes and honors the struggles of our forebears in Mindanao , and celebrates the history and character of that part of our nation , " according to Aquino . Ex-Philippines president arrested	NEW : The new accord can "  seal a genuine , lasting peace , " Aquino says Rebels have been fighting for independence from the Philippines for years The agreement is to create a new autonomous region administered by Muslims The region in the southern Philippines will be called Bangsamoro
CNN  -- The new season of "  Dancing With the Stars " will feature a "  Duck Dynasty " star , a race car driver and one half of the comedy duo Cheech and Chong . Hosts Tom Bergeron and Erin Andrews announced the fresh crop of 13 contestants Thursday on ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " This season 's cast includes : • Alfonso Ribeiro : What are the odds we 'll get through season 19 without "  The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air " alum doing "  The Carlton " ? Ribeiro has been trading on dance skills more often lately ; the 42-year-old actor hosted a flash mob in 2012 . He 'll be partnered with pro dancer Witney Carson . • Sadie Robertson : The "  Duck Dynasty " star admitted that her family does n't have a ton of dancing experience , but she 's thinking she 'll get to practice with Uncle Si . Robertson will be partnered off with Mark Ballas on the show . • Michael Waltrip : The pro race car driver is coming out from behind the wheel to step into a pair of dancing shoes . He 'll perform with pro partner Emma Slater . • Lolo Jones : If you know anything about Jones , you know the Olympic athlete is n't afraid of a challenge . At the 2014 Winter Olympics , the track-and-field star switched to icier conditions as a member of the American women 's bobsled team . We 'll see how she holds up against her "  Dancing " competition with partner Keo Motsepe . • Jonathan Bennett : Well-known for his role as the swoon-worthy Aaron Samuels in 2004 's "  Mean Girls , " Bennett apparently always had a dream to compete on "  Dancing . " "  Ever since I saw the first episode , I was like ' I want to be on that show , ' " Bennett said on "  Good Morning America . " He 's paired with Allison Holker . • Lea Thompson : "  Back to the Future " fans know Thompson as Lorraine Baines . But starting in September , the actress will be testing her ballroom skills with pro Artem Chigvintsev by her side . • Antonio Sabato Jr. : After starring on soaps such as "  General Hospital " and "  Melrose Place , " Sabato is gunning for a different kind of drama with "  Dancing With the Stars . " The actor and model will compete with pro dancer Cheryl Burke showing him the ropes . • Randy Couture : The champion mixed martial artist is now going to throw down on the dance floor . Couture , who 's also gaining a reputation as an actor in "  The Expendables " franchise , will be paired with Karina Smirnoff . • Janel Parrish : Parrish is known as the cunning Mona Vanderwaal on ABC Family 's "  Pretty Little Liars , " but fans have never seen her dancing skills . They will now as Parrish takes the floor with pro partner Val Chmerkovskiy . • Tommy Chong : Chong of Cheech and Chong fame has found a new partner in "  Dancing " pro Peta Murgatroyd . • Betsey Johnson : If nothing else , expect some creative costumes from designer Johnson , who 'll be dancing with pro partner Tony Dovolani this season . • Bethany Mota : The YouTube star and beauty expert has more than 7 million subscribers on the platform , and we bet a healthy number of them are going to tune in to watch her perform with pro Derek Hough . • Tavis Smiley : As he approaches his 50th birthday , the media personality swore to himself that he 'd do one last "  foolish " thing -- and "  Dancing With the Stars " is it . "  I 'm going to get serious after 50 , " joked Smiley , who 's partnered with Sharna Burgess . The contestants will go before a judges ' panel that includes a returning Julianne Hough . Like her brother , Derek , Hough has also been a pro dancer on the competition . She will be at the judges ' table with Len Goodman , Carrie Ann Inaba and Bruno Tonioli . The new season of "  Dancing With the Stars " will premiere at 8 p.m. ET September 15 on ABC .	Hosts Tom Bergeron and Erin Andrews announce new cast of "  Dancing With the Stars " It includes a race car driver , a "  Duck Dynasty " star and one half of Cheech and Chong Season 19 will premiere September 15 on ABC
CNN  -- Cesc Fabregas is returning to London and the English Premier League after the Spain international signed for Chelsea from Barcelona Thursday . The midfielder , who started his career with Barcelona , spent eight years with Chelsea 's London rivals Arsenal between 2003 and 2011 , before rejoining the Catalan club . "  Firstly I 'd like to thank everyone at Barcelona where I enjoyed three wonderful years , " said Fabregas , who has joined Chelsea on a five-year contract , in a statement on the club 's website . "  It was my childhood club and I 'll always be proud and honored that I had a chance to play for such a great team , " added the 27-year-old , who is on World Cup duty with Spain in Brazil . Chelsea finished third last season , securing the EPL 's third European Champions League automatic qualifying spot . In manager Jose Mourinho 's first season back in charge at Stamford Bridge , Chelsea also reached the Champions League semifinals before being knocked out by Atletico Madrid . Fabregas ' arrival gives Mourinho a wealth of midfield talent , given Chelsea 's Portuguese manager already has Eden Hazard , Oscar , Ramires , Nemanja Matic and John Obi Mikel at his disposal . "  I do feel that I have unfinished business in the Premier League and now is the right time to return , " said Fabregas , who played over 300 games for Arsenal during his first spell in England but won just one trophy -- the FA Cup in 2005 . "  I considered all the other offers very carefully and I firmly believe that Chelsea is the best choice . They match my footballing ambitions with their hunger and desire to win trophies . "  They have an amazing squad of players and an incredible manager . I 'm fully committed to this team and I ca n't wait to start playing . " Barcelona , which failed to retain the Spanish title last season , issued a statement thanking Fabregas for his "  professionalism and dedication " during his time at the Nou Camp . The Spanish club will reportedly receive an upfront payment of $ 45.4 million for Fabregas , though the transfer fee could rise with contractual add-ons . Chelsea are also reportedly keen to sign another La Liga player -- Atletico Madrid 's Spain international striker Diego Costa .	Cesc Fabregas signs five-year contract with Chelsea Spain midfielder moves to London for second time from Barcelona Fabregas , 27 , is on World Cup duty with Spain in Brazil He is hoping to win trophies after a barren season in Spain
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Two years ago , the sight of pristine-looking peas that had arrived all the way from Kenya to London made an impression on a would-be entrepreneur , Jenny Dawson . The peas had been tossed aside at a wholesale food market , getting ready to be sent to the landfill . Soon after that , on a friend 's farm , crates of apples , deemed too small for their buyer , were left out to rot . Seeing all this waste pushed Dawson , 27 , who formerly worked for a hedge fund , to start a business using surplus produce . The model for Rubies in the Rubble , her jam and chutney business , was born , with the goal using food that would otherwise get tossed to create foods that people would buy . "  Preserves seemed almost a natural thing to be doing with a glut of fruit and veg , because it then lasts up to 10 months , " Dawson said . Infographic : Food waste ; From farm to fork and landfill The massive global problem of food waste has received more attention in recent years , and the figures are staggering . A U.N. report estimated last year that around the world , one-third of all food produced for human consumption is wasted . Many food banks now collect leftover foods from hotels and restaurants and redistribute them to those in need . Composting has become a common method of recycling food as fertilizer or soil amendment . Interactive : Businesses making the most of our food waste But businesses like Dawson 's have also cropped up to make use of food items that would otherwise end up in landfills . Awareness campaigns have helped the cause , she said , and change can be felt in the initiatives taken by supermarkets and restaurants . Waitrose , the U.K.-based supermarket chain , in October achieved its goal of sending zero food waste to landfills . Instead , unwanted food is donated or sent to anaerobic digestion plants to convert the material into biogas . Other major U.K. retailers are following suit , with Marks & Spencer announcing similar plans . And Dawson says consumers ' attitudes have changed too . "  Two years ago , people did n't like the word ` food waste , ' because people wanted to be seen as having the best , having the perfect thing , " she said . "  Then as organic and being homegrown started to creep in , people actually liked the strange-shaped carrots or the small , different apples because it felt more organic and homegrown . " In California , two entrepreneurs saw an opportunity in the mounds of coffee grounds thrown out each day by cafes in their own neighborhood . They now run a thriving business based on reusing waste . Interactive : Human misery behind high food prices Nikhil Arora and Alejandro Velez were business students at the University of California , Berkeley , when they first heard in class that mushrooms could be grown entirely on discarded coffee grounds . The concept piqued their interest and led to the formation of Back to the Roots , a business that has gone from farming mushrooms to selling mushroom-growing kits , all relying on used coffee that gets thrown out by 35 cafes in and around Berkeley . Read : How severe weather impacts the global food supply "  Since day one , our first vision for this company , why we fell in love with it , was this idea of ` waste to food ' and ` waste to wages , ' â $ " that you could create a really cool company in an urban setting , create really good jobs out of what was waste , and something about that was so powerful to us , " Arora said . The company 's main product , a mushroom-growing kit , is a cardboard box that houses a plastic bag filled with coffee grounds and mushroom spawn . Slit open the bag and mist the contents with water , and pearl oyster mushrooms will begin to grow , until they are spilling out the side of the box , reaching their full-grown size in about 10 days . Quiz : Test your knowledge of Xmas excess Back to the Roots has sold 300,000 of the kits in the U.S. at outlets like Whole Foods , Nordstrom , and Bed Bath and Beyond stores . Arora said they use "  a massive stack " of coffee grounds per day , and it comes to about 18,000 kilograms of reused grounds per week . However he realizes it is still but a tiny contribution to relieving the amount of food products that go to waste . "  We know our mushroom kit 's not going to solve world hunger , it 's not going to themselves reduce the entire issue . " Arora hopes that growing one 's own food could bring to individuals , especially children , a greater awareness of where food comes from . And he says that the idea easily engages a wide spectrum of the public , from foodies to children to environmentally-conscious people . "  We like to say if you 're sitting on a flight , no matter who you 're sitting next to , you could talk to them about this mushroom kit , " he said .	Annually around one third of all food produced is wasted , according to U.N. Entrepreneurs are starting businesses to turn food waste into something wanted Used coffee grounds provide basis for Back to the Roots business
LONDON , England  CNN  -- At London Fashion Week , all eyes are usually on the clothes . Egyptian Azza Fahmy is one of the Arab world 's preeminent jewelry designers But the Arab and Islamic-influenced brooches , bracelets , necklaces and rings adorning the models heading down Julien Macdonald 's catwalk are also getting attention . They are part of a collaboration between the fashion powerhouse and former British Designer of the Year and Egyptian jewelry designer , Azza Fahmy . "  I really love the craft and the skill and the romance that goes into the pieces . So , that teamed with my sense of high octane glamour and my London high living twist is a great mix and a contrast . And that 's what I like , " Macdonald enthused to CNN . In return , "  Azza Fahmy Jewellery " gets international exposure , to the likes of Vanity Fair , The Wall Street Journal and OK ! . But do n't -- as one London paper did -- call the catwalk collection "  designer bling . " "  It 's quite a deep and nice collection -- not bling bling . I hate bling bling collections , " Fahmy exclaims . Starting at $ 250 to ` the sky 's - the-limit ' , Fahmy 's pioneering blends of gold , silver and precious stones , makes her one of the Arab world 's preeminent jewelry designers . The only problem is , a mere 30 percent of these ` jewels of the Nile ' are sold outside Egypt -- Fahmy was missing out on the lucrative Gulf Arab market . One of the challenges of marketing designer jewelry in the Middle East is getting past the traditional mentality that measures an item 's worth not by exceptional finishes but by its weight in grams and karats . To do well in the East , Fahmy and her daughters Fatma and Amina steered the family business to the West . It started with the Julien Macdonald collaboration , and now exclusive Western stores like Kabiri , Harrods and Harvey Nichols are selling their jewelry . Arabs tend to imitate Western spending habits , paying big money for luxury foreign items like Bulgari or Cartier -- but they do n't give the same attention to their own Arab brands . Fahmy believes that as her jewelry becomes popular in the West -- more Middle Eastern buyers will follow suit . The marketing strategy seems to be working . Her team says the collections now sell in the U.A.E. , Qatar and Bahrain . Next stop -- Saudi Arabia . "  To have a product which stands beside Cartier , etcetera -- it 's a challenge . But we are sure of the ourselves because we are presenting something special , something which is different from all these brands , " Fahmy said . At her workshop on the outskirts of Cairo , Fahmy 's craftsmen work in the belief they 're turning precious metal into something different -- art . Fahmy 's daughter , Amina Ghaly , works for the family business as a designer and says there 's value in the design , the marketing and workmanship poured into each item . "  At least 20 to 25 people will have touched that piece just to have one perfect piece at the end , " Ghaly explained . In the 60 's , Fahmy was the first woman to apprentice in Egypt 's jewelry district . The one-time government employee used to run a one-woman shop in her spare time . Today , more than 180 employees drill , solder , hammer and file under her watchful eye , crafting two to three thousand pieces every year . The luxury goods market is a crowded one , as Fahmy well knows : "  Like any business , it 's not a joke , " says the designer . Going to the West to find a better footing in the East is seriously savvy move . A move that could lead to future success on the catwalk -- and with more consumers worldwide .	Azza Fahmy is Egypt 's preeminent jewelry designer She collaborated with fashion designer , Julien Macdonald on his A/W '08 collection International exposure has increased sales in the lucrative Middle East markets Azza Fahmy on the competitive luxury industry : "  Like any business , it 's not joke "
CNN  -- This week , I had the chance to sit down and speak to Joel Osteen , pastor of Lakewood Church , the largest church in America . If you do n't immediately recognize the name , you will certainly remember his perfectly coiffed thick head of hair , megawatt smile and most of all his optimism , which I would best describe as indefatigable . You feel good just being around a guy like him . I did . If you watch him closely during the interview , you will often see him look up to the sky when answering a question . While I know many people who have difficulty maintaining eye contact , that was n't the case for Osteen . Instead , it almost appeared as if he was seeking out some divine inspiration for the answers to the questions I was about to ask him . We covered a lot of ground . Despite what you see on television , Osteen does have bad days . He has found that the start of any day will determine what kind of day you are going to have . So , he spends a few moments every morning thinking of all the things for which he is grateful . He also cleanses out the negative thoughts , from "  I am not talented , and nothing good is in my future , " to "  I am a person of destiny , headed for greatness . " He also took time to remind me that "  sacrifice " around the holidays will be rewarded . We were talking about the festive nature of the season , but also the particular challenges for people in the sandwich generation -- those taking care of their children and their parents . "  We 're not always going to have our loved ones , " said Osteen , whose father passed away in 1999 . It was powerful stuff , and it made us both just a little misty-eyed . It immediately conjures up images of your own parents and their mortality . Dr. Gupta : Saving Emma in the storm Listening to all Joel Osteen has to say , of course you will agree with him , despite the fact he does n't often take a stance on hot-button issues , instead deferring to God as the ultimate decision-maker . Surely , these are not new messages , but they do need frequent reminding and refreshing , especially when times are tough . It was the next topic , however , that I really wanted to explore with Joel : the intersection between faith , science and healing . He started by telling the story of his own mother , Dodie Osteen , who was diagnosed with terminal cancer back in 1981 . She was told "  there was no treatment that could be given to her . " It was liver cancer , and she was just 48 years old . Osteen told me , "  She prayed , she believed , and she quoted scripture . Thirty-something years later , she 's alive . " Osteen is describing a sort of faith healing or at least the power of prayer , and it is an issue that deeply divides the medical community . According to Gallup polls , 92 % of Americans believe in God . And 80 % believe in the power of God or prayer to improve the course of their illness . We know that many people turn to God during times of illness , either in public or private . It is a profoundly human response , but also based on belief in some mechanism that we ca n't explain . Critics worry that studying prayer relies on the assumption of supernatural intervention , which will always place it outside the realm of science . At its worst , they say , people may rely solely on prayer instead of proven , effective treatments . It is not that science has n't tried to prove and even describe the impact of prayer on healing . A review of nearly 50 studies involving 125,000 people showed those with low levels of religious involvement had odds of early mortality that were 1.29 times higher than for those with high levels of religious involvement . Religious groups such as Mormons , Seventh-day Adventists and Amish have lower rates of heart disease and cancer . Dr. Gupta : Better health not about Obamacare , it 's about you There has also been a fair amount of research into the mechanism of psychoneuroendocrinology , the relationship between psychology , endocrinology and neuroscience -- in other words , the interactions between the mind , hormones and brain . That could account for the results Herbert Benson cites about the positive impact of prayer on heart disease . Part of the conflict for the medical community is that many of the studies show variable results even within the same groups of people . Critics worry aloud that you simply ca n't make prayer consistent -- or ever "  dose " it like a medicine . When it comes to the power of prayer , though , proponents and critics do find some common ground . They both cite evidence that when it comes to our health , prayers and faith may have less to do about God than it does with optimism overall . It 's the same optimism that Osteen embodies . It may have more to do with the resulting social network , improved coping skills and health activities promoted by many churches . We are more comfortable explaining the impact on health by remembering that religious people are less likely to engage in smoking and alcohol abuse . They are more likely to inquire about each other 's health and remind their loved ones to get checked out . While writing this , I realized it is quite possible we will never have the answers we want , because the intersection between religion and science can never be fully explored . That would require trying to "  reduce it to basic elements than can be quantified , and that makes for bad science and bad religion , " according to Dr. Richard Sloan , author of the book "  Blind Faith . " It does n't mean , however , that we will stop trying . This intersection will capture our imagination as human beings as long as we are around . I did want to point out one of the more remarkable findings in a study from the American Heart Journal on this topic . It showed people were more likely to suffer complications if they knew someone was praying for them . Go ahead , read that sentence again . No matter your point of view , how do you explain that ? Nobody knows for sure , but it could be that those people did n't typically have prayer or faith in their daily lives , and only relied on it when things had become particularly bleak or desperate . They may have thought , "  I must be close to death , " if they were now resorting to prayer . When I asked Osteen about that , he immediately nodded and agreed with that explanation . But he immediately reminded me , that is the nature of faith -- the belief that it will work -- and the benefits of that optimism flow from it . It turns out that truly understanding optimism and relying on it to help you during tough times requires practicing it on a daily basis , and that may be the most important message Joel Osteen gives us this holiday season .	Many people turn to God during times of illness Science has tried to prove , describe the impact of prayer on healing It 's quite possible we 'll never have the answers we want
CNN  -- This week 's special unveiling the top Grammy nominations was a 60-minute encapsulation of the year in music : There was Lady Gaga , of course , a Nicki Minaj sighting , a glimpse of Katy Perry and another of Bruno Mars . But the five-letter name on everyone 's lips was Adele , the British singer who picked up six nominations and managed to steal the show without even being there . Screaming commenced when her name was mentioned , Entertainment Weekly reports , and the love was so widespread , her competition joined in . "  She 's the coolest , most down-to-earth woman , and of course she has a voice like an angel and her album is incredible , " Bruno Mars , who 's also up for six Grammys and is vying for album of the year with the singer , told CNN . Thinking about that , he joked , "  Damn it , why am I up against Adele ?! " Country singer Jason Aldean expressed his sympathies for "  anybody who has to go up against Adele . " He admitted , "  I was actually hoping that if we did get a nomination , it would n't be any category with her in it . "  His hopes came true : Aldean is up for best country solo performance , best country duo/group performance and best country album honors . The 23-year-old Adele has had a banner year since releasing her second album , "  21 , " in February , and her singles "  Rolling In the Deep " and "  Someone Like You " have been impossible to escape .  She 's had to cancel her remaining 2011 appearances to have throat-related surgery but is expected to make a full recovery . But does her success make her unbeatable ? If not , then pretty close to it , industry observers say . Spin magazine 's editor-in-chief , Steve Kandell , said he is fairly convinced . The Grammys can surprise you , he said , but Adele is a unique artist . Whereas some of her competitors may incite arguments about talent , "  with Adele , you just have a singer , in the very classic sense , " Kandell said . "  She may not be your favorite , but you ca n't deny that she 's good at what she does . " Frankly , he 's expecting the young star "  to win everything that is n't nailed down . ... Every now and then there 's a juggernaut that 's the perfect mix of huge commercial success  the album recently went quadruple platinum  and critical acceptance . " That 's not to diminish the talents and achievements of the other players who are also in the running , said Bill Werde , Billboard 's editorial director , but rather to view "  21 " as a different beast . "  Kanye  West  put out a really good album ; Kanye and Jay-Z put out a really good album ; Bruno Mars has emerged as a really powerful songwriter ; and Katy Perry this year set Billboard chart records . It 's been a phenomenal year for music , " Werde said . And yet , "  When you talk about Adele 's year , it 's hard to make the case , from a recorded music perspective , that anyone else is even in the same arena , " he continued . "  What the Grammy voters tend to love are albums that are both critically successful and commercially successful , and she is an arrow in the heart of that bull 's - eye this year . ... It 's like Adele and everyone else when it comes to sales , and at the same time , she did it with an album that 's incredible . " To top it off , added MTV Hive 's managing editor , Jessica Robertson , she 's got the back story : "  This album  ' 21 '  was born from heartache ; she was lovelorn . She 's an unlikely pop star in the first place , and then she goes on with this amazing voice to triumph , " Robertson said . Basically , she 's "  served on a Grammy platter . " Of course , there are no guarantees . Robertson said she sees the Foo Fighters bringing some heat for the industry darling in the album of the year category , and Werde noted that Grammy predictions are hit-or-miss . "  To be honest , I 'm expecting it to be a big night for Adele , " Werde said . "  But  it 's in the voters ' hands , and if I 've learned one thing about predicting Grammy votes over the last 10 years , it 's that no one is particularly good at it . " Interestingly enough , the artist consistently mentioned as the one who could have stepped on Adele 's toes for album of the year is none other than Kanye West , who was n't even nominated in that category . The 34-year-old rapper received seven nominations , including a song of the year nod for "  All of the Lights , " a category in which he 'll face Adele 's "  Rolling In the Deep . " But it was the album of the year miss for West 's "  My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy " that left many incredulous . "  Kanye certainly deserved an album of the year nomination , and I was pretty surprised that he did n't , " Robertson said . "  I think if anyone could beat Adele in that category , it would be Kanye , or at least rival her . But he did n't really have the momentum with this album as with previous albums , and certainly not in comparison to Adele 's ' 21 . ' " Robertson also has a theory that West may have split the vote by also putting out another critically recognized album with Jay-Z , "  Watch the Throne . " If West had been nominated , said Spin 's Kandell , the race for the album of the year honor would 've been a tight one . As it stands though , he said , "  If I 'm another nominee , I 'm happy to be there . "	Industry observers says British singer Adele may be the one to beat at the Grammys Magazine editor says there 's no denying Adele 's talent , even if you 're not a fan Singer scored six nominations this year for her album "  21 "
CNN  -- NASA scientists say new data provided by twin spacecraft analyzing the sun will help them more accurately predict how so-called solar tsunamis wreak havoc on our planet . NASA says new data on so-called solar tsunamis will help predict how they will affect our planet . The tsunamis -- powerful explosions known as coronal mass ejections , or CMEs -- produce solar cosmic rays that can interfere with technology , causing power blackouts and disrupting air traffic communications and cell phone networks . NASA says images captured by its twin Solar Terrestrial Relations Observatory , or STEREO , spacecraft have enabled scientists to map the tsunamis in 3D to examine their structure , velocity , mass and direction . The solar ejections , its says , can release billions of tons of high-velocity plasma into space , producing a shockwave that generates cosmic rays which then plow into our atmosphere . These can create the brightly-colored auroras , more commonly known as the Northern or Southern lights , but also have more damaging effects , posing particular threats to spacecraft and astronauts . Solar physicist Angelos Vourlidas of the Naval Research Laboratory in Washington said the new data from the STEREO craft -- launched into orbit in October 2006 -- will revolutionize the study of cosmic weather patterns . "  Before this unique mission , measurements and the subsequent data of a CME observed near the sun had to wait until the ejections arrived at Earth three to seven days later , " he said in statement . "  Now we can see a CME from the time it leaves the solar surface until it reaches Earth and we can reconstruct the event in 3D directly from the images . "	NASA says new data will enable scientists to map solar tsunamis in 3D Solar ejections can wreak havoc on Earth , causing power and radio blackouts New data could help predict what effects the phenomena will have , NASA says
CNN  -- In the end , it was Scotty who got beamed up . The ashes of late actor James Doohan , who played chief engineer Montgomery Scott in the original "  Star Trek " television series and a series of subsequent films , were on the SpaceX rocket that launched a private spacecraft into orbit this week . Doohan 's character was referenced in the "  Beam me up , Scotty " catchphrase associated with "  Star Trek . " In various versions of the command , Capt. James T. Kirk , played by William Shatner , would ask his Scottish-descended colleague to activate a matter teleportation device that would transport Kirk or others to the starship Enterprise . While it is unclear if the exact phrase "  Beam me up , Scotty " ever was uttered in a "  Star Trek " episode , it became a popular bumper sticker and Doohan chose it for the title of his autobiography published in 1996 . He died in 2005 . Celestis , a company that provides memorial spaceflights , confirmed that some of Doohan 's cremated remains were among 320 sets on the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launched Tuesday . Stellar week for SpaceX founder Elon Musk In addition , a portion of the cremated remains of Mercury 7 astronaut Gordon Cooper also were on board , the company confirmed . The Falcon 9 rocket , which carried up the SpaceX Dragon craft for a possible rendezvous this week with the International Space Station , is expected to remain in orbit for months until burning up when it falls back into the Earth 's atmosphere . "  He would rather have flown when he was alive , of course , " said Doohan 's widow , Wende Doohan , who watched the SpaceX launch Tuesday with the couple 's 12-year-old daugher , one of three children from a 31-year marriage . Doohan always told her he wanted his ashes flown in space , she said Thursday , adding that the contract with Celestis was not signed until after Doohan died . "  He was this enormous fan of technology , future technology , space exploration , NASA and anything with mankind reaching out , " Doohan said . Doohan and Cooper 's ashes also were launched in 2007 , but that flight failed to make it into space . My friend 's ashes ride into space Charles Chafer , the CEO of Celestis , said Thursday the remains aboard the Falcon 9 rocket came from 18 countries and included many people linked to the space industry , such as workers on the Apollo program . According to Chafer , another celebrity whose remains were included was Randy VanWarmer , who wrote the song "  Just When I Needed You Most . " VanWarmer died of leukemia in 2004 , Chafer said . A common theme among those on board was their interest in traveling in space when alive , Chafer said , adding "  but there 's also a bunch of folks sort of new age ; they wanted to be part of the universe . " In Doohan 's case , timing led his acting career to the stars instead of the depths of the ocean , according to his widow . He read for parts on both "  Star Trek " and "  Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea , " and got a call back first from "  Star Trek " producer Gene Roddenberry , she noted . "  No one would know him today if he 'd gotten the other call first , " she said .	James Doohan played Scotty in the original "  Star Trek " television series His ashes are among those of 320 people in orbit on a rocket The rocket eventually will burn up when it falls back into Earth 's atmosphere Some of Mercury 7 astronaut Gordon Cooper 's ashes also are on board
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- This year , the Oscars are on Hugh Jackman 's shoulders . Hugh Jackman plans to offer viewers "  a good time " at the Oscars . He hosts the big show Sunday night . The Australian actor , who earned rave reviews for his hosting of the Tonys , now has the Academy Awards to contend with . It 's a job that 's put Jon Stewart , Chris Rock , Whoopi Goldberg and David Letterman on the firing line , with only Billy Crystal and Johnny Carson emerging more or less unscathed in the last couple of decades . But with typical verve -- after all , this is the guy who won a Tony for playing song-and-dance man Peter Allen in "  The Boy from Oz " -- Jackman cracks jokes about the task , telling ABC that one of his distinctions is that he 's the "  tallest " Oscar host in recent years . To CNN 's Brooke Anderson , he was equally at ease . "  Ultimately , the way I see it is if I 'm not going to have a good time , then how can anyone else have a good time , " he said . Watch Hugh Jackman talk about doing it the Australian way " Even if he 's not having a good time , you may not want to get in his way . After all , this is the guy who 's played the fearsome , sharp-clawed Wolverine in the "  X-Men " movies and gets a solo turn as the superhero in the forthcoming "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine . " Jackman talked with Anderson about musical numbers , Heath Ledger and performing "  drunk and nude . " The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Are you feeling any nerves , or is it just pure excitement at this point ? Hugh Jackman : It 's more , it is more excitement . I 'm not impervious ... there has been moments in my life where I 've been nervous going on stage , that 's for sure , and I know I 'll have a butterfly or two , cause yeah , you wan na have a couple . But ultimately , the way I see it is if I 'm not going to have a good time , then how can anyone else have a good time . You know , you 're the host -- it 's not really about you . Ultimately , it 's your job to set the tone . Watch Hollywood prepare for the Oscars " CNN : And the butterflies give you a little bit of adrenaline , I would expect . Jackman : Yeah , and I 'll be drinking from about 9 a.m. , so that 's why I 'm impervious . CNN : Now you 're a triple threat -LSB- a dancer , actor and singer -RSB- . I need confirmation on a couple of things . Are you doing a musical number with Beyonce ? Jackman : Oh , that 's a good question . Look , I 'm old school , I do n't want to give too much away . But I did n't fully deny it , did I ? There 's going to be some surprises , that 's for sure . CNN : Stars of "  High School Musical " as well ? Jackman : OK , I 'll give you that . Yes , they 're going to be up on stage . CNN : This is really a reinvention of the Oscars this year . The ratings have been low . Traditionally a comedian hosts the show . How do you feel about being part of the reinvention this year ? Jackman : I 'm thrilled and honored , and that 's honestly how I feel . I do n't worry about the ratings or anything like that . I 'm really excited by what is planned for the night , and I can tell you it 's different . It really is different . I mean having someone as tall as me is a big change . ... It 's really not going to be funny at all . No , but there 's so many things I love about what they 're doing with the show . Forget ratings , you should always reinvent -- you should always be doing something different . What this night is going to be about is spontaneity . We 're going to set an atmosphere that will allow things to happen that you wo n't expect . And the other thing that I and the creators wanted to keep at the top and forefront of the night is that it should only happen on that night -- whatever happens , it could only happen on Oscar night , and only this year will it happen . So there 's going to be some things in there where you 're like , "  Oh ! " CNN : How daring is it going to be ? Will there be YouTube moments where people will be talking about the Oscars this year after it happens ? Jackman : One of my favorite moments at the Oscars was when the streaker came across David Niven . And we 're upping it a level and we 're just going to do most of the show naked . Um , well , there hopefully will be YouTube moments . CNN : "  The sexiest man alive " -LSB- is -RSB- going to be up there nude ? Jackman : Drunk and nude , yes . So that 's our new fresh approach . It 's the Australian way . CNN : Are you going to work that "  sexiest man alive " title into the show ? Jackman : There 's a few jokes floating around . Of course I will be about 8 feet away from two-time sexiest man alive Brad Pitt , so yes , there 's great temptation to use something there . CNN : And political jokes -- will there be many of them that you will work into the act ? Jackman : Hmm ... there may be some , but it wo n't be top-heavy . CNN : OK , so lots of surprises . You 've got experience with award shows , how is this different than hosting the Tonys ? Jackman : The Tony Awards is watched by more people in the theater than at home on television . So , the Oscars , it 's slightly different , there 's about a thousand here -LSB- in the theater -RSB- and a billion out there . But really , if I had n't done the Tony Awards , I 'd be a hell of a lot more nervous . I mean I 'm trained as an actor , that 's what I do , it 's not like I 'm trained to be a host . But having done that , the thing that I think surprised me more than anything was how much fun I had because anything can happen . You 're always amongst people who are , they 're pros . There 's people out there , and if you played with them , they 'll generally play back , and that 's the thing I like about it . CNN : Heath Ledger was a fellow Australian . Do you think -LSB- it will -RSB- be a fitting tribute for him to posthumously win an Oscar ? Jackman : You know of course , I ca n't help -LSB- but -RSB- feel sentimentally for him to be recognized . I think everyone recognizes his talent , his contributions . He was a friend of mine -- I knew him -- so I would love him to get that kind of public recognition . His family will be there ; I ca n't help but feel that will be great . So that 's the only category that I will give my preferences . I have a few others . I 've had a few little sly bets going . I 've got to talk to all those people backstage : Hey , I thought you should have won ! CNN : How do you balance your home life with your busy schedule ? Jackman : You abandon your family at this point in time . Literally , they 're in New York . People have said , "  Oh , is the family coming out ? " and I 've said -LSB- to my family -RSB- do n't bother coming -- I leave at about 7 in the morning and I get home at about 11 at night , so right now it 's Skype . God bless Skype . CNN : The kids are understanding ? Jackman : Yeah , they 're cool . My son , who 's named Oscar by the way , he goes , "  You know what the headline should be ? ` Oscar 's dad hosts the Oscars . ' " And I was like , that 's pretty good . Yeah , he 'll stay up and watch it . iReport.com : Who do you think will win at the Oscars ?	Hugh Jackman hosts Oscars on Sunday night Australian actor jokes that he 's going to host "  drunk and nude " Jackman hopes that fellow Aussie Heath Ledger wins best supporting actor
CNN  -- Remember the Muppets ? Silly question -- you 're old enough to read , so they probably helped teach you . Back when I was kid , they were huge . "  The Muppet Show " ran five seasons , 1976-1981 , and spawned half a dozen film spin-offs . The first Muppet movie  "  More entertaining than humanly possible ! "  boasted cameos by Bob Hope , Mel Brooks , Edgar Bergen , Milton Berle , Steve Martin and Richard Pryor -- not to mention Orson Welles -- a bill that positioned Kermit and company as the natural heirs to a half-century or more of prime-time vaudeville shtick . But the brand has fallen into neglect , and it 's entirely possible that an otherwise pop savvy 10-year-old would n't know his Scooter from his Waldorf .  "  Fred the frog ? " my son guessed , when I asked him to name one . "  And is n't there a pig ? " Catch up with Kermit and Miss Piggy Enter Jason Segel , who fessed up to a fetish for singing puppets in "  Forgetting Sarah Marshall " and who has taken up the challenge of making Jim Henson 's fabric-and-thread creations relevant to today 's digital generation . Segel , who stars and co-wrote  with "  Sarah Marshall " director Nicholas Stoller  , grabs the bull by the horns , so to speak , by acknowledging that the Muppets ' glory days are long gone . That strategy risks making this comeback vehicle too much of a nostalgia trip to entice the kiddies , but their parents will probably lap it up . Gary and Walter are brothers , and inseparable ; except that Gary  Segel  is flesh and blood , and Walter ... well , let 's just say there 's a reason why Walter 's favorite show is "  The Muppets . " When Gary invites his girlfriend Mary  Amy Adams  for a romantic getaway to Los Angeles , it 's only natural that he would invite Walter along too : For as long as they both can remember , it 's been Walter 's dream to visit the Muppet Studios . But when they get there , the building is dilapidated and on the verge of falling into the hands of an unscrupulous oilman , Tex Richman  Chris Cooper  . The only way to save it is to persuade Kermit to round up the old gang and put on a telethon : a comeback comedy special . It 's not exactly a fresh idea , but Segel and debut director James Bobin  "  Flight of the Conchords "  amuse themselves -- and us -- by poking fun at the cornball conventions of movie musicals : When Mary breaks into a melancholy ballad , the sudden downpour on her window pane does n't come from the heavens , but a gardener 's hose . A song-and-dance routine involving the entire population of "  Smalltown " climaxes in the citizens collapsing into a heap , exhausted . In fact , this early showstopper -- "  Life 's a Happy Song " -- is easily the pick of the new tunes , an infectiously jaunty number written by "  Flight of the Conchords ' " Bret McKenzie . Too many of the rest are strictly novelty items , including an intentionally awful barbershop rendition of "  Smells Like Teen Spirit " and Chris Cooper rapping , badly . "  Man or Muppet , " which is supposed to reflect the identity crisis of the two brothers , does n't make much sense in the circumstances . We can see pretty clearly which is which and where the 2-foot hand puppet really belongs . I hate to be a party pooper . At its best , this is a bright , colorful , perfectly innocuous amusement , but it 's also pretty slapdash and disappointingly sluggish . Tim Burton and Paul Reubens worked this line of parodic faux innocence better in "  Pee-wee 's Big Adventure " 25 years ago  so did Amy Adams in "  Enchanted "  . Segel has n't given himself enough to do as Gary , whose defining characteristic is neglecting Mary -- and if you 're going to go to the trouble of inventing a new Muppet  Walter  , why make him a bland nonentity ? As for the show 's true stars , Kermit and Miss Piggy , it 's nice to have them back , but I have to say they 've never had the same spark since original voice artists Jim Henson and Frank Oz passed the baton to Steve Whitmire and Eric Jacobson . Piggy , in particular , is a pale shadow of the psychotic diva she used to be -- just do n't tell that to Jack Black , the guest star she kidnaps and , uh , hogties when no other celebrity volunteers for the telethon . A mixed bag then : "  The Muppets " is n't the best or the worst of Kermit 's big-screen capers . At least it 's a reminder that here 's one frog who is n't about to croak .	"  The Muppets " is n't the best or the worst of Kermit 's big-screen capers Jason Segel has n't given himself enough to do as Gary Miss Piggy , in particular , is a pale shadow of the psychotic diva she used to be
President Barack Obama 's aggressive new proposal to dramatically limit carbon pollution is a policy priority that he hopes will help shape his legacy . But a policy step that Obama considers good for the country and his presidency may be bad for certain Democrats in tight election battles this year . Democrats ' flight Some of the toughest fights this campaign season are taking place in red or purple states where jobs and the economy are in a constant tug of war against the environment . They are also the states where Obama 's plan to limit carbon emission from power plants will have its greatest impact . Obama 's big environmental move : Demanding power plants cut carbon Obama 's proposal aims to reduce carbon pollution by 30 % by 2030 , but the Chamber of Commerce put out a study last week saying it will cost $ 50 billion and eliminate nearly 225,000 jobs . Republicans are framing it as a job killer and electricity bill hiker , putting some Democrats in a tough position in an uneven economy . "  As he seeks to secure his legacy , Obama is finally getting his ` war on coal , ' " the Republican National Committee wrote in a statement slamming the proposal . Coal power plants , the greatest polluters , are expected to be the most impacted by the new rules , if they 're finalized . Some Democrats from conservative coal-producing states quickly and sharply broke from the President . Kentucky produces the third-most coal in the country but has seen a reduction in coal jobs and production . A high-profile Senate race there has come down to who loves coal more . Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes , who is running to unseat Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell , put out a strong statement opposing Obama 's move . "  President Obama 's new EPA rule is more proof that Washington is n't working for Kentucky , " Grimes said in a statement . "  When I 'm in the U.S. Senate , I will fiercely oppose the President 's attack on Kentucky 's coal industry because protecting our jobs will be my number one priority . " She is also actively attacking the President , running ads worth "  six figures " in Kentucky newspapers that say "  President Obama and Washington do n't get it . " Her opposition is aggressive but it did n't stop McConnell for connecting Grimes to the President and fellow Democrats . "  Alison Lundergan Grimes was recruited by President Obama , who said he would ` bankrupt ' the coal industry , and Harry Reid , who said ` coal makes us sick . ' And she is being funded by liberals nationwide who know that a vote for her is a vote to ensure further implementation of their anti-coal agenda in the U.S. Senate , " McConnell 's spokeswoman Allison Moore said in a statement . In West Virginia , which produces the second most coal , Democratic candidate for Senate Natalie Tennant also opposes the new rules . "  I will stand up to President Obama ,  EPA Administrator  Gina McCarthy , and anyone else who tries to undermine our coal jobs , " Tennant said in a statement . West Virginia Rep. Nick Rahall , who is in a tough race to retain his seat , put out a statement announcing that he is introducing legislation to block Obama 's proposal . The new effort could also play out in Louisiana , where Sen. Mary Landrieu , chairman of the Senate Energy Committee , is in a tough reelection campaign . Landrieu has been a major defender of fossil fuel-based energy industries as oil , natural gas and some coal are integral to her state 's economy . She straddled the issue carefully on Monday by saying that carbon emissions should be reduced but with the input of Congress and not through the Environmental Protection Agency . And giving an olive branch to the powerful energy industry , she also praised it for reducing carbon . She did not praise the President . "  Congress should set the terms , goals and time frame . Greater use of natural gas and stronger efficiency measures adopted by the industry have already helped us reduce carbon emissions to their lowest levels in 20 years , " Landrieu said . Her Republican opponent , Rep. Bill Cassidy slammed Landrieu . His spokesperson , John Cummins , said she has done little to stop regulations that "  tie down Louisiana 's energy economy in an effort to promote a radical climate change agenda . " In North Carolina , another red state , Republican Thom Tillis called his opponent , Democratic incumbent Sen. Kay Hagan , "  a rubber-stamp for Obama 's anti-energy policies . " Hagan said in a statement that she would push for changes in the plan , which will be subject to public comment . "  I 'm talking to business leaders and energy experts in North Carolina about what this proposed rule will mean for our state and our economy . I want to make sure that the proposal does enough to recognize the progress we 've made reducing carbon emissions and promoting renewable energy , " she said . In Montana , Democratic Sen. John Walsh 's statement underscores the difficulty of this issue in conservative states . He issued no position , instead saying he "  will be listening to Montanans " to determine if the rule is one they can accept . Democratic Sen. Mark Pryor of Arkansas was also noncommittal . He said he had "  concerns " but would wait to hear what the people of his state thought . The issue is likely to come up in races in Pennsylvania , Virginia and Alaska as well . All produce coal but also lean conservative and have constituencies that are turned off by greater government regulation . But Bill Burton , a former Obama spokesman , said division among Democrats is expected , especially in campaign season . "  You 're going to have instances where Democrats are going to not be perfectly aligned with the President 's message , but that does n't mean the President 's policy is not the right one , " he said . The Republican Party is taking advantage , launching robocalls connecting candidates to Obama 's "  radical energy plan " in Virginia , Louisiana , Colorado and Alaska . Obama 's fight Before his administration announced the planned change , Obama held a conference call with members of the House and Senate in an attempt to shore up support and enthusiasm , indicating that this would be a political landmine for some Democrats in tough races . But addressing the issue of climate change has been at the forefront of his legislative wish list . Up until now , he has n't done much , hitting a number of roadblocks along the way . Since failing to pass cap and trade legislation to limit carbon emissions through the Democratic-led Senate in 2010 , Obama has struggled with Congress . He has been saddled with a struggling economy and several foreign policy crises , effectively putting climate change on the back burner . Inaction of his own initiative has also limited Obama 's influence on the issue . He has repeatedly put off a decision to kill or approve the Keystone XL pipeline , which is still unresolved and has upset everyone with a stake or position on the issue . The appointment of John Podesta as the President 's counselor earlier this year to revive a struggling White House was also a signal that Obama was going to try again to address environmental pollution . Podesta , who was chief of staff for former President Bill Clinton , has focused on progressive energy and environmental issues , authoring a book in 2008 that is heavy on the issues . These proposed rules on power plants are being billed as the most aggressive effort to combat pollution and climate change in decades , and Burton says this is a legacy issue for Obama . "  Nothing has been done on this scale as it relates to combating climate change and it will absolutely be an important part of the President 's legacy , " he said .  Burton also does work for the environmental group the League of Conservation Voters  . Democrats ' plight Democrats who support the proposal will be backed by billionaire Tom Steyer , who has pledged to financially assist nearly a dozen candidates who support climate change proposals . Not among those candidates are Democrats who are opposing Obama 's new rule , including Grimes , Landrieu and Pryor . Green billionaire prepares to attack ` anti-science ' Republicans Steyer praised the President 's initiative and blamed Congress for not addressing the issue . "  This Congress has failed in its most basic responsibility to protect the health and welfare of the American people from this grave threat , " he said , indicating his support for candidates who will do more to address the issue in the future . And Burton says Republicans will be the ones to suffer politically for being "  saddled by the notion that climate denial is salable in 2014 . "	Obama announces new proposal to dramatically reduce carbon emissions from power plants It 's a significant plan that will help to shape Obama 's legacy Democrats facing tough election campaigns in red states have come out in opposition
CNN  -- If all had gone to plan , Sudan and South Sudan would have been neighbors co-existing in a strained but civil peace , aware of a bitter history but resolved to moving on . Instead , just nine months after jubilant scenes in South Sudan as the nation declared independence , its relationship with the north is deteriorating rapidly amid violence , accusations and arguments . Efforts by the African Union to broker peace have stalled , leading some to question whether the answer might lie more than 9,000 kilometers away in China . A new report from the International Crisis Group says the country is engaged in a "  delicate dance " as it tries to maintain its historic ties with Sudan , while also courting South Sudan . It argues that China should be doing more to promote peace between the fractious neighbors , who both stand to benefit from Beijing 's eagerness to invest in their crumbling and inadequate infrastructure . "  China can and should do more -- in concert with other international actors to -- to ensure peaceful resolution , without compromising its interests or traditional adherence to a principle of non-interference , "  said Zach Vertin , senior analyst on Sudan and South Sudan with the International Crisis Group . Sudan denies report that South Sudan downed its fighter jet China has invested heavily in Sudan 's oil industry through state-owned oil giant China National Petroleum Corporation  CNPC  . It has a considerable stake in two of the three leading oil consortia operating in Sudan -- the Greater Nile Petroleum Operating Company  GNPOC  and Petrodar -- according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration  EIA  . Last year , 66 % of all oil exported from Sudan and South Sudan went to China , although that 's only a small fraction of China 's total oil imports , according to the EIA . The country still gets most of its oil imports from the Middle East . Oil is one of the flashpoints in the current dispute between Sudan and South Sudan , though it 's been a constant source of friction between warring parties in the nation long before the split . When South Sudan broke away from Sudan last July , it took with it 75 % of the former country 's oil reserves . However , all of the country 's refining and export infrastructure remains in the north . In January , South Sudan shut down its oil production after accusing Sudan of stealing oil . Sudan countered that by saying it had seized the crude as compensation for unpaid pipeline and export transit fees . The shutdown is causing both countries financial pain . According to the International Monetary Fund , oil contributes 90 % of Sudan 's export earnings , and 98 % of South Sudan 's . The dispute over oil has long plagued the countries that signed a comprehensive peace agreement in 2005 after 21 years of fighting . Part of the agreement included independence for South Sudan , which finally broke away in July 2011 . Just nine months later , there are fears the two countries are sliding back towards war . Earlier this week , United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon again implored the countries ' leaders to immediately end hostilities and implement agreements already reached on security , border monitoring and the disputed oil-rich Abyei area . "  Despite high rhetoric and recent provocations , I think the war calculations remain : Both sides have more to lose than gain from a return to conflict . Border clashes in recent days , however , continue to test those calculations as emotions run high , " Vertin said . Through its historical ties with Khartoum and its work to nurture a new relationship with Juba , analysts say China occupies a unique position as a potential mediator in their dispute . "  They 're in a good position to act as an honest broker and the more that they can do then obviously the better because it 's going to save lives , " said Helen Ware , a former Australian High Commissioner and Ambassador in Africa and now professor of peace studies at the University of New England . "  I think that Chinese should be holding out as many carrots as they can , " she added . "  They should be trying to get people at the number two level to talk together , so that really people are understanding each other , and there 's not such high levels of mistrust . " Ware said the conflict between the two neighbors gives China an opportunity to prove to its other African partners that it offers more than just a source of investment . China could prove "  that it can bring a real advantage to the situation , " she said . "  In this situation it would be proving it can do what the African Union ca n't . " A return to war , she said , would make China and its African partners "  slightly twitchy ... because of the feeling that we need China to be not just our investment partner , but in a sense our friend , and our friend in times of crisis . " In the next few weeks , South Sudan 's President Salva Kiir is due to make his first visit to Beijing as head of state . It will give China another opportunity to nurture its relationship with the South , and perhaps erase some of the "  lingering uneasiness " the International Crisis Group says Juba feels about China 's relationship with Khartoum . "  Resolution of the impasse and resuscitation of oil flows would undoubtedly influence the scope and character of the relationship that emerges ; whether the political and economic ties already established between Beijing and Juba are robust enough to weather the current crisis remains to be seen , but both sides hope so , " said Comfort Ero , Africa program director for the International Crisis Group .	Violence and rhetoric escalating between Sudan and South Sudan Observers fear the two neighbors are sliding back towards war International Crisis Group says China should be doing more to resolve conflict China has large stakes in oil consortia in the country
After nearly 40 years , a militant group on the island of Corsica says it is abandoning its armed struggle for independence from France . The banned National Liberation Front of Corsica , also known an FLNC , said Wednesday in a statement obtained by CNN affiliate France 3 that it had made the decision with no preconditions and had started the process of demilitarization . The birthplace of Napoleon Bonaparte , Corsica is located in the Tyrrehenian Sea , part of the Mediterranean , between the coasts of France and Italy . It has been under French control since the 1700s . The island has been plagued by terrorism -- including bombings , robberies , and assaults -- since 1976 , with the FLNC in the throes of a long , low-intensity military campaign against French targets on the island . In 1997 , several banks and government offices were targeted in more than 50 bomb explosions in one day , for which FLNC claimed responsibility . France 's government launched a ferocious crackdown in Corsica after a top French official there was gunned down in 1998 on the street of Ajaccio . This spurred a series of nationalist protests , followed by a string of FLNC attacks against French targets . A branch of the separatist group announced in 2003 that it would suspend its military actions . But attacks by FLNC continued , although with less frequency .	Militant group will accept its identity as a French territory , the group says The separatist group has sought independence since 1976
CNN  -- They were miraculous escape shots even the late , great Seve Ballesteros would have been proud of . Twice during sudden death on the extra playoff holes of a titanic WGC World Match Play final , Frenchman Victor Dubuisson looked as if he were about to hand the trophy to his opponent on a plate . And twice Australia 's Jason Day could only smile and shake his head as Dubuisson channeled the spirit of Spain 's golfing maverick to extricate himself from the bushes of the Arizona desert . But the 23-year-old 's luck could n't hold and finally , on the fifth extra hole , Day sealed the biggest victory of his career to date . "  At that time , you 're just thinking , ` Do I need to just hand him the trophy now after those two shots ? ' " Day told the tournament 's official website of Dubuisson 's second ridiculous escape shot . "  I kept shaking my head because there was a couple of times there where I thought he was absolutely dead -- the tournament was mine , " Day said . But he should have known better . Dubuisson took care of South Africa 's Ernie Els in the semifinal , played early on Sunday , and went into the final aiming to become the first Frenchman to win a PGA Tour title . Day , who toppled America 's Rickie Fowler in his semi , was three up after nine holes before his French opponent started clawing his way back into the final and made a vital downhill putt on the 17th to reduce the gap to just one . Needing to win the final hole to force sudden death Dubuisson held his nerve to make a short putt after an exquisite shot from a greenside bunker . Then the fireworks truly began . Having flown his approach shot over the back of the first extra hole , his ball landed in cacti bushes and looked to be unplayable . But Dubuisson hovered above the foliage before pulling off a miraculous shot that dribbled to within four feet of the hole , to extend the match . At the next hole Dubuisson again missed the green , his ball resting against the root of a small bush . Once again he dazzled the gallery with an improvised shot that allowed him to halve the hole . "  I walked over there and it was in a tree , a flower tree of some sort , in this little crevice . I mean , it looked absolutely dead , " Day said . "  I 'm like , ` Yes . ' I hit 8-iron into 20 feet . There was so much pressure on him . And he does it again . " "  Those two shots were amazing , " Dubuisson said . "  I just played it like I had nothing to lose . " His fellow professionals agreed , 2010 U.S. Open winner Graeme McDowell saying they were two of the best escape shots he 'd ever seen , while Ballesteros ' son Javier , called Dubuisson his "  new hero . " Finally , at the fifth extra hole and with light in the Arizona desert fading , Dubuisson succumbed , missing a long putt for birdie , as Day sank his from three feet . "  Vic , man , he has a lot of guts , " Day said . "  He has a great short game -- straight out of the cactus twice . For a 23-year-old kid , he 's got a lot of game . We 're going to see a lot of him for years to come . "  The biggest thing was , ` How much do I want to win ? " I kept saying that to myself . Last night , I kept visualizing myself with the trophy . I 'm glad I could finish it off . But it was a close one . " Day pocketed a cool $ 1.53 million for his victory and , remarkably , never trailed once during the final 53 holes he played in the tournament . "  I 'm disappointed because I made some terrible shots , " Dubuisson said after his defeat , adding of those two Seve-like escapes : "  Those two shots were amazing , " Dubuisson said . "  I just played it like I had nothing to lose . " The third place playoff , also required sudden death to settle the outcome -- Rickie Fowler defeating Ernie Els on the first extra hole .	Jason Day defeats Victor Dubuisson to win WGC World Match Play title in Arizona France 's Dubuisson pulls off two miracle shots to extend their titanic battle in final Australian Day celebrates biggest victory of his career to date on fifth extra hole Day pays tribute to Dubuisson 's character saying "  Vic has a lot of guts "
New York  CNN  -- Seven months after dropping him from their team , the Houston Rockets signed Jeremy Lin when the New York Knicks failed to match Houston 's three-year , $ 25-million offer for the point guard . "  We are thrilled to have Jeremy back as part of the Rockets family , " Rockets owner Leslie Alexander said in a statement Tuesday night . "  In his limited opportunity last season , Jeremy showed that he has all the skills to be a great player in this league for many years to come . " The Harvard-educated basketball phenom captured worldwide attention by leading the Knicks to a string of victories last year . Jonathan Supranowitz , the Knicks ' vice president of public relations , announced Tuesday night that the Knicks would not match Houston 's offer . Opinion : From role player to team leader -- Lin and the rise of Asian American leadership On Twitter , Lin expressed his enthusiasm to rejoin the Rockets . "  Extremely excited and honored to be a Houston Rocket again !! " he tweeted . "  Much love and thankfulness to the Knicks and New York for your support this past year ... easily the best year of my life . " Rockets General Manager Daryl Morey shared in Lin 's excitement about the news . "  Welcome to Houston @JLin7 ! We plan to hang on this time . You will love â $ ª #RedNation , " Morey tweeted Morey 's tweet alluded to the Lin 's brief stint with the Rockets last year . Later Tuesday , Lin issued a brief statement expanding on his tweets . "  I loved this past year with the Knicks and truly appreciate the opportunity that New York gave me , " he said . "  The way the fans fully embraced me and our team was something I 'll always cherish forever . It was an extraordinary and unforgettable time that was easily the best year of my life . Now I am excited to be back with the Rockets . They made a very compelling pitch in terms of what I could bring to the team and for the city . I am also impressed with Mr. Alexander and the management 's commitment to improving the team . I 'm excited about contributing to the Rockets winning tradition and competing with my new teammates . " Yao Ming : ` Everyone wants to be next Jeremy Lin ' The 23-year-old was waived by the Golden State Warriors on December 9 and was picked up by Houston on December 12 . He appeared in two pre-season outings with the Rockets before the team let him go on December 24 . Knicks general manager Glen Grunwald had until 11:59 p.m. ET Tuesday to match a deal that teammate Carmelo Anthony called "  ridiculous . " It would cost his team tens of millions more in luxury-tax penalties were New York to match the Houston deal . "  You are going to take away any flexibility the franchise has for the next two years when you sign that contract , " said Mike Francesa , a host for New York sports radio station WFAN , said earlier . "  It does n't make sense . " Keep track of Lin developments at SI.com Lin , a 23-year-old undrafted point guard of Taiwanese descent who brought "  Linsanity " into the lexicon by way of his hardwood heroics , burst onto the scene in early February when then-Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni called him off the bench as the team struggled . A winning streak -- which included besting all-star Kobe Bryant and the Los Angeles Lakers -- ensued , with Lin coming up big on clutch plays and endearing himself to a growing fan base , likely enamored with his unlikely story . The man who had been cut by two other teams , and spent his first few weeks with the Knicks sleeping on his brother 's couch , quickly turned into a global brand , with store owners packing their shelves with Lin jerseys and other apparel . Cashing in on Jeremy Lin But the Knicks sensation soon faced criticism over his proclivity for turnovers . Questions also surfaced about his ability for sustained top-level play and whether his rapid ascent to stardom had been warranted . In March , he suffered a knee injury , with an MRI revealing a small chronic meniscus tear in his left knee . New York recently signed point guard Jason Kidd and acquired former Knicks guard Raymond Felton via a sign-and-trade deal with the Portland Trailblazers , raising big questions about Lin 's future on the Knicks ' roster . "  It was certainly very shocking when the news kind of broke out that they were looking at Raymond Felton and ultimately looking to not match on Lin , " said Will Leitch , contributing editor and columnist at New York Magazine . "  No one really saw it coming . Even the people that were really close to the situation . " Will Lin 's success end stereotypes ? What do you think about Lin signing with the Rockets ? Let us know in the comments below .	Lin says he is "  extremely excited and honored to be a Houston Rocket again " He thanks the Knicks and New York for their support during the "  best year of my life " The Knicks would not match the Houston Rockets ' $ 25 million offer for the point guard New York recently signed two other guards , Raymond Felton and Jason Kidd
CNN  -- High temperatures in America 's Plains States are expected to rival those in Death Valley again Monday , according to the National Weather Service , which predicts a heat wave to roast the county 's midsection for yet another day as it spreads to the east . The hottest spots located in Oklahoma through South Dakota should see highs over 100 degrees Fahrenheit , and top temps are forecast in the 90 's for most of the rest of the county -- with the exception of some mountain and coastal regions . Much of middle America baked in a heat wave Sunday , and the National Weather Service declared excessive heat warnings in at least 14 states , most of those in the upper Midwest . Several daily temperature records were broken -- from Alpena , Michigan , south to Miami , Florida . "  Heat index values " -- how hot it feels outside -- have been running over 125 degrees Fahrenheit in the worst-hit areas , the National Weather Service said . The scale designed to describe how intense heat feels also includes factors such as humidity . "  This is the hottest it 's been for the longest period of time , " said Emily McNamara from Sioux Falls , South Dakota , where the temperatures were expected to hover in the mid-90s through the middle of the week . Extreme heat is forecast to bear down on the eastern United States by the end of this week . Jacob Beitlich , a Des Moines , Iowa-based meteorologist for the National Weather Service , said that two factors contribute to make this current heat wave especially dangerous : the lack of a significant drop in temperatures overnight to allow people 's bodies to cool down and relatively high humidity , which makes it feel appreciably hotter than the thermostat may indicate . In Iowa , for instance , he noted that the impact of mid-90s temperatures have been compounded by relatively high dew points in the upper 70s and low 80s . These combine to make the heat index -- a meteorological measure for how it feels outside -- spike so that it feels as hot as 126 degrees Fahrenheit , according to the weather service . "  That takes a toll on your body , " Beitlich explained . "  When it 's more humid , it 's more difficult to cool down from sweating . " Prevent heat-related illnesses The National Weather Service notes that typically extreme heat is the biggest weather-related killer in the United States , taking about 115 lives each year . That 's why it and other government agencies urge people to minimize their time outdoors in periods of extreme heat , drink plenty of fluids , and keep especially close tabs on the elderly and young people . In Missouri scores of cooling centers have been established in libraries , senior centers , schools and other sites around the state to help deal with continuously high temperatures . At Target Field in Minneapolis , Minnesota Twins supporters stood in long lines to get water from coolers , used spray fans , wrapped wet towels on their head during a Sunday game -- anything to keep cool . "  It is blistering out , " said one fan , Jeff Ferris . "  Brutal . I 've probably lost 10 pounds today -- it 's crazy . " While the recent stretch has been particularly difficult , it 's all part of what 's been a continuously long , hot and in many cases dry summer in numerous locales . The weather service indicates that Oklahoma , for instance , already has had 27 days this year in which the temperature surpassed 100 degrees . Not everyone in the region sweat it out though this weekend . McNamara notes that the Wild West Waterpark , where she is aquatic manager , has had "  record-breaking days in terms of attendance " in recent days , with several thousand flooding in to get wet and beat the heat . "  It 's awesome , " she said . "  You see people coming out having fun . It makes for a fast day . " CNN 's Ted Rowlands and Jacqui Jeras contributed to this report .	NEW : No break from the heat Monday , says the National Weather Service The National Weather Service declared excessive heat warnings Sunday for 14 states High humidity has driven up heat indices , making it feel as hot as 126 degrees The extreme heat is forecast to move east by week 's end , affecting the East Coast
Forget the tuba and accordion . Put away the lederhosen , and keep the beer steins on the shelf . The vast majority of today 's beer festivals have little in common with the traditional Oktoberfest celebration . As craft beer continues to rise in popularity , the trickle-down effect of that growth means more beer festivals popping up all over the United States . And the beer festivals of today offer a lot more than just drinking ales and lagers . Many offer live entertainment , educational workshops and even food pairings . Below are seven upcoming beer festivals that are setting the standard by which to measure all others . SavorNew York Savor stands out from the pack with its thoughtful pairing of great food with exceptional  and often rare  beer . The festival takes place in New York this year , and apart from the chance to try great beer and food combinations , it gives attendees an opportunity to hang out and chat with the "  rock stars " of the beer world . Chef Adam Dulye leads a team of culinary professionals who create the food pairings based on the flavor profiles of each beer being served . But perhaps the coolest thing about this event are the tasting salons , intimate educational  and drinking !  sessions where brewers speak on topics like "  blending a barrel-aged sour beer " and "  a taste of Virginia from the Brew Ridge Trail . " The event takes place June 14 and 15 , and tickets are on sale now . 8 best beer towns in the USA American Craft Beer FestivalBoston The American Craft Beer Festival is put on by the folks behind BeerAdvocate magazine . It 's considered one of the best beer festivals in the country , and beer lovers flock from all over the world to attend this two-day festival in Boston . The festival serves more than 600 beers from 135 breweries and includes several beers that are brewed exclusively for the event : Once the beer is gone , so is the chance to ever have it again . It takes place on May 31 and June 1 , and tickets are available online . Firestone Walker InvitationalPaso Robles , California When people ask me "  what 's your favorite brewery ? " my answer is inevitably either "  the one I 'm drinking right now " or "  Firestone Walker . " The California brewery has won several medals at beer competitions and has raked in numerous "  brewery of the year " awards . But instead of resting on its laurels , it continues to champion craft beer with the Firestone Walker Invitational Beer Festival . The festival is described as "  a day where we can all put down our sales and marketing pitches and simply commune and share our beers and stories with people who are truly interested in craft beer . " The festival takes place June 1 . Sadly for many , tickets sold out in a matter of hours . Mark your calendars for next year , beer lovers . Oregon Brewers FestivalPortland , Oregon The 26th annual Oregon Brewers Festival is one of the longest-running and largest beer festivals in the country . It takes place in Portland over five days in July and draws more than 80,000 beer drinkers every year . The festival also includes live music , home brewing demonstrations and beer-related vendors . The all-ages festival is free to attend and even includes the Crater Lake Root Beer Garden , so the kiddos can get their drink on , too . For those consuming beer , this is a "  pay as you drink " festival , and beer pours range from $ 1 to $ 4 . I like this option because I rarely drink enough beer at a festival to justify the price of admission  that can hit upwards of $ 75  . Burning CAN Beer FestLyons , Colorado For all the canned beer lovers out there , there 's the Burning CAN Beer Fest in Lyons , Colorado . This can-only beer fest is put on by the pioneers of the craft beer can movement , Oskar Blues . The festival features more than 30 breweries , a BMX dirt bike competition and live music . Oh , and it 's all set against the backdrop of Rocky Mountain National Park . Go for the scenery and stay for the beer and entertainment . Tickets for the June 1 Burning CAN fest are available online . Paste UntappedDallas Paste magazine has taken its love for indie music and craft beer and turned it into a series of festivals taking place throughout the country . Other beer festivals have live music , but let 's be honest , it 's usually local bands that provide background noise . Paste Untapped brings musicians and bands that are worth the price of admission alone . Add an awesome selection of craft suds , and it 's easy to see why this is one of the most talked-about festivals of 2013 . According to Paste , the next Paste Untapped is set for Dallas in September . Road trip , anyone ? Nashville and Atlanta are slated to follow in October and November . The Festival Portland , Maine No fancy or clever name is needed for this Portland , Maine , beer fest that 's simply called The Festival . Most of the aforementioned beer festivals highlight American craft beer , and this one slightly deviates from the norm and offers mostly international beers . Presented by Shelton Brothers and 12 Percent Imports , this two-day beer festival includes limited releases like Cantillon Zwanze , an extremely rare beer out of Belgium . The Festival takes place on June 21 and 22 , and tickets are still available for purchase online . Lastly , here 's some tips to make sure you get the most out of your beer festival experience : • Eat before  and during  the festival . Drinking on an empty stomach is never a good idea . • Drink plenty of water to stay hydrated . A good rule of thumb is an ounce of water per ounce of beer . • Have a game plan before you attend . Or else you risk spending too much time wandering around looking for the Founders booth . • Try beers you 've never had/cannot easily get . And make sure to hit those booths first before the beer runs out . • Get home safely . Many festivals offer free or discounted admission for designated drivers , and car services like Uber will sometimes offer discounts to festival attendees . What beer festivals are you most excited about this year ? Let me know in the comments below . Cheers and happy drinking !	Paste magazine has organized a series of festivals featuring quality beer -- and music The Burning CAN Beer Festival in Colorado skips bottles for canned craft beer The Oregon Brewers Festival lasts five days in Portland
CNN  -- The San Antonio Spurs are one win away from winning the 2013 NBA championship after a 114-104 victory over the Miami Heat in Game Five of the Finals . Spurs star guard Tony Parker showed no signs of the hamstring injury which hampered him during Game Four , scoring 26 points to delight the AT & T Center crowd . "  It was a physical game . Great game . I was just trying to pace myself better , if I can say that , during the game , " the Frenchman told reporters . "  Or else I 'd be out of gas like I did in Game Four , where in the second half I did n't have enough juice and my hamstring was kind of fatigued . In this game I was trying to take my time and it helped . " Argentine Manu Ginobili turned in his finest performance of the series so far , adding 24 points and 10 assists . The Spurs opened up a 20-point lead in the third quarter , with the crowd showing their appreciation with chants of "  Ma-nu " as Gregg Popovich 's team closed on a first NBA title since 2007 . "  I was having a tough time scoring , and I needed to feel like the game was coming to me , and I was being able to attack the rim , get to the free-throw line , and make a couple of shots , " said Ginobli . "  So it felt great when I heard that . To feel that I really helped the team to get that 20-point lead , it was a much-needed moment in the series . So I 'm glad to see it happen . " For the Heat , LeBron James and Dwayne Wade both scored 25 points as Miami continued a run which has seen the 2012 champions alternate between wins and losses over its last 12 playoff games . Tuesday 's Game Six will see the series return to Miami 's American Airlines Arena , which will also stage Game Seven if it is required .	San Antonio Spurs beat Miami Heat 114-104 in Game Five of the NBA Finals The Spurs will be crowned 2013 NBA champion if it wins Tuesday 's Game Six Star guard Tony Parker scored 26 points , with Manu Ginobili adding 24 points LeBron James and Dwayne Wade each scored 25 points for the Heat
CNN  -- Roger Federer took time out from his off-season training regimen to answer questions on Twitter from his legions of fans . Among the things they learned earlier this month was that Federer 's favorite fruits were strawberry , apple and mango and that he has visited 55 countries . When asked what he planned to get wife Mirka for Christmas , the funnier side of the 17-time grand slam champion emerged : A "  hashtag , " he replied . He added that he was "  working overtime " to win the Australian Open in January -- which leads us to the first of five burning questions looking ahead to the 2014 tennis season . Can Roger Federer win another grand slam ? The numbers , so often in favor of history maker Federer , were less kind to the Swiss in 2013 . He failed to reach a grand slam final for the first time since 2002 , his grand slam quarterfinal streak ended at 36 and his year-end ranking of No. 6 was his lowest in 11 years . Federer only won one tournament , on grass in Halle , Germany -- though he was bounced from Wimbledon a few weeks later in the second round after claiming the title at the All England Club a record seven times . Longtime coach Paul Annacone was axed months later . His back problems returned , with Federer saying it was a mistake to keep playing at the BNP Paribas Open in March when the back flared up . It was indeed a slump -- well , for Federer . But Federer says he is now fit , which helped the 32-year-old finish the season on a high . "  My self-confidence has also returned , " he told the website of one of his sponsors , Credit Suisse , in late November . "  By the end , everyone around me was talking positively again . The mood was much better than in the summer . "  That boosts my morale for the coming year , and it 's a big relief . The fun has definitely returned . " Federer said he would like to win "  about " five tournaments in 2014 and play in "  great finals . " The majors are what matter to Federer most , and if he was to claim the Australian Open he would become the second oldest man -- behind Andre Agassi -- to bag a singles grand slam in the last 40 years . Federer probably needs to beat two of Rafael Nadal , Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray to collect an 18th major but his recent record against the trio is underwhelming . He has lost four straight to Nadal , three straight to Djokovic and fell to Murray in an absorbing Australian Open semifinal last January . No matter what happens to Federer in 2014 , though , he 'll still be a major talking point . Can anyone stop Rafael Nadal at the French Open ? Statistically , Nadal became the best player ever at the French Open when he won an unprecedented eighth title on the red clay at Roland Garros . Only once has he failed to win in Paris in the spring , when Robin Soderling , Nadal 's wonky knees and the then split of the Mallorcan 's parents made for a combination too powerful to overcome in 2009 . Since then he has captured four in succession . But Nadal came within an inch of likely losing at the French Open this year to Djokovic . The Serb led by a break 4-3 in the fifth set of their semifinal when he touched the net before a point ended at deuce . It was an easy put away that Nadal had no chance of reaching . Djokovic lost the point , Nadal broke back and he won 9-7 in the fifth . Only two months prior , Djokovic snapped Nadal 's 46-match winning streak , dating back to 2005 , at the clay-court Monte Carlo Masters . If anyone is to get the better of Nadal at the French Open next year -- assuming he is healthy -- Djokovic , who has appointed Boris Becker as the head of his coaching team , is the lone serious candidate . Who can derail Serena Williams ? Serena Williams compiled a 78-4 record in 2013 for the best winning percentage on the women 's tour since 1990 and she took home nearly $ 12.4 million in prize money -- the most ever for a female tennis player in a season . Williams was stunned by Sabine Lisicki at Wimbledon in one of those four losses but weeks earlier lifted the French Open trophy for the first time since 2002 . When she triumphed at the U.S. Open in September , the American climbed to 17 majors to approach Chris Evert -- once her critic -- and Martina Navratilova . Unlike her fellow 32-year-old Federer , Williams does n't have as many roadblocks in front of her so she could keep on collecting grand slam titles in bunches . World No. 2 Victoria Azarenka has yet to win a grand slam outside Australia and Maria Sharapova is returning from another serious shoulder injury . They 're Williams ' two main rivals . Williams ' first order of business is to end Azarenka 's two-tournament reign in Melbourne after injuries hampered her Down Under in 2012 and this year . How will Andy Murray recover from his back injury ? Murray missed the last two months of the season following back surgery and all eyes are on the Scot to see how he 'll rebound in 2014 . As the likes of Federer , Agassi and Murray 's coach , Ivan Lendl , can attest , back problems are difficult to shake . He is due to return to action at an exhibition tournament in Abu Dhabi on Boxing Day against Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and might also face Djokovic and Nadal . "  It 's exactly the test I need to see where my game is at , " Murray was quoted as saying by ESPN UK online . Thankfully for Murray he was able to end Britain 's 77-year wait for a men 's singles champion at Wimbledon -- before the back forced him off tour -- when he toppled Djokovic in July . Prior to Nadal re-emerging on the circuit in February , Djokovic and Murray contested two straight grand slam finals . Murray wants to make more history , said mom Judy . "  Andy 's goal is to win more grand slams and try to achieve that end-of-year world No. 1 ranking , " she was quoted as saying by the Scotsman newspaper this week . Can anyone new win a major ? With the men 's Big Four around , unearthing a new grand slam champion in 2014 figures to be difficult . Since the spring of 2005 , only one man not named Federer , Nadal , Djokovic or Murray has won a grand slam -- Juan Martin del Potro at the 2009 U.S. Open . Recent years , however , tell us it could happen on the women 's tour . For four straight seasons a debutante has come through at a major , Marion Bartoli being the most recent at Wimbledon . Bartoli was the first to admit she benefited from a nice draw , with Williams , Sharapova and Azarenka all exiting before the quarterfinals .	Roger Federer hopes to win "  about five " tournaments in 2014 and play in "  great " finals The Swiss ends 2013 at No. 6 , his lowest year-end ranking since 2002 Serena Williams is one major short of tying Martina Navratilova and Chris Evert Andy Murray returns to the pro circuit in 2014 after undergoing back surgery in September
CNN  When Jeff Varasano moved from his native New York City to Atlanta he encountered a problem -- the local pizza was not up to scratch . Having grown up watching his grandmother make tasty , thin-dough wonders in the oven of her Bronx apartment , Varasano was accustomed to a high standard of this universally-loved delicacy . So , in spite of being a software engineer rather than a cook , he set out to create his own , mouth-watering pizza . "  I did a lot of crazy things to make a great pizza at home , " Varasano says . "  I 've tried over 100 flours , 100 olive oils , 100 tomatoes . I 've sampled 51 different oreganos , " he explains . One of the tactics he used was wrapping his oven in aluminum foil in order to get the temperature extra high , and it took him six years and two kitchen fires to perfect his recipe . "  I 've been a tinkerer since I was a little kid , " says Varasano , "  I 've always liked to experiment with things , I viewed it as a puzzle . " Engineering quality When he was finally happy with his home-grown formula Varasano posted the recipe online . It went viral and he opened his own pizzeria in Atlanta in 2009 . The New Yorker is very particular about his product -- he grows his own oregano and uses natural sourdough which is aged for three days for a rich flavour . "  The style I like is not quite Neapolitan , not quite New York . Sort of a hybrid in the middle , but the crust is very , very light , " he says . Varasano says he was passionate about software engineering , his original profession , but it lacked the immediacy of impact that a mouthful of great-tasting tasting pizza has . "  My software was very complicated , so it was very difficult to explain to people , " he says . "  Pizza is the exact opposite . You take one bite and in five seconds you 're excited about it . "	New Yorker Jeff Varasano struggled to find pizza that he liked when he moved to Atlanta The software engineer set out to create his own , perfect pizza at home In 2009 he opened his own pizzeria , Varasano 's
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Army is recalling more than 16,000 sets of body armor even though the secretary of the Army disagrees with a Department of Defense report that some of the ceramic plates failed testing and might not offer the protection required for troops on the battlefield . At issue are the removable bullet-proof ceramic plates that are part of a soldier 's body armor . The report by the Department of Defense inspector general 's office , expected to be released officially on Friday , says the Army had flawed testing procedures before awarding contracts to make the armor plates . "  DoD does not have assurance that its body armor provides a standard level of protection , " according to the report . Army Secretary Peter Geren denied any problems with testing but said the armor is being recalled as a precaution and will be replaced with other plates that are not part of the recall , according to Army officials . The recall represents only about 1.6 percent of the 1.9 million sets of body armor that have been put in the field since 2001 , Army officials said . Ceramic plates are the bullet-proof part of a soldier 's body armor that slide into the front and back of the vest . In a letter of response to the report from Inspector General Gordon Heddell , Geren said he did not agree with the findings and was supported by the military 's preeminent testing expert . "  According to the DOT&E  director of operational test and evaluation  , the plates at issue passed the tests . Again , that is not only the conclusion of the Army , but of the Department of Defense experts in the highly specialized field of ballistic testing , " Geren wrote . Because there is a disagreement between two Department of Defense entities , Geren is forwarding the matter to the deputy secretary of defense to make a final ruling on whether the questioned armor should be discarded or returned to the inventory for possible use , according to Army officials . The report focused on a number of issues , many of which the Army agreed with . However , the Army and the inspector general are at odds over a testing step called "  first article testing , " initial testing of a product to meet Army standards . The inspector general says the Army did not perform the tests correctly on some of the plates . Army officials said there is no evidence of any imperfections in the plates . The inspector general 's report also questioned why the Army had different criteria than the U.S. Special Forces in its testing of the equipment . "  The criteria differed significantly , even when testing against the same threats , " the report said . "  Differences included the number of plates tested  sample size  , the shot pattern , the environmental conditions , the type of tests , and the pass/fail guidelines . " Army officials close to the issue said not one soldier had been killed because of an armor defect . Officials said the Army has X-ray machines in the field to examine damaged plates to look for problems and build an information database to improve on the armor technology . Rep. Louise Slaughter , D-New York , who requested the audit and has been pressing the issue of looking into body armor since 2006 , said that while the recall represents a relatively low percentage of plates , there is still a potential danger . "  It is way too high for me . We do n't know how many soldiers could not live or escape being egregiously wounded because their body armor did not work , " she said . The inspector general audit is the second requested by Slaughter , who did not like the initial findings and thinks the Army is wrong in its thinking about the current findings . She called the report "  devastating . " "  It was their responsibility to make sure that -LSB- the body armor -RSB- is state of the art and it will do everything it can to protect that soldier , " she said . "  I am anxiously awaiting the results of this dispute . "	Secretary of the Army disagrees with Defense report citing flawed test procedures Recall represents only about 1.6 percent of the 1.9 million sets in use since 2001 Army and inspector general at odds over a testing step called "  first article testing "
CNN  -- It was a sight Andy Murray 's hordes of British fans had longed to see -- the world No. 4 celebrating on Wimbledon 's Centre Court after defeating Roger Federer in a final . Murray 's emphatic straight-sets triumph over the world No. 1 in the men 's singles gold medal match at London 2012 showed that , despite tasting defeat in four major finals , the Scot could finally be ready to win his first grand slam title at the U.S. Open . That is the view of former major winners Mats Wilander and Goran Ivanisevic , who have tipped the third seed to break his major hoodoo in New York -- where Murray was beaten by Federer in the 2008 final . Clijsters ready for U.S. Open farewell "  My prediction for the U.S. Open is Andy Murray winning , " seven-time grand slam champion Wilander told the ATP Champions Tour website ahead of next week 's opening matches in the two-week tournament at Flushing Meadows . "  I 'm not saying that just because he won the Olympics , it 's because I think that he 's a different man . "  I think that Ivan Lendl has helped him tremendously . He 's becoming better physically all the time , he hits his forehand better , but the biggest difference is emotionally . "  He 's more even-keeled , he 's more positive , and there 's not as much pressure for him at the U.S. Open as there is at Wimbledon . " Murray , who will play American Alex Bogomolov Jr. in the U.S. Open first round , won the Flushing Meadows event as a junior in 2004 but has so far been frustrated in three grand slam title matches by 17-time grand slam winner Federer -- including in last month 's Wimbledon final . He lost to former world No. 1 Novak Djokovic in last year 's Australian Open final , but defeated the Serbian in the Olympic semis this month . Wilander , who won the U.S. Open in 1988 as he topped the world rankings , believes the 25-year-old Murray can produce his top form on his favorite hard-court surface . "  The hard courts in New York are a little quicker than in Australia , which suit him , " said the Swede . "  I do think Andy Murray is one-up against Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic after the Olympics -- he knows that he can beat them back-to-back now . "  I think five-set matches , with the attitude he has now , are going to favor him and when he plays well with a good attitude he is at least as good a player as the other top three . " Murray is bidding to become the first British male to win a grand slam title since Fred Perry in 1936 , and he is more confident than ever he can deliver a long-awaited success . "  I think in the short term  my confidence has grown  , certainly , " Murray , who became the first British man to reach the Wimbledon final since 1938 , told the U.S. Open 's official website . "  But things change in tennis and in sport really , really quick . In the immediate aftermath of big wins or good tournaments , normally you 'll feel quite confident and comfortable going for your shots in the important moments and even at the beginning of matches . " Murray also hailed the impact of coach Lendl , who knows what it takes to win grand slams having claimed eight during an 18-year playing career in which he topped the world rankings . "  Tactically , for sure , he 's very good , " Murray said of the Czech-born American . "  Very minor technical things . But also just his experience , knowing how to schedule your tournaments . A year like this year is incredibly busy , very different to what we 're used to with the Olympics . "  Having someone like him around who understands that , can also pass on his experiences to not just me but the rest of my team , as well , he 's been a huge benefit . "  Also , after I lost Wimbledon , having someone like him who 's been through that before to talk to , the best ways to deal with it and move on from it , all that stuff 's helped . That 's why I wanted to work with him . Not just me , but my whole team 's enjoyed having him around . I hope he 's enjoyed it , too . " One man who knows all about waiting for a first grand slam title is Ivanisevic . The Croatian did not play in a major final until his remarkable run to the Wimbledon title as a wildcard in 2001 -- 13 years after turning professional . The former world No. 2 does n't see the absence of injured 11-time grand slam champion Rafael Nadal as having any bearing on Murray 's chances . "  I think Andy is ready , with or without him , " said Ivanisevic . "  He has beaten Rafa before anyway . If Andy plays well , he can win it . "  I would really like to see him win it -- he deserves it . He played a really great Olympic Games and I think this will give him extra motivation and confidence . The U.S. Open is his best surface so I think he will do it . " The draw made Thursday also threw up a likely semifinal clash between Murray and Federer . The Swiss begins his campaign against home opposition in the shape of Donald Young . Defending champion and second seed Djokovic starts against Italy 's Paolo Lorenzi . The women 's 2011 winner Sam Stosur was drawn against Croatia 's Petra Martic , with top seed Victoria Azarenka playing world No. 74 Alexandra Panova . Wimbledon and Olympic champion Serena Williams , in the same half of the draw as Azarenka , is in an all-American duel with Coco Vandeweghe . Serena 's elder sister Venus is also paired with an American . The seven-time major winner plays Bethanie Mattek-Sands on her return to the tournament where she was diagnosed with Sjogren 's Syndrome 12 months ago . Three-time champion Kim Clijsters , appearing in her final grand slam before retiring from the sport , faces Olympic mixed doubles silver medalist Laura Robson of Britain .	Seven-time grand slam winner Mats Wilander tips Andy Murray for U.S. Open glory Murray achieved the biggest win of his career by beating Roger Federer in Olympic final The world No. 4 has been beaten in four previous grand slam finals Murray drawn to face Federer in semifinals at Flushing Meadows
CNN  -- Rafael Benitez made a winning start to his career as Inter Milan coach as the European champions beat last season 's domestic rivals Roma 3-1 in the Italian Super Cup at the San Siro on Saturday . Benitez , who replace treble winner Jose Mourinho after leaving English club Liverpool , saw his new team maintain their dominance over the capital outfit , who finished second in both Serie A and the Italian Cup in 2009-10 . It was Inter 's fourth trophy of the year , with Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o netting two goals to join Alessandro Del Piero and Andrei Shevchenko at the top of the all-time list of Super Cup scorers with three goals following last year 's effort against Lazio in Beijing . "  I am very happy because we showed character after going behind , " Benitez told the Inter website after his side equaled city rivals AC Milan 's record of five Super Cup wins . "  It 's a title won by the players -- a title for them , the club and the fans . It was our first competitive match . It was n't easy but we did it . The players did well . My boys were n't fresh , but they worked hard . We 're hoping to be a bit fresher for the European Super Cup next week . " Inter take on Europa League winners Atletico Madrid of Spain in the European Super Cup next Friday , and kick off their Serie A season away to Bologna three days later . Claudio Ranieri 's Roma took the lead in the 21st minute in front of the 65,000 crowd through Norwegian defender John-Arne Riise , whose first-time finish from the edge of the penalty area was set up by captain Francesco Totti . Goran Pandev equalized three minutes before halftime after a bad pass by Roma striker Mirko Vucinic left his teammate Juan exposed , allowing the Macedonian to score . Eto'o put Inter ahead with 20 minutes to go from Champions League final Diego Milito 's cross , and sealed it 10 minutes later as he dispossessed substitute Rodrigo Taddei , exchanged passes with Wesley Sneijder and beat goalkeeper Bogdan Lobont . Meanwhile , Inter 's Italian rivals Juventus boosted their squad with the signing of Serbia international winger Milos Krasic from Russian club CSKA Moscow . Krasic , 25 , agreed a four-year contract and joins for a fee of $ 19 million . "  I received some proposals by Manchester City , Fenerbahce and other teams , but when I knew about the opportunity to join Juventus , I preferred to wait , " he told the Juventus website on Saturday . Juventus will also add Liverpool midfielder Alberto Aquilani to their squad on Monday if the Italy international passes a medical , having agreed a season-long loan for the 26-year-old . Aquilani has struggled since leaving Roma while still recovering from injury , and new Liverpool boss Roy Hodgson said he hoped the player could restore his previous form . Hodgson also ruled out any move for Netherlands World Cup star Dirk Kuyt , who has been linked with a move to Inter . "  I spoke to -LSB- Inter president -RSB- Massimo Moratti on Wednesday about the fact that they are not going to buy any Liverpool players , and Kuyt comes into that category , " Hodgson told Liverpool 's official website on Saturday . "  I believe Inter were only interested in two of our players and they are not going to buy them . Moratti said they are not going to do that . Kuyt is not for sale . " Liverpool 's future is still uncertain after Chinese businessman Kenny Huang confirmed on Friday that he had pulled out of the race to buy the club from American co-owners Tom Hicks and George Gillett .	Inter Milan win fourth trophy this year with 3-1 win over Roma in Italian Super Cup European champions come from behind with two goals from striker Samuel Eto'o Italian rivals Juventus sign Serbia winger Milos Krasic from Russian club CSKA Moscow Juve also agree season-long loan for Liverpool 's Italy midfielder Alberto Aquilani
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- A once-celebrated Japanese composer who last week confessed his works were written by a ghostwriter , and subsequently had doubt cast on his claim to be deaf , now admits at least partially faking his hearing loss . Mamoru Samuragochi , until recently hailed as a "  Japanese Beethoven " for composing hit symphonies despite claiming to have been completely deaf for 15 years , made the admission in a handwritten apology sent to news organizations through his lawyers . "  I apologize from the bottom of my heart for betraying and hurting many people , " he wrote , in his first public statement addressing the allegations about his hearing . In a televised press conference last week , a Tokyo music teacher named Takashi Niigaki revealed that he had secretly been the real composer of Samuragochi 's works for 18 years . He also expressed doubt over the composer 's claims of deafness -- central to his romantic public image as a genius who "  felt " music he could not hear -- saying that Samuragochi had conversed with him normally , and provided critiques on the music he contracted him to write over the years . "  I 've never felt he was deaf ever since we met , " he said . READ MORE : Uproar as ` Japanese Beethoven ' exposed as fraud In his written statement , Samuragochi , who is yet to publicly front over the scandal , said that he had been deaf , but in the past three years had recovered a degree of hearing . "  It has recovered to an extent where I could sometimes grasp words when someone speaks clearly and slowly close to my ears , though it sounds muffled and skewed , " he wrote . Stating that he planned to apologize to the public in person soon , Samuragochi added that he was prepared to have his hearing medically tested , and would forfeit his government-issued disability certificate if found ineligible . The eight-page letter also contained apologies to tsunami victims , for whom his most famous symphony had become an important symbol of resilience , and to Japanese Olympic figure skater Daisuke Takahashi , who planned to perform to another ghostwritten work in Sochi . Takahashi takes to the ice Thursday , and the Japanese Skating Federation has said that while the score will be used , the composer 's name will be omitted from the program . "  I am deeply ashamed of living a life of lies , " said Samuragochi 's statement . Samuragochi claimed to rely on his perfect pitch to compose his hit symphonies , movie scores and video game soundtracks after losing his hearing , telling TIME magazine in a 2001 interview that "  if you trust your inner sense of sound , you create something that is truer ... Losing my hearing was a gift from God . " When confessing that a ghostwriter had been involved in composing his most famous works , he claimed that he had provided the broader ideas for the music , while the collaborator had produced the finished scores . But Niigaki said he did not believe Samuragochi was even capable of writing musical scores , and had threatened to kill himself if their arrangement was exposed .	Disgraced "  deaf composer " Mamoru Samuragochi has admitted he has some hearing Composer hailed as the "  Japanese Beethoven " for writing hit symphonies despite deafness A Tokyo music teacher revealed he had been the ghostwriter of the music for 18 years He said he did not believe Samuragochi was deaf , or could write scores at all
CNN  -- A Miami prosecutor wants detectives to interview a few more witnesses before she decides if singer Chris Brown will be charged for allegedly snatching a woman 's cell phone last month . The case has serious implications for Brown , 22 , because he is still on probation for assaulting pop star Rihanna in February 2009 . Although he 's earned glowing probation reports , another arrest in Florida could be considered a probation violation by the Los Angeles judge . A woman filed a complaint against Brown after he allegedly grabbed her iPhone after she used it to take a photo of him in a car on a Miami street on February 19 , police said . "  We have taken the statements of our local witnesses and have just finished discussing with the lead Miami Beach detective the additional witness information supplied by Mr. Brown 's attorney Mark Geragos , " Miami-Dade State Attorney Katherine Fernandez Rundle said Thursday . Geragos , a Los Angeles lawyer , represented Brown after his domestic violence arrest . "  We now must interview these individuals , some of whom may be from out of state , just as we do in every criminal investigation in order to uncover the truth in its entirety , " Rundle said . Brown was sentenced to five years of probation , ending in 2014 , and ordered to serve more than 1,400 hours in "  labor-oriented service " after he pleaded guilt to assaulting Rihanna on the eve of the 2009 Grammy Awards . That incident also involved a cell phone . According to Brown 's probation report , an argument began when Rihanna found a text message on Brown 's cell phone from "  a woman who Brown had a previous sexual relationship with . " Brown punched Rihanna numerous times and put her in a head lock , restricting her breathing and causing her to start to lose consciousness , according to a police report . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Detectives will interview out-of-state witnesses suggested by Brown 's lawyer A woman says Brown grabbed her iPhone after she took a photo of him in Miami last month Arrest could have serious implications , as he 's on probation for assaulting pop star Rihanna Brown is on probation until 2014
Despite his designer clothes and BMW , Isla Vista shooting suspect Elliot Rodger was not from a wealthy family . Rodger 's father , a photographer and film director , was deeply in debt , and his mother made just $ 40,000 a year as a research assistant for a film company , according to documents from his parents ' divorce . Santa Barbara County , California , investigators say Rodger , 22 , stabbed to death three people in his apartment , shot two women to death outside a sorority house and killed another man inside a deli with gunfire before apparently killing himself near the campus of the University of California at Santa Barbara on Friday . Timeline to ` Retribution ' : Isla Vista attacks planned over years The 107,000-word "  story " that Rodger sent to his parents , therapists and several others just before the killings suggested that he was angry that his parents were not wealthy . "  Where 's the justice ? I thought . Why could n't I have been born into that life ? " Rodger wrote . His father 's family in Britain "  was once part of the wealthy upper classes before they lost all of their fortune during the Great Depression , " he wrote . Rodger 's mother and father had rich friends in Los Angeles , which allowed him to sometimes enjoy the benefits of money , such as tickets to a private Katy Perry concert in 2012 . "  I tried to pretend as if I was part of a wealthy family , " he wrote about that night . "  I should be . That was the life I was meant to live . I WOULD BE ! " He blamed his parents for his lack of wealth . "  If only my damnable mother had married into wealth instead of being selfish , " he wrote . She dated wealthy men after her divorce , giving her son hope and prompting him to "  pester " her to marry one , he said . "  I will always resent my mother for refusing to do this . If not for her sake , she should have done it for mine . Joining a family of great wealth would have truly saved my life . I would have a high enough status to attract beautiful girlfriends and live above all of my enemies . " His father also failed him , he wrote . "  If only my failure of a father had made better decisions with his directing career instead wasting his money on that stupid documentary . " The documentary -- a film about celebrities ' view of God titled "  Oh My God " -- plunged his father into debt when Rodger was a teenager and caused him to stop paying child support , according to court papers . "  My business has not generated any income in over a year , " Peter Rodger said in a 2009 filing asking the judge to modify his $ 2,000 a month child support payments for his two children . "  As a result , I currently receive no income from any source . I am searching for employment , but have been unable to find a job . " His mother noted that her former husband used the equity in his home to finance the documentary , but she agreed to a one-year suspension of child support . With her monthly income just $ 3,200 a month , she said had to "  depend in the generosity of family and friends to make ends meet . " It was his working mother 's generosity to her adult son , including paying his rent and the gift of a used BMW 328i , that allowed Rodger to live in the college community of Isla Vista . He bought his three handguns with money saved from gifts from grandparents and the $ 500 a month his father sent him , according to Rodger 's writing . Five revelations from the ` twisted world ' of a ` kissless virgin ' He became obsessed with gaining wealth as the "  only way I could lose my virginity , the only way I could have the beautiful girlfriend I know I deserve . " "  I had no talents , so it was impossible for me to become a professional actor , musician , or athlete ; and those were usually the ways that young people acquired such money , " he wrote . "  I could invent something , or start a business just like Mark Zuckerberg did with Facebook , but the chances of me achieving such a thing were the same chances I had of winning the lottery anyway . " He played California 's Mega Millions lottery whenever the jackpot rose above $ 100 million . He drove to Arizona four times to buy Powerball lottery chances . He went into a rage each time he did not win . "  Without the prospect of becoming wealthy at a young age , I had nothing to live for now , " Rodger wrote . "  I was going to be a virgin outcast forever . I realized that I had to start planning and preparing for the Day of Retribution , even though I had n't yet had any idea of what day that would be . " The divorce documents also confirmed that Elliot Rodger was diagnosed with Asperger syndrome , a form of autism , when he was 7 . "  Elliot has special needs , " his mother said in a sworn statement . "  He is a high functioning autistic child . " That he was autistic should not lead to a conclusion that autism had any connection to the attacks , according to Scott Badesch , the president of the Autism Society of America . "  Reputable study after study has concluded there is no such link . "	Rodger 's father fell into debt because of failed film , court papers show His mother said she depended "  on the generosity of family and friends to make ends meet " Shooting suspect calls dad a "  failure of a father " Rodger blames "  damnable mother " for not marrying a rich man
President Barack Obama says his feelings are n't hurt by Democrats who do n't want to campaign side-by-side with him because those candidates are "  strong allies and supporters of me " when casting votes in Congress . "  The bottom line is , though , these are all folks who vote with me . They have supported my agenda in Congress , " Obama said on Al Sharpton 's radio show Monday , ticking off measures like a minimum wage increase , equal pay , investments in infrastructure and early childhood education . "  So , this is n't about my feelings being hurt , " he said . "  These are folks who are strong allies and supporters of me . And I tell them , I said , ` You know what , you do what you need to win . I will be responsible for making sure that our voters turn up . ' " His comments were similar to ones he made at Northwestern University earlier this month -- which Republicans immediately plugged into campaign ads . Those comments , former White House adviser David Axelrod said , were a political mistake . Obama 's remarks could harm endangered red-state Democrats and offer a boost to Republicans who need to capture six seats to gain control of the Senate for the President 's final two years in office .	Obama says "  these are all folks who vote with me " President made comments on Al Sharpton 's radio show
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Adele thanked her doctors "  who brought my voice back " as she accepted one of six Grammy awards Sunday night , and she later proved their work was true with a strong vocal performance . The 23-year-old British songstress was crying by the time she accepted her sixth award -- for the most prized album of the year Grammy . "  I just first want to say ` Mom , girl did good , ' " Adele said . "  It 's been the most life-changing year , " she said . Adele , who underwent surgery for "  recurrent vocal cord hemorrhage " in November , sang "  Rolling In The Deep , " ending speculation about her recovery . Adele enjoyed a loud and long standing ovation from the packed Staples Centers audience after her strong delivery . Just minutes earlier , she and songwriting partner Paul Epworth won the song of the year Grammy for their collaboration on the song . She also won Grammys for record of the year , best pop solo performance , best short form music video and best pop vocal album for "  21 . " Chris Brown 's career rehabilitation from his arrest for the beating of his then-girlfriend Rihanna just before the 2009 Grammys took another step forward with a Grammy win and two performances Sunday . "  We got one ! " the 22-year-old Brown said during a short acceptance speech after winning a Grammy for best R&B album . Rihanna was given her turn to perform during the same hour , collaborating with Coldplay on stage . The Beach Boys , celebrating their 50th anniversary as a group , performed together publicly for the first time in two decades , joined on stage by Foster The People and Maroon 5 . "  It was a good vibration , " Beach Boy Mike Love said backstage . "  It was fun , fun , fun , too . " "  It 's a big event in our lives , " Brian Wilson said . "  What more can you ask for ? " One-time Beach Boy Glen Campbell watched from near the stage , and later performed in his own Grammys tribute . Campbell , 75 , launched his "  Goodbye Tour " last year after revealing he had been diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease . Campbell was joined by current Grammy nominees Blake Shelton and The Band Perry for a live performance as part of a tribute to Campbell , a five-time Grammy winner . "  Thank y' all so much , " Campbell said , after a rousing rendition of "  Rhinestone Cowboy " during which he showed no sign of disability . Campbell was presented a Grammy lifetime achievement award in a ceremony earlier . Tributes to Whitney Houston , who died suddenly Saturday , were frequent in the telecast , including a replay of her memorable Grammy performance of "  I Will Always Love You . " Jennifer Hudson later performed the song at the end of the traditional Grammy segment honoring those who died in the previous year . Host LL Cool J said a prayer for Houston in the first minutes for the 54th annual awards show . Alicia Keys and Bonnie Raitt sang a musical tribute to legendary singer Etta James , who died last month . American folk indie favorite Bon Iver was awarded the best new artist Grammy . "  When I started to make songs , I did it for the inherent reward of making songs , so I 'm a little uncomfortable up here , " singer-songwriter Justin Vernon said as he accepted . The Grammy for best rock performance went to Foo Fighters for "  Walk . " It was the fifth Grammy given the group Sunday . Lady Antebellum won the Grammy for best country album for "  Own The Night . " Jay-Z and Kanye West won for best rap performance for their collaboration "  Otis . " It was the fourth Grammy won by West Sunday . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Adele gets long , loud standing ovation after proving her voice is strong after surgery Beach Boys ' reunion is a "  good vibration , " Mike Love says after Grammy performance Glen Campbell 's "  goodbye " Grammy performance showed no signs of disability Chris Brown wins Grammy and performs three years after arrest
CNN  -- Portugal 's Rui Costa rode to glory in Gap Tuesday as Tour de France leader Chris Froome was left fuming by a late high speed tangle with arch rival Alberto Contador . Movistar rider Costa was part of a 26-strong breakaway group , who were allowed free reign on the 16th stage as Froome and the rest of the yellow jersey contenders waged their own private battle . Costa , who was winning his second Tour stage , crossed the line after 168km from Vaison-la-Romaine to Gap in three hours 52 minutes 45 seconds . He made a timely attack on the final second category climb of a testing day 's racing to finish 42 seconds clear of second placed Christophe Riblon of France . Britain 's Froome came under repeated attack on the final ascent from Contador of Spain , but with help from Sky teammate Richie Porte , each was repulsed . The final tricky descent into Gap saw Saxo Tinkoff 's Contador make further attempts to claw back vital time on the race leader , but on a sharp corner , just over eight kilometers from the finish , he hit the tarmac . Froome was also impeded and had to briefly take one foot out of his pedals , but was unscathed . Porte then guided the pair back to the elite group , which also contained second-placed Bauke Mollema , Czech Roman Kreuziger and Nairo Quintana of Colombia . Contador appeared to be examining injuries to his elbow , but rode freely to the finish . He remained in third place overall , 11 seconds behind Mollema , but four minutes 25 seconds in arrears of the all-conquering Froome , who was clearly unimpressed by Contador 's approach . "  It was bit careless of Contador , " he told ITV Sport . "  He overcooked one of the corners and came off in front of me . "  I just think at this stage of the race he is obviously getting desperate , attacking on the descents , " he added . The big loser on the day was Mollema 's Belkin teammate Laurens Ten Dam , who was distanced by the late attacks and dropped out of the top five . Dutchman Mollema was praised though for his sportmanship in refraining from making a further attack after Contador and Froome were held up by their incident . Wednesday 's 17th stage will give another clue as to the eventual winner of the centenary edition of the Tour -- a 32km mountain time trial from Embrun to Chorges in the Alps . Froome , who extended his lead by winning Sunday 's stage to Mont Ventoux , will be favored to take the honors as he bids to improve his second place on the 2012 Tour .	Portugal 's Rui Costa wins 16th stage of Tour de France Costa part of a breakaway group which stayed clear Britain 's Chris Froome retains overall lead and yellow jersey Alberto Contador crashes on final descent but stays third
CNN  -- Three self-proclaimed anarchists who plotted to blow up a bridge with plastic explosives pleaded guilty Wednesday in federal court in Cleveland . After an undercover operation , the FBI arrested five suspects in the plot on April 30 of this year . The FBI called the plan an act of domestic terrorism . Ohio defendants Brandon Baxter , 20 , of Lakewood , and Connor Stevens , 20 , of Berea admitted their roles in a plan to remotely detonate improvised devices containing C-4 explosives , with the goal of toppling a bridge over Cuyahoga Valley National Park near Cleveland , according to Northern Ohio District U.S. Attorney Steven Dettelbach . Opinion : Homegrown terror is n't just Islamist An Indianapolis conspirator , Douglas Wright , 26 , also pleaded guilty Wednesday to the same charges -- conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction , attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction and use of an explosive device to destroy property used in interstate commerce , said Dettelbach and Stephen Anthony , who heads the FBI field division in Cleveland . A fourth defendant , Anthony Hayne , 35 , of Cleveland , pleaded guilty to the same charges in July and faces a recommended sentence of 14 to 19 years in prison . The fifth defendant , Ohio native Joshua Stafford , is undergoing examinations and awaits a competency hearing after he attempted to take his own life , according to an official with the U.S. attorney 's office in Cleveland . Authorities said the defendants had considered several targets during a period of several months before settling on the bridge connecting Brecksville and Sagamore Hills in Ohio . U.S. attorney 's office spokesman Mike Tobin said the three defendants who pleaded guilty Wednesday will face prison terms of from 30 years to life when they are sentenced in early November .	Three of five people arrested on April 30 plead guilty They plotted to blow up a bridge over Cuyahoga Valley National Park near Cleveland Another suspect pleaded guilty earlier , and the other is undergoing examinations
Warsaw , Ohio  CNN  -- Seth Rice is a 2-year-old boy full of energy , curiosity and emotions . Watching him play with his toys , you do n't notice any of the emotional toll that having a parent deploy can take on a little boy . Let alone having both parents deploy , for nearly seven months simultaneously . But that 's what Seth 's parents did , choosing to deploy to Afghanistan together , rather than have one stay home with Seth while the other deployed . That decision may be hard for some parents to fathom , but for the Rices it was the best option . "  It was very difficult , " Marine Staff Sgt. Jeff Rice said in an interview from Camp Leatherneck , where he and his wife are based . "  It took a lot of back-and-forth discussions , " Navy Petty Officer 1st Class Chat Rice said . Part of what made the decision less difficult was Seth 's age . "  We were thinking that a 2-year-old would n't remember too much of us being gone than if we had to do it when he was 7 , when he 'd remember the whole thing , " Jeff explained . Still , the day they left was hard for them . "  It was a very difficult day . Just wanted to hold him , told him we loved him , and that we 'd be home soon , even though he did n't understand that , " Jeff said . Chat could n't put it into words : "  I do n't think a mother could ever describe that feeling , leaving your son . " The genesis of the idea came from previous deployments , when Chat would came back from the war zone and Jeff had to leave a few weeks later . "  She deployed to Iraq in 2004 and then as soon as she came back I deployed to Iraq in 2005 shortly after . It was about two weeks that we got to hang out together . It was very hard , because you try to catch up in those two weeks . " So when new orders came , they decided they wanted more time together as a couple , and that that meant leaving their 2-year-old in the States . But that difficult decision was made much easier by Jeff 's parents . "  They asked us if we would be willing to keep Seth and of course that was a no-brainer , we said yes , " said Jamie Rice , Seth 's grandfather . "  I 'm just thankful that we 've been able to be there , and spend time with him and see him a lot more than what we would have before , " Pam Rice , Jeff 's mother , said . "  It 's just been a blessing . " Seth and his parents live in Southern California , and most of his relatives on his father 's side live in Ohio . So for the last seven months he 's gotten to know that side of his family . But perhaps the true saving grace for Jeff and Chat is a software application that was n't even around when the war started in Afghanistan , the video chatting program Skype . The first time Jeff deployed to war , he wrote home only a few times . Now , with high-speed internet connections , he and Chat can call home and see Seth and he can see them . But since he 's just 2 , Seth is not the ideal video chatter yet . Instead of talking to his parents on the computer , he 'll play with balloons or his basketball . He even puts the basketball in front of the computer screen with his mother and father on it and ask them to shoot . Jeff said these video chats are important to helping them cope . "  It 's huge , because no matter how rough your day goes , we get to see our little son ... takes all the worries and everything away , " Jeff said . "  It really boosts your morale ... being able to see him grow day by day , and hearing the new words he learned to say and showing you everything he learned . " Having the ability to communicate so easily with the home front can be a double-edged sword for deployed troops , said Kelly Hruska of the National Military Family Association . Hruska cites her own experience , as the wife of a soldier who deployed to Iraq but was frustrated when their daughter refused to Skype with him , avoiding the sessions . " ` Why does n't she want to talk with me ? ' " Kelly recalls her husband asking . "  It was after a few months that we finally realized that her way of coping with the deployment was out-of-sight , out-of-mind . And that by talking to him on the phone , by Skyping with him -- it was just a reminder that he was n't there and it was hard on her . " Technology also means troops ca n't immerse themselves in war , like they used to . For some , it means dealing with problems at home that previously would be out of sight , out of mind . Jeff and Chat are expected to return to Southern California on Thursday , and that 's when this difficult choice pays off . Instead of just a couple of weeks together , the Rice family will have months and months without much concern that either parent or both will have to head off to war again . Perhaps the only regrets on that day will be from Seth 's grandparents . "  We 're already dreading letting him go back because we 're gon na miss him , so I ca n't imagine how his parents feel , " Jamie said . "  It would just be devastating , I think . " Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	Enlisted parents decide to leave 2-year-old with grandparents "  It was very difficult , " boy 's Marine dad says But after 7-month separation , family to be together again
CNN  -- Prepare to meet the young apprentices to China 's Masters sensation Guan Tianlang . The 14-year-old stunned the golfing world when he made the halfway cut as the youngest player to enter the prestigious major , finishing as Augusta 's leading amateur . But Guan is likely to be just the start as China prepares to unveil its next crop of golfing prodigies at this week 's China Open in Tianjin . China 's brat pack is led by 12-year-old Ye Wocheng , who tees off as the youngest player in the history of the European Tour on Thursday . Alongside him will be15-year-old Bai Zhengkai , who earned his place in the field after winning the China Junior Match Play Championship , as well as qualifier Dou Zecheng , a relative old-timer at 16 years of age . That trio will all be hoping to follow the headline-grabbing example set by Guan at last month 's Masters . "  We 're always all helping each other out , and turning to one another for advice , " explained Ye , who at 12 years and 242 days will beat the record for the youngest competitor at the China Open set by Guan last year . "  I think the main reason for the success of young Chinese players is that we pick up the game at an early age , and we practice really hard . Hopefully that practice can pay off this week . " The Chinese youngsters will be up against the likes of Europe 's Ryder Cup captain Paul McGinley and Scotland 's Ryder Cup player Paul Lawrie at the Binhai Lake course , but if Ye finds that youth is not quite a match for experience he has a secret weapon to hand . "  I always wear my lucky hat out on the course , because it helps me shoot lower , " Ye , who lives in the industrial city of Donggaun in Guangdong province , explained . "  I played really well the first time I wore it , and have worn it ever since . Hopefully the luck continues this week . "  I 'm very happy to be the youngest player on the European Tour , and also a little nervous at the same time . "  My main aim this week is just to go out there and enjoy it ; I do n't really want to think too much about the result . " Ye is coached by Englishman David Watson , who as a junior played alongside future Ryder Cup players Justin Rose and Lee Westwood . Watson has been coaching in China for the last decade and has been working with Ye since he was nine , describing the teenager 's potential as "  limitless " . "  At the moment , I do n't believe that Ye has too many close rivals of the same age , " Watson told the European Tour website . "  The China Open will be tough for him , but we will be ready . " Bai is aiming to be around for the whole weekend at the China Open . "  Hopefully I can make the cut this week -- that is my goal . I 've played many practice rounds on the course , and it 's very difficult . Some holes against the wind will be very tough to make par on , but all I can do is try my best . " South Africa 's defending champion Branden Grace , who tied for 18th in the Masters , is only 24 but is in awe of Chinas ' burgeoning talent . "  It 's amazing , " he said . "  I only started playing the game at 11 , so I would n't like to think what handicap I was playing off when I was 12 ! "  I spoke to -LSB- Ye 's -RSB- coach and he told me he 's been winning almost every amateur tournament he 's played in this year . "  So I 'll be looking out for his results here this week , as I 'm sure will most other people . It 's a great story , great for him and for the game of golf in general . " Reprieve for Singh Meanwhile , the Professional Golf Association  PGA  has cleared three-time major winner Vijay Singh of infringing the Tour 's anti-doping policy . The 50-year-old admitted earlier this year to using deer antler spray which contains small extracts of growth hormone IGF-1 , a substance listed on the PGA 's list of banned products . The PGA sanctioned Singh but the Fijian golfer appealed , saying he did not know the product contained banned substances . The World Anti-Doping Authority  WADA  has since said it no longer considers using deer antler spray to be prohibitive unless it resulted in a positive test . That statement led the PGA to rule that Singh should no longer face a ban , ruling : "  Based on this new information , and given WADA 's lead role in interpreting the prohibited list , the Tour deemed it only fair to no longer treat Mr.Singh 's use of deer antler spray as a violation . "	Ye Wocheng to make history as the youngest player on the European Tour at China Open The 12-year-old is joined by teenage talent Bai Zhengkai and Dou Zecheng Golfers hope to follow the lead set by China 's Masters sensation Guan Tianlang The PGA lifts doping sanctions against Vijay Singh
Editor 's note : In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . Here , Soledad O'Brien tells users about her work with young people who videotaped their stories in post-Katrina New Orleans . From left : Shantia Reneau , Deshawn Dabney , Soledad O'Brien , Amanda Hill and Brandon Franklin . NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- Eighteen-year-old Amanda Hill sits on a plastic lawn chair in a gutted home , talking straight into a camera . She looks shell-shocked , as if she has survived a war , and in a way that is exactly what has happened . Amanda and her grandmother lost their home and their livelihood as a result of Hurricane Katrina . "  I know what it is like not to have the finer things in life , " she says , "  and I do n't need that to be happy , but I wake up at 3 a.m. to hearing my grandma crying because she does n't know if she 'll have money to put milk in the fridge or bread on the table . " Watch Amanda 's story Amanda speaks these words on the very first tape she sends to us in February of this year . She is one of 11 New Orleans-area students , age 12 to 20 , who received cameras from me and filmmaker Spike Lee in January . Their mission : Take the cameras and tell us the story of your post-Katrina lives . For instance , Amanda tells us her grandmother , Dolores , has mentioned suicide . "  All I could say was it 's going to be OK , when in my heart I do n't think it is . " Dolores has raised Amanda since she was 11 years old . That was the year her mother died from cancer . Since returning to St. Bernard Parish , east of New Orleans , Dolores has tried to support the two of them while working at McDonald 's . In early spring , 15-year-old Deshawn Dabney confides to his camera , "  I do n't want to be dead at 15 . I have dreams , a whole life to live . I want to be this huge entertainer ... and there is no way I can do that if I 'm dead . " He has reason to be concerned . He is speaking just days after a neighbor , 17-year-old Anthony Placide , was killed by a gunshot wound to the head . The shooting happened only a few hundred feet from Deshawn 's front door . Watch Deshawn 's story On another tape we get a few days later , Deshawn is interviewing Anthony 's 14-year-old brother , Jamell Hurst . "  I was shocked , " Jamell tells Deshawn about his brother 's murder . By now , I 'm a bit shocked too , by the emotions these kids are sharing on these tapes . Seventeen-year-old Shantia Reneau talks about her inability to afford the college of her dreams , Southeastern Louisiana University . All of the family 's extra money is going toward rebuilding their damaged home in the 9th Ward . They 're living in a FEMA trailer in a parking lot . "  I really want to go to Southeastern , but if not , I 'll have to stay down here , " she says while walking along her damaged street . "  I did n't want to . New Orleans has nothing to offer , nothing , not a thing . " Watch Shantia 's story Nineteen-year-old Brandon Franklin is looking outside New Orleans , too . He wants to go away to college to study to become a band director . But it may be a tough road for him . He is raising a 1-year-old with his live-in girlfriend , Ivorionne , and they have another baby on the way . "  I feel like we 're a little bit too young for the responsibilities we have , " he tells the camera in a strong , confident voice . "  But I feel like I can do anything I put my mind to . " Seeing and hearing him , you want to believe it . Watch Brandon 's story Amanda , Deshawn , Shantia and Brandon are among the approximately 30,000 students who attend public schools in Orleans and St. Bernard Parish nearly two years after the storm , down from more than 75,000 before Katrina hit . On the day we distributed the cameras , Spike Lee told the kids to "  just go out and shoot , tape is cheap . " With this cheap tape these kids have taught us all a powerful , infinitely valuable lesson that will stay with me forever . E-mail to a friend	Soledad O'Brien and Spike Lee gave kids cameras in January One student 's neighbor was killed by a gunshot Student may not go to chosen college as family 's money goes to rebuild home
At least 26 workers died in a blaze Tuesday at a Mexican gas facility near the Texas border , the state oil company Pemex said . Investigators were working to determine what caused the accident , which occurred near Reynosa , Mexico . Four of the dead were employees of the state oil company and 22 were contractors , Pemex said . The fire , which occurred after a blast at the facility , had been extinguished as of Tuesday afternoon , the company said in a Twitter post . "  The fire is extinguished , and the situation is under control , " Pemex said . Some pipes and valves were damaged , Pemex said . At the facility , gas is processed from Mexico 's Burgos field . In recent years , explosions and fires have been reported after illegal tapping of the state oil company 's pipelines .	Mexico 's state oil company says 26 workers died The blast occurred near Reynosa , Mexico A fire that occurred after the blast has been extinguished , Pemex says
New York  CNN  -- The Detroit City Council passed a financial consent agreement Wednesday evening with a 5-4 vote , which grants the city the power to void contracts and slash costs but not provide state funding or loans to bail the city out of its financial problems . City and state officials avoided a Thursday deadline to save the city from the threat of looming financial insolvency or a takeover of city government by Michigan . The consent agreement was backed by Mayor Dave Bing and Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder . The deputy mayor of Detroit , Kirk Lewis , signed off on the consent agreement on behalf of Bing , who is recuperating from a hospital stay . Snyder issued a statement shortly after the vote and commended the council for acting "  responsibly , " but said there is still work to be done . "  The magnitude of the city 's financial challenges means that many difficult decisions lie ahead , " the governor said . "  We must build on this spirit of cooperation and be willing to act in the city 's long-term interests . " The review team voted to accept the agreement before the city council met . Fierce opposition from unions -- in a city that remains a bastion of labor power -- threatened to stymie efforts to pass the rescue package . If the city council did not agree on the deal , Snyder could have , by law , appointed an "  emergency manager " who would have assumed the powers of the mayor and council to run day-to-day operations . The city council was under pressure from the public and city unions to reject the deal with the state . At the same time , it would lose its powers if Snyder went ahead and named an emergency manager . The only action it has taken this week to deal with the crisis was to double the city 's corporate income tax to 2 % . Years of decline in population and businesses and a shrinking of the tax base have pushed Detroit into a deep financial hole despite a recent resurgence in the U.S. auto industry . Without more cost cutting , the city wo n't be able to pay its bills come June . An estimate in January , the most recent available , was that the city would be down to $ 20.9 million in the bank by the end of this week . An emergency manager would have had the authority to void contracts with unions and vendors . He or she could also sell off various city assets , from the water department to valuable art in the city 's museum . As the debates , negotiations and lawsuits raged this week , they did so without Bing , who was recently released from the hospital after serious intestinal surgery and wo n't return to work for two weeks . Both Bing and Snyder said they want to avoid a state takeover , which in itself could be the first step toward the largest municipal bankruptcy in the nation 's history . While Detroit continues to struggle financially , the U.S. automakers based in or near the city have enjoyed a financial resurgence . General Motors reported a record profit in 2011 . And a pick up in auto sales and hiring has led to a nearly two-point drop in Michigan 's unemployment rate over the last 12 months , the biggest improvement of any state . CNN 's Jordana Ossad contributed to this report .	City faces insolvency ; vote prevents Michigan state takeover Without more cost cutting , the city wo n't be able to pay its bills come June City of Detroit struggling , but its automakers enjoying financial resurgence
CNN  -- The disease that carves an insidious path through the brain seems to be doing the same through sports . Chronic traumatic encephalopathy , the degenerative brain disease associated with concussions , has been identified in both a soccer and a rugby player , according to a review in the journal Acta Neuropathologica . The brain tissue of people found to have CTE displays an abnormal build-up of tau -- a protein that , when it spills out of cells , can choke off , or disable , neural pathways controlling things like memory , judgment and fear . CTE can be diagnosed only after death . According to Dr. Ann McKee , a neuropathologist who has examined dozens of brains found to have CTE , the brain of the soccer player -- Patrick Grange -- displayed diffuse disease . "  There was very severe degeneration of the frontal lobes with widespread tau pathology in the frontal , temporal and parietal lobes , " McKee , director of neuropathology at the Bedford VA Medical Center , said in an e-mail . "  He is one of the youngest players to have shown this much disease . " Former NFLer : ` Your mind just goes crazy ' Grange played with the Chicago Fire Reserve MLS team and the Albuquerque Asylum semi-pro team , according to his obituary . He died in 2012 at 29 after being diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , a rare , incurable neurodegenerative disease . About 13 % of the 103 CTE cases uncovered by McKee and colleagues also showed evidence of progressive motor neuron disease . "  Grange  had no known genetic predisposition for ALS , " said McKee , professor of neurology and pathology at the Boston University School of Medicine . "  And no family members have been diagnosed with ALS . " An autopsy showed that Grange had Stage 2 CTE with motor neuron disease , according to a statement from Boston University . His case is interesting because it raises questions about the relationship between heading the ball and CTE . "  The fact that Patrick Grange was a prolific header is important , " Chris Nowinski , co-founder and executive director of the Sports Legacy Institute , said in an e-mail . "  We need a larger discussion around at what age we introduce headers , and how we set limits to exposure once it is introduced . " Heading would seem to be innocuous compared with the brutal hits that can be dealt in a football or hockey game , but the damage , according to studies , can add up . Headers in soccer are associated with microstructural damage to brain tissue and memory problems ; and an Italian study linked them with ALS . Similarly , researchers found Australian rugby union player Barry "  Tizza " Taylor died in 2013 of complications of severe CTE with dementia at age 77 . Taylor played for 19 years in amateur and senior leagues before becoming a coach , according to Boston University . "  Cognitive problems , memory loss , attention difficulties and executive dysfunction were first noted in his mid-50s , followed by depression and anxiety , worsening explosivity and impulsivity , " the statement said . By his mid-60s , the statement said , Taylor was "  physically and verbally abusive " and "  paranoid . " Tony Dorsett : ` I 'm going to beat this ' CTE is most commonly associated with football and boxing , but the disease has been found in the brain tissue of hockey players , wrestlers and , recently , in a Major League Baseball player . With the most recent findings , it would seem that virtually no sport is immune .	A new study identifies CTE in soccer and rugby players CTE can develop from repeated blows to the head The research raises questions about "  heading " in soccer
CNN  -- The days of being cut off from the Internet while you 're on a plane are quickly disappearing . An American Airlines passenger uses Wi-Fi to access the Internet during a flight . A number of domestic airlines have recently begun offering Wi-Fi Internet access aboard planes , and other airlines say they are working toward making it happen . "  This is the year " for Wi-Fi on planes , said Jack Blumenstein , president and CEO of Aircell , whose Gogo ® Inflight Internet service provides access on Delta Air Lines , American Airlines , AirTran and Virgin America flights , and will begin testing on United flights later this year . Gogo is installed on more than 200 commercial planes , and Blumenstein said he expected 1,200 aircraft to have Gogo capability by the end of 2009 . For now , Wi-Fi on domestic carriers ' planes is limited to flights within North America . Gogo , which operates by transmitting signals from ground-level towers , functions across the United States and up to about 300 miles offshore . The company 's access will cover the entire continent within a year or two , Blumenstein said . Row 44 , which uses satellite technology to provide connectivity to Southwest Airlines and Alaska Airlines , already covers much of North America and will roll out trans-Atlantic and European service in the third quarter of this year , said the company 's CEO , John Guidon . Neither company would release the exact cost of turning airplanes into Wi-Fi hot spots . But Blumenstein said Aircell managed to equip a plane for "  substantially " less than $ 100,000 . Row 44 , which bills itself as the "  industrial-strength solution " to airplane connectivity , costs hundreds of thousands of dollars per plane , Guidon said . Another company , LiveTV , is a subsidiary of JetBlue that provides free e-mail and messaging aboard flights but does n't offer open Web surfing . LiveTV , which uses air-to-ground technology , provides the service on select JetBlue flights and also is working with Frontier Airlines on offering Internet access aboard its planes . The Wi-Fi venture has the potential to be "  very profitable , " said Harlan Platt , an airline industry expert and professor of finance at Northeastern University in Boston , Massachusetts . "  Normally , air carriers rush to purchase capital equipment that raises their cost but does n't raise their revenue . ... This is actually a revenue-producing tactic . And it 's a good one because it 's providing value to the passenger and it 's creating incremental revenues for the airline , " Platt said . Aircell , which shares its revenue from Gogo with the airlines , charges $ 9.95 for flights under three hours , $ 12.95 for flights longer than three hours and $ 7.95 to use a Wi-Fi capable handheld device for any flight length . Passengers can begin using the service once the plane reaches 10,000 feet . If the plane remains in flight for longer than three hours as part of a delay , passengers do not pay the higher fee , Blumenstein said . Platt believes that business model will evolve to entice more passengers to use it . The size of those fees could result in "  a whole segment of the market that they 're not going to capture , " said Platt . The airlines will maximize their profits by convincing more passengers to use the system with a lower price , he said . Platt predicted Aircell and the airlines would create a second tier of service , which would be less expensive but with fewer capabilities . He compared the strategy to airlines ' price-reducing tactics to avoid empty seats on planes . As Aircell and Row 44 's services expand , LiveTV is monitoring passengers ' usage to gauge how to move ahead with its own business model , said Mike Moeller , vice president of sales and marketing for the company . "  Yes , broadband is coming . We 're sitting there asking , ` Who pays ? Is it the airlines or the customers ? And what will they pay ? What is the right technology ? ... When does all of this happen ? ' We 're in weird economic times , " Moeller said . As for the possibility of passengers offending their seat-mates by surfing for inappropriate content , Blumenstein said nine months of Wi-Fi availability on American yielded no such incidents . Still , airlines including American , Delta and United have requested screening for potentially offensive content , he said . On the other hand , Alaska Airlines , which uses Row 44 , does not plan on using the company 's content-blocking capabilities . Instead , flight attendants will follow standard protocol for objectionable material -- they 'll ask passengers to stow it away , said Bobbie Egan , an airline spokeswoman . Here is what major U.S. airlines offer , and what is coming up :	Many domestic airlines have begun offering Wi-Fi Internet access aboard planes Provider Aircell expects to have 1,200 planes equipped by the end of this year Another company , Row 44 , says it will have trans-Atlantic Wi-Fi in the third quarter
Atlanta  CNN  -- Jonathan Hanson and Katina Wright are determined to give their infant daughter a bright and stable future despite the cloud of uncertainty they face after years without steady work . Once successful real estate agents making six figures , Hanson and Wright are now living on the poverty line . "  We made some good money , " Hanson said . "  But with new regulations in real estate and different laws and just the amount of foreclosures on the market , it literally took our business away . " The last few years have been a downward spiral , says the Atlanta couple , who have been living off their savings . They 've sold jewelry and cars , and now they 're trying to sell their home to survive . Every day , they are faced with a tough decision . "  You have to pick and choose what you want to do , " Hanson said . "  It 's either eat that day or pay a bill . " They 're not alone . Millions of American families have slipped into what the U.S. Census Bureau defines as poor . About 46.2 million people are considered to be living in poverty , 2.6 million more than last year . "  Those that are in dire need , they 'll sell all their personal belongings to survive , " said Sal Dimiceli , one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 . Through his weekly newspaper column , Dimiceli hears from dozens of people each week who are facing hard times . And for decades , he has made every effort to help them get back on their feet . Through his nonprofit , The Time Is Now To Help , Dimiceli has provided about 500 people a year with food , rent , utilities and other necessities . "  We get them back on a track  so  that ... their pride is given back to them , " Dimiceli said this year . "  They can catch up . " There have n't been this many Americans living in poverty since 1993 , according to the Census Bureau . More than 15 % of the population is now considered poor . The rate is 22 % for children , meaning at least one of every five U.S. kids is living in poverty . "  If you qualify as being in poverty today , then you 're really in deep poverty , " said Mark Bergel , founder and executive director of A Wider Circle , a Maryland-based charity that provides furniture and other basic necessities to needy families . Bergel told CNN 's Lisa Sylvester that the numbers used to define poverty today are extremely low and "  based on an outdated formula from the '60s . " The Census Bureau defines an individual as poor if they make less than $ 11,139 a year . The dollar amount rises for every member added to the household . For example , the average family of four is considered poor if they make less than $ 22,314 . For a family of three like Hanson , Wright and their daughter , the threshold is just a little more than $ 17,000 . "  There 's a lot of people suffering , " said Karen Lee , a financial planner and author of several books , including "  Simple Steps to Help People Get Unstuck Financially . " Lee said it 's important for people who 've never faced poverty to keep a positive outlook and believe that things can get better . "  I have seen people go from riches to rags to riches to rags , " she said . "  You can rebuild , and you can completely change careers and rebuild . " That 's what Hanson and Wright are doing . Hanson is betting on a new business he started : building security cages for air conditioners to prevent copper theft . Wright is teaching herself Web development . "  I literally threw my Rolodex away , because it was all real-estate-related , " she said . "  It 's no longer of any use to me . So being able to let go is going to be a person 's biggest advantage . "	Poverty levels are the highest since 1993 , according to the U.S. Census Bureau At least one of every five American children is considered poor Many families face tough decisions every day on bills and basic necessities CNN Hero Sal Dimiceli has helped the working poor for decades in Wisconsin
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea 's new defense minister said his country would respond with airstrikes if North Korea attacks it again , South Korean state media reported Friday . It is some of the strongest rhetoric since the conflict broke out late last month . "  We will definitely air raid North Korea , " Kim Kwan-jin said at his confirmation hearing when asked how the South would respond if struck again , according to the official Yonhap News Agency . Kim was appointed defense minister last week amid growing tensions on the Korean peninsula following an exchange of gunfire between the two sides . His comments reflect a potential shift in South Korea 's policy toward provocations from the North . Previously , South Korean President Lee Myung-bak warned of severe consequences if the North launched another attack , but declined to name specifics . "  If the North commits any additional provocations against the South , we will make sure that it pays a dear price without fail , " he said in a nationally televised address Monday . Han Park , an expert on North Korea who has visited the country more than 50 times , called Kim 's comments "  an important development . " "  The use of airstrikes is quite significant , " said Park , a professor at the University of Georgia and director of the school 's Center for the Study of Global Issues . "  Just sending bullets from South Korea is one thing but sending aircraft over North Korea is something else . " However , he cautioned that the ramped-up rhetoric is "  almost entirely for domestic consumption " as the South deals with criticism over what some have called a weak response to the North 's November 23 shelling of South Korea 's Yeonpyeong Island . The attack killed four South Koreans -- two civilians and two military personnel -- and the South returned fire . The country 's defense minister at the time , Kim Tae-young , resigned last week after the exchange of fire . "  The climate is that the South Korean military did not respond strongly enough to the original attack , and that really led to the resignation of the defense minister , " Park said . "  So the new candidate for the job is expected to show strong resolve and determination in the strongest terms possible . " Last month 's attack was the first direct artillery assault on South Korea since 1953 , when an armistice ended fighting . The North accused the South of provoking the attack because shells from a South Korean military drill landed in the North 's territorial waters along the region 's tense maritime border in the Yellow Sea . Kim Kwan-jin criticized the South 's response to the attack , saying Friday that military officials should have ordered immediate airstrikes after the shelling , according to Yonhap . He also said the military missed intelligence pointing to a possible attack by the North . Meanwhile Friday , the South made preparations to begin new live-fire drills along five islands in the Yellow Sea -- including Yeonpyeong -- in an effort to deter future provocations from the North , Yonhap reported . The move threatens to further stoke tensions with the North . The live fire drills are a routine monthly exercise aimed at securing the safety of ships in the area , the South 's Joint Chiefs of Staff told CNN earlier this week . They were originally scheduled to begin Monday , but Yonhap reported that authorities have not determined the exact timing . One Joint Chiefs of Staff official was quoted by Yonhap as saying the South hopes to resume the drills "  as soon as possible . " North Korea previously warned that joint military drills between the United States and South Korea could lead to "  all-out war any time . " "  If the U.S. and the South Korean war-like forces fire even a shell into the inviolable land and territorial waters of the  Democratic People 's Republic of Korea  , they will have to pay dearly for this , " the Korean Central News Agency reported . The joint drills ended Tuesday . CNN 's Sarah Aarthun contributed to this report .	NEW : Expert says the threat is intended "  for domestic consumption " The defense minister says "  we will definitely air raid North Korea , " Yonhap reports Kim Kwan-jin was appointed defense minister amid growing tensions between the Koreas
New York  CNN  -- Mayor Bill de Blasio bit into some unexpected publicity recently when he was photographed politely eating pizza -- with a knife and fork . At a Staten Island pizzeria , no less . Now , the act that sent the Internet into a frenzy with chatter about what most New Yorkers scorn as a serious food flub portends to deliver some dough -- as in money -- to charity . Goodfella 's Pizzeria co-owner Marc Cosentino says he will auction off the infamous fork that de Blasio used in a charity fundraiser . After the mayor and his entourage went their way following a Friday stop at Goodfella 's , Cosentino decided it would be a good idea to hold on to the notorious fork . A retired NYPD sergeant , Cosentino baked up the idea to store the fork in an evidence bag and put it on display at the bar . "  You ca n't imagine all the people that come in that want to look at the fork and take pictures of it , " Cosentino told CNN on Wednesday . Dubbed by some with tongues firmly in cheek as the new mayor 's "  pizzagate , " the ensuing publicity has prompted multiple charities to reach out to Cosentino in hopes of getting a piece of the pie . When asked how much he thinks the renowned utensil would sell for , Cosentino referred to a previous charity benefit in 2013 for New York 's hungry when a dozen "  cronuts " -- half-croissant and half-doughnut pastries -- reportedly were auctioned for $ 14,000 . "  I think we can beat that , " Cosentino proudly said . As for the mayor with manners , his office released a statement to CNN giving the idea of a charity auction an extra topping . "  We hope they include the knife to raise even more funds , " the statement said . Will de Blasio be welcomed back in Goodfella 's Pizzeria following what some consider a pizza faux pas ? "  Absolutely ! He was a total gentleman , " Cosentino declared . "  As long as people are eating pizza it 's okay with me . " Snowstorm an early test for Bill de Blasio	To the "  gates " of political lore , add one for NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio : pizzagate The new mayor was photographed chowing down in a pizzeria , using a knife and fork Now the pizzeria owner wants to auction the infamous fork for charity De Blasio 's office is all for it : "  We hope they include the knife to raise even more funds "
CNN  -- Pioneering gay rights activist Frank Kameny died Tuesday evening at home in Washington , a spokesman said . He was 86 . "  He said everyone needs to know they are of value and respected , and by saying , ` Gay is good , ' he thought that reflected that feeling . He wanted dignity and self-respect , and that 's what he fought for , " according to Bob Witeck of the Kameny Papers Project . Kameny died peacefully of natural causes , according to his sister Edna Kameny Lavey . He was at a Human Rights Campaign dinner a week ago in a wheelchair , she said . "  Frank Kameny led an extraordinary life marked by heroic activism that set a path for the modern LGBT civil rights movement , " Human Rights Campaign President Joe Solmonese said in a statement . "  From his early days fighting institutionalized discrimination in the federal workforce , Dr. Kameny taught us all that ` Gay is Good . ' "  As we say goodbye to this trailblazer on National Coming Out Day , we remember the remarkable power we all have to change the world by living our lives like Frank -- openly , honestly and authentically , " said Solmonese , whose group works for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender rights . A seat at the front of the audience was reserved for Kameny when President Barack Obama in December 2010 signed into law the repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " which banned gay men and lesbians from serving openly in the U.S. armed forces . Kameny attended the ceremony wearing the Combat Infantryman Badge that he was awarded for his service in World War II . Kameny recalled his service fighting in the wake of the Battle of the Bulge : "  I dug my way across Europe slit trench by slit trench , practically . " But Kameny was not invited because of his heroism in World War II , but for his work toward changing the military policy of discharging homosexuals . Kameny , who had been discharged from the Army Map Service in 1957 for being gay , led a demonstration at the Pentagon in 1965 . Kameny called upon the nascent gay rights movement to model itself upon the civil rights movement . The homophile movement , as it was called at the time , said that homosexuals were triply condemned : The medical establishment deemed them mentally ill , the law made them criminals and religions branded them sinners . At a time when lesbians and gay men were so ostracized , the homophile movement decided its best tactic was to embrace the label of sickness : at least that seemed a half-step up from being criminals . But Kameny argued that such an approach was counterproductive , and that gay people should demand equality with heterosexuals . To gain equality , he argued , the movement needed to assert itself . Kameny led the way in tactics such as public demonstrations , went on the attack against the Civil Service Commission for its policy of firing homosexuals , and spearheaded an effort to get the homophile movement to take the position that homosexuality was not only not a mental illness but was on a par with heterosexuality . In 1968 , he got the only existing national association of gay rights organizations to adopt as its slogan a phrase that Kameny had coined , "  Gay is Good . "	NEW : Frank Kameny died peacefully of natural causes , his sister says Kameny , who served in WWII , fought against the Army 's policy of discharging homosexuals He urged what was then called the homophile movement to assert itself to achieve equality He worked to end homoexuality 's classification as a mental illness
CNN  As harried people everywhere will tell you , the pace of modern life seems to be constantly accelerating . It feels like we 're always rushing -- to our next appointment , our next business meeting , our next errand , our next plane . When we have a few precious minutes of downtime , we fill it on our phones , swiping from email to Facebook to "  Candy Crush " and back . No wonder there 's a growing chorus of experts urging us to slow down and unplug . Or even -- horrors ! -- to sit alone quietly with our thoughts . One of the leading proponents of this movement is essayist and travel writer Pico Iyer , whose recent TED talk , "  The Art of Stillness , " has been viewed almost a million times . "  My sense is that so many of us are racing around these days , from text to phone call to Twitter to breaking-news update , that we never have time to collect ourselves , to direct ourselves towards what we love , " Iyer told CNN in an email . Stillness is a cousin of mindfulness , another fashionable concept that encourages people to live in the moment . But where mindfulness focuses mostly on calming stress , stillness , as defined by Iyer , seeks to bring insight and perspective by stepping back from one 's daily existence . "  It can restore our sanity and balance ; it can remind us of what we really want to be doing -- and what we care most about , " said Iyer , who was inspired in part by a woman he sat next to on a plane who ignored her seatback screen and sat quietly for 12 hours without talking , reading , sleeping or listening to music . He recommends that people take a few minutes every day , or at least every week , to be alone without distractions and let their mind wander . Of course , this can be difficult in 2015 , when digital devices are constantly competing for our attention . But Iyer is not suggesting we give up our phones and laptops . "  None of us would want to go backwards or uninvent all the machines that have made our lives so much brighter and healthier and more fun . " Instead , he said , "  it 's up to us to take conscious measures to make sure we 're not lost in the rush . " Iyer 's ideas may be catching on . Tech workers are unplugging with "  Internet Sabbaths , " companies are adding stress-reduction programs for their employees , and "  mindful " practices such as yoga and meditation are flourishing . Iyer believes his talk  and related book  have struck a chord with people who feel overwhelmed by the demands of the digital age . "  People are drowning in information and running around so much that they get nothing done , " he said . "  It 's only by stepping back , I feel , that you can ensure that you 're making a life as well as a living . "	A growing movement encourages people to slow down , unplug and let the mind wander Pico Iyer 's TED talk , "  The Art of Stillness , " has been viewed almost a million times Stillness seeks to bring insight and perspective by stepping back from one 's daily existence
Stilwell , Oklahoma  CNN  -- As a teenager , Ricky Blackman carried an Oklahoma driver 's license with the words "  sex offender " stamped in red below his picture . His crime ? Having sex with a 13-year-old girl when he was 16 . The offense occurred when he lived in Iowa , and the label followed him to Oklahoma . As a Tier 3 offender on Oklahoma 's sex offender registry , Blackman could not attend high school , visit the town library , or go to his younger brother 's football games . But the label did more than limit where Blackman could go . It transformed him from an outgoing , sociable jock into an introvert who has trouble trusting people , his mother says . "  He 's not the same , " said Mary Duval , a straight-talker who has become a full-time activist to reform sex offender legislation since her son 's conviction . "  I used to get a kick out of Ricky , " she added . "  He was so fun-loving and just full of life . I mean , there 's no other word . Ricky was full of life and now he 's definitely more cautious , more reserved . " Now 20 , Blackman tenses up when he sees children at a supermarket and avoids talking to girls his age , even if they initiate contact , his mother says . "  I got a lot more fear in me , I mean , because anything could happen , " Blackman said . "  Say you 're on the registry , and you 're in the mall and a kid comes up missing . Well , guess what ? You 're the first person they 're going to because you 're on the sex offender registry . " Blackman lived with the "  sex offender " label for nearly four years , until a law that took effect in Oklahoma in November removed his name from the registry . His soft-spoken , reserved manner belies Blackman 's hulking physical presence -- a reminder of his days as a high school athlete . On a sunny afternoon in December , he met a CNN reporter in the parking lot of the Stilwell Public Library , arm-in-arm with his mother , who is blind . As he told his story , Blackman cast furtive glances at each passing car and sized up every person entering the library as if to ensure no one was after him . It was his first time at the library since 2006 , when he moved back to his hometown . Though free of the scarlet letter that changed his life , he still feels the stigma of one of the country 's most reviled labels . It was all but impossible to independently verify details of Blackman 's case . Prosecutors did not return repeated phone calls for comment , and efforts to check court files with Iowa 's Fifth Judicial District were also unsuccessful because Blackman 's record has been expunged . But Blackman tells it this way : It all began when he met a girl at a teen club in Des Moines . They hit it off and started dating . He was 16 and thought she was 15 . When the girl ran away from home , police came looking for Blackman , who says he admitted to having sex with her twice . That 's when police told him she was really 13 , he says . Two weeks later , police returned to his home and arrested him . Blackman pleaded guilty to one count of sexual abuse for having sex with the 13-year-old . The age of consent in Iowa is 14 . Taking into account the circumstances of the case , an Iowa judge accepted Blackman 's plea and ordered that his record be expunged if he successfully completed probation and sex offender treatment . At that time , his name would be removed from Iowa 's sex offender registry . After his conviction , Blackman 's family moved to Oklahoma to get a fresh start . He finished his probation and sex offender treatment , and his record in Iowa was expunged in October 2008 , according to court documents . But the action did not carry over to Oklahoma , where Blackman continued to be listed on that state 's sex offender registry . The stigma followed him to his new home and the harassment continued , the family said . A neighbor who found out he was on the registry videotaped him when he went outside , Blackman said . His picture and address were posted on a vigilante Web site , and a gas station attendant refused to sell him cigarettes , one time taking his license and throwing it across the store . To comply with state residency restrictions that prevent registered sex offenders from living within 2,000 feet of a school or day care center , the family moved onto a small plot of land in the rural southeastern Oklahoma community of Stilwell , population 3,500 . The back door of the single-wide trailer faces the forest , a fact that Blackman 's mother finds comforting should her sons ever need to escape a vigilante attack . "  Does it sound crazy ? Yes . But knowing that my boys will have a few extra seconds to get out of the house and slip into darkness if someone ever comes provides some measure of comfort , " Duval said . Having a son on the registry also made a lasting impression on his mother . She now devotes most of her time to reforming sex offender legislation -- specifically , the registry -- as chief operating officer of Sex Offender Solutions And Education Network . "  What keeps me going ? My anger , my guilt , " she said . "  My ignorance is why Ricky 's on this registry , or was on this registry . I did n't know the law . I did n't know how to protect my son when he talked to those cops . I just sat there thinking the truth will set him free . And that 's what got Ricky convicted , the truth . " Blackman 's story comes at a time of increased push-back against sex offender policies that some see as overly broad . Many states have been resisting toughening their sex offender policies . Only one state , Ohio , has complied with the federal Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 , which lists sex offenders as young as 14 on a uniform registry . In Georgia , the Southern Center for Human Rights is challenging a state law prohibiting sex offenders from living and working within 1,000 feet of a school , church or day care . Georgia 's laws go so far as to ban sex offenders from living near bus stops . The case is still pending . Last summer , the American Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit against Miami-Dade County , alleging the county 's 2,500-foot residency restriction interfered with Florida 's ability to monitor and supervise released offenders . With nowhere to live , dozens of homeless sex offenders clustered under the Julia Tuttle Causeway . The lawsuit was dismissed in September 2009 . Meanwhile , Blackman was just trying to graduate from high school . He attempted to enroll but was told that he was considered a danger to the rest of the students . He could n't take GED classes at the vocational school in town because of an on-campus day care center . His mother persuaded the school board to provide him with a tutor and private classes at the local police department , under the supervision of an officer . Finding a job presented its own challenges . He says he was turned down by Wal-Mart , McDonald 's and another fast food outlet that told him he was considered a liability . He spent most days at home learning to build Web sites and helping his mother and brother . Due in large part to the efforts of his mother , the Oklahoma Legislature last year passed the law that makes expungements of certain sex offenses in other jurisdictions applicable in Oklahoma . Blackman traded in his driver 's license for one that does not label him a sex offender , and has since returned to the mall and a movie theater . "  I know what I did was wrong and I deserved to be punished for it . But this destroyed my life . Took it away from me , " he said . "  You never forget about it . I know I 'm off the registry but it 's taking a long time for it to settle in . " In November , Blackman received a letter from the Oklahoma Board of Probation and Parole . It said he had been removed from the state 's sex offender registry , where he had been designated the highest level of risk possible . His return to a "  normal " life has been slow . He still is reluctant to go to his brother 's football games , and the thought of going to places where children convene makes him nervous . "  I know I 'm off the registry but others may not know , " he said . "  I do n't want to go somewhere and cause a scene 'cause people may not know that I 'm allowed to be there and get upset . " But he is making progress . He has opened up to friends and relatives outside his immediate family . He married a 19-year-old childhood friend after he completed probation in September . As a Christmas gift to her , Blackman made his way to the Stilwell High School Fine Arts Winter Celebration , where his wife sang in the choir . Walking arm-in-arm with his mother into a building from which he once had been banned , he slowly made his way up the gymnasium 's bleachers . From his seat in the fifth row next to relatives , Blackman trained his eyes on people entering the gymnasium , cautiously returning a wave or smile from an acquaintance . How did he feel ? "  Nervous , " he said . "  It 's still new to me . " CNN 's Stephanie Chen contributed to this report .	Ricky Blackman landed on the sex offender registry when he was 16 He admits having sex with a girl , 13 , but says he thought she was 15 His record followed him from Iowa after he and his mother moved to Oklahoma Blackman 's mother lobbied to change the law that labeled her son a sex offender
London  CNN  -- Celebrity comedians were among hundreds who on Friday welcomed a UK court ruling that cleared a man of sending a tweet joking about blowing up an airport . The case has highlighted the arguments for and against the limits of free speech on the internet . Paul Chambers was originally fined Â # 385  $ 603  and ordered to pay thousands in court costs after being found guilty in 2010 of sending a "  menacing tweet " that read : "  Crap ! Robin Hood Airport is closed . You 've got a week and a bit to get your s -- together , otherwise I 'm blowing the airport sky high . " He claimed it was a joke and sent it during a moment of frustration while the airport in the north of England was closed by snow . The original trial heard that the tweet was discovered when an airport manager , who was not a Twitter member , searched for "  Robin Hood Airport " on the social networking site . Thousands of people joined an online campaign to support Chambers , retweeting his message , and recently posting Twitter comments under the hashtag #twitterjoketrial . The high-profile British actor , broadcaster and prolific tweeter , Stephen Fry , said Friday : "  Complete vindication and victory for Paul Chambers in #twitterjoketrial . Well done @DavidAllenGreen and team . " In its ruling , the court said : "  The appeal against conviction will be allowed on the basis that this ` tweet ' did not constitute or include a message of a menacing character . "  It was treated and addressed as if it was not a credible threat . The airport police took no action . " The verdict prompted a grateful response from Chambers who said to his Twitter followers : "  We could n't have done this without you , we would n't have got close . " British comedian Frankie Boyle tweeted : " #twitterjoketrial means comedians will feel more secure tweeting jokes and people making threats will try work in some humour . It 's Win-Win . " Another British actor and comic , Ricky Gervais , who has notched up major TV successes on both sides of the Atlantic , was more provocative in his reaction , tweeting : "  Original Judge in The Paul Chambers twitter joke trial admits he was only joking when he convicted Paul . " Ben Goldacre , a prominent author and scientist , added : "  He may have got off , but after years of angst and expense #twitterjoketrial is a disappointing stain on the credibility of the UK judiciary . " Defense solicitor in the case , David Allen Greene , was equally scathing in his reaction , tweeting : "  This shameful prosecution should never have been brought . The DPP -LSB- Director of Public Prosecutions -RSB- made the personal decision to oppose the appeal . Disgraceful . " The hashtags #Paul Chambers and #twitterjoketrial were both trending in the UK Friday , but if anyone was opposed to the verdict they were not immediately visible on the social networking site . In contrast , hundreds of tweets supported the court decision , with one poster calling himself The Sev , summing up the sentiments of many of them : "  Today the courts ruled you 're allowed to make jokes on Twitter . "	Paul Chambers was originally fined Â # 385  $ 603  for sending a "  menacing tweet " The case has highlighted the arguments about the limits of free speech on the internet The UK court ruled that the tweet was treated and addressed as if it was not a credible threat High profile comics sent messages supporting the Chambers ' appeal
CNN  -- It 's hard to imagine a more bizarre juxtaposition than Dennis Rodman and the North Korean regime . We ca n't look away and , surely , that 's part of the plan . Rodman , the fantastically strange former basketball player , loves the spotlight and he knows how to draw our attention . He can be outrageously entertaining . Usually , it 's all relatively harmless and inconsequential . But Rodman 's North Korean visits and his avowed friendship with Kim Jong Un , the country 's dictator -- "  I love the guy , " he has said repeatedly -- have placed him in the middle of something deadly serious . Rodman 's trips to North Korea , ruled by the world 's more repressive regime , bring up a moral controversy over one of the most fundamental questions faced by society , by countries , and by each human being : What is our responsibility in the face of terrible injustice and great suffering ? The dilemma was framed succinctly in biblical times : Are we our brother 's keepers ? In some respects , Rodman 's interaction with Kim and his regime overlap with the issues we must wrestle with when we hear about the killing in Syria , the turmoil in the Central African Republic , even the plight of the homeless in the U.S. Simply -- what , if anything , are we going to do about it ? Rodman has come under withering criticism for befriending the young dictator . A member of Congress likened the visits to sitting down to lunch with Adolf Hitler . For his most recent visit Rodman has organized an exhibition basketball game with former NBA players to celebrate Kim 's birthday . Critics say he has helped legitimize , and thus strengthen , the regime . Rodman sang "  Happy Birthday " and bowed to North Korea 's absolute ruler , behavior that no doubt will serve Kim 's massive propaganda at home . Even if he would rather ignore it , Rodman rightly faces sharp questions because of the sheer brutality of the regime with which he is interacting ; because Kim is a big fan of his . Because he might , just might , be able to make even a small positive difference . It 's hard to know precisely what Rodman 's views are on the issue of his responsibility to intercede on behalf of Kim 's victims . The pressure of reflecting on the matter , of facing questions about his views and his intentions , is visibly getting to him . On Tuesday , when CNN 's Chris Cuomo asked him if he planned to bring up with his North Korean hosts the case of Kenneth Bae -- an American imprisoned without charges for more than a year by the North Korean regime -- he became practically incoherent with anger , declaring , cigar in hand , that he did n't "  give a rat 's ass " what Cuomo thought . His suggestion that Bae is guilty of some unspecified crime makes his behavior even more reprehensible . Bae 's family was dismayed . In a press release , his sister said , "  Rodman could do a lot of good ... but instead he has decided to hurl outrageous accusations at my brother . " By all appearances , Rodman views his unique opportunity to meet with the North Korean leader , the result of Kim 's passion for basketball , as little more than a chance to bask in the warm limelight that has become more elusive with the passage of time . The complicated problems are not his concern , despite his suggestion that basketball might "  open the door a little bit . " With him , it 's about hedonism and fame . That 's his philosophy . Rodman says he has no interest in the politics of North Korea . "  Whatever  Kim  does political-wise , that 's not my job . I 'm just an athlete . " Saying you do n't like politics , as so many do , is a transparent excuse for inaction , for ignoring our responsibilities as human beings . For his part , Rodman has done much worse than completely ignoring the suffering of the North Korean people . If he had kept quiet , we might have given him the benefit of the doubt and chalked it all up to sports diplomacy , an elusive effort to thaw tensions . But Rodman has gone out of his way to praise the ruler of an imprisoned , starving nation . Not only has he showered praise on Kim , but he has extended it to his father and grandfather , the previous dictators who handed the country down as if it were a private family heirloom . "  They were great leaders , " he said , adding that he is not the only one who loves the young Kim . "  His country likes him -- not like him , love him . " That 's because , as Rodman explains , "  the guy 's really awesome . " There is no such thing as a neutral stance on a situation like North Korea 's . Kim inherited a regime whose brutality defies belief . More than 150,000 people are imprisoned in a network of gulags -- camps where entire families , generations of individuals deemed a threat to Kim 's authority , are kept in horrific conditions . Famines have plagued the nation , killing hundreds of thousands , as resources are diverted toward the military , including the buildup of a nuclear arsenal . Kim has threatened his neighbors  and the U.S.  with nuclear war and has detonated nuclear devices as recently as last year . We all have a responsibility to speak up , to do what we can when weak people are so clearly victimized . For most of us , there are limited opportunities to help , and there are many issues competing for attention . Rodman , on the other hand , has a unique chance to at least try to make a difference . Choosing to do nothing when you may have the ability to help is an even greater moral failing than ignoring a crisis when it is more difficult to intercede on behalf of the powerless . Perhaps Dennis Rodman will have a moment of lucidity and do something meaningful . Perhaps he will surprise us . For now , behind his permanent sunglasses and shining lip rings , he is offering only weird entertainment , and an unintentional reminder that human beings have larger responsibilities . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	People are captivated by the spectacle of Dennis Rodman 's trip to Korea Frida Ghitis : Rodman has gone beyond just saying he is n't interested in the politics By praising Kim Jong Un , Rodman increases his obligation to act , she says Ghitis : Choosing to do nothing when you can help suffering people is a moral failing
Washington  CNN  -- If California 's Kevin McCarthy ascends as expected to the No. 2 Republican leadership position in the House , one thing is assured : He will be dogged by the ever-present political specter of immigration reform . McCarthy 's backers are hastily shoring up support for his candidacy as majority leader , but so are immigration reform advocates who want to make clear to him their expectations for action . Labrador jumps into race for House majority leader Texan Sessions drops bid to succeed Cantor in House leadership "  There is no reason for Congressman Kevin McCarthy , as leader , not to take leadership on this issue , " said immigration reform activist Arturo Rodriguez , president of United Farm Workers . "  Everyone will expect it and demand it . And we will step up all of our activities as a whole . " Such is the thorny predicament for the politically savvy lawmaker viewed as most likely to succeed Eric Cantor as majority leader . Cantor 's primary loss in Virginia set in a motion a scramble for the position . Then again , McCarthy , who actor Kevin Spacey reportedly shadowed in preparing for his role as majority whip Frank Underwood in the Netflix series "  House of Cards , " is used to such plot twists . Is D.C. real life "  House of Cards " ? McCarthy 's own rapid rise is the stuff of a political soap opera . He is the boy from Bakersfield who married his high school sweetheart and plunked down money he won in a lottery to start a deli . He used those earnings to go to college before entering politics . His boss , former House Ways and Means Chairman Bill Thomas endorsed his young staffer to replace him in 2006 . Since then , McCarthy has easily won every subsequent re-election and has risen quickly â $ " and shrewdly , friends say â $ " through the House GOP 's leadership ranks . He 's now considered the frontrunner for the majority leader 's job . "  We 've been friends for many , many years now , but he looks at things differently , " said fellow California Republican Rep. Jeff Denham . "  He has the foresight to know when to push and when not to push and he understands when 's the right time to get something done . " For example , McCarthy last year voted with many House Republicans , but not Denham , to defund the Obama administration 's efforts to halt the deportation of young immigrants in the military or in school . This year , he 's supporting Denham 's measure to help provide a path to citizenship for young immigrants who are also members of the military . Doing the math Down but not done : Cantor 's loss not end for immigration reform That 's not to say there have n't been stumbles and miscalculations . McCarthy became the party whip soon after the Republican takeover of the House . But his ability to count and rally votes behind leadership 's priorities were tested after partisan battles over raising the debt ceiling and funding food stamps . McCarthy 's affability has been key to helping soothe ruffled feathers , friends say . Fellow California Rep. David Valadao counts McCarthy as "  both a close friend and a respected colleague , " and he 's gotten a chance to see the would-be majority leader up close as they and others in the delegation worked together on issues of providing water to their Central Valley region as well as infrastructure needs , he told CNN in a statement . McCarthy often orders takeout and invites House members to his office to eat and talk about issues affecting their districts , their spouses and children , Denham said . "  He invites members to his office and it 's like sitting around the family dinner table , " he said . "  He also takes the time to go to people 's districts all across the nation . " A tale of two Republicans : A story of the GOP and immigration reform Careful calculations Friends say McCarthy , 49 , will need that personal touch for crafting relationships and a sense of timing on hot button issues , should he be elected leader next Thursday . That 's because fallout from tackling immigration reform could prove politically perilous if Cantor , who has endorsed McCarthy , is any indication . Dave Brat used Cantor 's willingness to consider a path to citizenship for the children of illegal immigrants to hammer home his point that he 'd lost touch with his constituents . That , analysts say , was crucial to his victory in the reliably conservative Richmond-area district . "  I think his  McCarthy 's  views on immigration are similar to Cantor 's , " said Steven Camarota , director of research for the non-profit Center for Immigration Studies . "  But after this week 's results , it seems much less likely he would push it . And even less likely still that he would move his members to push it . " Conservatives are pushing aggressively to have one of their own fill McCarthy 's current job as whip and join the House GOP leadership ranks , which would create an interesting dynamic between the top two Republicans in the House and the whip . GOP "  trapped " by amnesty McCarthy 's home turf is California 's 23rd congressional district , a Republican stronghold ripe with lush farmland in the shadow of mountain ranges . It is also a place that is 35 % Latino and where the local business community has made clear that it depends heavily on immigrant labor to pick such crops as grapes , oranges and tomatoes . "  We have spoken with Congressman McCarthy and his staff about immigration reform and its importance to our local and regional economy , " Cynthia Pollard , president and CEO of the Greater Bakersfield Chamber of Commerce told CNN in a statement . "  I led a delegation of several other business leaders in a meeting with Congressman McCarthy last fall in Washington , D.C. , to discuss the issue . He expressed at that time and has since reaffirmed his commitment to a step-by-step assessment and overhaul of the system that is clearly broken . " In the meantime , immigration advocates who have hosted protests and sit-ins at McCarthy 's district offices in the past vow they are poised to do so again if they sense he 's unwilling to tackle reform . "  As the person responsible for scheduling House votes , when it comes to immigration reform McCarthy will either be a hero or a zero , " Frank Sherry , executive director of America 's Voice , an immigration reform advocacy group , said in a statement . "  He can save the GOP from itself by quickly scheduling a vote on historic legislation that the majority of the House , the country and even his district supports ; or he can squander the opportunity . ... The future of the GOP may well hinge on his choice , " he said . Complete coverage of 2014 Midterm elections Five things to know about Kevin McCarthy House Republicans elect McCarthy to take Cantor 's job	Rep. McCarthy may face pressure on immigration reform if elected majority leader His Central Valley district is home to farms and businesses that rely on immigrant labor Friends say his savvy , friendliness helps him in times of tough votes McCarthy 's ambition and affability may be needed for thorny immigration debate
CNN  -- When the Republican National Convention kicks off this week in Tampa , Florida , the nation will notice one thing before anything else : This is not your father 's or grandfather 's Republican Party . Rather , it 's a party with leaders as diverse as the country it intends to represent . With the nation 's changing demographics , Republicans can no longer rely on the South and Midwest to carry them to victory in 2012 . Instead , they must broaden their base into traditionally purple and blue states . It 's an uphill battle : President Obama leads by a sizeable margin with women and by wide margins with Latino and black voters . But it 's not insurmountable . Romney already leads with men by roughly the same number President Obama leads with women . Nor is it unprecedented . Republicans won a landslide victory in the 2010 fall midterm elections . Now they must devise a strategy to repeat that . Republicans , in short , must repeat what they did in their landslide victory in the 2010 fall midterm elections . Opinion : Unfriendly to women ? Not my GOP Bolstered by the rise of the Tea Party , Republicans won back the House in historic fashion then . Independents went to Republicans by 15 points , an incredible 23-point swing from 2008 . Republicans virtually eliminated the gender gap with women -- their best showing since 1982 . Writing in The Wall Street Journal this week , Michael Barone notes , "  White noncollege voters and white evangelical Christians were only 42 % and 37 % , respectively , of the winning Republican coalition in the 2010 congressional elections . " 2010 was a watershed year for Republicans because they were able to lure away much of the Democratic base , particularly Northern and Midwestern suburbanites and college graduates . They did so by campaigning on major policy issues and reforms , such as Obamacare and the national debt , that inspired and enthused the electorate . As the 2012 Republican convention dawns , look for Republicans to display a similar election strategy : a diverse cast of party leaders with bold policy ideas reaching for a diverse electorate . For one of the few times in GOP history , the top of the Republican ticket hails exclusively from the North , with Mitt Romney from Michigan and Paul Ryan from Wisconsin . The de facto leaders of the GOP bring a newfound party interest in these traditionally blue states . Already , Ryan has put Wisconsin in play for Republicans in some of the latest polls . In Michigan , which President Barack Obama won by more than 16 points in 2008 , Romney trails Obama by only 2 points , according to the Real Clear Politics average of polls in Michigan . The nation is familiar with the likes of Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida and Gov. Bobby Jindal , the Louisiana governor , but in Tampa , viewers will be introduced to a new , even deeper and more diverse cast . Scheduled to speak Tuesday night is Ted Cruz , Republican candidate for U.S. Senate in Texas . The son of a Cuban immigrant , Cruz rose to attend Princeton University and Harvard Law , becoming a gifted orator . As the solicitor general of Texas , he argued and won high-profile cases in front of the Supreme Court . Also speaking on Tuesday night is Nikki Haley , the first female governor in South Carolina and the daughter of Sikh immigrants . She made her name as governor fighting the Obama administration 's National Labor Relations Board lawsuit challenging Boeing 's right to build a new plant in South Carolina . The NLRB dropped the suit after the union reached an agreement with Boeing . The plant could bring thousands of jobs to her state . Opinion : GOP -- big tent , or big mess ? With the reshuffled convention schedule , also speaking Tuesday will be Mia Love , the mayor of Saratoga Springs , Utah , and candidate for the 4th Congressional District there . Love , the first black female mayor in Utah state history , is already making a name for herself with her outspoken , firebrand conservatism . Susana Martinez , the first female governor of New Mexico and the first female Hispanic governor in U.S. history , is set to take the stage Wednesday night . More important than diversity , however , is substance , and this year 's crop of Republican leaders is a bolder , more conservative group than we 've seen in decades . After paying a steep price at the polls in 2006 and 2008 , the Republican Party might be in a new era in 2012 , one ripe with intrepid , limited government and Constitutional reformers such as Govs. Scott Walker of Wisconsin , Chris Christie of New Jersey , Bob McDonnell of Virginia and Rep. Ryan , now the vice presidential nominee . The purpose of a convention , after all , is to coalesce individuals into parties and ideas into causes . With the selection of Ryan for vice president , the race takes on clear shape and focus -- repealing Obamacare , restoring fiscal sanity and jump-starting the economy -- that voters can rally for , rather than just rallying against President Barack Obama . For all the hand-wringing and second-guessing in the Republican primaries , the post-convention GOP will take on a new , united face . The goal , inevitably , is to replicate the results of the GOP 's 2010 landslide victory . But to do that , it must replicate the same vision , clarity and diversity , not for diversity 's sake , but for the sake of the wide swath of America 's voters in need of help . Look for the GOP to harness , focus and refine that message all week in Tampa . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William Bennett .	William Bennett : GOP convention will demonstrate the party is as diverse as the nation He says since 2010 vote brought people who traditionally vote Democratic toward GOP He says speakers at convention -- Nikki Haley , Ted Cruz , Mia Love -- show party 's diversity Bennett : New crop of Republican leaders is bolder , more conservative than past
Singing competition shows like "  American Idol " and "  The Voice " do n't only make stars , they rehabilitate them . Just ask Jennifer Lopez , whose seat at the "  American Idol " judges ' table paved the way for the success of her 2011 album and her recently announced summer tour . Or Maroon 5 , who benefited greatly from frontman Adam Levine 's spot on "  The Voice . " Even his fellow "  Voice " judge , Christina Aguilera , cashed in on the group 's best-selling single "  Moves Like Jagger . " But for a megawatt star like Britney Spears , who already experienced a comeback of sorts in 2008 with the release of "  Circus " not long after her fall from grace , a judging and mentoring gig on "  The X Factor " is n't needed to sell albums . Unlike her aforementioned reality show judge counterparts , Spears joins the Fox singing competition still riding the success of her seventh studio album , and her worldwide "  Femme Fatale Tour . " Even the star 's personal life appears to be more in order these days . But the pop princess has n't exactly been accessible to her fans since she was placed in a conservatorship in 2008 . And as stars like Lady Gaga and Beyonce have figured out , there 's more to being a singing sensation in 2012 than meets the ear . Fans want to relate to their favorite artists on a personal level , said Andy Greene , an associate editor at Rolling Stone . Becoming a mainstay on a show like "  The X Factor , " and showing off her personality each week , could reignite the level of fame Spears experienced in the early 2000s , Greene added . Referencing the way Lady Gaga uses Twitter to stay connected to her fans , which she often calls her "  little monsters , " Greene said , "  Gaga  is part of their daily life , while Britney is not . And her handlers are realizing they have to loosen the reins a bit . " Even Beyonce has opened up to her fans since the birth of her daughter , Blue Ivy , joining Twitter and giving an intimate glimpse of her offstage life via her Tumblr page . Though Spears has used social platforms to share pictures of her two sons and announce her engagement to former manager Jason Trawick , she 's come off as a sort of "  Stepford " pop star of late , Greene said . "  She walks around like a robot . People ca n't relate to that , " he said . "  This could prove to be a whole new phase of her career . Britney 4.0 . " And lucky for Spears because , with a reported $ 15 million contract to appear on "  X Factor , " this move is likely less about the money than it is about rebuilding her image . "  Britney off the cuff does n't exist , " said Phil Gallo , Billboard 's senior correspondent for film and TV . "  It 's really been a while since we 've heard her give any kind of expansive commentary . " To that end , there 's a risk involved , because "  the No. 1 dangerous thing that could happen , " Gallo said , "  is if the artist does n't appear genuine . You have to feel like that 's Britney saying what Britney wants to say . It ca n't feel scripted , like she has someone in her ear telling her what to say . " While "  The X Factor " played hardball in the ratings game last fall , fluctuating from 8.5 to 12.5 million viewers each week , the singing competition underwhelmed critics thanks to Simon Cowell 's prediction that anything less than 20 million in viewers would be unacceptable . However , with Spears at the judges ' table , ratings probably wo n't be a concern , Gallo said . If the show starts pulling "  Idol " - like numbers , he added , "  it will be driven by , ` What did Britney say ? ' ` What is Britney going to say ? ' Out of the gate , that 's what it is . " Greene agrees people will tune in , if only to hear her talk . "  If you were a young person between '98 and ' 07 , you find Britney fascinating , " he said . "  There 's just no way around it ... between her craziness and absence . " Of course , Greene added , Britney 's team probably would n't let her on live TV if she could n't handle it . "  There 's a vote of confidence on Fox 's part and Simon Cowell 's part and Britney 's team 's part to say she 's ready , and if it goes right , the potential is huge , " he said . "  The real Britney I used to see is bubbly and funny . It would be nice to see that again . "	Spears joins the Fox singing competition still riding the success of her seventh studio album Source : Being a mainstay on the show could bring a level of fame she has n't had in years Spears has n't been accessible to her fans since she was placed in a conservatorship
I used to be able to justify using Facebook as a cost of doing business . As a writer and sometime activist who needs to promote my books and articles and occasionally rally people to one cause or another , I found Facebook fast and convenient . Though I never really used it to socialize , I figured it was OK to let other people do that , and I benefited from their behavior . I can no longer justify this arrangement . Today , I am surrendering my Facebook account , because my participation on the site is simply too inconsistent with the values I espouse in my work . In my upcoming book "  Present Shock , " I chronicle some of what happens when we can no longer manage our many online presences . I have always argued for engaging with technology as conscious human beings and dispensing with technologies that take that agency away . Facebook is just such a technology . It does things on our behalf when we 're not even there . It actively misrepresents us to our friends , and worse misrepresents those who have befriended us to still others . To enable this dysfunctional situation -- I call it "  digiphrenia " -- would be at the very least hypocritical . But to participate on Facebook as an author , in a way specifically intended to draw out the "  likes " and resulting vulnerability of others , is untenable . Facebook has never been merely a social platform . Rather , it exploits our social interactions the way a Tupperware party does . Facebook does not exist to help us make friends , but to turn our network of connections , brand preferences and activities over time -- our "  social graphs " -- into money for others . We Facebook users have been building a treasure lode of big data that government and corporate researchers have been mining to predict and influence what we buy and for whom we vote . We have been handing over to them vast quantities of information about ourselves and our friends , loved ones and acquaintances . With this information , Facebook and the "  big data " research firms purchasing their data predict still more things about us -- from our future product purchases or sexual orientation to our likelihood for civil disobedience or even terrorism . The true end users of Facebook are the marketers who want to reach and influence us . They are Facebook 's paying customers ; we are the product . And we are its workers . The countless hours that we -- and the young , particularly -- spend on our profiles are the unpaid labor on which Facebook justifies its stock valuation . The efforts of a few thousand employees at Facebook 's Menlo Park campus pale in comparison to those of the hundreds of millions of users meticulously tweaking their pages . Corporations used to have to do research to assemble our consumer profiles ; now we do it for them . The information collected about you by Facebook through my Facebook page is n't even shared with me . Thanks to my page , Facebook knows the demographics of my readership , their e-mails , what else they like , who else they know and , perhaps most significant , who they trust . And Facebook is taking pains not to share any of this , going so far as to limit the ability of third-party applications to utilize any of this data . Given that this was the foundation for Facebook 's business plan from the start , perhaps more recent developments in the company 's ever-evolving user agreement should n't have been so disheartening . Still , we bridle at the notion that any of our updates might be converted into "  sponsored stories " by whatever business or brand we may have mentioned . That innocent mention of cup of coffee at Starbucks , in the Facebook universe , quickly becomes an attributed endorsement of their brand . Remember , the only way to connect with something or someone is to "  like " them . This means if you want to find out what a politician or company you do n't like is up to , you still have to endorse them publicly . More recently , users -- particularly those with larger sets of friends , followers and likes -- learned that their updates were no longer reaching all of the people who had signed up to get them . Now , we are supposed to pay to "  promote " our posts to our friends and , if we pay even more , to their friends . Yes , Facebook is entitled to be paid for promoting us and our interests -- but this was n't the deal going in , particularly not for companies who paid Facebook for extra followers in the first place . Neither should users who "  friend " my page automatically become the passive conduits for any of my messages to all their friends just because I paid for it . That brings me to Facebook 's most recent shift , and the one that pushed me over the edge . Through a new variation of the Sponsored Stories feature called Related Posts , users who "  like " something can be unwittingly associated with pretty much anything an advertiser pays for . Like e-mail spam with a spoofed identity , the Related Post shows up in a newsfeed right under the user 's name and picture . If you like me , you can be shown implicitly recommending me or something I like -- something you 've never heard of -- to others without your consent . For now , as long as I do n't like anything myself , I have some measure of control over what those who follow me receive in my name or , worse , are made to appear to be endorsing , themselves . But I feel that control slipping away , and can not remain part of a system where liking me or my work can be used against you . The promotional leverage that Facebook affords me is not worth the price . Besides , how can I ask you to like me , when I myself must refuse to like you or anything else ? I have always appreciated that agreeing to become publicly linked to me and my work online involves trust . It is a trust I value , but -- as it is dependent on the good graces of Facebook -- it is a trust I can live up to only by unfriending this particularly anti-social social network . Maybe in doing so I 'll help people remember that Facebook is not the Internet . It 's just one website , and it comes with a price .	Douglas Rushkoff : Facebook has been very useful to him but now goes too far He says its Related Posts features misrepresents "  likes " of users without their consent Facebook users have always been its workers , providing info about themselves to data miners Rushkoff : Related Posts takes too much control , causes him to break trust with followers
Skydiver Jarrett Martin is a stark reminder of what can go wrong in extreme sports . The Dubai-based young American is also a powerful advertisement for putting safety first when you tackle a stunt laced with potentially fatal risks . Martin was n't even out of his teens when the sport with which he was obsessed almost killed him . Yet , he came back from the brink to chalk up a world first -- and secure a job at the busiest sky diving center in the Middle East . The 24-year-old is a familiar figure at Skydive Dubai , where he is one of just two qualified master parachute riggers in the United Arab Emirates . Earlier this year , Martin achieved even more notoriety when he completed 11 so-called BASE jumps -- from a fixed structure or cliff -- in four days in the Norwegian fjords . Leaving his wheelchair at the summit of a 3,000-foot  914 meters  peak , he pushed himself off and became the first disabled person to successfully make such a jump unassisted . By rights the Seattle-born sportsman should n't be here at all . At 18 , a jump stunt went wrong and left him fighting for his life with a broken back , a torn aorta , battered lungs and kidneys , and paralyzed from the chest down . Martin emerged from his coma and had a question for the doctors who saved him . " ` When can I start skydiving again ' , I asked , " he recalls . Inspirational journey Most people would have quit and considered their luck at surviving . Yet , not only did Martin dive out of a plane six months later , he became one of just two disabled people in the world to complete a BASE jump . Then , in March of this year , he was taken on by Skydive Dubai , impressed by his skills when he competed for the United States in an accuracy skydive event over Dubai . Martin acknowledges his wheelchair makes some rookie skydive customers nervous , but his journey is nothing short of inspirational . He says : "  It is good for them to see me as anything is a possibility . "  The paralysis I have is n't that common . You either survive or you do n't . "  Half my body survived and half did n't . That 's why I 'm in a wheelchair . But what you do afterward speaks a lot . A lot of people get paralyzed and they just let themselves go and get reclusive . " Martin was a veteran of 2,800 jumps when he broke his body during a speed-flying attempt in Hawaii , where he worked for a skydive business . A hybrid of paragliding and BASE jumping , it involved leaping from a cliff . "  I was trying new things and things did n't quite go to plan and my parachute collapsed . I fell a couple of hundred feet and broke my back and damaged a lot of my insides . "  You have this wing that 's laid out behind you . I was going to run and the parachute would inflate and I was going to start gliding down the mountainside . "  Once I was airborne I was going to try to get enough altitude so I could release that parachute and open up a secondary parachute . "  In the midst of all the action and with a new special harness I had built , I was flying for about 10 seconds and that parachute prematurely released and I did n't have enough altitude to deploy my secondary chute . " Triple checks Martin pauses as he recalls the moment . "  I should have been dead . Miraculously I survived . "  The doctors did a good job of putting me back together . It takes a while to get healthy enough to even get out of bed let alone get in an airplane , but thankfully within six months I was . " Martin took a year to fully rehabilitate . He studied air traffic control , but struggled to get a job , so then decided to head to Florida in order to become a master parachute rigger . "  I was responsible for my equipment that day in Hawaii and it has made me a very detail orientated person today . Not only do I double check everything , I triple check and ask opinions of other qualified people , " he says . These days Martin is among just a dozen wheelchair skydivers in the world and remains part of the U.S. parachuting team that competed over Dubai . "  When I got hurt I thought I would never get to go to Dubai and check out all the cool things there . So to be in Dubai right now is really a dream come true , " says Martin , who still manages 200 jumps a year . "  I never thought it would be possible to work here in my condition but you put your mind to it and anything can happen . It took that accident almost to realize how much passion I have for the job I do now . "  My grandfather and my father were skydivers . I 've been around it all my life , so even with something as dramatic as getting paralyzed , that 's not going to slow me down . "  If there 's a will there 's a way . I 've found the way and it 's awesome to continue doing what I love . "	Jarrett Martin was paralyzed at the age of 18 by a stunt jump that went wrong Now 24 , Martin is back in the skies , working as a skydiving instructor in Dubai "  You put your mind to it and anything can happen , " says Martin
CNN  -- From escaping bullets in Sudan as a young boy to becoming a track and field Olympics star , U.S. athlete Lopez Lomong has been running and defying odds nearly all of his life . Lomong , who carried the American flag into the 2008 Olympic Opening Ceremony in Beijing , was among the thousands of refugees known as "  The Lost Boys , " victims of Sudan 's long and brutal civil war . At the age of six , Lomong , who qualified Wednesday for the 5,000-meter final at the London Games on August 11 , was separated from his family when he was kidnapped by soldiers during a Sunday morning mass in his native country . Lomong was taken along with several other children to a prison where they would be trained to become child soldiers . "  I saw kids dying every day and I would say , ` OK , maybe next time it 's going to be me , ' " remembers Lomong , 27 . "  That basically changed my life and from that moment I 'm no longer six years old -- I became an adult . " But a few weeks later Lomong managed to escape from the prison camp with the help of three older abducted children . Barefoot but determined , Lomong and his friends went a through a hole in the prison fence and started running as fast as they could , in what Lomong describes as their "  race to freedom . " After running for three days and nights the boys finally reached Kenya , where Lomong spent the next 10 years of his life in a refugee camp . In 2001 , Lomong 's remarkable life journey took another turn . Aged 16 , he was among the nearly 4,000 "  Lost Boys " who were resettled in various cities across the United States as part of a U.N. and U.S. government program . Read more : Former ` Lost Boy ' runs boot camps for business He was adopted by a family in Tully , a small town in upstate New York , where he went to high school and first started thinking of running as a career . He became a U.S. citizen in July 2007 and one year later he made the national Olympics team , taking part in the 1,500-meter race in Beijing . Lomong did n't make it to the finals but was honored by his fellow athletes who selected him as the as flag bearer for Team USA . "  That is the most incredible thing I take away from the Olympics , " he says . "  It 's not only track and field . There are swimmers ; there are wrestlers ; there is everybody united and we are all walking together to bring as many medals to our country . Those are the things that I will never forget -- I was very excited to be part of that and carry America 's flag into the opening ceremony . " This week , he returns to the Olympics for the second time . This time his goal is to achieve Olympic glory . "  I want to go back to do what I did n't do in 2008 , " says Lomong , a graduate of Northern Arizona University . "  I want to win the medal . Yes , I was a flag bearer in 2008 ; I do n't want to be a flag bearer anymore , I want to bring the medal back home . " See also : Nigeria 's first Olympic canoeist Determined to win a medal for his adopted country , Lomong is also focused on making a difference in South Sudan . He has established a foundation in his name to help people in his native country , focusing on four pressing issues . "  We need to be able to go back and give these people education , clean water , nutrition , medicine , " says Lomong , who also reunited with his family in South Sudan in 2007 . "  To live , to see another day , to think there is someone out there in the world caring for them so they can be able to pursue their dream . " Lomong has also written a book , called "  Running for My Life : One Lost Boy 's Journey from the Killing Fields of Sudan to the Olympic Games , " where he narrates his long and epic life journey . See also : Sudan 's ` Lost Boys ' reunited with the past He wants to share his inspiring story with the world so that people know where he comes from and understand why he is running . "  I want to be the one telling that story to the people who never had a voice before because there are a lot of kids out there right now that are still going through the things I went through . They are still getting kidnapped . They are still going hungry for days , they do n't have families , " he says . "  We need to be able to tell the world to stop those things and let 's educate kids instead of giving them AK-47s to go to fight . Let the kids go and play -LSB- and -RSB- do anything they need to do to be able to see their future . " London 2012 highlights : Catch up with what you missed Olympics in pictures : The best photos from London 2012	Lopez Lomong is a former "  Lost Boy " from Sudan who now runs for Team USA Lomong spent 10 years of his life in a refugee camp in Kenya He was relocated in the United States as a teenager and became a U.S. citizen in 2007 In 2008 he was picked to carry the American flag at Olympics opening ceremony in Beijing
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- All vehicles were banned from the largely Shiite city of Amara Wednesday after three car bombs ripped through a market district , killing at least 27 people and wounded 151 , officials said . Iraqis gather at the site of a car bomb in the city of Amara on Wednesday . The blasts detonated in close succession in a commercial area in the central section of Amara , the provincial capital of Maysan province and a city that has been the scene of fighting between rival Shiite factions . Baghdad was also hit by violence on Wednesday . A car bomb there killed five Iraqi civilians and wounded 15 others , an Interior Ministry official told CNN . The incident occurred in a Christian section of the largely Shiite New Baghdad district . Maj. Gen. Abdul Karim Khalaf , head of the Interior Ministry 's National Command Center , confirmed the casualty figures in the Amara bombing . He and a committee were headed to Amara to investigate the incident . He said the ministry fired the city 's police chief in the aftermath of the attack . Maysan Gov. Adil Muhawdar Radhi announced the vehicle ban , which he said will be in place through Thursday . He said additional security measures have been put in place in the city . The first bomb , in a car parked in a commercial area , detonated about 9:30 a.m. . As onlookers gathered , the second one exploded in a nearby garage a few minutes later . It was followed by a third bomb in the garage a few minutes after that . Ambulances and police raced to the scene . News footage showed burning vehicles and black smoke , and the clothing of victims scattered beside pools of blood . Iraqi state television showed hospitals packed with people . Al-Forat , an Iraqi TV station affiliated with the Supreme Islamic Council of Iraq political movement , reported that most of the casualties were women and children . Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , in a statement , denounced the attack . "  The targeting of unarmed civilians today in the markets of Amara town by car bombs -- that is another ring in the chain of conspiracy against the Iraqi people that is aiming to destabilize the security and stability in this province , " which he said endured cruelty under the Saddam Hussein regime . Maysan , which borders Iran , has been under Iraqi security control much of this year after control was transferred from the British military . It was not immediately known who was responsible for the blasts , but the violence is a reminder of the intense fighting between the Mehdi Army -- the militia of anti-American Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr -- and the Badr Brigade , the militia of the SICI , which condemned the bombings and blamed "  Saddamists and Takfiris . " The two movements are bitter rivals and have been in the middle of local power struggles in Iraq 's southern provinces and other Shiite areas . Watch how Shiite groups have been vying for power " Britain , which has been in command of the south since the Iraqi war began , has been working to withdraw its troops from the region , which , despite this latest violence , has always been more stable than Baghdad and other outlying regions . Britain 's Defense Ministry said on Wednesday that the British military will transfer security control of the southern province of Basra to Iraqi forces on Sunday . Ali al-Dabbagh , Iraq 's government spokesman , confirmed the date and said the Maysan attacks will not affect the handover . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : All vehicles banned in city of Amara through Thursday , provincial governor says Death toll continues to rise as Interior Ministry reports 151 wounded State television reports that many of the casualties are women , children Amara has been scene of fighting between rival Shiite factions vying for power
CNN  -- Less than a month ago Bob Dylan could justifiably feel he was revered in France . The singer was in Paris to receive France 's highest public award , the Legion d'Honneur . As France 's most prestigious medal was pinned to Dylan 's lapel , his French hosts heaped praise on the 72-year-old legend for his contribution to music -- and notably his songs inspired by French poets Rimbaud and Verlaine . It was impossible to predict that , only three weeks later , Dylan would be embroiled in an ugly controversy that has resulted in preliminary charges against him in France for inciting racial hatred . Ironically , Dylan 's comments were made about America , not France . In a Rolling Stone interview published in 2012 , the singer was quoted as saying : "  If you got a slave master or Klan in your blood , blacks can sense that . That stuff lingers to this day . Just like Jews can sense Nazi blood and the Serbs can sense Croatian blood . " A Croatian group in France pressed charges against Dylan for his remarks . Now Dylan , who has performed in both Croatia and Serbia , finds himself in legal trouble in France for comments he made last year about racism in America . The Croatian group claimed that Dylan was equating all Croatians with the small minority of Croatian war criminals . The tension between Croatians and Serbs has deep historical roots , most recently with the breakup of former Yugoslavia , during which accusations of genocidal massacres were made on both sides . Farther back , during World War II when the political movement Ustasha ruled Croatia , it erected concentration camps for Jews , Serbs , Roma gypsies and other non-Catholic minorities . It is believed that roughly 320,000 ethnic Serbs were killed under the Nazi-allied Ustasha . In France , a country where racism is a sensitive issue , the controversy surrounding Dylan touches a raw nerve . The French have questioned themselves whether they are racist and xenophobic , especially toward the minority African and Muslim populations whose integration into French society has been rife with tensions and sometimes violence . French Minister of Justice Christiane Taubira , one of the country 's most prominent black politicians , has been subjected to racial slurs . A right-wing French magazine , "  Minute , " featured a headline about her : "  Crafty as a monkey , Taubira gets her banana back . " The famous French movie actress Brigitte Bardot has been convicted and fined for inciting racial hatred for her comments about Muslims in France after complaining on her website that Muslims were "  destroying our country by imposing their ways . " The French have also struggled with its history of anti-Semitism , which flared up during the infamous Dreyfus Affair at the end of the 19th century when a Jewish military officer was wrongfully accused and convicted of treason . France 's collaboration with the Nazis during World War II is a shameful chapter in the country 's past that was for decades swept under the carpet of collective memory . Today it is illegal in France to deny the Holocaust and incite racial hatred , and sell Nazi memorabilia on the Internet .  For example , a French judge in 2000 found the U.S.-based company Yahoo guilty of facilitating neo-Nazi auctions . Dylan 's published comments have opened old wounds in France . Yet there is something curious about the timing of these charges against him . First of all , the singer made the remarks to Rolling Stone last year ; they were later published in a French version of the magazine . And the Croatian group 's complaints against the singer apparently date to November 2012 . It is interesting , too , that the preliminary charges by French prosecutors against Dylan were filed on November 11 , only two days before the legendary singer was to receive his Legion d'Honneur from a Socialist government that is usually admiring of engagÃ © pop singers with a strong anti-establishment political message . In the stuffy precincts of the Legion d'Honneur 's Grand Chancellerie , it appears that the government 's nomination of Dylan for the award had originally been received sniffily . In May , French press reports claimed the 17-member Legion d'Honneur council had tossed out the nomination on the grounds that Dylan had been an anti-war radical during the Vietnam War and , moreover , had used drugs . It was only after some backroom intrigue that it was announced that Dylan would receive the Legion d'Honneur after all . Dylan fans doubtless find this whole thing perplexing . Yet it 's not surprising that this blew up in a country where hate-speech accusations often reach the courts . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matthew Fraser .	Bob Dylan has been charged with inciting racial hatred in France for some comments Matthew Fraser : It 's ironic since he just won France 's highest public award He says racism is a sensitive issue in France , and Dylan controversy touches a nerve Fraser : This is n't surprising , because in France hate-speech accusations often reach courts
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama pledged to stamp out the gremlins plaguing his administration 's signature health-care overhaul Monday , saying there was no "  sugarcoating " the difficulties faced by Americans hoping to sign up for insurance coverage online . "  Nobody 's madder than me about the website not working as well as it should , which means it 's going to get fixed , " Obama said during an appearance at the White House Rose Garden . But he did n't specify exactly what went wrong or who was to blame for the problems , which include long waits to log onto the federally administered website and maddeningly long wait times once online . There 's "  no excuse for the problems , " Obama said . But he said tech industry experts were being brought in to help workers going 24/7 to fix the site , HealthCare.gov , which went live October 1 . And he pointed out that the site is n't the only way to buy coverage . "  You can bypass the website and apply by phone or in person , " he said . "  So do n't let problems with the website deter you from signing up or signing your family up or showing your friends how to sign up , because it is worth it . It will save you money . " A standoff with congressional Republicans over government spending and raising the federal borrowing limit -- triggered by GOP efforts to defund the program -- distracted public attention from the problems of the new health care system , popularly known as Obamacare . But with that standoff over , the GOP has turned its fire back onto the problems faced by the website and onto Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , calling for her to resign . Sebelius attended Monday 's Rose Garden remarks , and the House Energy and Commerce Committee announced that she was expected to testify at an October 30 hearing on the cause of the problems . The committee is already scheduled to hold a hearing on Thursday , with website and administrative contractors CGI , Serco and Equifax set to testify on their roles in the situation . Sebelius had been invited to this week 's hearing but had a scheduling conflict , her office said . White House spokesman Jay Carney defended the program on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live , " saying that while HealthCare.gov is struggling , the administration 's health care reform "  is not failing . " People who are able to submit applications through whatever means are happy with the results , he said . "  Health insurance provides security that a lot of these families have n't had in the past , " Carney said . Have you had trouble signing up ? Let us know Obama said "  the essence of the law " -- aimed at providing access to health insurance for the roughly 48 million Americans without it -- "  is working just fine . " "  In some cases , actually , it 's exceeding expectations . The prices are lower than expected , and the choice is greater than we expected , " he said . "  But the problem has been that the website that 's supposed to make it easy to apply for and purchase the insurance is not working the way it should for everybody , " he continued . "  There 's no sugarcoating it . The website has been too slow . People are getting stuck during the application process . " And in a shot at the law 's critics , he said , "  It 's time for folks to stop rooting for its failure , because hardworking middle class families are rooting for its success . " But Rep. Luke Messer , R-Indiana , told CNN that his staffers were trying to sign up via HealthCare.gov while Obama was speaking , "  and the website did n't work . " "  This is one of those areas where the president 's not going to be able to hide behind the rhetoric , " said Messer , who supported the failed Republican effort to halt the program . HealthCare.gov : What works , what does n't Other Republicans kept up their attacks on the health care reforms on Monday , with the office of Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell tweeting that when a visit to the Obamacare website made a trip to the Department of Motor Vehicles seem pleasant , "  it 's time for the President to consider delaying this rushed effort . " A Washington Post/ABC News poll released Monday showed that 56 % of respondents consider the website difficulties a harbinger of broader problems with the Affordable Care Act , a constant target of conservative critics who consider it the epitome of big government overreach . Obama administration officials have highlighted the fact that nearly 500,000 people have filled out applications for Obamacare , though the number who purchased coverage remains unknown . Initial difficulties have started to ease for logging on to the website for the new exchanges , some of which are run by states and others by the federal government . But problems now are occurring further along the process , with insurance industry sources having said they are getting some applications with missing information . The application portion of the website was brought down this weekend for overnight maintenance , as it has been on previous weekends and some weeknights . "  To ensure that we make swift progress , and that the consumer experience continues to improve , our team has called in additional help to solve some of the more complex technical issues we are encountering , " the Health and Human Services department said in a blog post Sunday . "  Our team is bringing in some of the best and brightest from both inside and outside government to scrub in with the team and help improve HealthCare.gov . " Logging in tough for some early registrants The administration is still not releasing the numbers on how many people have taken the next step of enrolling : choosing a specific health care plan . The administration has said it will do that monthly , so the first tally of enrollment numbers will come in November . The Congressional Budget Office has said it expects 7 million people to enroll by April 1 . Although March 31 is the deadline for people to get health insurance or face a fine , officials warn that failure to sign up by February 15 could be a problem because of the time needed for the coverage to take effect . Carney told reporters on Monday afternoon that lingering problems in signing people up could result in relief , noting that the law makes clear that "  if you do not have access to affordable health insurance , you will not have to pay a penalty for not having affordable health insurance . " Hope for a smoother ride on HealthCare.gov He also repeated the President 's assertion that high demand in the first weeks of the new exchanges contributed to the website problems , noting that the larger-than-expected response exposed existing "  glitches and kinks . " Although the administration tally of applications did not break down how many of the applications came through state-run exchanges , a CNN survey of officials with those exchanges found that at least 257,000 people had signed up for new insurance plans as of Friday afternoon . Not all of them had made a payment , and not every state responded to the CNN request . A ConsumerReports.org article last week offered tips for people trying to sign up , but had the following advice for those overwhelmed by the difficulties : "  If all this is too much for you to absorb , follow our previous advice : Stay away from HealthCare.gov for at least another month if you can . Hopefully that will be long enough for its software vendors to clean up the mess they 've made . " But in a statement issued Monday night , the group said its criticism of the website does n't mean it now opposes the Affordable Care Act . Critics of Obamacare are misrepresenting the nonprofit organization 's position , Consumer Reports said . 5 things that have happened since Obamacare launched CNN 's Paul Steinhauser , Kevin Bohn , Jim Acosta , Adam Aigner-Treworgy , Brian Todd and Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	NEW : Obamacare "  is not failing " despite website woes , White House spokesman says Obama says HealthCare.gov problems are "  going to get fixed " Sebelius expected to testify at a congressional hearing next week The government shutdown diverted attention from the problems
CNN  -- When Sada Mire fled war-torn Somalia as a frightened teenager , the nation was descending into darkness , mired in the grip of a long civil conflict . But several years later , when she returned to the Horn of Africa as an ambitious archaeologist , her fierce determination and meticulous fieldwork brought to light the region 's rich cultural heritage . In 2007 , her archaeological pursuits resulted in the discovery of 5,000-year-old rock art in Somaliland , a breakaway state in the northwest corner of Somalia . The prehistoric findings , which include renderings of animals as well as human figures , are significant in enhancing understanding about the prehistoric way of life across the region , says Mire . Somaliland 's first archaeologist , Mire is now on a mission to preserve and protect what she says is a heritage at risk of disappearing . Ancient findings like the rock paintings , which were discovered at Dhambalin , in a sandstone shelter near the Red Sea , not only have historic importance , but also help restore a sense of self-esteem and cultural pride in the people of Somaliland , she says . Many were completely unaware of the existence and significance of archaeology before the discovery of the cave paintings . "  I would bring them to the site and explain how important the site is potentially for helping them , " Mire says . "  Initially it was very difficult to communicate that but after a while I managed to get their attention -- they even ended up sort of feeling a sense of dignity that actually ` this is our site ' -- a feeling that ` we have nothing but we have this . ' Somaliland declared independence in 1991 , but is n't internationally recognized as a separate state . Mire spent her early years in Somalia 's capital Mogadishu , along with her identical twin sister Sohur . There , the two sisters enjoyed a normal childhood until a bloody conflict erupted in 1982 . Their mother decided that their future would not be in Somalia and started to plan an escape to Sweden . When the two sisters arrived in the Scandinavian country , they encountered a completely different reality to the one they were used to before . "  I remember the first feeling was like a glass of milk in a fridge -- sort of thinking why is it so cold ? But I think we got used to it , " Mire recalls . "  The fact that it was totally , completely different to what we had experienced was in a way healing itself , because now you had nothing to associate with what we had been through -- you could sort of reinvent yourself in a new world , " she says . Determined to make the most of their new opportunities , Mire and her sister settled for a few years in Sweden before relocating to the United Kingdom to pursue their studies . Mire 's professional journey brought her back to Somaliland a few years ago , where she embarked on a mission to unearth its cultural heritage . But while discovering significant archaeological findings , she also saw first-hand the tough conditions people lived in . "  There was no access to clean water , there was no access to basic education especially in the rural areas where the archaeology was , " she says . "  So for me , finding an extraordinary archaeological site I had to think how is this going to help these people and not just me as a researcher . " Stemming from that sense of social responsibility , Mire helped set up and now heads Somaliland 's Department of Antiquities , a branch of the Ministry of Culture and Tourism . Dividing her time between Somaliland and the UK , she is determined to educate her fellow Somalis about their history as well as raise awareness across the world about Somali cultural heritage . "  I feel very committed , " she says . "  My hope for this is to be able to set up an institution which can help produce students -- Somali archaeologists , Somali cultural heritage managers . "	Sada Mire is on a mission to raise awareness about Somali cultural heritage The archaeologist discovered prehistoric cave art in Somaliland in 2007 Mire is the head of Somaliland 's Department of Antiquities
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A doctor 's license was revoked Friday in the case of a teenager who planned to have an abortion but instead gave birth to a baby she says was killed when clinic staffers put it into a plastic bag and threw it in the trash . Pierre Jean-Jacques Renelique , right , and his attorney , Joseph Harrison , at the hearing . The doctor , Pierre Jean-Jacques Renelique , was not present when the baby was born , but the Florida Medical Board upheld Department of Health allegations that he falsified medical records , inappropriately delegated tasks to unlicensed personnel and committed malpractice . Joseph Harrison , the attorney representing Renelique at the license revocation hearing in Tampa , said Renelique has not decided whether to appeal . The state attorney 's office , meanwhile , said its criminal investigation into the incident is ongoing and no charges have been filed . A fetus born alive can not be put to death even if its mother intended to have an abortion , police said when the incident occurred in 2006 . The baby 's mother , Sycloria Williams , sued Renelique , the clinic and its staff in January , seeking damages . She alleges in her suit that "  she witnessed the murder of her daughter " and said she "  sustained severe emotional distress , shock and psychic trauma which have resulted in discernible bodily injury . " "  This is not about a pot of gold , " said Tom Pennekamp , her attorney . "  What this is about is right and wrong and making a statement , making sure it does n't happen to other young women . " According to the suit , Williams , then 18 , discovered while being treated for a fall that she was 23 weeks pregnant . She went to a clinic to get an abortion on the morning of July 20 , 2006 , after receiving medication and instructions the previous day . Renelique was not at the clinic , however , and Williams was told to wait for him . She was given two pills and told they would make her ill . When she complained of feeling ill , clinic staff members gave her a robe and told her to lie down in a patient room , the suit says . Renelique was still not present when Williams "  felt a large pain " and delivered a baby girl , according to the suit . "  The staff began screaming and pandemonium ensued . Sycloria watched in horror and shock as her baby writhed with her chest rising and falling as she breathed . " A clinic co-owner entered the room and used a pair of shears to cut the baby 's umbilical cord , the suit said . She "  then scooped up the baby and placed the live baby , placenta and afterbirth in a red plastic biohazard bag , which she sealed , and then threw bag and the baby in a trash can . " Staff at the clinic did not call 911 or seek medical assistance for Williams or the baby , the suit said . Renelique arrived at the clinic about an hour later and gave Williams a shot to put her to sleep . "  She awoke after the procedure and was sent home still in complete shock , " the suit said . Police were notified of the incident by an anonymous caller who told them the baby was born alive and disposed of . "  The complainant -LSB- Williams -RSB- observed the baby moving and gasping for air for approximately five minutes , " according to a police affidavit requesting a search warrant for the clinic . Two search warrants found nothing , but officers executing a third warrant "  found the decomposing body of a baby in a cardboard box in a closet , " the suit said . The baby was linked to Williams through DNA testing , the lawsuit said . An autopsy showed it had filled its lungs with air prior to death . Documents from the state Department of Health said its cause of death was determined to be "  extreme prematurity . " Fewer than 1 percent of babies are born at less than 28 weeks , according to the March of Dimes , a nonprofit organization aimed at reducing premature births , birth defects and infant mortality . Infants born at that stage may survive , but require treatment with oxygen , other medical help and mechanical assistance to help them breathe . They are too immature to suck or swallow and so must be fed intravenously . Babies born before about 32 weeks of gestation face the highest risk of health problems , the March of Dimes said . Williams ' lawsuit seeks damages from Renelique , the clinic and its staff . It claims that clinic records were falsified to say only that Williams underwent an abortion . Williams filed the suit individually and "  as personal representative of the estate of Shanice Denise Osbourne , deceased , " the suit said . The medical board 's action Friday came at the request of the Florida Department of Health , which filed an order in February 2007 seeking emergency restrictions on Renelique 's license . Department documents list many of the same allegations as Williams ' lawsuit . "  Dr. Renelique 's failure to practice medicine with that level of care , skill and treatment that is recognized as being acceptable , as well as his willingness to falsify medical records , poses a serious and immediate danger to the public , " the health department said . Renelique did not respond to the health department or dispute the facts it alleged , department spokeswoman Eulinda Jackson said Friday . Williams has declined to speak publicly about the case , said Pennekamp , her attorney . She suffers from post-traumatic stress because of the experience , he said .	Teen says she sought abortion , but gave birth and baby was killed Florida doctor was n't present , but is accused of falsifying records in case Teen has sued doctor , who also is subject of a criminal investigation
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The naughty step is not working . After the United Nations slapped tougher sanctions on North Korea after its third nuclear test in February this year , Pyongyang screamed in defiance . It canceled its hotline with South Korea , withdrew its workers from the Kaesong industrial complex it jointly operates with Seoul , and carried on with its over-the-top threats . China may have backed those sanctions but the economic lifeline is still there . Trade goes on between North Korea and China . In 2011 , before some of these trade embargoes began , China accounted for an estimated 67.2 % of North Korea 's exports and 61.6 % of imports , according to the CIA World Factbook . "  If you talk to officials at the border , there 's no change , " says Stephanie Kleine-Ahlbrandt , the North Asian head of the International Crisis Group . "  And a lot of that trade is conducted by government trading companies especially on the North Korean side , " adds the Los Angeles Times ' Beijing Bureau Chief Barbara Demick . "  There 's a lot more China could do that it has chosen not to . " So why is China not using its economic leverage to rein in the nuclear threat and proliferator next door ? In a word -- fear . There 's fear of a North Korean collapse that would lead to instability and a refugee crisis along its 1,400 kilometer  880 mile  border with North Korea . And then there 's the far greater fear of an all-out conflict that would redraw the geopolitical map . "  Their end goal might be similar in terms of denuclearization , but China is looking at preventing war on the peninsula , which would allow a pro-Western government right on its border , " says Kleine-Ahlbrandt . And there 's something else holding Beijing back -- the historic and symbolic relationship with Pyongyang that is hard to give up . "  The Chinese Communist Party thinks of North Korea as this small state that is in its own image , " says Demick . "  The structure of the North Korean government is very similar to the Chinese government and , in a way , it 's the pure Communist state . "  It 's just really hard psychologically to dump North Korea . " "  They treat North Korea a bit like a wayward child , " adds Kleine-Ahlbrandt . " You want to be the one to punish your child , but you 're not going to turn them over to police . " But for many people in China , enough is enough . "  Their rhetoric is increasing the number of Chinese who feel very , very disgusted by their behavior , their psyche and their regime , " says Zhu Feng , professor of International Relations at Peking University . "  China 's government is seriously under fire because I think the majority of Chinese really , really feel that North Korea 's bad behavior will inevitably endanger China . " Beijing has mastered the art of "  scream-free parenting " with Pyongyang . It has learned to lower its voice and control its emotional reaction with every new threat or missile test . But public opinion is shifting and China 's new leadership is recognizing the need to re-evaluate how it manages its troublesome neighbor . In a sign of Beijing 's evolving approach toward North Korea , Chinese President Xi Jinping recently offered this veiled criticism : "  No one should be allowed to throw a region and even the whole world into chaos for selfish gains . " The pressure is on for China to spell out -- and carry out -- the consequences for North Korea 's bad behavior .	Pyongyang reacted angrily to tougher sanctions after its third nuclear test Chinese trade with North Korea has been a lifeline for the isolated regime But Beijing has struggled to control the angry rhetoric from its neighbor Expert : China fears a North Korean collapse would spark a refugee crisis
New York  CNN  -- New York City police did n't violate New Jersey state laws when they carried out surveillance programs of Muslim-owned business , mosques and university student groups , according to a Thursday statement from the New Jersey attorney general 's office . The findings are the product of a three-month review meant to address concerns expressed by Muslim community leaders , who had instead called for a formal investigation . Attorney General Jeffrey Chiesa said law enforcement officials are expected to meet regularly with the NYPD "  to exchange information concerning counter-terrorism intelligence and operations , " and establish more formal protocols for out-of-state policing . Chiesa 's office said it will also establish a "  Muslim outreach committee in order to enhance communication and encourage a greater understanding regarding issues of importance to both law enforcement and the Muslim community . " A 60-page report obtained by The Associated Press showed NYPD maps of Newark , New Jersey , and photographs of Muslim residences and mosques . There was no statement in the document regarding terrorism or criminal activity . After the report was made public , Newark Mayor Corey Booker called for an investigation . "  The Newark Police Department was not involved in joint operations with the New York Police Department as was described in the disclosed NYPD report , " Booker said , referring to a leaked internal New York police document . "  I strongly believe that we must be vigilant in protecting our citizens from crime and terrorism , but to put large segments of a religious community under surveillance with no legitimate cause or provocation clearly crosses a line , " he said . New York police spokesman Paul Browne said their Newark counterparts were "  briefed before and afterwards , and a Newark liaison officer accompanied NYPD personnel when they were in Newark . " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg also defended the extent of police surveillance against critics who have suggested that authorities went too far .	Muslim-owned business , mosques and student groups were monitored Muslim leaders had called for an investigation after report became public Neward Mayor Corey Booker said probe "  clearly crosses a line " Booker said his police were not involved in NYPD joint operation
CNN  -- Hours after surviving the shelling of a mosque at his presidential palace that killed a Muslim preacher and several guards , Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh on Friday insisted he is in good health and blamed "  gangsters " for the attack . The president sustained a slight injury to the head in the Sanaa attack and he is fine , a senior government official told CNN . Prime Minister Ali Mujawar , the parliament speaker , the deputy prime minister , and the Sanaa governor were among seven injured , government spokesman Tareq al-Shami said . It was not clear if that figure included Saleh . A Yemeni official who asked not to be named told CNN that Saleh was in the mosque when two "  projectiles " were fired during Friday prayers . He confirmed the death of Sheikh Ali Mohsen al-Matari and said four bodyguards also died . Yemen 's official news agency SABA , citing a source in Saleh 's office , said three guards and the sheikh were killed . In his televised speech Friday night , the president said the attack occurred as talks were taking place between him and affiliates of Sadeq al-Ahmar , the head of the Hashed tribe whose break with Saleh has been followed by spiraling violence . Protesters upset over what they regard as political oppression and government corruption have poured into the impoverished country 's streets for months to demand that Saleh step down . A deal to make that happen , brokered by the regional Gulf Cooperation Council , recently broke down . Fears of all-out civil war in Yemen have spiked since , as government forces and people alleged to be Hashed tribesmen slugged it out in the capital . Their weapons have included missiles , according to witnesses . Eyewitnesses , residents and government officials say Hashed tribesmen carried out Friday 's attack on the presidential palace . But the spokesman for Sadeq al-Ahmar denied it . "  The Hashed tribesmen were not behind these attacks on the presidential palace and if they were , they would not deny it , " according to Abdulqawi al-Qaisi . In his speech , the president said those behind Friday 's attacks were not connected with the youth-led movement in Sanaa 's Change Square . Rather , he said that "  gangsters " perpetrated the strike as part of their bid to overthrow his government and destroy Yemen 's economic achievements . "  I salute the armed forces everywhere and the courageous security forces who are keen on combating the attacks by a criminal gang that is acting outside of the law and is not affiliated with the youth 's revolution present in Change Square , " Saleh said . Mohammed Qahtan , the spokesman for the Joint Meeting Parties , Yemen 's largest opposition coalition , said that "  the attack on the palace was pre-planned by President Saleh to make people forget about the attacks that he has committed over the last two weeks . " Qahtan said Saleh 's forces have "  bombarded most of the al-Ahmar family properties after the palace attack " and have killed hundreds over the past two weeks . "  He is the only one benefiting from the attack on the presidential palace , " Qahtan said . "  He wants people to feel he is oppressed and is defending himself and not attacking others . " The United States is monitoring what it describes as a "  very fluid " situation in Yemen , State Department spokesman Mark Toner said Friday . The White House also released a statement condemning "  in the strongest terms the senseless acts of violence today in Yemen . " "  Violence can not resolve the issues that confront Yemen , and today 's events can not be a justification for a new round of fighting , " the White House statement said . "  We urge all sides to heed the wishes of the Yemeni people , whose aspirations include peace , reform , and prosperity . " Catherine Ashton , foreign policy chief of the European Union , called for an "  immediate cease-fire " by all sides . She said that she had activated a mechanism to expedite the departure of European citizens from the Arab nation , all while pleading for a resumption of serious talks to end the crisis . "  I appeal to all sides to protect civilians , " Ashton said . "  I have urged President Saleh repeatedly to listen to the demands of the Yemeni people and transfer power . The only answer to the current situation is an immediate and genuine commitment to a peaceful and orderly transition . " Elsewhere Friday , government security forces and gunmen protecting protesters fought street battles in Taiz . The security forces began shooting at protesters assembled in that city 's Freedom Square , and gunmen supporting the demonstrators burned an armored vehicle belonging to security forces . Abdullah Afti , a youth activist in Taiz , said four anti-government protesters had been shot during Friday prayers . Fighting has rippled across Yemen for months between supporters of Saleh and anti-government forces who want him out of office . According to the independent International Crisis Group , tensions escalated May 23 when fighting erupted between military forces controlled by "  Saleh 's son and nephews and fighters loyal to the pre-eminent sheikh of the powerful Hashed confederation , Sadeq al-Ahmar . " "  The personal animosity and competition between the sons of the late Sheikh Abdullah bin Hussein al-Ahmar  Sadeq and his nine brothers  and the sons and nephews of Saleh have been a consistent obstacle to negotiations over a peaceful transfer of power . Now , this animus threatens to drag the country toward a full-scale civil war , " the group said . The fighting has focused on these groups but "  it could easily escalate , drawing in other tribal factions " and the armed confrontation has already led to the deaths of more than 100 people , the Brussels-based group said in a "  conflict risk alert " last Friday . While Saleh has been unpopular among many inside his country , he has been a longtime ally of the United States in the war against terror . The United States has counted on his government to be a bulwark against militants , including al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , but it believes he should transfer power in order to maintain stability in the country . White House spokesman Tommy Vietor said that John Brennan , the president 's homeland security adviser , just traveled to Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates for meetings with government officials to "  discuss options to address the deteriorating situation " in Yemen . "  Brennan said that the United States would continue to coordinate closely with both governments on developments in Yemen in an effort to help bring an end to the violence , " according to the White House . With the level of violence escalating , Toner -- the State Department spokesman -- called the situation "  clearly concerning , " but did not go so far as to refer to the situation in Yemen as a civil war . "  We call on all sides to cease hostilities immediately and to pursue an orderly and peaceful process of transferring political power as called for in the GCC-brokered agreement , " the White House said . The Pentagon on Friday confirmed that American troops remain in Yemen for now , but may leave "  depending on the situation . " "  We 're closely watching the violence in Yemen . We still have some U.S. service members in country , and we 're taking the necessary precautions , " said Pentagon spokesman Col. Dave Lapan . Lapan would not say specifically how many American troops are still in Yemen , but other officials have told CNN there have been about 100 trainers and support personnel rotating in and out of the country , helping to train Yemen 's counterterrorism force . The Pentagon denies that those forces have been among troops that have fired on civilians . "  We have no evidence the counterterrorism forces we 've trained are being used against protesters . We have seen reports they 've engaged with armed forces , and we are looking for more information on that aspect , " Lapan said . Barak Barfi , research fellow with the New America Foundation , told CNN the fighting in Yemen could destabilize Saudi Arabia by spurring a mass exodus to the neighboring country and emboldening al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula to plot attacks . He believes Saudi Arabia , which has great influence in the country , is the only country that can help it avoid the specter of civil war . "  Riyadh exerts a strong influence on both Saleh and the tribes that have turned against him through the lavish patronage the monarchy provides Yemeni factions , " said Barfi . "  If Saleh is compelled to leave Yemen , Saudi Arabia is one of the few countries that could possibly offer him refuge . The Saudis have sought to subordinate their role in the crisis under the auspices of the Gulf Cooperation Council , but must now take a firmer stance to prevent the complete breakdown of the Yemeni state , which would have regional repercussions , " he said . CNN 's Chris Lawrence , Jamie Crawford and Joe Sterling contributed to this report	NEW : President Saleh says "  gangsters , " not the "  youth 's revolution , " is behind the attack NEW : A top EU official urges an "  immediate cease-fire " and a swift transition of power A sheikh and at least three bodyguards were killed , while Saleh was among those hurt The Hashed tribe denies it carried out the attack on the palace
CNN  Jon Reiter is no stranger to Mount Everest -- its world-record height , its prestige , its challenges . And its dangers . He learned that again shortly before noon Saturday , after a monster magnitude 7.8 earthquake struck Nepal . It not only rattled cities like Kathmandu and Pokhara , but caused avalanches at Everest and nearby peaks . Reiter was safe but shaken by the devastation . He told his wife , Susan , about his putting one dead person in a sleeping bag and zipping it up , seeing others killed by the falling ice and collapsing snow , and doing all he could to help others fighting for their lives . "  It 's been a really rough day , " Susan Reiter told CNN . "  Jon 's been comforting injured people that he does n't think will survive . " Jon Reiter told CNN on Sunday morning that 17 people had been killed on the mountain . The Indian Army 's Everest Expedition evacuated the bodies of 13 mountaineers from a base camp who had been preparing to scale the mountain , spokesman Col. Rohan Anand said Saturday . Separately , Dr. Nima Namgyal told CNN he has seen 14 bodies so far . Many of those killed came from other countries , according to Namagyal , something that 's not surprising given Everest 's lure for many hikers around the world . What may be as remarkable is all those who survived , a number that 's likely in the hundreds . They are women and men like Alex Gavan , who tweeted about running for his life from his tent . "  Huge disaster , " the mountaineer said hours later , warning that the death toll could skyrocket if helicopters did n't come quickly to evacuate those hurt . "  Helped searched and rescued victims through huge debris area . Many dead . Much more badly injured . More to die if not heli asap . " Another hiker , Carsten Lillelund Pedersen , wrote on Facebook that "  a huge avalanche swept over basecamp " that had almost 500 tents , saying he survived by hiding behind a stone structure . Afterward , the camp 's dining tent was transformed into a makeshift hospital headed by the camp manager , who happens to be a doctor . And even hours after the biggest quake struck , the threat of more casualties -- and the challenge of finding out how high the toll actually is -- remained very real . "  On top of the whiteout after the avalanche it has been snowing since last night so it is difficult to see the following avalanches , and there are so many - maybe one every 5 min - that I have stopped counting , " Pedersen wrote on Facebook . "  This also makes it more difficult to search for people . " Several companies specialize in bringing hikers to Everest . One of the biggest is Alpine Ascents International , based in Washington state . "  The Alpine Ascents International Mt. Everest climbing team was in the icefall and is now safe at Camp 1 , avoiding the avalanche that hit Base Camp , " the Seattle-based company reported on Facebook . "  Please keep those affected in your thoughts as we continue to receive updated reports on the damage and losses in Nepal . " But not every foreign company that brings climbers to Nepal was so lucky . Two reported the deaths of Americans on the mountain . That includes British-based Jagged Globe , which has offered mountaineering expeditions , courses , adventure skiing and other experiences for the past 20 years . The company reported Saturday that American Dan Fredinburg died in the Everest base camp avalanche , while two others suffered non-life-threatening injuries . A Google executive who made headlines for dating actress Sophia Bush , Fredinburg had been posting photos and updates of his adventures in Nepal on Instragram and Twitter , where he referred to himself as an "  adventurer , inventor , and energetic engineer . " His sister updated the account with a message , saying he suffered a major head injury . "  We appreciate all of the love that has been sent our way thus far and know his soul and his spirit will live on in so many of us . All our love and thanks to those who shared this life with our favorite hilarious strong willed man . He was and is everything to us , " his sister , Megan , wrote . The expedition company sent its condolences . "  Our thoughts and prayers go out to Dan 's family and friends , " read a statement on Jagged Globe 's website , "  whilst we pray too for all those who have lost their lives in one of the greatest tragedies ever to hit this Himalayan nation . " Eve Girawong , a base camp medic from New Jersey who worked on the mountain , also was killed , according to her family and employer . "  On behalf of my family , it is with deep sadness that I write that our beloved daughter , younger sister and best friend has been taken from us today . Nong Eve Girawong was doing the thing she loved doing most -- helping others . Words can not describe the heartbreak and pain that we are currently suffering , " a family member wrote on Facebook . She was working for Madison Mountaineering , a boutique mountain guide service based in Seattle . Kurt Hunter , one of the company 's co-founders , confirmed her death . Jim Whittaker , the first American to reach the summit of Mount Everest back in 1963 , is still a mentor to experienced climbers trying to follow in his footsteps . The 86-year-old confirmed that climbers he knows to currently be on Everest are safe . But some are trapped above the icefall , "  which is very dangerous anyway , " Whittaker told CNN . Since the avalanches , "  the whole route would be different now than before the quake . They 'll have to put a new route in from base camp up through that icefall ... They  the climbers  will have to cool it for a couple days , way until the route is reestablished ... they 've got enough food and fuel for the stoves . " His son , Leif Whittaker , told CNN that he has n't heard from everyone he knows to be on Everest . "  It 's really tragic and I 'm really saddened by the news , " he said . "  I have a lot friends in the area and friends on Everest right now . It 's hard to get news from base camp and the mountains because communication is difficult as it is . Many of my friends are safe , but I 'm not sure if all of them are . "  It 's been a bad few years on Everest , " he said . "  My heart goes out to them , and I 'm sending them my love and strength . " This tragedy struck just over a year after another deadly avalanche on the 29,035-foot peak that likewise sent everyone -- from seasoned Sherpas to foreign tourists -- running for their lives . At least 13 Nepalese locals and Sherpas were killed in that incident , which at the time was the deadliest incident ever around Everest . The highest single-day death toll before then came in May 1996 , when eight climbers disappeared during a big storm -- an episode chronicled in Jon Krakauer 's bestselling book , "  Into Thin Air . " Given the scale of the avalanches and fact they occurred near the start of the busy spring climbing season , it 's possible this day could turn out to be the most deadly . Climbers traditionally arrive in April to get acclimated to the high altitude before trying to scale the summit . There 's no guarantee they 'll get the chance to go up this season . After last year 's avalanches , the mountain was shut down . But whether it 's their livelihood or their obsession , the people who tackle Everest will be back . "  This is our job , " said Pasang Sherpa , who lost "  friends in brothers " in the 2014 avalanche . "  So there is always a risk of death . " For many mountaineers , the draw of Everest has long been hard to resist . One of them is Reiter , who has scaled all of "  The Seven Summits " -- the highest mountain on each of the seven continents -- except this one . This would be his third straight year trying . He turned back in 2013 "  because it did n't feel right " and survived last year 's avalanche , according to his wife Susan . Her husband phoned her multiple times since the latest avalanches , reassuring her that he 's OK physically even as he struggles emotionally with the tragedy . But does that mean he wo n't go back to try to scale Everest again ? "  You would think that he would n't because of this and because of last year , " Susan Reiter said from her Northern California home . "  But knowing my husband I think he will . I hope not , but I do n't want to hold him back . " Nepal rescue efforts come down to neighbors CNN 's Katia Hetter , Jessica King and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Family of American medic killed posts message on Facebook says she died while at base camp At least 13 die after avalanches at Mount Everest base camp , authorities say ; Climber says 17 dead Dining tent at one base camp has been transformed into a hospital , another hiker says
CNN  Jordan executed two al Qaeda prisoners before dawn Wednesday , following through on a promised strong response to the ISIS killing of pilot Moath al-Kasasbeh , a government spokesman said . Put to death were Sajida al-Rishawi , the Iraqi would-be suicide bomber whose release ISIS had previously requested , and Ziad Karbouli , a former top aide to the deceased leader of al Qaeda in Iraq , Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , the spokesman said . Al-Rishawi was executed for her role in a 2005 suicide bombing at a wedding reception in Jordan that killed dozens . Karbouli was sentenced to death in 2007 after he was convicted of acts of terrorism that killed one person , the plotting of more terrorist attacks and the possession of explosives , the Jordanian spokesman said . The executions come a day after video and stills appeared to show a Jordanian military pilot being burned alive while confined in a cage . CNN is not showing images of the killing , which triggered global condemnation and prompted immediate promises of retaliation and protests in Jordan , one of more than 60 nations involved in the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS in Iraq and Syria . The 22-minute video begins with an attack on Jordan 's King Abdullah II , suggesting he is to blame for what happened to the pilot , Moath al-Kasasbeh . A short time after the video became public , Jordanian military spokesman Mamdouh Al Amri said al-Kasasbeh was "  assassinated " on January 3 . His statement indicates the back-and-forth in recent weeks between Jordan and ISIS about a possible prisoner exchange to free the pilot took place after his death . Jordan repeatedly had asked ISIS to show proof that al-Kasasbeh was alive . "  Those who doubted the atrocities committed by ISIS now have the proof , " Jordanian government spokesman Mohammad al-Momani said on state TV . "  Those who doubted Jordan 's power will soon see the proof as well .  Al-Kasasbeh 's  blood will not be shed in vain . " In Amman and in the pilot 's hometown , crowds hit the streets , calling for revenge . "  With the blood and self , " protesters chanted , "  we are sacrificing ourselves for Moath . " One demonstrator held a poster that read : "  They burned our hearts , so let 's burn their dens , and their prisoners in our prisons . " Analysts have predicted the brutality of its latest video could come back to bite ISIS . "  I think there 's likely to be a backlash , particularly in Jordan , " said Paul Cruickshank , a CNN terrorism analyst . "  I think it 's sort of going to rally support for King Abdullah and his participation in the anti-ISIS coalition . " ISIS is known to be holding at least two Western hostages still : John Cantlie , a British journalist who has appeared in a number of ISIS-produced videos and an American woman who is a 26-year-old aid worker . "  The propaganda factor , I think , is going to completely backfire on them and the reason I say that is : When was the last time you had a mob in the street of one of these Muslim countries that was not screaming ` death to America , ' but in fact screaming , ` get revenge on ISIS , ' which essentially means , team up with America , " said Tom Fuentes , a CNN law enforcement analyst . "  I think it 's a huge mistake on the part of ISIS . " ISIS has recorded the deaths of its captives before , then disseminated the brutal footage online as propaganda . What makes the Jordanian pilot 's case different is that he hailed from a Middle Eastern nation taking part in the anti-ISIS military coalition . The manner of execution also is different . In previous ISIS videos , captives were beheaded . A masked man with a London accent , dubbed "  Jihadi John , " has appeared in at least six videos , standing near hostages . Sometimes , ISIS has threatened who it will kill next . At the end of its latest video , ISIS shows names and addresses of who it claims are Jordanian pilots . A reward is offered , and a voice says they are "  wanted dead . " "  I think they 're sending a clear message to the Arab members of the coalition , and certainly Sunni Muslims who may be engaged in the fight against ISIS , that this is the way they 're going to be treated . They 're going to be treated brutally , and in fact , maybe perhaps more brutally than other members of the coalition , " said Juan Zarate , a former U.S. deputy national security adviser . Militants said they captured al-Kasasbeh after he ejected from his crashing F-16 on December 24 , having taken part in U.S.-led coalition airstrikes near Raqqa , Syria , the de facto ISIS capital . Almost immediately , he became a major pawn for ISIS . The Islamist extremist group had taken hostages before . But it had n't captured anyone from the U.S.-led military coalition who was actively fighting to defeat it . His capture got the attention of many in Jordan , including King Abdullah , who is a former helicopter pilot . Jordanian officials had talked openly about the possibility of swapping al-Rishawi , a jihadist imprisoned in Jordan , for al-Kasasbeh . That demand was made via Japanese journalist Kenji Goto , who also was taken captive by ISIS . Goto , like other hostages before him , was killed , according to a video posted Saturday , before any exchange could occur . Gen. Lloyd Austin , commander of U.S. Central Command , said he 's been in touch with the head of Jordan 's armed forces about what he called ISIS ' "  savage murder . " President Barack Obama said that the latest video , if authentic , is "  just one more indication of the viciousness and barbarity of this organization . " "  It , I think , will redouble the vigilance and determination on the part of a global coalition to make sure that they are degraded and ultimately defeated , " Obama said . "  It also just indicates the degree to which whatever ideology they 're operating off of , it 's bankrupt . " He met Tuesday with Jordan 's king , who cut short a trip to Washington following the pilot 's killing . The President 's comments were echoed in a statement from Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel . "  This horrific , savage killing is yet another example of ISIL 's contempt for life itself , " he said , using another common acronym for ISIS . "  The United States and its military stand steadfast alongside our Jordanian friends and partners ; Jordan remains a pillar of our global coalition to degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL , and this act of despicable barbarity only strengthens our shared resolve . " According to the Jordan Times , an English-language newspaper published daily in the kingdom , al-Kasasbeh , 27 , held the rank of lieutenant . One of eight children , he comes from Karak governorate and graduated from King Hussein Air College , the newspaper says . At the time of his capture , his father , Safi al-Kasasbeh , told the Jordan Times that his son was "  a very modest and religious person " who memorized the Quran and "  was never harmful to anyone . " Safi al-Kasasbeh later demanded that Jordan do everything it could to free his son . "  I firmly ask whomever has sent Moath to fight outside the borders of Jordan , on a mission unrelated to us , to make strong efforts to bring back Moath , " he said . "  Moath 's blood is precious , it 's precious and it represents the blood of all Jordanians . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry described al-Kasasbeh as everything he says ISIS is not : "  He was brave , compassionate and principled . " "  That he was murdered after his father 's plea for compassion reminds all the world that this foe has no agenda other than to kill and destroy , and places no value on life , including that of fellow Muslims , " Kerry said . CNN 's Ed Payne , Ali Younes , Elwyn Lopez , Chandrika Lakshminarayan , Jason Hanna and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Jordan executes Sajida al-Rishawi and Ziad Karboul President Obama meets with Jordan 's king after pilot 's murder Analysts predict the brutality of its latest video could come back to bite ISIS
CNN  -- Esra'a al Shafei , a recent university graduate in Bahrain , is young , Muslim and frustrated . Young Muslims , pictured here in Afghanistan , are increasingly using technology to engage the world . The 23-year-old says the complexity of who she is as a Muslim is being distorted by extremists and the media coverage of them . Channeling her frustration , she started Mideastyouth.com , a Web site she describes as a place for young people in the region to "  show a different side of our religion " and discuss topics big and small , taboo and not . She represents a generation of Muslims who are using technology to express themselves , connect with others , challenge traditional power structures and create an identity in an era when Islamic extremists often grab the headlines . "  I think the word that clearly defines the younger generation and also separates them from their parents is ` globalized , ' " said Reza Aslan , the author of two books on Islam , including the recently published "  How to Win a Cosmic War : God , Globalization and the End of the War on Terror . " Access to technology lags in countries with large Muslim populations compared with Europe and the United States . Access also varies between those countries depending on a variety of factors such as governmental control and economic development . But the numbers of people using the Web and cell phones are growing -- and quickly . "  The percentage increases of Internet users in places like Iran , Pakistan and Egypt are astronomical during the past five years , " Aslan said . A recent study by Forrester Research predicted growth rates for Web usage would continue to soar in the region during the next five years . A battle over interpretation Al Shafei , who spoke to CNN by phone from Bahrain , said her Islamic identity was partly shaped by a childhood that included Christian classmates and American and British teachers . She also grew up in a country that was relatively progressive enough to appoint a female Jewish ambassador recently . "  Islam is much more relaxed here , " she said . "  But it does n't mean we 're not good Muslims . " She discovered blogs , and the more she read , the more she grew frustrated with the nature of the dialogue . "  No one was talking to each other , " she said . The conflict between Hezbollah and Israel in 2006 was the turning point for her . "  I was really annoyed by how the Western and Arab media were covering it , " she said . "  Both sides were sticking to the extremes . " She said she started her Web site that year to provide the world -- and media -- a different perspective on Islam . "  We 're not as simplistic as the media would often make of us , " she said . Al Shafei said the Web site 's discussion subjects range from the political to the taboo , including homosexuality , premarital sex and atheism . The anonymity provided by the Web helps foster such discussion , she said . She is , however , careful to avoid talking about some topics , which could get her in trouble . "  I always remind myself that I have my limitations , " she said . "  There are various issues that I am unable to tackle for security reasons . " Al Shafei said she hopes that Web sites such as hers could help fight extremist Islamic groups by defeating their arguments through cultural and religious dialogue . But she concedes there 's catching up to do . "  We have to move faster " because extremist groups are more widespread in traditional media such as newspapers and radio stations , which are still consumed by more people than new media such as Web sites , she said . The extremists ' lure Some extremists are adept at using technology and new media as well . The killings of journalist Daniel Pearl , U.S. businessman Nicholas Berg and Eugene Armstrong , an American contractor working in Iraq , were all recorded and later broadcast on the Web . It 's long been a concern that the Web is being used by extremist groups such as al Qaeda to recruit young Muslims to their cause . However , Bruce Etling , who co-authored recent studies of the Arabic and Persian blogospheres at Harvard University 's Berkman Center for Internet & Society , said he found little evidence of such activity . "  In the Arabic blogosphere we found no specific clusters related to extremism , and when it was discussed , it tended to be in negative terms , " he said . "  It was a counter-narrative we were surprised to find . " There are several possible reasons why , he explained . It 's difficult for extremist groups to maintain a static presence on the Web -- they constantly have to move to avoid being found . Additionally , popular sites such as Facebook have strict terms of usage , which make it difficult for extremist groups -- and their sympathizers -- to build a following . Aslan , who is also the executive editor of the social-networking Web site Mecca.com , said that research has consistently shown that the Internet is not an effective recruiting tool for extremists . He said extremist groups use the Web more as a marketing and communication tool . "  Nobody , absolutely nobody , straps a bomb on their body because they were recruited from the Internet , " he said . "  It takes an enormous amount of personal face-to-face contact and time in order to recruit a young person into the cause of jihad . " The Web and the streets Observers say that like other young people around the world , Muslims mostly use technology such as cell phones and the Web for social and recreational reasons , not political . Jared Cohen traveled through the Middle East from 2004 through 2006 for his book , "  Children of Jihad : A Young American 's Travels Among the Youth of the Middle East . " He joined the U.S. State Department in September , 2006 . He said his travels showed him that the same tools young Muslims are using to socialize also are helping them organize . While at an underground party in Iran a few years ago , he asked the Iranians how they heard about the gathering . They told him that if he were to go to the marketplace during the day and turn on his Bluetooth , he could receive random messages with details on where to go and at what time . Western-style parties and music are prohibited in Iran , so young people hold them secretly to evade security . Cohen said the partygoers were dismissive when asked if they were afraid of the security forces finding out . "  No one over 30 knows what Bluetooth does , " the young Iranians told him . That knowledge and tech savviness played a significant role in the recent protests after the disputed Iranian election . Protesters used Twitter , cell phones and other social-networking tools to organize and spread word of what was happening on the streets . The impact on Islam : A new identity ? The post-election fallout in Iran is one example that portends a broader generational and hierarchical struggle in the Muslim community , some experts say . There are a lot of young Muslims . By some estimates , about 60 percent of Muslims in the Middle East are under the age of 30 . "  What the printing press is to Christianity in the 16th century , that 's what the Internet is doing to Islam now , " Aslan said . "  It has opened up the monopoly over the interpretation of Islam that used to solely belong to the religious class . " Some clerical authorities , well aware of the challenges posed to their influence by the powers of the Web , are becoming more tech savvy and are building a digital presence , Aslan says . But their interpretations and authority increasingly have competition from sites created by young Muslims such as al Shafei and online communities found on Facebook and Twitter . However , emerging technology also could be a force that helps forge a new , more global Islamic identity . Syrian Muslims can now talk to Muslims in Pakistan , Indonesia , the U.S. or Europe . "  During the 20th century , the parents of this generation were struggling to define for themselves some conception of a pan-Arab or pan-Muslim unity , " Aslan said . "  But that was elusive because there are so many things geopolitically that separate the Muslim world . "  With the Internet , those boundaries , those borders are irrelevant . "	The number of young Muslims using the Web is rising , experts say They 're using it to express themselves and connect with others These tools also are providing a way to organize socially and politically
London , England  CNN  -- Spanish banking giant Santander on Monday began its campaign to rename hundreds of Abbey and Bradford and Bingley bank branches across Britain . The banking group acquired Abbey in 2004 , before it purchased Bradford & Bingley and the Alliance & Leicester in 2008 . The first of 300 official Santander branches in the south-east of England was launched in London Monday morning by Banco Santander Chairman Emilio Botín , with a further 700 branches across the UK expected to follow suit by the end of January . In a statement Botin said : "  This is a historic day for Santander as its name is firmly established on the UK high street . "  When Santander acquired Abbey in 2004 , there were some who doubted we could make it a success . Today , there can be no doubts . "  Over the last five years we have transformed our UK business into one of the most successful banks in the country . The decision to become Santander will put us in an even stronger position the UK . " António Horta-Osório , Chief Executive of Santander UK , added : "  The success of our UK business has given us the confidence to move to the Santander name now and with it deliver the next phase of our transformation program and make 1,300 branches available to our 25 million customers in the UK . "  I am confident that this is a very positive move - both for our customers and our employees . " Over the next few years , Santander says it aims to increase the number of products each of its customers hold through increasingly competitive and market-leading products to its customer base . At the end of 2008 , Santander , which was founded in 1857 , was the largest bank in the euro zone by market capitalization and third in the world by profit . It has has 90 million customers , around 14,000 branches -- more than any other international bank -- and over 170,000 employees .	Santander bought Abbey in 2004 , Bradford & Bingley , Alliance & Leicester in 2008 Spanish banking group expected to rename around 1,000 bank branches across UK by end of January Group CEO : "  Decision to become Santander will put us in an even stronger position the UK "
CNN  -- Russia will host a Formula One race for the first time in 2014 , its Prime Minister Vladimir Putin announced on Thursday . A seven-year deal has been agreed to host the race at the Black Sea resort of Sochi , running through to the 2020 season . The city will also host the 2014 Winter Olympics . "  We have reached an agreement with the principal owner of Formula One that Sochi would host the Russian Grand Prix from 2014 to 2020 , " former President Putin told Russian business leaders , as quoted by state news agency RIA Novosti . Formula One surpremo Bernie Ecclestone also confirmed Russia 's imminent introduction to the elite motorsport category 's calendar . "  I am very happy that Formula One will take place in Russia , " he told the UK Press Association . "  I hope that Formula One will contribute to the development of Sochi which can be seen here . " Russian motorsport commentator Alexei Popov has hailed hosting a grand prix as one of the biggest events in sport . "  Such an ambitious project became possible only due to the political will of high-profile officials , " he told business newspaper Vedomosti . "  After the Olympic Games and the World Cup , this is the most spectacular sports event . " The sport has been keen to expand into new regions in recent years , with Korea making its F1 debut later this month and India being added to the racing calendar for the 2011 season . The new race could lead to the creation of Russia 's first F1 team , according to Igor Yermilin of the Russian Motor Racing Federation . "  The signing of the agreement to stage a Grand Prix in Sochi will help put a Russian team in F1 , " he told RIA Novosti . Vitaly Petrov this year became the first Russian to drive in F1 after securing a race seat with the Renault team . The 26-year-old , who signed a one-year deal with the option of two more , is 13th in the drivers ' standings on 19 points -- 95 behind Polish teammate Robert Kubica .	Russia to host its first Formula One race in Sochi starting in 2014 A seven-year deal has been agreed , taking the race through the 2020 season Russian Grand Prix could lead to the country 's first-ever Formula One team Vitaly Petrov this year became the first Russian to compete in an F1 race , with Renault
CNN  -- The three mothers hail from the same province in China , but they 'd never met until a reckless driver in central Ohio killed their only children . From left , Sun "  Zoe " Yan , Bian "  Jack " Jin and Xue "  Jo " Bing were students at Urbana University in Ohio . Two years later , the women wade through a cultural morass , struggling with American laws and language as they work to recoup the tens of thousands of dollars they borrowed to educate , and bury , their children . They 've also lost their pride and possibly their future . In China , a family 's future often rides on the education of its youngest member , and parents routinely mortgage the present for a brighter retirement . The three mothers have no good news for friends and relatives who stop by their homes in northeast China , sometimes for hours , asking for their money . The mothers face the cultural shame of not being able to repay them , and many of their creditors do n't believe them when they explain they 've received little compensation for their losses . "  Even after I die , I could not close my eyes , " Cai Tie Juan said , describing her stress and exhaustion through a translator . On March 8 , 2007 , Cai 's son , Bian Jin , 27 , better known to his American counterparts as Jack , was returning from a spring break shopping trip with Sun Yan and Xue Bing , both 24 . Learn more about students " According to the Dayton Daily News , Bian was driving . Sun , aka Zoe , and Bian 's girlfriend , Xue -- whose friends called her Jo -- were in the backseat of Bian 's Ford Taurus . They were trying to get back in time for Sun 's 6:30 p.m. shift at a local Chinese restaurant in Urbana , Ohio , where the three attended graduate school . Witnesses told the newspaper that several cars were waiting at a traffic light when Jason Skaggs , then 34 , approached the intersection of Urbana and Moorefield roads . Skaggs crashed his blue Chevy Tahoe into a Buick Skylark at 98 mph  about 158 kph  , went airborne and sandwiched Bian 's Taurus between the Tahoe and a gold Chrysler , witnesses and police told the paper . The Taurus was reduced to a ball of crumpled metal with tires . Bian , Sun and Xue were killed instantly . Four others , including Skaggs , were injured . See photos of wreck , trial from Dayton Daily News Skaggs said he had had a seizure before barreling into the intersection , but the jury did n't buy the defense and found him guilty of aggravated vehicular homicide . During the trial , the media uncovered a litany of driving violations committed by Skaggs , including a speeding ticket he received for driving 91 mph in a 65-mph zone just weeks before the wreck . Skaggs also had been jailed for aggravated vehicular homicide in the past , after he had passed a car in a blind curve in 1994 , killing a 79-year-old mother and her son , the Daily News reported . A judge in August sentenced Skaggs to the maximum 34 years in prison . The students ' parents wonder how Skaggs had a license to begin with . He 'd already killed two people and had no insurance . And if epilepsy played a role in the wreck , it only bolsters their belief he should n't have been driving in the first place . "  Why could somebody let this happen ? " Xue 's mother , Sun Chun Zhi , asked through a translator . "  Obviously , he had a history of driving recklessly and had violated many traffic laws . " Chinese laws would 've never let someone like Skaggs drive , and more frustratingly , they say , the Chinese government would 've stepped in with financial help if this had happened in their homeland . Conversely , it is a Chinese law that has been most devastating . Because the world 's most populous nation has for 30 years enforced a one-child-per-couple policy , Bian , Xue and Sun Yan had no siblings , so the families ' prospects for the future were crushed in a Ford Taurus at the intersection of Urbana and Moorefield roads . "  When you raise a child in China , you are basically insuring your old age , " Sun Yan 's mother , Yu Ming , said , weeping as she spoke through a translator . Because Bian , Xue and Sun Yan had promising futures , their parents were confident asking friends , relatives , colleagues and even their kids ' classmates for money to send them to graduate school at the 1,500-student Urbana University . In China , personal loans from banks are n't as common as they are in the U.S. . More commonly , people borrow from friends and family , and you are honor bound to pay them back . There is no poor-mouthing or filing for bankruptcy . The university unveiled a memorial last year among three Lacebark Pines , a native Chinese tree . "  You return what you owe . It is the bible of heaven and the ground rule of Earth , " Yu said , using a Chinese saying to explain the importance of honoring your debts . Each family borrowed in the neighborhood of 300,000 yuan , almost $ 44,000 , to send their kids 6,500 miles to Urbana University . They each borrowed tens of thousands of dollars more for their children 's funerals and several trips to the United States , some to attend Skaggs ' trial . They 've collectively received about $ 19,000 from a state victim 's fund and $ 22,000 from a charitable fund established by Urbana University . Another fund set up by the university collected about $ 36,000 , but much of the money went toward the families ' funeral and travel bills . The mothers say they appreciate the donations because their pensions and pay are a pittance of what they owe . Xue 's father is back home in Dalian City , a trading hub of about 6 million people on the Liaodong Peninsula near North Korea . The retired office manager earns a pension of about 1,600 yuan , or $ 234 , a month . Bian 's father and Sun Yan 's father live in Shenyang , an industrial base of more than 7 million people , also near North Korea . Bian 's father has been working all the overtime shifts he can muster and brings home about 3,500 yuan  $ 512  a month . Sun Yan 's father is a farmer and receives no pension . Meanwhile , the mothers have been in Springfield , Ohio , living in a home donated by a sympathizer since November . They keep their living expenses as low as possible , subsisting off one meal a day to save money . Cai and Yu still collect their respective pensions of about 1,300 yuan  $ 190  and 700 yuan  $ 102  a month . Sun Chun Zhi has lost her job as an accountant because of all the trips she has made to the states in the last two years . The women say they are pleading with anyone they think can help -- university officials , the consulate , even a senator . Yu said she and her husband recently sold their cozy apartment in Shenyang and moved in with a niece in China to help pay off their debts , which included about 50,000 yuan  $ 7,312  that Yu and her four siblings scraped together to pay their father 's medical bills from a recent surgery . "  It did n't amount to a lot of money , " Yu said of the apartment sale . The mothers have considered suing Skaggs , who was represented at trial by a public defender , but lawyers have told them it 's not worth it . Friends and family members regularly stop by their homes in China , asking , "  How could there possibly be no money ? We really need money , too . Can you return it ? " Sun Chun Zhi said . "  They really do n't understand why we did n't get any money . They did n't believe that ... they 're not forcing you . They sit there and keep asking for money . " Added Yu , "  They 're not rich , either . They save all this money , and they do n't spend like Americans , they save . And then they lend it to me , and now they 've lost it , too . " The mothers are coping with emotional problems as well . Sun said the death of her daughter has left the family feeling helpless and "  emotionally destroyed . " Yu , who did not eat for two days after the wreck , said she 's lost her "  source of energy . " And Cai has taken up a regimen of sleeping pills to get some rest at night . "  It 's not getting better . It also feels like my heart is almost failing me , and I feel my body is almost failing me , " Cai said . Sun Chun Zhi said she , Cai and Yu sometimes struggle to grasp "  the meaning of why we need to survive " after losing their only children . "  But we can not fall apart now because we are trying to return the money to the people we borrowed it from , " said Sun Chun Zhi . "  We 're trying every possible way to return their money . "	Jason Skaggs had vehicular homicide conviction before he killed students Mothers plead for help paying off thousands they borrowed to send kids to U.S. Mother : "  When you raise a child in China , you are basically insuring your old age " Families earn between $ 102 and $ 702 a month in pay , pensions in China
CNN  -- The Australian Open provides a testing challenge for the world 's top tennis players as they turn out for the first grand slam tournament of the season . The searing heat of the Melbourne summer sun , the high bounce of the blue Plexicushion hard-court playing surface and the boisterous atmosphere generated by the packed stands all blend together to make the January 14-29 event an unforgettable experience . It may not yet have prestige of the other three majors , but it is a place where stars are born and where legendary reputations are no guarantee of success -- and the rewards have grown greater and greater . The 2012 edition is the 100th in the tournament 's illustrious history , but what do you know about it ? CNN Sport digs up nine items of interest about the southern hemisphere 's biggest tennis event . Richest grand slam Although Wimbledon and the U.S. and French Opens have arguably more prestige than the Australian event , there is no doubt , that in monetary terms at least , the Melbourne grand slam leads the way . And it is n't just the singles champions who will be laughing all the way to the bank after their $ 2.2 million payouts . The men 's and women 's doubles winners will each receive $ 468,000 per pair , while the mixed doubles champions collect $ 140,000 per pair . Fighting factions Melbourne is a melting pot of different cultures and nationalities , and has more ethnic diversity than any other city in Australia . When Cypriot Marcos Baghdatis reached the men 's singles final against Roger Federer in 2006 he was cheered on by Melbourne 's large Greek-Australian community . Sadly , in recent years , nationalistic rivalry has spilled over into sporadic fighting , notably between Serb and Croat fans . The heat is on As part of the Extreme Heat Policy , which was introduced in 1998 , Melbourne organizers have a regulation which is referred to as a "  heat stress level . " The measurement of heat stress is a combination of ambient air temperature , wind speed , humidity and the intensity of solar radiation . When daytime temperatures hit 35 degrees and the heat stress level reaches 28 , then play can be suspended and the roofs on two of the main arenas closed for any new matches starting . Nomadic existence The tournament was initially known as the Australasian Championships , then became the Australian Championships and enjoyed a nomadic existence in its early years . As well as the 56 tournaments in Melbourne , the other 44 have been spread across several cities , including Sydney  17  , Adelaide  14  , Brisbane  7  , Perth  3  . Across the Tasman Sea , New Zealand 's Christchurch and Hastings also hosted it in 1906 and 1912 respectively . Follow the crowd Once Melbourne was confirmed as the definitive home for the tournament , it soon became apparent that a new site needed to be constructed to accommodate the vast numbers of fans wanting to watch the action . In 1988 the tournament moved to the newly-built Melbourne Park complex and , since then , attendance figures have continued to soar . The main Rod Laver Arena has a seating capacity of 14,820 , while the Hisense Arena can hold 11,000 . Surface switches The tournament was played on grass until it left Kooyong . For the first two decades the new playing surface was the green Rebound Ace hard-court material , made by an Australian company , but in 2008 it changed to the U.S.-produced Plexicushion Prestige -- which supposedly retains less heat and has better stability for players than its predecessor . Roger Federer and Serena Williams are the only players to have won the Australian title on both types of courts , while Sweden 's Mats Wilander is unique in his wins on grass and Rebound Ace . Famous names honored The Australian Open singles trophies are named after Norman Brookes and Daphne Akhurst . Brookes was a legendary player in the formative years of the game . He was the first non-Briton to win Wimbledon in 1907 , and in 1926 he became the first president of the Lawn Tennis Association of Australia -- a post he held for the next 28 years . Akhurst dominated Australian tennis in the 1920s , winning five Australian Opens before tragically dying of an ectopic pregnancy at the age of 29 . Hingis makes history Martina Hingis was just 16 years , three months old when she beat Mary Pierce in the 1997 women 's final to become the youngest winner of a grand slam singles title . Remarkably the youngest men 's winner is also the oldest . In 1953 , the 18-year-old Ken Rosewall won the first of his four Australian Open titles . The last of his wins came in 1972 at the age of 37 years and two months , making Rosewall the oldest grand slam singles champion in history -- while the 19-year span between his first and last title is also a record . Edmondson 's shock victory Australian legend John Newcombe was expected to stroll to his third Australian Open title , and eighth grand slam success , in 1976 . His unseeded 22-year-old opponent Mark Edmondson had been taken to five sets by Austrian Peter Feigl in his opening match but caused a major upset by dumping top seed Rosewall out in the semifinals . Newcombe was the hot favorite to retain his title but , after winning the opening set , Edmondson hit back to take the next three for a stunning triumph . Edmondson went on to become an accomplished doubles player , claiming four Australian Open titles in the 1980s , but he never won another grand slam singles title .	The first grand slam of the tennis season , the Australian Open , takes place in Melbourne Novak Djokovic and Kim Clijsters will be defending their men 's and women 's singles titles In 1976 , Mark Edmondson , world ranked 212th , claimed a shock victory in the tournament Martina Hingis became the youngest grand slam winner when she triumphed in 1997
President Barack Obama will meet with Pope Francis for the first time on March 27 at the Vatican , the White House announced Tuesday . Obama 's visit with the leader of the Roman Catholic Church will be part of a larger European trip that the President will take that month . "  The President looks forward to discussing with Pope Francis their shared commitment to fighting poverty and growing inequality , " a White House news release said . Obama raised the Pope 's stance on inequality in an economic address in December . "  Across the developed world , inequality has increased , " Obama said . "  Some of you may have seen just last week , the Pope himself spoke about this at eloquent length . ` How can it be , ' he wrote , ` that it is not a news item when an elderly homeless person dies of exposure , but it is news when the stock market loses two points ? ' " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry told reporters last week -- after his own visit with the Vatican 's secretary of state -- that Obama would soon meet with Francis . But Kerry did not specify when . New Yorker profile shows a weathered Obama five years in Obama met Francis ' predecessor , Benedict XVI , in 2009 . That meeting , which took place at the Vatican , was Obama 's only meeting with a Pope . Obama will start his trip on March 24 in the Netherlands , where he will attend the 2014 Nuclear Security Summit in The Hague and meet with Dutch officials . He then will go to Brussels , Belgium , for a March 26 summit with the Presidents of the European Council and the European Commission , and also will visit with the NATO secretary general and Belgian officials , the White House said . Additionally , Obama will meet with Italy 's Prime Minister and President in Rome . Obama 's presidency has been marked by some high-profile clashes with the Catholic Church , including over abortion and contraception . But Francis ' approach to world economic issues is widely seen as more in line with Obama 's own approach than that of Benedict , who stepped down last year . In an MSNBC interview last year , Obama called Francis an "  extraordinarily thoughtful and soulful messenger of peace and justice . " "  I have n't had a chance to meet him yet , " Obama said . "  But everything that I 've read , everything that I 've seen from him , indicates the degree to , to which he is trying to remind us of those core obligations . " U.N. committee on sexual abuse grills Vatican officials	President Obama and the Pope will discuss poverty and inequality , the White House says The visit will be the first between the two Obama met with Francis ' predecessor , Benedict XVI , in 2009 The President will also to visit the Netherlands and Belgium
CNN  -- This year 's flu vaccine was less effective than officials previously thought , particularly for the elderly , said officials with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Officials have said the worst may be over and flu cases are declining . The 2012-13 flu season began in December , much earlier than usual , and was more severe than last year 's . That particularly was true for those 65 or older , according to a CDC report Thursday . The vaccine was 9 % effective in protecting people in that age group . "  One possible explanation for this is that some older people did not mount an effective immune response to the H3N2 component of this season 's vaccine , " the report said . "  However , it 's not possible to say that for sure . " An H3N2 flu strain has been the most dominant and has been especially hard on the elderly . Among those over 65 , 146 per 100,000 were hospitalized for the flu virus , compared with a rate of 30 per 100,000 last year , the CDC said . Dr. Thomas Frieden , the CDC 's director , said this month in a congressional hearing that about twice as many elderly people have been hospitalized with flu symptoms than in recent years . That includes the 2007-08 and 2003-04 seasons , which also saw a predominant H3N2 strain . "  It seems that this year 's flu vaccine is not nearly as effective as we would like among people over the age of 65 for one particular strain of flu , " Frieden said Thursday . "  That 's why early treatment is so important . " Officials maintained , however , that those 65 and older should be vaccinated yearly , for reasons including that this population is at high risk of serious illness , hospitalization and death from the flu . "  This flu season has been worse than average and particularly severe for the elderly , " Frieden said . "  Although it 's far from perfect , flu vaccination is by far the best tool we have to protect from the flu . " Authorities earlier had said the flu vaccine was 62 % effective for adults and children . In the Thursday report , the CDC revised that to 56 % . The new number , the agency said , is "  not significantly different " and continues to fall within the confidence interval established earlier . But the lower number includes an additional three weeks of data and was adjusted for various factors , including age and race or ethnicity . "  Both estimates indicate moderate vaccine effectiveness in preventing outpatient medical visits due to circulating flu viruses in most of the population , " the report said . In addition , while this year 's vaccine was considered a good match for the most common circulating flu viruses , it only provided 47 % protection against H3N2 , the main virus . "  We simply need a better vaccine against influenza , one that works better and lasts longer , " Frieden said . The Department of Health and Human Services as well as the private sector are working on such a project , he said . In addition , less than half of school-age children -- the population mainly responsible for spreading the flu virus -- got the flu shot , experts said . The CDC recommends the vaccine for those 6 months of age and older . According to the latest numbers released Friday by the CDC , "  influenza activity remained elevated in the United States , but decreased in most areas . " CNN 's Trisha Henry contributed to this report .	The flu vaccine showed 9 % effectiveness among those 65 and older , CDC says The vaccine was about 56 % effective in adults and children , it says New numbers show flu cases are declining in most areas
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- People in big cities walk past them every day -- street performers , or buskers . Some are talented , some are not , and most are n't performing for a cause greater than themselves . But on Monday , 12-year-old Abby Miller was . Abby Miller sings for her friend Taylor Love outside Washington 's Union Station on Monday . She was performing outside Washington 's Union Station to help her 4-year-old friend , Taylor Love , who is suffering from cancer . Abby sat in front of the station with a couple of her friends , singing songs and strumming a guitar . Passers-by seemed to notice the girl 's singing talent , stopping to listen in the chilly weather , with a few putting money in a bucket at Abby 's feet . Abby said the money will help support Taylor 's family . A few more stopped to write messages on "  Love Notes , " little cards designed to encourage Taylor Love through the tough time . "  Her mom reads them to her before she goes to bed at night , " Abby said . "  Taylor gets excited for them and she loves getting them read to her because she likes knowing that people are supporting her and people are actually thinking of her . " Taylor has neuroblastoma , a cancer that affects the nervous system . According to her Web site , she is in remission , but this type of cancer has a high risk of recurrence . There has been little research on the illness , of which there are about 650 new cases in the United States each year . Mike Gillette , a family friend of both Taylor and Abby , brought the two girls together . While raising money and support for Taylor is important , he said , he thinks Abby 's outreach can help bring more critical awareness for the devastating disease . "  She really wanted to reach people all over the country , " he said . Gillette said he has taken Abby to do similar performances in the District of Columbia , New Jersey and Virginia , and estimates they 've raised thousands of dollars and have gotten people to write several hundred "  Love Notes . " Abby does more than just raise money and awareness for her friend . Taylor 's mother , Aimee , said that although Abby is eight years older than Taylor , the two see each other often and have a special connection that helps her get through her daughter 's illness . "  I think it 's amazing for a 12-year-old Abby to be drawn to my daughter , who is 4 and wants to inspire other children , " Aimee Love said . "  The joy I see in Taylor when she sees Abby brings a light into my life . " Taylor 's family said her treatments are terribly painful . But Abby said Taylor has enormous character . "  She 's the most happy girl in the world , which I think is just incredible , " Abby said . "  She 's so much fun to be around . She 's a little 4-year-old girl but she 's got a heart of like a thousand grown adults . " Aimee Love said her daughter feels the same way about Abby . "  It gives her someone to aspire to , someone to be inspired by , " she said .	Abby Miller sings , plays guitar to help 4-year-old friend with cancer Abby collects donations , has people write notes of support for Taylor Love Taylor has neuroblastoma , a cancer that affects the nervous system
CNN  -- What does the United States have in common with Iran , Iraq and Saudi Arabia ? Answer : the death penalty . Together , the four nations killed 82 % of the world 's confirmed executions that year , according to Amnesty International . The world 's most populous nation , China , wo n't release its execution stats . State-sanctioned killing is a divisive issue for many reasons , not the least of which is an imperfect justice system . At the latest count , 1,369 people have been executed in the U.S. since 1976 and 144 people on death row have been exonerated , according to the Death Penalty Information Center . New York Law School Professor Robert Blecker writes , society kills some of its criminals intentionally "  because they deserve it . " This is a topic worth discussing . That 's why we hosted a CNN Google Hangout video conversation about this issue with CNN 's Ashleigh Banfield and top legal experts . One of the most amazing death row stories we talked about during Wednesday 's hangout surrounded a South Carolina man named Edward Lee Elmore . He was in line to be another death row statistic , although his lawyers say evidence pointed to his possible innocence . In fact , two federal judges wrote in an appellate court opinion that there was "  persuasive evidence " that South Carolina Law Enforcement Division agents in the case were "  dishonest . " The judges also wrote that the case bore further evidence of "  police ineptitude and deceit . " When he was 23 , Elmore -- a mentally disabled African-American handyman -- was arrested in the 1982 rape and murder of an elderly white widow in Greenwood , South Carolina . Elmore had never been convicted before . He insisted all along he was innocent . After an eight-day trial , it took jurors mere hours to find Elmore guilty and deliver a death sentence . During the appeal process , Elmore sat on death row for years , wondering when his time would run out . It looked bleak for him until a group of lawyers took a very close look at the case . Elmore 's lawyers said it looked like evidence was planted that made Elmore look guilty . They also said it looked like evidence was hidden that could have helped Elmore . In 2011 , a federal appellate court vacated Elmore 's conviction , saying his trial lawyer provided constitutionally ineffective assistance . Read the court 's opinion The next year , instead of waiting for the results of a new trial , Elmore took a prosecutor 's offer to plead guilty , while being allowed -- as a judge put it -- to "  maintain his innocence . " That 's right . Elmore pleaded guilty to regain his freedom . At 53 , he would never get back the 30 years he spent in prison . New York Times investigative journalist Raymond Bonner wrote that Elmore 's case "  raises nearly all the issues that shape debate about capital punishment : race , mental retardation , a jailhouse informant , DNA testing , bad defense lawyers , prosecutorial misconduct and a strong claim of innocence . " All of the facts will be laid out at 9 p.m. ET/PT Sunday during the premiere of CNN 's Original Series , "  Death Row Stories . " Top legal experts in our hangout included John H. Blume , one of Elmore 's lawyers . Hangout participants sent their questions to Blume as well as death row legal expert Robert Blecker and series Executive Producers Alex Gibney and Brad Hebert . Note : An earlier version of this article referred to an editorial that reported a miscalculated percentage of death row exonerations .	Watch a frank discussion with CNN about the death penalty at our Google Hangout CNN 's Ashleigh Banfield led the discussion with death row documentary producers The debate also included death row legal experts John H. Blume and Robert Blecker
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Ministry of Defense has released files on UFO sightings dating back to the 1970s , including witness accounts and the government 's response . The ministry on Wednesday released the files as part of a four-year project to transfer all of the UFO documents to the National Archives to make them available to curious members of the public . The documents include hundreds of police reports taken from witnesses who describe seeing lights or strange objects in the sky , from southern England and Wales up to Northern Ireland . The files released Wednesday cover 1978 to 1987 . The rest , dating from the 1950s and covering recent history , will be released over the coming years . Reported sightings typically describe various shapes and colors of lights , moving in formation or hovering in the sky . Witnesses reported orange , red , white and green lights that were diamond-shaped , square , or cigar-shaped . They reported them to police , who have a standard 16-question form specifically for UFO sightings . "  The vast majority of them are just ordinary people who 've seen something unusual and thought that they ought to tell someone about it , " said David Clarke , a professor at Sheffield Hallam University and a UFO expert who worked with the National Archives on the project . In one sighting in January 1985 , a man near Cardiff , Wales , was closing his living room curtains when he saw an object in the sky . He said it moved "  up and down like a bouncing ball , " then disappeared behind a mountain . Two police officers in Woking , south of London , reported seeing a white light in the sky on Christmas morning 1985 . The light , they said , moved into the nearby area of Horsell , where author H.G. Wells had placed the Martian landing in his book , "  War of the Worlds . " The person who took the report noted the officers were aware of the connection , writing , "  Genuine report . Two competent officers slightly embarrassed  Horsell Common features in H.G. Wells  . " Two other police officers in Edgware , north London , reported seeing an object in the sky in June 1984 . They viewed it with binoculars for an hour and sketched a picture , showing a white sphere with a ring of blue and red lights . "  The object moved erratically from side to side , up and down and to and fro , not venturing far from its original position , " the officers wrote . Other reports came from stunned members of the public , pilots , and members of the military . The Ministry of Defense said it examined the reports and held onto the records solely to determine whether enemy aircraft had infiltrated British airspace . Once it was determined that no enemy aircraft were in the sky , it did not investigate further . Watch why the ministry is revealing what it knows about UFOs " "  The Ministry of Defense has no other interest or role regarding UFO matters and does not consider questions regarding the existence or otherwise of extraterrestrial life-forms , " it said Wednesday . That leaves many of the incidents simply unexplained , such as an April 1984 report made by a senior air traffic controller at an unidentified airfield . The controller was bringing in a light aircraft for landing when he noticed a series of lights appearing to come down on another runway . The crew of the incoming plane radioed that they saw the lights , too . All reported that they saw the lights come down "  at speed , " touch down , and disappear . "  They were so concerned about this , they filed an official report , " Clarke said . "  But what was the thing that they saw ? There 's no evidence from the papers that any further investigations were done and it remains a mystery . " In 1979 , two years after Steven Spielberg 's alien-visitation movie "  Close Encounters of the Third Kind , " reports of strange sightings had increased and the House of Lords decided to hold a debate on UFOs . One of the documents released Wednesday is a detailed briefing prepared by the Ministry of Defense for the debate , and it sheds light on the military 's position on the matter . "  There is nothing to indicate that ufology  the study of UFOs  is anything but claptrap and no evidence at all of ` alien space craft , ' " read the briefing , prepared by the ministry for Lord Strabolgi , then government chief whip . At least one report in the files has since been explained , however . A report from August 1985 details the crop circles that two army officers found in a wheat field in Andover , in southern England . They noted one large circle surrounded by four smaller ones , all perfectly round with the wheat pressed down in a clockwise direction . No tracks led up to the circles , they said . The farmer called the army officers because he thought the Army Air Corps had created the circles , but the officers said they were stumped . "  None of us could offer any reasonable explanation , " they wrote . It is now known that the crop circles were some of many created by two hoaxers named Doug Bowers and Dave Chorley , according to Clarke . "  Doug and Dave , " as they were called , came forward in 1990 to say they created the circles with a garden roller and planks of wood , Clarke said . "  We now know that this particular circle near Andover was one of the ones that was created as a hoax by these two men , " he said .	British Ministry of Defense releases files on UFO sightings dating back to 1970s The documents include witness accounts and the government 's response Ministry says ufology is "  claptrap " and no evidence at all of alien space craft It held onto records to determine if enemy aircraft had infiltrated UK airspace
Mashable  -- The Samsung Continuum was announced earlier at the New York Stock Exchange , but the phone itself was just unveiled in Times Square . It will take its place beside the Galaxy S and will , at least initially , be available exclusively on Verizon Wireless . The device is similar to the Galaxy S in many ways . Its face is made from a 3.4-inch Super AMOLED touchscreen , making it perfect for media consumption . Additionally , the device is DLNA-compliant , so it can quickly connect with TVs and other devices with DLNA capabilities . But the most distinguishing feature of this device is n't its main display ; it 's a secondary , 1.8-inch , Super AMOLED display . The "  ticker " display is used to display information ranging from incoming calls to status messages . It 's also touch capable and , when the primary screen is being actively used , incoming messages are routed to it , so the primary activity is n't interrupted . The ticker can be activated separately from the main display using a unique grip sensor on the sides of the device . This allows users to discreetly look at relevant information without illuminating the considerably brighter main display . Disappointingly , the Continuum will ship with Android 2.1 , but Samsung has assured it will be updated rapidly . The question is whether Samsung will update to Android 2.2 or go straight to 2.3  Gingerbread  . The Samsung Continuum will be available for pre-order on November 11 . It will be available in stores on November 18 -- one day before the Droid Pro -- for $ 200 after a $ 100 mail-in rebate . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Samsung Continuum unveiled in Times Square Smartphone will be available exclusively on Verzion Wireless Most distinguishing feature is the secondary , 1.8-inch , Super AMOLED display
CNN  -- On nine occasions , New York City child welfare caseworkers visited the home of 4-year-old Myls Dobson without even realizing that the boy 's father was in jail , according to a review of the case . The child later died after being tortured . The boy 's father , Okee Wade , 37 , who has an extensive criminal record , was awarded custody of his son in August 2012 on the condition that the city Administration for Children 's Services check up on the child for a year and contact the father 's parole officer . Caseworkers , however , never consulted the parole officer and never learned that Wade was jailed in connection with a fraud case during their visits to the Brooklyn apartment where he was staying with his son , a review of the case ordered by Mayor Bill de Blasio found . His partner at the time told caseworkers that he was working . "  We were told that the father was working , and was working very long hours , 16 hours a day , and that 's why he was n't available , " Gladys Carrion , the head of ACS , said at the news conference with de Blasio on Friday . She added , "  Should we have done something differently ? Yes , we should have . " The review revealed that the agency charged with protecting children missed signs that the boy was at risk . "  We ca n't look at a situation like this and say that business as usual is acceptable , " de Blasio said . Dobson died January 8 after his father was jailed again on another case and left the boy in the care of a Manhattan woman who , according to a criminal complaint , told investigators she starved , beat and burned him . He was found unconscious and unresponsive on the floor of a bathroom at the woman 's apartment at the Ritz Plaza , a luxury high-rise in the Hell 's Kitchen section . Myls was later pronounced dead at a hospital . 2011 abuse allegation Myls ' family first came into contact with the ACS in January 2011 , when the agency received an allegation of abuse against his mother , Ashlee Dobson . The review found that caseworkers failed to learn that Wade was in jail from September 2012 to February 2013 , despite visiting his home . At the time , Wade had custody of Myls and a family court judge has ordered ACS to monitor the child 's well-being . Carrion said that caseworkers reported that Myls appeared safe and healthy during the visits . De Blasio ordered a review of all cases involving court-ordered supervision at the agency and said custodians must now get a family court judge 's approval before supervision ends . "  It is very , very painful to know that this child went through such agony , " the mayor said . The review of the case found that the ACS "  did not explore in detail " the allegations of abuse and did not seek an emergency removal of the child from the home . Wade pleaded guilty in New Jersey on Thursday to a charge of second-degree racketeering in connection with an elaborate bank fraud scheme unrelated to the case that landed him in jail when caseworkers visited his home in 2012 . A judge ordered him released on his own recognizance last week until February 6 to attend his son 's funeral , according to the state attorney general 's office . Wade had left Myls with a woman in Manhattan days before he was arrested , police said . The woman , Kryzie King , 27 , was indicted in connection with the boy 's death in Manhattan criminal court Wednesday . She has been charged with first-degree assault , first-degree reckless endangerment , endangering the welfare of a child and unlawful imprisonment . A prosecutor told the court that King also was being investigated on suspicion of murder and faced additional charges . The indictment will be unsealed on February 5 . In a statement after her arrest , King 's attorney , Bryan Konoski , said : "  My client is not charged with homicide at this time , and she is presumed to be innocent of allegations against her . I would tell everyone not to jump to any conclusions at this time . " Myls ' mother , Ashlee Dobson , faced abuse and neglect charges in South Carolina and New York City before ultimately losing custody of the boy . Myls ' parents are expected at attend his memorial service Tuesday night at First Corinthian Baptist Church in Harlem . De Blasio has been invited . Myls ' body was claimed from the morgue in New York on Wednesday , one week after his death . In the final weeks of his brief life , Myls suffered unspeakable acts of neglect and violence , according to a criminal complaint . The boy had burn marks and abrasions on his head , neck , face and testicles , court papers said . There were bruises and numerous marks made by an object on his abdomen and legs and wrists -- bruises consistent with being restrained -- lacerations to his fingers , abrasions to his armpit , and bruises and scars on his back . The child appeared to be malnourished , the complaint said . King told police that Myls ' father dropped the child off for her to watch on December 17 and that she was the "  child 's primary and sole caretaker " until the time of his death , the complaint said . "  We lost a child in a horrible manner , " De Blasio said . "  We want to learn from this tragedy and make changes as a result . "	Review : Authorities missed signs in case of boy burned and beaten to death Mayor Bill de Blasio : "  We want to learn from this tragedy " Child welfare official : "  Should we have done something differently ? Yes "
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Both Kiev and Washington say that Russian forces are massing in large numbers near Ukraine 's eastern border -- and that they represent a threat to Ukraine and potentially to other former Soviet states . It 's hard to pin down an exact figure , amid a welter of different views , but the U.S. and Ukraine agree the number of Russian soldiers present has risen fast in recent weeks . Russia , meanwhile , says it is simply conducting exercises in its southern and western military regions . It said one battalion was pulled back from a border area Monday after completing those drills , but NATO says it can not confirm any withdrawal . Here 's what the different parties are saying about the apparent Russian troop buildup : United States : Russia may have as many as 40,000 troops near its western border with Ukraine , two U.S. officials said last week . But the officials stressed this was only an estimate , largely based on satellite imagery , saying that it is difficult to come to a firm assessment because the Russians are continuing to move units around . Early last week , U.S. officials put the number at more than 30,000 , up by 10,000 from what it was a week to 10 days before . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Monday that if reports about Russia removing some troops from the border were accurate , "  it would be a welcome preliminary step . " Last Wednesday , a classified U.S. intelligence assessment concluded it was more likely than previously thought that Russian forces would enter eastern Ukraine , CNN learned . The buildup was seen to be reminiscent of Moscow 's military moves before it went into Chechnya and Georgia in both numbers of units and their capabilities , U.S. officials said . The assessment 's points included : • The 30,000-plus troops on the border are "  significantly more " than what is needed for the "  exercises " Russia says it has been conducting , and there is no sign they are making any move to return to their home bases . • The troops on the border with Ukraine include large numbers of "  motorized " units that can quickly move , as well as air defense artillery . • Additional special forces , airborne troops , air transport and other units that would be needed appear to be at a higher state of mobilization in other locations in Russia . • Additional intelligence indicates that even more Russian forces are "  reinforcing " the border region , according to U.S. administration officials , and all of the troops are positioned for potential military action . • The United States believes Russia may move toward three eastern Ukrainian cities -- Kharkiv , Luhansk and Donetsk -- to establish a land bridge into Crimea . • Russian forces are currently positioned in and around Rostov , Kursk and Belgorod , according to U.S. intelligence information . In a Pentagon briefing Thursday , Rear Adm. John Kirby said the United States has seen "  no specific indications " that Russian troops are in fact conducting military exercises along the border with Ukraine and that , whether they do or not , their presence does nothing to de-escalate the situation . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel was told by his Russian counterpart , Sergey Shoigu , that the troops did not intend to cross the border but were there only to conduct military exercises . President Barack Obama on Friday urged Russia to pull back its troops . "  You 've seen a range of troops massing along that border under the guise of military exercises , but these are not what Russia would normally be doing , " he said in an interview aired by CBS News . "  It may simply be an effort to intimidate Ukraine , or it may be that they 've got additional plans . "  And , in either case , what we need right now to resolve and de-escalate the situation would be for Russia to move back those troops and to begin negotiations directly with the Ukrainian government as well as the international community . " Ukraine crisis : NATO chief says no Russian troop withdrawal seen Ukraine : Ukraine 's estimate of the number of Russian troops at the border is 88,000 , a spokesman for the Ukrainian National Defense and Security Council , Yarema Dukh , told CNN on Thursday . Earlier in the week , National Security Council sources put the number at up to 100,000 , including units not immediately on the border that could be rapidly deployed from other nearby areas in the event of a Russian incursion into Ukraine . Also , according to Ukraine 's Foreign Ministry : • There 's "  a concentration of military equipment " in Russia 's Bryansk region -- which borders northeastern Ukraine and Belarus -- near the town of Churovichi and Klimovskiy district , about 18 kilometers  11 miles  from the border . • On March 25 , two trains up to 60 cars long arrived at Klimovo train station , about 16 miles northeast of Churovichi , carrying troops and equipment . • According to intelligence reports , camps , communication systems , medical facilities and military field facilities have been set up in the area . • Russia is using intelligence activities from the air in border areas ; 40 drone flights were reported in two days this week in Ukraine 's eastern border control area . Russia : Russia 's Defense Ministry says it is carrying out snap military exercises in its southern and western districts . The numbers it says are involved in the drills -- due to run until the end of March -- are much smaller than those cited by Washington or Kiev . • One Russian infantry battalion is being withdrawn from Russia 's southern Rostov region , having finished military exercises , state news agency ITAR-Tass reported Monday . It is returning to its base in the Samara region , hundreds of miles from the border , the outlet said , citing Russia 's Defense Ministry . It 's not clear how many soldiers are concerned , but a battalion would typically number in the hundreds . • On March 13 , Russia said that about 8,500 members of artillery units were training in the southern military district , using weaponry including multiple rocket launchers , howitzers and anti-tank cannons . • These artillery exercises are taking place in the Rostov , Belgorod , Kursk and Tambov regions , all near the border with Ukraine . • On March 11 , the Defense Ministry said about 4,000 paratroopers were taking part in airborne exercises in Russia 's western military district , including the Kursk region , which borders Ukraine . • Russia also had about 22,000 troops in Crimea as of last week , according to President Vladimir Putin . Up to 25,000 were allowed in Crimea under the terms of Russia 's lease of the Sevastopol naval base there . Is Crimea gone ? NATO : Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said Monday that NATO "  can not confirm that Russia is withdrawing its troops " from Ukraine 's border . "  This is not what we 're seeing . And this massive military buildup can in no way contribute to a de-escalation of the situation , " he said . Gen. Philip Breedlove , head of the U.S. European Command and military chief of NATO , previously said the Russian force is "  very sizable . " In remarks on March 23 , he described Russia 's snap military exercises as "  worrisome , " suggesting they had been used as a tool to bring Russian forces into a high state of readiness without prompting a NATO response . "  A snap exercise puts an incredible force at a border . The force that is at the Ukrainian border now to the east is very , very sizable and very , very ready , " he said . "  You can not defend against that if you are not there to defend against it . So I think we need to think about our allies , the positioning of our forces in the alliance and the readiness of those forces in the alliance , such that we can be there to defend against it , if required , especially in the Baltics and other places . " Breedlove also voiced worries that Russian troops could roll into Ukraine 's southwestern city of Odessa and Moldova 's separatist region of Transnistria , on the opposite side of Ukraine . "  There is absolutely sufficient force postured on the eastern border of Ukraine to run to Transnistria if the decision was made to do that , " he said . Analysis from Igor Sutyagin , of UK-based defense think tank RUSI : Sutyagin , an expert on Russian military matters whose assessment is based on Russian , Ukrainian and Eastern sources , rather than Western , puts the number of Russian combat troops at 30,000 to 40,000 in total . Including the support troops also present , for example in transport and communications units , gives a significantly higher number and explains the disparity in estimates given by Ukraine and others , he added . There are four groups of these Russian forces dispersed along the borders of Ukrainian territory , he said . One group is in Crimea , the southeastern peninsula now annexed to Russia , while the three other groups are positioned in a kind of triangle oriented toward three eastern Ukrainian cites : Kharkiv , Luhansk and Donetsk . There are also reserve forces deeper in Russian territory . The forces grouped in southern Russia , near the cities of Taganrog and Rostov on Don , number several thousand , he said . Sutyagin says he does not believe that forces in Russia 's western and southern military districts are on the snap exercises claimed by the Ministry of Defense . One indication is that they are in nontraditional training areas , he said . Other signs are that the troops are carrying out only low-level activities , that the supposed drills are lasting for longer than usual , and that the forces are dispersed over a wider area than might be expected . "  If that is the exercise , it 's an exercise to invade Ukraine , " said Sutyagin . This does n't mean Russia will invade tomorrow , but it does show clearly what Russia 's military planners may have in mind if they do go into the eastern region of Ukraine with the intention of severing it from the rest of the country , he said . In that scenario , the Russian combat troops in Crimea could act as a powerful second front designed to strike into the rear of Ukraine 's forces as they defend an assault from the east . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London , while Barbara Starr reported in Washington and Karl Penhaul in Kiev . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko , Shirley Henry and Alexander Felton , and journalist Victoria Butenko contributed to this report .	NEW : NATO chief says he ca n't confirm Russian withdrawal from area bordering Ukraine Russia says one battalion is being pulled back from border region after finishing drills U.S. officials say Russia may have as many as 40,000 troops near its border with Ukraine NATO commander Gen. Breedlove says Russia has a sizable force that is "  very , very ready "
CNN  -- Say these names as fast as you can : Hoof Hearted , Whykickamoocow , Oh no it 's my mother-in-law , Maythehorsebewithyou . It 's not a playground tongue twister , but a legitimate list of horse names , announced at speed by racing commentators adept at wrapping their lips around some of the most difficult -- and ridiculous -- titles on the planet . Silly horse names are as much a part of the racing experience as ladies in hats or laying a bet . But naming a thoroughbred is also a fine art subject to strict international regulations , with the power to both sway punters and shape the horse 's legacy . "  If you look at the big races , there are not many horses who win them without good names , " British racing commentator Cornelius Lysaght said . "  Frankel  the superstar colt who recently retired after an unblemished 14-win career  was a cracking name . It was very distinctive , strong and easy to pronounce -- it absolutely jumped out of the microphone . "  Added to that was the fairytale story of trainer Sir Henry Cecil naming him after trainer Bobby Frankel , who died from cancer . It created a certain mystique around the horse . " So why are many horse names downright weird ? It 's partly a way of getting around rules dictating that no professional thoroughbreds have the same name . That includes names which are spelled differently , but phonetically sound the same . Names can be no longer than 18 characters , with up to seven syllables . Each name is also protected for 20 years , and up to 35 years if the horse goes to stud after retiring . Then there 's the holy grail of names considered so important , they can never be used again . When people say , "  There 'll never be another Frankel , " they are n't wrong . The International Federation of Horseracing Authorities has put the champion horse on its eternally protected list , alongside such greats as Australian gelding Phar Lap and U.S. stallion Seabiscuit . One loophole does allow horses from different countries to have the same name -- provided they include the nation 's prefix at the end . And if you want to name your horse after a person or company , you 've got to have their permission . British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher famously turned down a request by the late Clement Freud -- a former celebrity chef , politician and grandson of the famed psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud -- to name his horse after her . He called it Weareagrandmother instead . There 's also the minefield of names deemed too offensive for the track . Among the risque suggestions which failed to get the seal of approval from the British Horse Racing Authority 's administrative arm , Weatherbys , are : Chit Hot , Harry Balzitch , Pee Ness and Hucking Fell . The names of terrorist organizations such as Al Qaeda and IRA have also been turned away , though Weatherbys racing director Paull Khan admitted suspect names had "  slipped through the net " in the past . "  You 've also got to take cultural differences into account . In Britain , people would generally be quite flattered to have a horse named after them , but in France it would more likely be seen as an insult , " he said . BBC commentator Lysaght has had to call some tongue-twisting horse names in a career spanning more than 30 years . "  A few complicated names in a tight finish can get a bit frightening , " he said "  If a few of the more difficult names go down in a race , I think deep down the commentator is thinking , ` Thank God that one 's not involved anymore . ' " Thankfully for Lysaght , the most prolific winners in recent years have had sharp , easily pronounceable names -- think Frankel or Australian supermare Black Caviar . "  There 's also a certain trend now for short , real words , " he said . "  The Queen is renowned for naming her horses sensible , quite cleverly constructed words -- like Sea Shanty . " But can a horse 's name affect its performance ? Is it possible to have a champion horse called Loser ? Lysaght believes a horse 's name can be self-prophesying -- to an extent . "  Camelot 's owners reserved the name 10 years ago -- they thought it was a marvelous name but there was no horse that came up to scratch , " Lysaght said . "  They wanted to wait and attach it to a really great horse who would live up to the mythical title . As it turned out , he did n't quite get there in the end . " British colt Camelot came close to fulfilling his promise , winning this year 's 2,000 Guineas and Epsom Derby but failing to complete the English Triple Crown after finishing second at the St. Leger Stakes . It 's difficult to pinpoint a link between names and performance . But that still has n't stopped horse names having an effect on punters ' betting habits . "  I think it holds the most sway at something like the Grand National in Britain , where you 've got a large proportion of inexpert betters , " Khan said . "  You 'll have lots of small bets on appealing names -- things that have a human element people can associate with or are cleverly constructed . " As for the horse 's legacy , Khan puts it down to performance . "  I think the degree people feel attached to certain names is dependent on the performance of the horse -- not the other way around , " he said . So if Khan had a horse , what would he name it ? "  Worksop Bellyflop . It 's a name that just jumped out at me when I gave a talk in Worksop , in the East Midlands , once . " It 's no Camelot . But then , as Shakespeare 's Juliet famously said : "  What 's in a name ? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet . "	Silly horse names are a traditional part of the horse racing experience But naming a thoroughbred is also fine art subject to strict international rules A horse 's name can influence betting among inexperienced punters Important horse names , such as Frankel , are put on a protected register
London , England  CNN  -- Procter & Gamble is recalling Vicks Sinex nasal spray in the United States , Britain and Germany after finding it contained bacteria , the company said . Procter & Gamble said it announced the voluntary recall after finding the bacteria in a small amount of product made at a plant in Germany . There have been no reports of illness from the bacteria , but it could cause serious infections for people with weakened immune systems or those with chronic lung conditions such as cystic fibrosis , Procter & Gamble said late Thursday . The bacteria poses little risk to healthy people , the company said . Cincinnati , Ohio-based Procter & Gamble said it detected the problem during routine quality control at the plant . Analysis so far shows the problem is limited to a single batch of raw material mixture involving three lots of product , which were sold only in the three countries affected by the recall , the company said . In the United States , the recalled product is Vicks Sinex Vapospray 12-hour Decongestant Ultra Fine Mist with lot number 9239028831 . In Britain , the company is recalling Vicks Sinex Micromist Aqueous Nasal Spray with lot number 9224028832 . In Germany , the recalled product is Wick Sinex Schnupfenspray Dosiersystem with lot number 9224028833 . All recalled products are in the 15-milliliter size . Lot numbers are listed on the outer carton and the bottle , the company said . Consumers with the product should discard it , and they may call the company for a replacement coupon or refund , the company said . More information is at the company 's Web site , www.pg.com .	Vicks spray recalled after small amount of product found to contain bacteria Bacteria poses little risk to healthy people , Proctor and Gamble says No reports of illness from the bacteria , it says
CNN  -- A computer failure temporarily halted the processing of food stamp purchases in parts of the country Saturday . A system shutdown began at 11 a.m. ET Saturday and affected 17 states , said a spokeswoman for Xerox -- which is a contractor for the program . By Saturday night , the issue had been resolved . "  We realize that access to these benefits is important to families in the states we serve , " said spokeswoman Jennifer Wasmer . "  We continue to investigate the cause of the issue so we can take steps to ensure a similar interruption does not re-occur . " The food stamp program , officially known as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program , or SNAP , allows many beneficiaries to present a payment card at grocery stores . Some of those transactions were being prevented Saturday in unspecified parts of the country . The program is administered by the Department of Agriculture . The department 's public affairs staff has been furloughed and its website was not being updated Saturday because of the partial government shutdown . A phone call to the office of the department 's communication director was not answered . Officials in several states said the computer problem was unrelated to the government shutdown . CNN affiliate KJRH-TV in Tulsa , Oklahoma , quoted Wasmer as saying the shutdown happened during a test of the company 's backup systems . She said the glitch also affected payments through the Women Infants and Children , or WIC , program . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	No apparent link to shutdown , but USDA is unavailable to provide information Problem began during testing of backup systems System shutdown began Saturday morning , contractor Xerox said
CNN  As the world now knows , the star of the Super Bowl was not Tom Brady or Russell Wilson . It was n't Katy Perry or Missy Elliot . It was the Left Shark . His onstage dance during the halftime show has earned him global acclaim and , I must say , some unfair scrutiny for his seeming missteps . But neither the general public nor the media seem to appreciate just how much work goes into an interpretive , character-based dance such as the one Left Shark performed last night , and how easy it is , if you are committed to your craft , to lose yourself in the moment . Allow me to enlighten you . As a former ballerina , classically trained at the School of the Boston Ballet , I can assure you that Left Shark -- if he is the student of dance I suspect him to be -- trained for months to get inside the head of his character . Literally . Who is Left Shark ? he probably asked himself . And why must he dance ? What is his relationship to Right Shark ? Are they lovers ? Enemies ? Do they share custody of a boy shark who 's starting to ask questions about his parents ' separation , for example ? This is what true dancers -- or danseurs -- do . As Patrick Swayze 's character said in "  Dirty Dancing , " "  The steps are n't enough . Feel the music . " I speak from experience . At 12 I played a mouse in "  The Nutcracker " and for months I studied the abrupt movements , barely discernible to the human eye , of other house mice . What moved them ? What was their raison d'etre ? By the end of my character study I had become that mouse . It took nearly a year for me to drop character afterward . At 13 I played Arabian Coffee in "  The Nutcracker . " Believe me , getting inside the head of an exotic hot beverage would test even Lee Strasberg 's imagination . I decided to play it complex : caffeinated but also seductive . I wrote in a storyline about an elephant and a prince that only I knew about , but I assure you , it deeply enriched the character . But by far the most challenging role I was ever tasked with undertaking was that of a sylph -- or an "  invisible being of the air " -- in a ballet called "  Les Sylphides . " The ballet is non-narrative ; there is no plot . My character 's motivation was therefore mine to create . I imagined her a malnourished Ukrainian runaway who came to America and discovered the simple pleasures of Capri Sun and "  The Simpsons . " She would return to her homeland one day , but not before she got her bachelor 's degree and some much-needed dental work . Externally , she was sweet and vulnerable , but inside she was tough as nails . The part was only four measures long , but I made the most of it . The point is , no detail is too small or insignificant . And this likely explains why , to the untrained eye , it seems like Left Shark was off his mark or forgot the choreography . He was n't drunk . He was n't overwhelmed by the lights and the crowd and the music . Nor -- as some have claimed -- was he unable to see out of the costume . This would n't stop an artiste . I submit that Left Shark was so engrossed in his character that he felt moved to improvise in the moment . Maybe he envisioned a shifting tide or prey in the distance . Maybe he sniffed a shipwreck or sensed danger lurking behind the palm tree . Perhaps Beach Ball had given him the stink eye . Whatever it was , I 'm sure it was intentional . I can recognize a method dancer when I see one . So , leave Left Shark alone . He is soulful and artistic , and I for one look forward to seeing him stretch and grow . Sadly , of Right Shark , I can not say the same .	S.E. Cupp : Criticism of Left Shark 's missteps in the Katy Perry Super Bowl halftime are undeserved . Left Shark is an artiste She says as a young interpretive dancer she worked to plumb the motivations of her characters
CNN  -- Google 's 411 service will shut down for good on Friday , but that does n't mean the end of free calls to business numbers . Launched in 2007 , GOOG-411 was a free voice recognition search service for business listings drawn from the Google Local directory . You 'd dial 800-GOOG-411  or 877-GOOG-411  , speak a search request  business name or category  into your phone , and Google would list results in audio . When you selected a result , Google would place the call -- which meant if the number was long-distance , the call would be free to you . According to PhoneNews , some cost-conscious callers would call GOOG-411 to place free calls to business numbers -- using it like a "  friends and family number . " I found this especially useful when calling tech support or customer service numbers -- which often , surprisingly , are n't toll-free . But , even without the Google service , there 's still another way to get around charges for calls to business numbers . Microsoft 's Bing suite of search tools offers a nearly identical service , called Bing 411 . According to this audio demo , it works almost like placing a normal 411 call through your phone company -- only without the hefty charges most phone companies levy for this service . PhoneNews notes it takes 24 hours to update friends-and-family numbers with your phone provider , so this service is useful when you unexpectedly need to call a long-distance business number . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Voice service GOOG-411 shuts down on Thursday The number let users search business and personal directories for free Users also could place free long-distance calls BING-411 is a good alternative , Gahran says
CNN  -- A 6-year-old boy was found dead in the frigid waters of Oregon 's Yaquina Bay after his mother told police she threw him off a bridge Monday evening , authorities said . The body of London McCabe was found in the water about a mile from the Yaquina Bay Bridge about 10:20 p.m. , roughly four hours after his mother called 911 to say she 'd thrown him from the span , Newport police said . The mother , Jillian Meredith McCabe , 34 , was arrested on charges of aggravated murder , murder and first-degree manslaughter , police said . McCabe , of nearby Seal Rock , called police around 6:30 p.m. Monday "  saying she threw her child over the side , " Newport Police Chief Mark Miranda said . The water of Yaquina Bay is more than 100 feet below the bridge . Chances of survival from a fall that high were "  minimal , " Miranda said . Even if a person survived the fall , the chief said , one could survive the frigid water for only about 20 minutes . Police have not commented on the cause of the boy 's death or a possible motive . McCabe was being held at the Lincoln County jail Tuesday morning with bail set at $ 750,000 . Two boats and a Coast Guard helicopter searched the water for hours before the body was found , Coast Guard spokesman Jonathan Klingenberg told CNN . CNN 's Greg Morrison and Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	NEW : The mother has been arrested on murder , manslaughter charges NEW : Jillian Meredith McCabe , 34 , held with bail set at $ 750,000 The Yaquina Bay Bridge is more than 100 feet above the water Woman told police she threw her son off the bridge , police say
CNN  -- India and England tied one of the most extraordinary matches in World Cup cricket history in Bangalore Sunday . Co-hosts India set England an imposing 339 for victory , but Andrew Strauss ' men came close to pulling off a remarkable triumph with the captain leading from the front with an superb innings of 158 . Two runs were needed off the last ball from Munaf Patel , but Graeme Swann could only heave it for a single to leave England on 338 for eight wickets . "  We 're happy and devastated at the same time but privileged to play in a game like this , " said Strauss after a titanic struggle which ebbed and flowed . Had England been successful , it would have been the biggest successful run chase in World Cup history , but while Strauss and Ian Bell  69  combined for a third wicket stand of 170 , England were in command . But Zaheer Khan returned to remove Bell , who was suffering from cramp , and Strauss in successive balls . With Matt Prior going to Zaheer in the next over , India were suddenly favorites until a late flurry from Michael Yardy , Tim Bresnan and Swann . 14 runs were still needed from the last over by Patel , but a six by tailender Ajmal Shahzad lifted England . Patel , who took two wickets 70 , found himself at the heart of the action , having earlier dismissed England opener Kevin Pietersen in unusual fashion . Pietersen had looked impressive in making 31 in an opening stand of 68 with Strauss and thumped back a Patel delivery , which looked headed for the boundary . But the medium pacer , taking evasive action , threw out a hand and succeeded in knocking the ball into the air to fall into his grasp for a remarkable caught and bowled . Pietersen was stunned , but with the exception of the dismissal of Jonathan Trott for 16 , India had little to applaud until Zaheer 's late wickets insured a thrilling climax . Earlier , Sachin Tendulkar set yet another record in his glittering career as became the first man to make five centuries in World Cup competition , moving ahead of compatriot Sourav Ganguly and Australian pair Mark Waugh and Ricky Ponting . It was his 47th hundred in one-day internationals , added to his 51 in Tests . He faced 115 balls and hit 10 fours and five sixes in his 120 to delight the packed M. Chinnaswamy Stadium . He also shared a second-wicket stand of 134 with Gautam Gambhir  51  while Yuvraj Singh smashed a quickfire 58 . James Anderson eventually dismissed Tendulkar with Yardy taking the catch , but England 's premier paceman had an afternoon to forget as he finished with one wicket for 91 in his 10 overs , the worst World Cup performance by an England bowler . But Bresnan , who removed the dangerous Virender Sehwag to end his opening stand of 46 with Tendulkar , took a string of late wickets to end with five wickets for 48 . That put a brake on the Indian batsmen , who had threatened to amass in excess of 350 and take the game out of England 's reach . The build-up to Sunday 's game had been marred by violence as fans , desperate for wickets , came into conflict with local police . The game had originally been scheduled for Eden Gardens in Calcutta , but it failed a ground safety inspection . The ground in Bangalore had a capacity of 38,000 and tickets could have been sold many times over . "  What is unfortunate is that too few tickets go to the public as a general sale , " International Cricket Council  ICC  chief executive Haroon Lorgat told AFP . The tie leaves India ahead of England on run rate in Group B with the top four teams going through to the quarterfinal knockout stage . Holders Australia currently top Group A.	England and India tie in their World Cup Group B match in Bangalore England make 338-8 after India had been bowled out for 338 in their 50 overs Captain Andrew Strauss makes 158 in England 's run chase India 's Sachin Tendulkar earlier scores his fifth World Cup ton - a new record
CNN  -- The trainer at the center of a major horse doping scandal has been charged with multiple breaches of the rules by the British Horseracing Authority . Employed by the ruler of Dubai 's prestigious Godolphin operation -- Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum -- trainer Mahmood Al Zarooni has been summoned to attend a disciplinary hearing in central London on Thursday . Testers from the BHA found anabolic steroids -- ethylestranol and stanozolol -- in 11 samples taken from 45 horses from Godolphin 's Newmarket stable in eastern England . Sheikh Mohammed said he was "  locking down " the stables with immediate effect and ordering an internal review . Anabolic steroids work on horses as they do on humans -- helping to build strength and muscle . Al Zarooni , who has admitted using the banned substances in error , faces charges relating to the use of prohibited substances , keeping medication records and conduct "  prejudicial to horse racing " . In addition to the 11 horses that tested positive on April 9 , Al Zarooni in co-operating with the investigating officers also admitted that he had given steroids to four more horses . That quartet were not subjected to testing . "  As these additional horses were not tested and no positive samples exist , no charges are brought in relation to them  prohibited substances  and as such the trainer remains facing the original 11 counts of this charge at this stage , " said the BHA . "  However , it is appropriate to charge the trainer with breaches of the rules related to medication records and conduct prejudicial to horse racing related to these horses , and therefore the trainer now faces 15 counts of these charges . Earlier this week Al Zarooni said , in a statement by Godolphin , that he had a made a "  catastrophic error . " He added : "  I deeply regret what has happened because the horses involved were not racing at the time , I did not realize that what I was doing was in breach of the rules of racing . "  I can only apologize for the damage this will cause to Godolphin and to racing generally . " Godolphin is one of the world 's most successful stables , with more than 2,000 race wins since it was formed in 1992 . It has been named Champion British Owner eight times , including last year , while Dubai ruler Sheikh Mohammed and his family have also taken the title on multiple occasions going back to the 1980s . Meanwhile Sheikh Mohammed pledged to "  lock down " Goldophin 's Moulton Paddocks stables and test every horse at its Newmarket operation . "  I was appalled and angered to learn that one of our stables in Newmarket has violated Godolphin 's ethical standards and the rules of British racing , " he said . Stable lockdown "  I have been involved in British horse racing for 30 years and have deep respect for its traditions and rules . There can be no excuse for any deliberate violation . "  Godolphin is fully cooperating with the British Horseracing Authority to get to the bottom of this matter and take any appropriate disciplinary action . "  I have ordered the Godolphin management to undertake an immediate review of our internal procedures and controls to ensure to prevent any reoccurrence of this type of activity in any stables of mine . "  We will be locking down the Moulton Paddocks stables with immediate effect , and I have instructed that I want a full round of blood samples , and dope testing done on every single horse on that premises . "  I can assure the racing public that no horse will run from that yard this season until I have been absolutely assured by my team that the entire yard is completely clean . " Zarooni joined Godolphin in March 2010 and won the St. Leger , one of Britain 's five classics , in his first season . But the sanctions now facing the 37-year-old at the disciplinary hearing include substantial fines , the withdrawal of his training licence or a suspension from the sport . Stanozolol was still legal as recently as 2008 , when Big Brown won the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes in the U.S. after having regular injections . His trainer 's admission , and the subsequent outcry , led to the drug being widely banned . The BHA said there has only been one other case of anabolic steroids being found in a tested horse in recent years , which was when British trainer Howard Johnson allowed horses to run under the substances in 2008 and 2009 . The use of anabolic steroids is now prohibited at all times for any horse registered as "  in training " under the care of a trainer licensed by the BHA . However , it is still legal for out-of-competition use in Australia , such as helping to overcome injuries . The BHA carries out testing during race meetings and while horses are in training . In 2012 , the organization tested 7,182 samples from a total of 90,174 runners -- 14 of which returned positive results . The BHA conducted between 600-700 tests in 2012 while horses were in training .	Godolphin trainer Mahmood Al Zarooni charged with multiple breaches of horse racing rules He will face a British Horseracing Authority hearing in London on Thursday Evidence from Al Zarooni revealed 15 horses were given anabolic steroids Al Zarooni could be sanctioned with hefty fines and a possible ban from the sport
This year is the centennial of the First World War . One-hundred years ago this month , in April 1914 , no one thought there would be a war . But war began , triggered by events in Eastern Europe , by the end of July . It came as an enormous shock , in retrospect almost like the Titanic hitting an iceberg . In the end , it shattered Europe , cost tens of millions of lives , bankrupted countries and changed forever those who survived the horrors . A century later , our focus is again on Eastern Europe , the site of a regional conflict that threatens to entangle the world 's leading powers . The situation in Ukraine is a perilous one , much more so than our current debate acknowledges . In Russia , we are dealing with the largest country in the world geographically , a country that possesses thousands of nuclear weapons , plenty of ballistic missiles and a ruthlessly determined leader motivated by nationalism and an imperial drive : a leader who also has an entrenched machine capable of keeping him in power for a long time . In Ukraine , we are dealing with an ally that fought alongside us in Iraq and Afghanistan , and a nation now threatened with conquest by a much stronger neighbor against which it can not defend itself . In Europe , we are dealing with a continent that for more than half a century has relied on the United States to guarantee peace , security and freedom . We have kept that promise through NATO , the alliance that war in Eastern Europe threatens seriously to undermine . And in the United States , we are dealing with a nation weary of war after more than a decade spent in Iraq and Afghanistan , and a public wary of more armed intervention abroad . We need a national debate on what our policy is going to be . And then we need to engage our friends in Europe on what our policy is going to be . As retired former NATO Commander Gen. Wesley Clark and his colleague Dr. Phillip Karber , a former Defense Department official , detail in their recent report from Ukraine , the Obama Pentagon has adopted a position of not helping that country with any offensive weapons . Offensive weapons including , for example , Kevlar vests , night vision equipment and aviation fuel . So while the United States has sent thousands of meals ready to eat  Army rations  to a country that is an agricultural exporter , the administration has refused to send even nonlethal equipment that would help Ukraine defend itself and possibly avert war . Instead of sending military supplies to Ukraine , we hear talk of more sanctions . And yet , as I discuss in my podcast this week , I suspect it will be apparent very quickly that sanctions against Russian President Vladimir Putin are going to be irrelevant . He is a very tough man . He heads a very big country with immense natural resources . He can cause pain fully as much as his neighbors can cause him pain . He can block American shipments to Afghanistan from coming through Russia by the northern route . He can cut off natural gas flow to Western Europe . He has a veto at the U.N. Security Council , and can obstruct further sanctions against Iran . This is a very difficult situation , and we are now in two enormous dangers . First , of the Obama administration doing too little , in which case the world will become less safe as we show weakness to our allies and the Russians seek to reconstitute the Soviet empire . And second , of doing things too clumsily , in which case , as one-hundred years ago , a bad combination of miscalculations , delusions , laws and alliances could land us in a war no one intends .	Newt Gingrich : A century ago , no one expected events in Eastern Europe to trigger war He says the Ukraine crisis requires careful thinking about correct U.S. policy Gingrich says too timid policy could invite Russian expansionism He says sanctions are unlikely to work , and clumsy tactics could backfire
CNN  Samuel Eto'o wanted to buy a watch . It was in London that he decided to purchase one particular model , one which cost $ 15,000 . For a former Premier League footballer , a hero in his native Cameroon , and one of the most successful African footballers of all time , the prospect of buying a watch was hardly the most daring of ordeals . So after taking a glance at the watch and getting out his credit card , he says he asked the sales assistant for some help . "  I asked the saleswoman -- who was also black like me -- ` Could you show me that watch please ? ' "  First , I saw her turn and look at her coworkers like , ` Uh , what should I do ? ' "  Eventually , she let me see the watch . I looked at it and said , ` OK , I 'll buy it . ' "  I took out my credit card and when she went to go run it through the machine , she came back and said that it was declined . "  I asked her , ` Was it declined or did you not want it to be accepted ? ' because this has happened to me many times and she told me , ` No , it was declined . ' " Eto'o , who played in London with Chelsea last season , called his brother who was nearby and it was he who brought a new credit card so the transaction could be completed . While Eto'o does speak English , his brother has a far wider vocabulary and was able to ask just what had occurred moments earlier . "  My brother can afford this and the way you 're treating him shows that you think just because he 's black , he ca n't afford this watch , " said the sibling . Eto'o then takes up the story , saying the lady in the store said she was wary of him because "  we had some Nigerians in the store the other day who came with fake credit cards . " "  If one of my own makes a mistake , they judge us all . Tomorrow , if a white man in Africa makes a mistake , we should judge all white people ? No ! "  The security guard from Senegal kept trying to justify what the lady said and I asked him where he 's from . When he told me , I said , ` Ahh . If I gave you my name , you will recognize who I am ? ' "  He shrugged and I said , ` I 'm Eto'o . ' He went , ` Nooooo ! Just yesterday , my wife and I were talking about you ! Can I take a picture with you and send it to my wife ? ' "  I said , ` Yes , we can take a picture , but you made a mistake because you ca n't judge people by the color of their skin , ' so he told me it was n't because of our color . "  I told the lady , ` In my next interview , I 'm going to tell them about this and I 'll name the store so everyone can know that you treat people differently here , ' added Eto'o referring to the saleswoman . "  She then realized that I could have reported what she had just done , but it was a mistake . It was a mistake of her to categorize . "  I do n't think she 's a racist person , but she stereotyped all black people as ` those people ' . " Eto'o tells this story to demonstrate his belief that racism is not just football 's problem but one that society as a whole must combat . The Cameroon international has played across the world in England , Italy , Spain as well as a spell in Russia with Anzhi Makhachkala . He says he has experienced racism on and off the field , most famously during his time playing for Barcelona . In 2006 , during a game against Real Zaragoza , Eto'o was subjected to "  monkey chants " -- and the forward came close to walking off the pitch . He says it was only because of persuasion by his teammate Fran that he stayed on and helped his side to a 2-0 victory . In 2010 , while playing for Inter Milan at Cagliari , Eto'o was again subjected to racist chanting which caused a three-minute stoppage to the contest . The referee addressed both captains while a message was also broadcast inside the stadium warning supporters the game would be abandoned if the chanting did not stop . Eto'o went on to score the only goal of the game as Inter triumphed 1-0 . "  You have to understand that football is just a reflection of what we have in society , " said Eto'o . "  It 's not that football is here and society is here -- no , it 's a reflection of what goes on in society . "  Football is a great opportunity for certain people , who sometimes think they 're better than you or different than others , to express their views as right ... or as a chance to hurt other people . "  The first time I experienced racism was n't on a football pitch , but the truth is that I never thought that that could happen to me on a football pitch because football is a passion , it 's a feeling that touches millions of people . "  Sometimes , the fact that you 're a footballer makes you think that racism ca n't happen to you because you bring that passion and you express a lot of things . "  When it happened to me , I could n't believe it and in that moment , I decided to walk off the pitch . " Eto'o , now 34 , believes there has been progress within the game in recent years and has decided that it is safe enough for his children to return to stadiums . In 2007 , he said he did not want his kids having to watch him being booed and subjected to racist abuse . "  I said that back then because racist incidents almost seemed to be fashionable , " Eto'o explains . "  When you arrive at a football ground , this is going to happen -- when there 's a black player , this will happen . "  In that moment , I said , ` No , my kids are n't going to go and see that because it will be very difficult to explain . ' "  If you tell a child , go to the right and you 'll get a reward , he 'll always go to the right because he wants the reward . A child comes to see his father play , have fun , make people happy and what does he see ? "  He sees people booing his father for being black , they make monkey noises , they throw bananas at his teammates and all that . "  But we see more and more that authorities are fighting , people are increasingly against what happens in football grounds and in society is getting better . " Eto'o was presented with the European Medal of Tolerance from the European Council on Tolerance and Reconciliation following a ceremony in London earlier this week . For a man who has won three European Champions League titles , his assertion that this particular award is his "  biggest " gives an insight into Eto'o 's mindset in dealing with the scourge of racism . "  It 's the most important , " Eto'o said of the award . "  It 's something that affects us all and to recognize the little work that I 've done , the truth is that I 'm very , very happy because you can win the Champions League , you can win championships , you can score goals , but to represent a fight that affects millions and millions of people ... it 's one of a kind . " Eto'o also defended Russia 's record of dealing with racism , despite FIFA , the sport 's world governing body , expressing its concerns over how the country 's authorities deal with the problem . According to a report published earlier this month by the FARE network , an anti-racism body , and the Sova Center , which conducts research on nationalism and racism , there were more than 200 cases of discriminatory behavior within the Russian game over two seasons . The fans of CSKA Moscow , one of Russia 's most famous clubs have been serial offenders in terms of racism with UEFA , the game 's European governing body , handing out punishments on numerous occasions . Yet , Eto'o , now playing in Italy with Sampdoria , retains fond memories of Russia . The four-time African Player of the Year joined Anzhi in 2011 following a deal which made him the highest paid player in the world on a reported salary of $ 13 million a year . He scored 36 goals in 71 appearances before joining Chelsea in 2013 -- but he rejects any suggestions that Russia is a hotbed for racism ahead of the 2018 World Cup . "  At the World Cup in Russia , you 'll see that there wo n't be incidents like this , " he added . "  I hope there are n't because I 've played there and I had a great time there and I know the efforts that the Russians are making to try to improve certain things that have happened there , and we have to support these efforts . "  Football is beautiful . Football is beautiful because whether you win , draw or lose , you can go and shake your opponent 's hand whether they 're white or black or red or blue . "  This is football . This is where football wins , but when there are incidents like this , it 's shameful , but it does n't mean this will happen in the World Cup just because it 's in Russia . "  I was there and I lived a beautiful experience . "	Samuel Eto'o determined to rid football of racism He says award for fighting racism the "  biggest " of his career Eto'o says he does not expect problems at 2018 World Cup in Russia
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A Los Angeles photographer claims singer and former Playboy model Tila Tequila kidnapped his girlfriend and threatened to kill him a week ago , according to a court filing made public Wednesday . Garry Sun filed an application for a temporary restraining order against Tequila , who stands less than 5 feet and weighs just 90 pounds . "  The story is patently absurd , " said Alan Gutman , Tequila 's lawyer . "  The allegations are delusional and a work of fiction . " Sun , who said he is Tequila 's former boyfriend , accused her of making "  several threats to my girlfriend  21-year-old Shyla Jennings  that if police were in any ways notified of her crimes , that either she or I would be killed . " His application for the restraining order , which was obtained by CNN , alleged that on October 19 , Jennings "  was kidnapped from her home in Houston , Texas , and was flown to Los Angeles . " It does not detail how Tequila was involved in the alleged kidnapping . Tequila "  drove to my home address with four armed men with guns threatening to kill me and threatening my father , " Sun said . Tequila 's lawyer said Sun "  is a former paparazzi who was terminated from his role on Tila 's website and is now desperate to get back at her . " She has two witnesses who "  can confirm that she had nothing to do with any of these ridiculous claims , " Gutman said . "  Mr. Sun 's filing shows that anyone can file anything in a courthouse , " Gutman said . "  He will undoubtedly be held accountable by appropriate authorities for making these false allegations . " Sun has not returned CNN calls for comment . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Anthony Jones has not yet decided whether he will grant the temporary restraining order .	A self-described former boyfriend claims Tila Tequila threatened his life Garry Sun files for a temporary restraining order against the model-singer Sun claims Tequila orchestrated the kidnapping of his current girlfriend The judge has not decided yet on Sun 's restraining order request
Washington  CNN  Is the Democratic party over for Israel ? For years , support for Israel has been one of the few reliably bipartisan issues on Capitol Hill , with members on both sides of the aisle embracing the embattled Middle East country and welcoming its leaders with open arms . But when Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu accepted an invitation from Republican House Speaker John Boehner to address Congress on Tuesday -- when he is expected to sharply criticize White House deal-making with Iran -- he alienated more than the Democrat who sits in the Oval Office . As administration officials have exchanged increasingly hostile volleys with Netanyahu , party stalwarts are warning of a Democratic exodus away from Israel . They caution that the rancor over the speech could accelerate demographic and political trends that suggest support for Israel is becoming a partisan issue , with Republicans strongly pro and Democrats less so . Already 30 House Democrats have said they will boycott the speech . And when two senior Democratic senators invited Netanyahu for a private conversation during his visit to Capitol Hill , he said no .  His office said he also turned down similar requests from Republicans because he did n't want to politicize the visit . Senate leadership on Thursday announced that a bipartisan meeting with the Prime Minister had at last been arranged . But many in the Democratic Party say the damage done in the run-up to the speech will linger long past Tuesday . Former Rep. Henry Waxman , a California Democrat and staunch supporter of Israel who left office this year , said that because Netanyahu 's speech was seen as a rebuke of the President , Democrats feel the need to step up to defend Obama . "  A lot of Democrats feel that they have to stick with their president and not take this kind of bipartisan approach , because they 're now looking at it as something that is a partisan attack , " he said . And one of the Democrats sitting out Netanyahu 's speech , Tennessee Rep. Steve Cohen , said the address could further fuel Israel 's detractors in the United States . "  The Palestinian cause has gained more and more support over the years , " he said . "  I think this has given more reason for people who might 've been in the middle to side with the Palestinians . " A Gallup Poll out this week underscored Cohen 's point . It found that the percentage of Democrats sympathizing with Israelis over Palestinians fell 10 points over the past year , to 48 % , which Gallup pollster Lydia Saad wrote was "  possibly reflecting the tension between Obama and Netanyahu . " Meanwhile , Republican approval of Israel has continued to grow . Eighty-three percent of Republicans supported Israelis over Palestinians in the Gallup survey . That number compensated for the steep drop in support from Democrats so that overall support for Israel among Americans remained steady . The Democratic dip aligns with what many Democrats say is a growing pro-Palestinian streak within the progressive wing of the party , which is calling for U.S. leaders to be tougher on Israel and offer stronger support for Palestinian statehood . Cohen said that trend could influence Democratic lawmakers on Capitol Hill . "  We 've got our opinions , but we respond to our constituents as well , " he said . "  If they get to be less pro-Israel , it makes it more difficult for us to support Israel . " Some expressed concerns that Netanyahu 's speech could also exacerbate demographic trends that suggest younger Americans may not offer as robust support for Israel as older Americans do . Greg Rosenbaum , chairman of the board of the National Jewish Democratic Council , said he 's seen less enthusiastic support among younger voters because , he believes , most of them have never experienced a world in which Israel was endangered and needed the strong backing of the United States . "  My concern about the long-term health of the U.S.-Israel relationship and the rock-solid bipartisanship it needs is that the more that Israel does that calls into question the support of this cohort of younger voters , the less it is going to be able to rely on this reservoir of good will , " he said . Democrats argue that Boehner sought to exploit this growing gap in Democratic support by inviting Netanyahu to rebut the President in his own backyard , without adequately consulting with the White House . Former Democratic Rep. Mel Levine , an outspoken supporter of Israel and critic of Netanyahu 's move , referred to the invite as a ploy by Boehner intended to drive a wedge within the Democratic Party 's backing for Israel . "  Speaker Boehner cooking up a scheme to invite the Prime Minister a few weeks before the election in Israel is very harmful to the U.S.-Israel relationship , and particularly harmful to constituents that have traditionally been very , very loyal to Israel but not sympathetic to the policies of the Israeli government , " he said . The White House cited the proximity to the Israeli election in declining to arrange a Netanyau-Obama meeting during the Prime Minister 's visit to Washington . The eventual GOP aim , skeptics assert , is to coalesce Jewish voters and major Jewish donors behind Republicans . Even those sounding the alarm over the potential politicization of Israel acknowledge that Democratic support for Israel , and Jewish support for the Democratic Party , remains strong . But if current trends continue , the United States could see a significant partisan shift on the issue in the coming decades . American Jews ' support for the Republican party has been growing as the population becomes more Orthodox and as some have become more critical of Obama 's policies in the Middle East . According to a Pew Forum analysis of exit polling data on midterm House elections , 33 % of Jews voted for Republicans in 2014 , up from 12 % in 2006 . And the more observant Jewish voters are , the more Republican they tend to become . A 2013 Pew Forum survey of Jewish Americans found that Orthodox Jews , who are typically younger and have bigger families , lean Republican over Democratic by a 57 % to 36 % margin . That suggests the Jewish population as a whole may become increasingly Republican in the coming decades . Boehner 's office pushed back against the claim of Republican machinations in the Netanyahu invite , with spokesman Michael Steel saying that "  support for the state of Israel in Congress and in America has always been bipartisan , and we hope it always will be . " But the White House has charged that Boehner 's invitation was indeed motivated by partisanship -- as well as Netanyahu 's decision to accept so close to the Israeli vote -- and on that basis has been particularly damaging to U.S.-Israel ties . "  On both sides , there has now been injected a degree of partisanship , which is not only unfortunate , I think it 's destructive of the fabric of the relationship , " National Security Adviser Susan Rice told journalist Charlie Rose on Tuesday . Republicans have argued it 's Democrats who are politicizing the issue by refusing to attend a speech by a visiting head of state , one of the strongest U.S. allies abroad , and pointed to Rice 's comments as further evidence that Democrats are at fault . But even some of Netanyahu 's supporters acknowledge both sides may be to blame for the politicization of the issue . Malcolm Hoenlein , head of the Conference of Presidents of Major Jewish Organizations and a close ally of Netanyahu , said "  mistakes were made on both sides in the process . " He said it was still in dispute whether Boehner mismanaged the invitation , but emphasized that the controversy was past and that the two nations need to move on . Hoenlein echoed concerns of Democrats that politicizing Israel could have grave practical consequences for both nations . "  We do n't want this to ever become in any way partisan . It never has been . It ca n't be now . And all those who try to make it partisan , I think , should be held to account , " he said . Rosenbaum warned that the recent flap is likely to leave lasting damage . He charged that the GOP efforts "  to make Israel a wedge issue " are "  something they appear to be engaging in for short-term political gain but we believe will have a long-term negative impact . "	Benjamin Netanyahu 's visit to Congress threatens U.S. bipartisanship on Israel GOP 's Boehner invited Netanyahu ; 30 House Democrats say they will boycott the speech
CNN  -- A 57-year-old Washington man fishing from a kayak off a Hawaiian island has died after being bitten by a shark , authorities said . The man was identified by Maui police as Patrick Briney of Stevenson , Washington , about 45 miles east of Portland , Oregon . The attack took place Monday morning half a mile off a point near Little Beach in Makena State Recreation Area on the island of Maui , the Department of Land and Natural Resources said . The victim 's companion , who was also on a kayak , told the department that his friend was fishing for baitfish with artificial lures when a shark bit one of his feet , which was dangling over the edge of the boat . Swimmer killed in shark attack at New Zealand beach The man 's companion , who was about 500 yards away when the attack took place , paddled over to him , tied a tourniquet to try to stem severe bleeding and called on a tour boat in the vicinity for help , authorities said . The tour boat brought the man to shore , and he was taken to a hospital . But authorities believe he died of his injuries during the boat journey , said Rod Antone of the Maui County mayor 's office . Shark attack claims Brazilian teen 's life High number of shark incidents "  We offer our condolences to the family of the victim . Our thoughts and prayers are with them , " said William J. Aila Jr. , chairman of the Board of Land and Natural Resources . Authorities say they have closed the waters off Makena State Recreation Area following the attack . Beaches in the area remain open , but the Natural Resources Department said people are advised to stay out of the water . The area will reopen at noon Tuesday if no more sharks are seen in the vicinity , the department said . Shark attacks teen in waist-deep water The attack is the 13th shark incident reported in Hawaii this year , and the eighth on Maui , authorities said . That 's well above the state 's average of four unprovoked shark attacks per year over the past 20 years . The 10 incidents reported in 2012 were unprecedented at the time , the Natural Resources Department said . "  We are not sure why these bites are occurring more frequently than normal , especially around Maui , " Aila said . "  That 's why we are conducting a two-year study of shark behavior around Maui that may give us better insights . " Aila said authorities hope and expect "  that numbers of incidents will return to a more normal range in the near future . " In August , a German tourist died after being bitten by a shark while she was vacationing in Hawaii . 2 men bitten by sharks off Florida coast CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Police identify man as Patrick Briney , 57 , of Stevenson , Washington The man was fishing from a kayak when a shark bit his dangling foot His companion tried to save him This is the 13th shark incident in Hawaii so far this year , authorities say
CNN  -- A cadaver dog searching the home where a missing 11-month-old Missouri girl was reportedly last seen indicated a positive "  hit " for the scent of a body , according to documents released Friday . The information was included in an affidavit , dated Tuesday , police filed to request a search warrant of Lisa Irwin 's Kansas City home . Baby Lisa was reported missing at 4 a.m. October 4 , after Lisa 's father , Jeremy Irwin , came home from work to find the door unlocked , the lights on and a window that had been tampered with . Lisa 's mother , Deborah Bradley , said she last saw Lisa at 6:40 p.m. the night before . "  The cadaver dog indicated a positive ` hit ' for the scent of a deceased human in the area of the floor of Bradley 's bedroom near the bed , " the affidavit read . It also said that interviews with people involved in the case "  revealed conflicting information " and that Bradley told police she did not initially look for her baby behind the house because she "  was afraid of what she might find . " A judge approved the search warrant , which allowed investigators to comb the house and barred the family from returning home . The warrant was executed on Wednesday . Police took clothing , blankets , a toy , rolls of tape and a tape dispenser from the home , documents showed . The attorney for Lisa 's parents said the release of the affidavit Friday was "  unfortunate , " as it could derail the search for the missing girl . Joe Tacopina described his clients as "  very shaken up and they refuse to believe anything except that she is out there and alive . " He said Lisa 's parents are "  terrified , not for themselves , but for the welfare of their daughter . " The attorney also stressed cadaver dogs are just meant to be an investigative tool , and can not be considered a basis for legal action against his clients . The family 's private investigator , Bill Stanton , called the information contained in the affidavit "  interesting . " "  I 'm eager to get the facts  and  I hope it leads to finding baby Lisa , " he said . Earlier in the week , Bradley said in an NBC interview that she was drunk the night the infant disappeared and that she had last seen the baby about four hours earlier than initially reported . Bradley told NBC she is afraid she will be arrested . Police have accused her of killing Lisa , she said , and told her that she failed a lie detector test . "  I was the last one with her , " a tearful Bradley said . "  And from judging on how the questioning went , that 's kind of a fear that I have . And the main fear with that is , if they arrest me , people are going to stop looking for her . And then I 'll never see her again , and I 'll never know what happened . " Asked how much she had been drinking that night , Bradley said , "  enough to be drunk . " But she rejected the notion that she could have harmed her daughter while under the influence of alcohol . "  No , no , no , " she told NBC . "  And if I thought there was a chance , I 'd say it . No . No . I do n't think alcohol changes a person enough to do something like that . " Asked whether he had questions about Bradley , Jeremy Irwin told NBC , "  No . There 's no question to be had there . I know who she is . I know the kind of mother she is . " Irwin said it 's possible someone could have entered the house without Bradley hearing , as the couple 's bedroom is on the opposite corner of the house from Lisa 's room and Bradley sleeps with a fan at high speed . Lisa is described as being 30 inches tall with blue eyes and blonde hair , according to police . She weighs between 26 and 30 pounds and was last seen wearing purple shorts and a purple shirt with white kittens on it . The missing girl has two bottom teeth and a "  beauty mark " on her right outer thigh , police said . At the time of her disappearance , she had a cold with a cough . CNN 's Greg Morrison and Sandra Endo contributed to this report .	NEW : Parents "  refuse to believe anything except that she is ... alive , " attorney says "  Baby Lisa " is said to have been seen last on October 3 Police have searched the Kansas City home where she lives They took clothing , blankets and rolls of tape
CNN  -- Tired of freezing cold temperatures and ready to complain about a few more months of scarves and gloves ? Instead of fighting the brutal winter weather , embrace all the snow and ice with the cozy buffer of a luxurious resort . There 's lots of winter fun to be had , whether it 's skiing , snowboarding , skating , snowball fights or enjoying a hot tub or book by the fireplace while your loved ones frolic in the snow . Here are some spots that are steaming hot during the cool winter weather . Stein Eriksen Lodge , Park City , Utah Park City knows how to make the most of winter , whether it 's skating lessons at Utah Olympic Park or great movies during the Sundance Film Festival . Why not experience it all like a celebrity by staying at a five-star resort with ski-in/ski-out access to Deer Valley Resort ? Stein Eriksen Lodge also offers spa services that can soothe the aches from a day of skiing . Packages may include lift tickets at Deer Valley or a "  kids stay/ski free " promotion . Daily winter room rates start at $ 500 . L'Apogee Courchevel , France Park City 's sister city in France , Courchevel , has just celebrated the opening of the newest five-star addition to the area . L'Apogee Courchevel opened its doors on December 11 in the post-World War II town , which is part of the Les Trois VallÃ © es . The Three Valleys region , one of the largest ski areas in the world , is known for its excellent ski-lift system . The hotel offers ski-in , ski-out access from its location at the foot of the slopes , and there 's a spa and kids club for the family . Daily room rates start at $ 1,198 US for a double room . It includes breakfast and either lunch or dinner , Courchevel airport pickup , WiFi and in-room bar soft drinks . 8 elegant U.S. mansion hotels The Ritz-Carlton , Lake Tahoe , California Combine elegance with the convenience of ski-in/ski-out access to the slopes at the Ritz-Carlton , Lake Tahoe . The resort 's staff will help you with your boots and set up your skis and poles on the slopes . And when you 've had enough skiing , take the intermountain gondola down to the village of Northstar , where the family can glide across the 9,000-square foot ice skating rink . Back at the hotel , sample treatments at the 17,000-square-foot spa or venture out to the outdoor fire pit to meet the hotel 's "  marshmologist " and create your own marshmallow masterpiece . Winter room rates start at $ 399 per night , double occupancy . Little Nell , Aspen , Colorado Little Nell does n't just offer ski-in/ski-out access to Aspen Mountain , heli-skiing , dog sledding and snowmobile trips . It also has a ski concierge on the slopes for its guests , and offerings include boot warming service and sun and lip protection . There 's a spa for the humans and amenities for the pets , including dog beds and dog walking and sitting upon request . And fine dining at the hotel restaurant draws visitors from around the country . Daily winter room rates start at $ 940 . The Alpina Gstaad , Switzerland Hate to get lost in the shuffle at the larger luxury resorts ? That wo n't happen at the Alpina Gstaad , which has only 56 rooms , each with its own private balcony or terrace . Opened in December 2012 , the Alpina is an elegant boutique hotel in a town known for its elegance . For a departure from rich Swiss cuisine , have dinner at MEGU , the hotel 's Japanese restaurant . The hotel also offers treatments at its Six Senses spa and a Cuban cigar room . Daily weekend room rates start at 1,350 Swiss Francs  about US $ 1,480  . That includes breakfast , a 100 Swiss Francs credit per person for food and beverage , parking , service charges , taxes and VAT . 50 states , 50 spots for 2014 The Vale Niseko , Japan After the long flight to Tokyo , a short domestic flight and a two - to three-hour drive from New Chitose Airport outside Sapporo , why not rest in very high style in the penthouse at this exclusive Japanese ski resort ? The resort is literally on the slopes , and the penthouse offers the most spectacular views of hundreds of acres of powder and its own private onsens  Japanese hot springs  . Daily winter penthouse rates start at about $ 2,700 US . Bighorn at Revelstoke , British Columbia , Canada For a true fantasy escape , rent your own private chalet at the base of Revelstoke Mountain Resort in the heart of Canada 's heli-skiing territory , where you 'll have your own heli-pad for the week . You and up to 15 of your favorite people can spend seven nights in this eight-suite chalet , which also includes a ski room to suit up , spa , outdoor hot tub , movie room and dedicated chef . Chalet rates start at $ 50,000 Canadian  about $ 46,000 US  per week with most meals and selected drinks  wines , beer , spirits and soft drinks  included . Private heli-skiing must be booked at an additional cost of at least $ 1,600  Canadian  per person per day .	A relative newcomer to Gstaad offers a Cuban cigar room An Aspen hotel has ski boot warming and dog sitting services The Ritz-Carlton , Lake Tahoe has its own marshmallow expert
CNN  A British boy whose parents were once arrested for pulling him out of a hospital now appears to be free of cancer , a family spokesman said Monday . Ashya King , 5 , had proton beam therapy and appears to have had no cancer for months , Jonathan Hartley said . Is proton therapy the ` magic bullet ' for cancer ? The family is in Spain . Ashya 's parents , Brett and Naghmeh King , are afraid to return to the United Kingdom for fear of arrest , though they are in talks to return , Hartley said . Britain 's Crown Prosecution Service said in September that it would not arrest the parents . That announcement came after they were arrested in Spain while authorities decided whether to charge them and extradite them to Britain . The Kings had serious concerns about the medical treatment that Ashya was receiving at University Hospital Southampton . So they defied doctors ' orders and took him out . Dr. Hernan Cortes Funes , who 's overseeing Ashya 's treatment , agrees with the assessment that Ashya is cancer-free , he told CNN on Monday . Still , there is a high chance of recurrence , he said . Funes gave CNN details : In August , Ashya had surgery in Britain to remove the tumor . The kind of tumor Ashya had is very aggressive and can often relapse in the brain or the spinal cord . The standard treatment is radiotherapy in the brain and spinal cord , which can cause serious side effects or even death . Ashya 's parents wanted to instead do a new proton therapy , which is conducted by only a few sites in Europe . One is in the Czech Republic . Since Ashya was born in Marbella , southern Spain , his family contacted a hospital there and then took Ashya to have proton therapy in Prague in September . The next month , the boy began rehabilitation in Marbella . Initially after the proton therapy , Ashya was mute and had no movement . But after three months of intensive treatment , he can walk generally unaided . He has also been swimming and playing with toys , Funes said . His family comes to see him every day . Ashya has difficulty speaking but continues to improve . He can say a few words , and he can give simple answers when asked questions such as whether he is hungry . Medical officials in Madrid will make a molecular profile of the tumor that was removed to help identify the risk of relapse . Doctors have requested a sample from Southampton . The surgery conducted in Southampton was excellent , Funes said .	Ashya King , 5 , had proton beam therapy , Jonathan Hartley says The British boy appears to have had no cancer for months , he says The parents were arrested in Spain while authorities decided whether to charge them and extradite them to Britain
Diving 27 meters underwater , the light turns a deep , hazy blue . Emerging from the darkness , three ballerinas in white tutus stretch their legs on the deck of a sunken military ship . It 's not a ghostly apparition but one of a series of haunting photographs displayed in the only underwater gallery of its kind in the world . The 12 sumptuous images of everyday scenes -- from a housewife hanging out washing to a teenager watching TV -- take place against the eerie backdrop of sunken ship USNS General Hoyt S.Vandenberg . The 10,000 ton ship -- located off the coast of Florida -- functions as both the backdrop in these evocative photographs and , for a time , the gallery wall on which they 're hung . "  Divers must have been checking their oxygen levels to make sure they were n't seeing things , " said Jed Dodd , executive director of The Studios of Key West , which showed the Vandenberg Project exhibition . "  Diving is already a dreamlike experience and I think these images really correspond with what people imagine an underwater world might look like . " Viennese artist Andreas Franke , who worked as an advertising photographer for more than 20 years , took the powerful images while on a diving exhibition last year . Sunk just off Key West , an island in the Straits of Florida , in 2009 , the Vandenberg is the second-largest artificial reef in the world , attracting a diverse range of marine animals and plant life . But before her most recent reincarnation as a divers ' paradise , the historic vessel cruised the waves as a U.S. transport ship during World War II . It was this rich history that gave Franke the inspiration for his unique World War II era scenes . The 45-year-old artist used specialist underwater cameras to capture the ship , before heading back to the studio to photograph models in 1940s and 1950s costumes . The retro scenes were then superimposed over the top of the Vandenberg , creating an eerie underwater world frozen in time . "  It 's like bringing the Vandenberg back to life , " Franke said . "  It 's a huge empty ship with fish swimming around -- at 27 meters below the surface , the sunlight is this beautiful blue green color . I shot the models in the studio with the same lens , so the images matched . " Around 10,000 divers visited the underwater exhibition and now , after four months sitting on the ocean floor , the unique pictures have come up for air , displayed in their first exhibition on land . Despite being protected between two sheets of plexiglass and sealed with silicon in a steel frame , the images were not left completely untouched by the ravishes of the ocean . The all-pervasive sea water still left its mark , seeping into the frames and discoloring them with salt stains and algae . "  When we brought the photographs to the surface we found all this growth on them -- it 's a third dimension on top , " Franke said . "  The sea life had created new images . It 's very cool , they almost look like Polaroids . " The remarkable pictures , worth up to $ 30,000 , had crossed the realm from photographs to performance art , said Dodd . "  The extra layer of growth tells the story of their voyage to the bottom of the seabed , " he added . "  When they were first brought into the gallery and unpacked , this intense smell went through the building like a windstorm . They feel like living objects . " While the Vandenberg photographs attract art lovers on land , Franke 's latest underwater project is bewitching divers again -- this time off the coast of Barbados . Displayed on the sunken SS Stavronikita , the 12 new images depict Renaissance aristocracy gallivanting in a palatial underwater setting . Much like the Vandenberg , Franke superimposed the baroque scenes on top of the former 1950s Greek freighter , where they are now displayed . "  The shipwreck has been down there 35 years so there 's this wonderful , overwhelming growth and coral , " Franke said . "  If you look at the elaborate hairstyles of the models it fits pretty well with this surrounding . " They may appear pristine now , but if the Vandenberg is anything to go by , the lavish ladies of the Stavronikita may not be so picture perfect when they finally come up for air . Get the latest news from CNN.com	World 's only underwater photo gallery on sunken ship attracts 10,000 divers Haunting images aboard sunken WW2 vessel , The Vandenberg Mother nature leaves mark on images , now displayed in gallery on land Viennese artist launches new underwater photography project in Barbados
CNN  -- A former Libyan military officer who fought against ex-leader Moammar Gadhafi 's troops last year was picked to head the country 's armed forces , a move that comes as tensions flare among rival militias . The interim National Transitional Council chose Youssef Mangoush to be chief of staff of the country 's armed forces Tuesday . Mangoush was a member of Libya 's special forces and had been retired for years . He worked as a field commander in the battles against Gadhafi 's battalions in February . He was arrested in al-Brega in April by Gadhafi forces . Born in Benghazi in 1950 , he enrolled in military school in 1970 and specialized in anti-armor weaponry . He worked in different locations in Libya and fought in Libya 's war in Chad , which ended in the 1980s . Mangoush was also a lecturer and instructor in Libya 's military school . Dirk Vandewalle , an associate professor of government and an expert on Libya at Dartmouth College , said he believes the government was looking for a top military figure who can "  straddle difficulties " and ` bridge the gap " between different groups . "  My hunch is this is a compromise more than anyone else , " he said . Four people died in clashes Tuesday in Libya 's capital between militias from Tripoli and Misrata , officials said . The clashes were over control of a building that previously housed an intelligence center under Gadhafi , said Col. Abdul Monem al-Tunsi , a spokesman for the Interior Ministry . However , former rebels in Tripoli provided different , and conflicting , accounts of what caused the fighting -- meaning the motivations behind it remain unclear . David Schenker , director of the Program on Arab Politics at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , noted reports that Mangoush has ties to Misrata . Militias have a strong presence in Misrata , where fighting raged during last year 's war between Gadhafi forces and rebels . He said Mangoush 's appointment "  suggests or confirms just how bad and how dire the critical situation is regarding the militias . " He said the government is n't making headway on disarming militias and it is covering bases geographically to win over the loyalties of militia members and inspire confidence in the central government . "  His selection is reflective of the government 's attempt to improve the situation , to encourage a process of disarmament , " he said about Mangoush . Eric Wiebelhaus-Brahm , a lecturer in international affairs and political science at Florida State University , sees the choice as "  partially an attempt to reduce fighting between militias . " He says it 's "  significant " that he has links to Misrata . "  One could read that as being a sign to appease some of the militias that are from the area , " Wiebelhaus-Brahm said . "  There is probably a calculation going on that he might be better able to bring some militias into the fold of a national army and reduce the factional fighting going on right now . " It 's not the first time rival militias have clashed since the war ended , a possible reflection of mutual distrust that could pose a challenge to the nation 's new leadership . In November , dozens of fighters clashed at a Tripoli hospital in what residents said was the biggest armed confrontation in the city since the country was declared liberated . While there were no deaths from gunshots , medical staff said three patients at the hospital died of stress-related causes linked to the fighting . In December , government officials met to discuss the infighting . Residents of many Libyan cities , especially Tripoli , are increasingly frustrated , with their streets awash with weapons and armed men who do not answer to a central command . Former fighters complained to CNN about a lack of jobs and support from the National Transitional Council . Interim government officials have said they will help freedom fighters and incorporate them into the security forces . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	Youssef Mangoush had been in the military under Moammar Gadhafi There have been deadly clashes among militias One analyst says the government wants to win over loyalties of militia members
