CNN  -- For many fliers Sunday , it was holiday travel woes , round two . As of 6:30 p.m. ET , more than 3,000 U.S. flights were delayed and more than 190 were canceled , according to FlightAware.com . The line for security screening at Chicago Midway International Airport on Sunday morning was so long that reporter Denise Whitaker of CNN affiliate KOMO measured it : 1.2 miles . Traveler Sarah Crowder called it the worst she 's seen , prompting the Chicago Tribune 's Brian Cassella to call on the Transportation Security Administration to "  do better . " Sunday is one of the busiest travel days of the year , as millions of people return home after the Thanksgiving holiday . "  This happens sometimes , " Chicago Aviation Department spokeswoman Karen Pride said , according to CNN affiliate WLS . "  There was a period of time earlier this morning , between 6 a.m. and 8 a.m. , that lines were long because that is when most people are traveling for the holiday period . " On Wednesday , the weather was widely blamed , as snow snarled traffic for parts of the country . But conditions were much better Sunday in many areas , with "  warmer and more tranquil conditions " in parts of the country including the East Coast , CNN meteorologist Todd Borek said . The temperatures were in the upper 40s in Chicago . While a lot of attention goes to the airports -- where the interconnected flight travel system can have a domino effect -- the vast majority of Thanksgiving travelers hit the road . Ninety percent of travelers were expected to go by road , AAA said , helped by the lowest gas prices in five years . In all , more than 46 million people were expected to travel 50 miles or more for Thanksgiving , marking the highest volume since 2007 . 10 tips for Thanksgiving travel "  The average distance traveled this Thanksgiving will be 549 miles roundtrip and Americans will spend an average of $ 573 during the holiday weekend , " AAA predicted . How 's your holiday travel going ? Join the conversation on Facebook .	NEW : More than 3,000 flights delayed and almost 200 canceled Reporter measures line more than a mile long at Midway airport About 46 million people were expected to travel for Thanksgiving , AAA says 90 % of travelers were expected to go by road
CNN  -- Tens of thousands of Indian couples tied the knot Sunday , one of the luckiest days in the Hindu calendar . "  There are 50,000 weddings happening today " in Mumbai alone , said wedding planner Jarret D'Abreo of Marry Me . Marry Me is working only one , but is consulting on seven others , Marry Me 's Candice Pereira told CNN . "  It is impossible to find wedding vendors or venues at short notice for a highly auspicious date . The wedding that we are working on has been booked eight months in advance , " explained Pereira , the company 's creative head and co-founder . "  We have had a lot of couples seek our help to secure venues and other vendors at the last moment . "  Also , most other vendors that we work with have in excess of five functions today due to it being a highly auspicious date , " she said . There are only a few lucky dates per year in the Hindu calendar . Sunday 's is called Akshaya Tritiya . "  All the stars are aligned during this day . Whatever offerings and work you do on this day will go right . It 's one day of the year which will bring immense good luck , " Indian astrologer R.K. Sharma said . On Akshaya , "  none of the bad karma or defects in your birth chart matter . It 's a very good day to make a new start to life , " he said . The exact date of the festival is based on the alignment of the moon , the stars and the planets . It marks the date "  the Hindu god Lord Parasurama  an incarnation of Lord Vishnu  came to earth in the form of a human being , " the astrologer said , invoking a Hindu concept that has been widely appropriated in the Internet age -- the avatar . In Hinduism , the word refers to the earthly incarnation of a god . "  Whatever is celebrated during this day -- be it purchasing a car or a house or gold or even getting married -- brings good luck and that effect is multiplied . It 's the most auspicious day of the year , " Sharma told CNN by phone . The festival is driving up sales in India 's jewelry shops , one merchant said . Vummidi Bagaru Jewellers had about twice as much daily trade as usual , and could reach three times as much , partner Jiphendra Vummidi told CNN by phone from Chennai . People made plans in advance to make their purchases on Akshaya , he said . "  They 're purchases they wanted to get for a wedding or an occasion -- jewelry predominantly , but bullion coins are also being bought , " he said . "  It 's a day when you could do anything good and it 's supposed to help you do that good through the year , " he said of Akshaya . "  It used to be that people used to feed people on that day . Now with the economic boom , people have more money and they prefer to buy gold as security in a crisis , " he said . "  They feel that if they buy gold today , they will have the capacity to buy gold this year . " Gold is hovering around record prices . Vummidi said that was part of a supply-and-demand effect on sales and prices around Akshaya . "  They are not buying as much as I think they would have bought if the price was stable , " he said . "  Most people in the  gold  trade know about this day and feel that prices could be up for this day and then they could fall . " Big stores ran full-page advertisements in newspapers , inviting customers to go on a buying spree on the lucky date . One newspaper ad even offered Hindu hymns as ring tones on mobile phones . But this is no free service . At the bottom of the ad , cell-phone companies listed prices for ordering holy downloads . CNN producer Harmeet Shah Singh in New Delhi said he got unsolicited text messages on his phone from businesses and advertisers ahead of the festival . One sample read : "  This Akshaya Tritya bring home prosperity ! Book your apt  apartment  ... " . The message included a chance to win a gold coin on a booking of a home worth at least 1.6 million rupees  $ 34,000  . There are about a billion Hindus in the world , experts estimate , making it the third largest religion after Christianity and Islam . CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Akshaya Tritiya is one of only a few lucky dates per year in the Hindu calendar The exact date of the festival is based on the alignment of the moon , the stars and the planets The festival is driving up sales in India 's jewelry shops , one merchant says
CNN  -- Chris Pirillo is many things : a self-proclaimed geek , a blogger , an entrepreneur -- and according to him , an average gamer . The 38-year-old founder of blogging network Lockergnome loves the casual game . The pick-it-up , put-it-down , stress-free app . Pirillo has played his share of games like "  Cube Runner " and "  A Monster Ate My Homework . " He even jumped on the "  Words with Friends " bandwagon , but found the Scrabble-like game to be a little too much work . "  The problem with games is they 're usually so overly complex . If I ca n't figure it out within a minute , I move on , " said the Seattle resident , who is an occasional CNN.com contributor . "  And you know , there are lot more people like me than people who would take a lot of time to get into a game . " Then came "  Draw Something . " Pirillo came across the game -- a digital variation on Pictionary , with a dash of Hangman -- recently while browsing the latest apps on his iPad . He downloaded it , connected to Facebook and started playing . He was instantly hooked . Now Pirillo easily blows through a couple of hours a night playing the game . "  What draws people is the drawing , " Pirillo said with a laugh . "  Everyone likes to doodle . Who does n't like to doodle ? It 's fun , it 's easy , it does n't take any thinking . Not any , but just a little . " The app , created and released by gaming developer OMGPop , has enjoyed unbelievable success in its short life . It has attracted more than 35 million users in the two months since its release -- a remarkable amount for a game that has no clear-cut winners , losers or "  Angry Birds " - like levels of achievement . "  Draw Something " spent weeks as the No. 1 free app on the iPad and iPhone , and OMGPop was snapped up last month by Zynga , the king of the social-gaming industry , for about $ 200 million . How it works Playing the game is simple once you scan your social-network contacts for someone to play with . The app gives you three choices of things to draw ; you pick a word and then draw it with your finger on the touchscreen , using the basic colors provided in the app . Your friend hopefully deciphers your picture and guesses it correctly , then draws a picture for you in return . The back and forth continues in an addictive cycle . There 's no winner ; instead , players work together to build streaks of correctly guessed drawings . Dan Porter , former CEO of OMGPop turned a vice president of Zynga , said they were inspired to create something that was close to a party game -- targeted at everyone and not too competitive . "  We wanted to be that game that was on the phone of the people who had no other games on their phone , " Porter said . "  We thought it would do well . But we were shocked that it did this well . " The point system complements the easygoing nature of the game . Players have the ability to pick from a list of three words , which range in difficulty . Harder words are worth more virtual coins , which can be cashed in for features or hints within the game . What 's interesting is how these points work . The person drawing gets coins if the other player guesses it correctly . The person guessing is given the same number of coins for guessing it . Pirillo thinks this system is very intelligent . "  It 's not a competition , it 's about collaboration , " he said . "  You owe it to the other person as a player to get what 's in your head . " This may be a factor of why the game is thriving in more than 80 countries , in the hands of people of all ages . Porter thinks Zynga 's support and infrastructure will enable them to make significant improvements to the game -- such as incorporating a chat feature or letting players save their drawings within the app . Currently , players must use the screen-grab function on their phone or tablet to save images of their drawings . A game of leisure Varsha Swamy , a 50-year-old mother of two and the manager of Studio One Eighty Nine in Mumbai , India , was invited to play the game on her iPad by her daughters in the United States . She says the main appeal of "  Draw Something " is that it 's a game of leisure , as opposed to a game like "  Scramble with Friends " where you are working against the clock . "  You 're relaxed , you 're playing it at your own time and pace , you erase it , then you draw it again , " she said with a laugh . Players say being able to draw a word at their own pace , in whatever style they choose , opens new windows of creativity and self-expression . To Swamy , it 's also a window into your partner 's mind . "  When you 're drawing , you 're illustrating what you 're thinking , " she explained . This thought process is visible in full when playing the game , which shows your drawing being created , line by line , as your partner tries to guess what it is . Once a line is off your fingertip and onto the digital canvas , there is no retracting it -- you can erase and start over , although the entire process , including all your mistakes , will be recreated for your partner as well . This is unnerving to a number of people , especially if they feel their artistic skills are not up to par . Swamy admits that she did n't like the game at first because she does n't consider herself to be a great artist . "  I think what inhibits people from maybe playing a lot of this game is their drawing skills , " she said . But that did n't stop her from trying . "  Once I got used to it and figured out all the colors and the thickness of the pen and stuff , I realized I could do a lot of things . " Users agree that , like Pictionary , success at "  Draw Something " is not about artistic talent but about providing the right clues for the other person . "  I think anybody who can draw a face -- not a proper face , but two dots and a nose and a smile , can play , " said Swamy , who has hit a streak of 80 correctly guessed drawings in one of her games . Lost in translation ? Words and celebrities from present-day popular culture -- say , Twitter , or Rihanna -- make the game refreshing for some players . For others , they 're more of a hurdle . Even Pirillo , some years younger than Swamy , said he has trouble guessing words like "  Lil ' Wayne , " the rapper . He also would n't play the word "  Android " for his mother . "  I do n't know if she would have the same cultural language everyone else has , " Pirillo said . The game 's American-centric cultural references also throw some international players off . To Swamy , "  football " does not mean the same thing in Europe or India as it does in America , and the word "  Tebowing " results in a mental blank . Twenty-one-year-old Rodrigo Llorente of Madrid faces similar cultural and lingual battles daily on "  Draw Something . " "  Some of -LSB- the words -RSB- are weird , " the Icade University student said . "  But you can check them in the dictionary . " That does n't discourage Llorente from playing . In fact , he finds it a great learning experience . "  This is helpful for learning more English , which is very good in my opinion , " he said . "  Enjoyment plus knowledge is great . " Zynga 's Porter addressed some of these issues when speaking with CNN . "  I would love to do more stuff that is relevant for an international audience , " he said . "  We are about to put a slew of famous footballers in the game for the Euro Cup , for example . " A new way to connect Meanwhile , "  Draw Something " players continue to share their scribbled masterpieces , their private doodles and their sometimes embarrassing trains of thought . Players say that while you can play with strangers , the game is a unique and intimate way to communicate with parents , significant others and kids . Swamy loves playing with her daughter , and even her daughter 's boyfriend , in the United States . For her , it 's a new way of keeping in touch with loved ones who are far away . Pirillo , who has hit round 79 with his wife , sees "  Draw Something " as a different way of connecting to someone you know so well . "  I am not much of an artist , but I am learning more how to make people laugh in the game , " Porter said . "  I also like to play with my sons Miles and Joshua , as it gives me a window into how they think . " Porter saves and cherishes many of their drawings .	"  Draw Something , " a hit mobile game , lets players take turns drawing , guessing objects It 's been the No. 1 free app on the iPad , iPhone and has attracted 35 million users Player on the game 's appeal : "  It 's not a competition , it 's about collaboration "
You 're settling into your tiny coach seat on your next business trip , and the person next to you starts coughing . In the past , you might have grumbled about him flying with a cold . But now travelers may want to know : Does your seatmate have Ebola ? Probably not . But given the news of the past week , it 's hard not to worry . Affected passengers may not show symptoms for up to 21 days , said CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Sanjay Gupta . Case in point : Thomas Eric Duncan , the first Ebola patient diagnosed in the U.S. , was screened for the virus before departing Liberia for the United States on September 19 , but he did n't show symptoms until he had been in Dallas for a few days . People who came into contact with him in the United States are being tracked down for monitoring . How can air travelers stay calm ? Travel blogger Johnny "  Jet " DiScala , reached on Thursday at 35,000 feet flying from Toronto to Honolulu via Los Angeles , takes a few additional steps to keep calm . DiScala , who visits 20 countries and flies about 150,000 miles annually , knows how Ebola is transmitted and is n't concerned about catching it . But he refuses to read stories about the disease to avoid panicking . DiScala also carries surgical masks , which he will wear and offer to travelers "  coughing and sneezing on me . " Several airlines report they are following all U.S. Centers for Disease Controls protocols for keeping people with contagious diseases off their aircrafts . But a handful declined to give specifics about whether they 're now doing anything differently on U.S. domestic flights . Airplanes are given light cleanings between flights , a much heavier daily cleaning and even more on down time , experts tell CNN . This is done to prevent transmission of common diseases , like the flu , via surfaces such as armrests . And it is much tougher to catch Ebola than the flu . How Ebola spreads In one CDC study , the Ebola virus lived in a perfectly controlled environment for up to six days . But the environment at an airport , for example , is not perfectly suited to support viruses . It 's unlikely the virus would spread on an airplane unless a passenger were to come into contact with a sick person 's bodily fluids , said Dr. Marty Cetron , director of CDC 's Division of Global Migration and Quarantine . "  This is not an airborne transmission , " Cetron told CNN . "  There needs to be direct contact frequently with body fluids or blood . " Your Ebola questions answered Guidance for travelers It 's no surprise that the U.S. government recommends that travelers avoid areas experiencing outbreaks and avoid contact with Ebola patients . Most people who have become infected with Ebola lived with or cared for an ill patient , said Stephen Monroe , deputy director of CDC 's National Center for Emerging Zoonotic and Infectious Diseases . "  It 's very unlikely that they would be able to spread the disease to fellow passengers , " he said . Ebola symptoms include fever , intense weakness , muscle pain , headache and sore throat ; followed by vomiting , diarrhea , rash , impaired kidney and liver function , and at advanced stage , both internal and external bleeding , according to the World Health Organization . "  It is highly unlikely that someone suffering such symptoms would feel well enough to travel , " the International Air Transport Association said in a statement . Duncan flew on United Airlines for two legs of his journey , and passengers on those flights are not in danger , said a United spokesperson , noting the CDC advice on symptoms . "  The ill person did not exhibit symptoms of Ebola during the flights from West Africa and CDC does not recommend that people on the same commercial airline flights undergo monitoring , as Ebola is contagious only if the person is experiencing active symptoms , " advised the CDC , in a statement . The CDC is advising people to avoid all non-essential travel to Liberia , Guinea or Sierra Leone . In addition , everyone leaving those three countries has their temperature checked before they 're allowed to board a plane . Complete coverage on Ebola	Ebola-infected air traveler raises concerns for fliers Thomas Eric Duncan is the first reported U.S. case The deadly disease is spread through the transmission of fluids CDC official : It 's unlikely the virus would spread on an airplane
CNN  -- The government of China announced Friday that it plans to increase its defense budget by 12.7 % , according to Xinhua news agency . Li Zhaoxing , a former foreign minister for the Chinese government , made the announcement at the Fourth Session of the 11th National People 's Congress , the news service reported . Li is the spokesman for the session , according to Xinhua . The planned increase in China 's defense budget would mark the second hike in military spending in as many years , according to the government . In 2010 , China increased its defense budget by 7.5 % from the previous year , Li said . In 2011 , China plans to increase defense spending by 67.6 billion yuan to a total of 601 billion yuan , according to Li . The sum is the equivalent of $ 91 billion U.S. , he said . The planned budget increase does not reflect a change in the nation 's military aspirations , Li said . "  The limited military strength of China is solely for safeguarding its national sovereignty and territorial integrity and would not pose a threat to any country , " Li said , according to Xinhua . "  The government has always tried to limit military spending and it has set the defense spending at a reasonable level . " The government plans to use more of its defense budget to improve its armament , training and human resource development as well as raise living standards for China 's armed forces , he said . The government is not under-reporting the amount of money it plans to spend on defense , he said "  There is no such thing as a so-called hidden military expenditure in China . And the budget is subject to auditing from the government and military . " China 's ratio of defense spending to gross domestic product is less than many countries , Li said . That includes the United States , which Li said , is spending $ 725 billion in 2011 , the news service reported .	China announces 12.7 % hike in defense budget , according to Xinhua news agency The draft defense budget is up 67.6 billion yuan from 2010 , report says Defense spending accounts for 6 % of nation 's total budget , report says
Istanbul  CNN  -- Interpol on Tuesday issued a "  red notice " for Iraqi Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi , who is suspected of guiding and financing terrorist attacks in the country . The red notice for al-Hashimi "  represents a regional  and  international alert to all of Interpol 's 190 member countries to seek their help in locating and arresting him , following the issue of a national arrest warrant by Iraq 's Judicial Investigative Authority as part of an investigation in which security forces seized bombing materials and arrested individuals , " the international police organization said in a statement . Al-Hashimi has been living in a Turkish government guest house in Istanbul . In recent months , he has lived in Iraq 's semi-autonomous Kurdistan region but has also traveled to Saudi Arabia and Qatar at the invitation of those governments . Al-Hashimi visits Qatar despite travel ban He said Tuesday he should be presumed innocent . "  Everybody knows that my case is a political case , from beginning to end , and that the charges against me are fabricated , and far from the truth , " al-Hashimi said in a statement . "  It is now well-known that there are many cases in Iraq , that the provisions were based on confessions extracted under duress . " Reached by telephone Tuesday in Istanbul , one of al-Hashimi 's aides , Mehmet Bulovali , told CNN , "  This is a warning , not an arrest warrant . " Iraq 's Shiite , Sunni and Kurdish political leaders have squared off over the December arrest warrant for al-Hashimi , Iraq 's top Sunni political figure . In a January interview with CNN , al-Hashimi accused Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , a Shiite , of pushing the country toward a deep sectarian divide . Al-Hashimi predicts return to sectarian violence In February , Iraq 's top judicial committee accused al-Hashimi 's security detail of carrying out 150 attacks against security forces and civilians from 2005 to 2011 . Al-Hashimi said the nine-judge council was under the control of the Shiite-dominated central government and has denied the charges , calling them "  politically motivated . " Charges against al-Hashimi appear to be based on the purported confessions of three men , identified as the vice president 's security guards . Iraqi state television aired video of the confessions in December , but CNN has not been able to verify the men 's identities independently . A red notice is not an international arrest warrant , but many Interpol member countries consider the alert to be a valid request for provisional arrest , the agency said . Interpol can not demand that any member country arrest the subject of a red notice . The police organization has been criticized in the past for allowing some nations to use such notices to target political opponents . As an official guest of the Turkish government , al-Hashimi has been granted a meeting with Turkey 's prime minister . In recent months , Recep Tayyip Erdogan has engaged in a war of words with al-Maliki . Officials from the Turkish government were not immediately available for comment on whether Turkey would comply with the red notice . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq , Mohammed Jamjoom , Saad Abedine , Hamdi Alkhshali , Ivan Watson and Yesim Comert contributed to this report .	Vice President Tariq Al-Hashimi says charges against him are fabricated al-Hashimi is wanted by Iraqi authorities on terrorism charges Interpol 's "  red notice " to 190 member countries is not an international arrest warrant But many member countries consider the alert to be a valid request for provisional arrest
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  The flag is crude , handmade , but the message is clear -- allegiance to ISIS in Afghanistan . And the timing -- with America withdrawing , the Taliban fractured , young men disillusioned and angry -- could not be worse . A group of fighters in Afghanistan agreed to be filmed by a CNN cameraman parading their ISIS flags in a valley not far to the south of Kabul , the Afghan capital . They are the first images of their kind shot by western media inside Afghanistan . The rise of ISIS is an issue that the Afghan President , Ashraf Ghani , has termed a "  terrible threat . " U.S. officials CNN has spoken to have voiced their concern about the potential for an ISIS presence . One U.S. military officer said the militants currently have limited capability but are trying to recruit disillusioned Taliban in several areas around the country 's east and south . "  There has been some very small numbers of recruitment that has happened , " Colonel J B Vowell , told CNN . "  You have disaffected Taliban who are losing politically and some of the younger , newer fighters are moving to that camp . It does n't mean it 's operationally better . We are concerned about it -- resources , weapons , capabilities .  But  I do n't see an operational effect . " In the valley , the men display their weapons , and practice high kicks . They are a little breathless at altitude , a little clumsy . They are all masked , all in military-style uniforms . Our cameraman described how locals seemed to keep their distance from them . It is often said that rivalry between the nascent ISIS presence and the Taliban , who remain the big guns in Afghanistan , is fierce enough to mean the ISIS fighters could be killed for brandishing the flag . But it is fatigue with the Taliban that appears to have provided fertile ground for their rise . One of them told CNN : "  We established contacts with IS  another acronym for the group  through a friend who is in Helmand  in southern Afghanistan  . "  He called us , saying : ` the IS people have come to Afghanistan -- let 's join them . ' Then we joined them and pledged allegiance to them . " Our cameraman was n't allowed to film the satellite phones they say they use to talk to Iraq and Syria . They said they were religious students and deny any former association with the Taliban . They said that at night they go into nearby villages to try and find yet more recruits . They watch a mixture of online propaganda , old and new , on their smartphones . The fighter went on to explain that they were currently talking to the Taliban to determine whether they would work with or rival them . He added they are currently designating a new leader , after the supposed head of ISIS in Afghanistan , Abdul Rauf Khadim , was reportedly killed in a drone strike earlier in the year . For months , the Afghan government played down the threat of a looming ISIS presence in Afghanistan , yet during his recent trip to Washington , Ghani struck a different tone . "  We are the front line . The terrorists neither recognize boundaries nor require passports to spread their message of hate and discord . From the west , Daesh is already sending advance guards to southern and western Afghanistan to push our vulnerabilities , " he told U.S. Congress in late March , using the pejorative name used to describe the militants by many ISIS opponents in the region . There is some evidence to suggest that ISIS may already be operating in the country . A series of brutal attacks on civilian buses have baffled investigators in the past month . The first was in February , when 30 people from the Hazara ethnic group -- Shia Muslims -- were abducted from a bus near Zabul province in the south of the country . They have yet to return . Another hit three buses traveling in Wardak , central Afghanistan , killing 13 civilians including women and children . Suspicions have fallen on possible nascent ISIS cells as the Taliban have vehemently denied responsibility for the attacks . Khalil Andrabi , the police chief of Wardak told CNN of the bus attack : "  I ca n't hundred percent say that they were IS , but their act was completely similar to what IS is doing in Syria  and  Iraq . " Solid info on ISIS ' whereabouts in the country is hard to come by . CNN spoke to local officials from five regions -- some emphasized the growing threat of the terror group , while others played it down . Zabul : MP Abdul Qader Qalatwal says : "  People have seen foreigners from central Asian countries and Arab countries wearing black clothes and masks and having black flags in the districts of Khak Afghan and in parts of Arghandab . " "  Those foreigners are rich , even carrying U.S. dollars . They have weapons and vehicles . Some of them have even brought their families . " Nangarhar : MP Esmatullah Shinwari says : "  According to some reports , black flags have been seen in Nangarhar 's Haska Mina district -- and a former Taliban local commander , Abdul Khaleq , is now claiming to be ISIS ' representative in that district . " Farah : Senator Haji Gul Ahmad Azimi says : "  According to the reports I have received from local officials in Farah , a number of foreign fighters -- including women -- have been seen in the district of Khak Safid , wearing mostly black clothes , and some -LSB- with -RSB- the Arabic headscarf . They have good vehicles and they are rich -LSB- enough -RSB- to buy food or goods at local shops for twice the normal value . " "  They are said to live in the mountainous areas of the Khak Safid district in abandoned mud houses , and a month ago were rumored to be training in the area . I can not 100 % confirm they are ISIS , however . " Wardak : MP Shir Wali Wardak says : "  I do n't think ISIS fighters from Syria and Iraq have come here to Afghanistan -- but hardcore Taliban members who have understood that the Taliban name is dying have changed the color of their flags from white to black in order to stay alive . I know that some black flags have been seen in Wardak province , raised by ex-Taliban fighters . " Ghazni : Deputy Governor Mohammad Ali Ahmadi says : "  There are ex-Taliban fighters operating under the name of ISIS in Ghazni province at the moment who have changed their flag from white to black . There have been armed clashes between newly-converted ISIS  members  and Taliban fighters ... who should be in control of certain places . " CNN 's Masoud Popalzai contributed to this report .	A group of fighters in Afghanistan is filmed by a CNN cameraman parading ISIS flags U.S. official : ISIS militants have "  no military capability " at present , but are trying to recruit disillusioned Taliban in several areas Rivalry between ISIS and the Taliban in Afghanistan is fierce enough to mean the ISIS fighters could be killed for brandishing the flag
CNN  -- The son of an 81-year-old man who was fatally beaten Sunday after attending his granddaughter 's wedding in Lynchburg , Virginia , said he holds no animosity toward the three teenagers who are being held as suspects . "  I do n't want retribution , I want redemption , " Gregg Baker said about the killing of his father , George Baker . "  I want God to reach out and touch those young men and change their lives , " the younger Baker said in an interview with CNN affiliate WDBJ . George Baker , a retired salesman , had traveled from his home in Tempe , Arizona , to Lynchburg in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains for the wedding , said his son , the father of the bride . "  Several times at the reception , my daughter coaxed him out on the dance floor and I saw them one time hugging and I overheard him tell her how beautiful she looked , how happy he was for she and her husband and  how he  enjoyed the wedding service immensely , " Gregg Baker told HLN 's "  Prime News " Thursday . He added that his father spoke that night with the pastor , telling him , "  If I die tonight , I die a happy man . " After the ceremony , the patriarch was walking down Main Street toward a restaurant where the reception was to be held when he was attacked by the three boys in what they told police was an attempt to impress some girls , Gregg Baker said . The elderly victim was taken to a hospital , where he died Monday morning , police said . Two 16-year-old boys and a 13-year-old boy have been charged in the killing . "  Really , it 's difficult to get your hands around this and try to rationalize this type of behavior , " said Lynchburg Police Capt. Todd Swisher . "  Three individuals brutally assault a defenseless person , and that 's what happened . " Baker family spokesman Andy Hill called the incident "  a wake-up call for everybody out there to really pay attention to your children , let them understand that there are a lot of second - and third-order consequences for acts like this , a lot of people get hurt . " Under Virginia law , the 13-year-old can not be tried as an adult , but the 16-year-olds will be tried as adults , said criminal justice attorney Jennifer Bonjean .	"  I want God to reach out and touch those young men , " son of slain man says "  If I die tonight , I die a happy man , " the victim said hours before his death 3 teenage boys are charged in the killing
CNN  -- More than 160,000 people flocked to the tenth Coachella music festival in April , signaling the start of the annual summer music festival season worldwide . Bestival , on the Isle of Wight , was voted last year 's "  Best Lineup " in the UK . The equivalent of a small city materialized for three days amid the searing heat and palm tree lined fields in east California , featuring performances from Paul McCartney , Leonard Cohen , and TV on the Radio . From silent disco parties at Bonnaroo in Tennessee to all-night raves at Serbia 's Exit festival , our guide prepares music fans worldwide for another year of summer music festivals in the sun . BONNAROO , Tennessee , U.S. June 11-14  $ 235 The word "  bonnaroo " is New Orleans slang for "  the best on the streets , " and the Bonnaroo festival has grown into that name over the past eight years , winning Rolling Stone magazine 's "  Best Festival " award in 2008 . In addition to promoting mainstream and independent rock , hip-hop , and electronic groups , Bonnaroo also features a stand-up comedians ' tent and a "  silent disco " tent -- where everyone gets a pair of headphones that sync up with the music for late night dancing without the noise complaints . Over 80,000 people will head to the festival outside of Nashville to see headliners including Bruce Springsteen , Phish , and Snoop Dogg . GLASTONBURY , Somerset , England June 24-28  $ 255 Glastonbury has been around since dairy farmer Michael Eavis first held a free-two day festival on his farm in 1970 , and it 's long been the festival in England for seeing the biggest and best bands in the world . It also may be the muddiest -- heavy rain in several years , most notably 1997 , turned Glastonbury into a muddy bog . Everyone from Radiohead to Jay-Z has headlined the festival , and with over 700 acts each year , there is something for everybody , and some of the proceeds from the festival go to Oxfam and Greenpeace . This year 's headliners include Franz Ferdinand , Blur , and Bruce Springsteen . ROCK AL PARQUE , Bogota , Colombia June 27-29  free The Rock al Parque festival , launched in 1995 , has become South America 's biggest rockfest in recent years -- some 320,000 people traveled to Simon Bolivar Park in 2006 for a weekend of Colombia 's biggest rock bands and renowned international headliners . Funded by Colombia 's culture secretary , the free festival has included some of rock 's biggest names , including Black Rebel Motorcycle Club , Manu Chao , and Bloc Party . In the days leading up to Rock al Parque , the festival organizers host a series of panel discussions on music production , management , and the recording industry . ROSKILDE , Denmark July 2-5  $ 220 Since 1971 , the rock festival in Roskilde has hosted the biggest names in music , from Bob Marley to Bob Dylan . It is the biggest summer festival in northern Europe , and the "  Arena " stage boasts a 17,000-capacity tent , the largest in Europe . The festival boasts a daily newspaper and a 24-hour live radio station , and is also home to the annual "  Naked Run , " where the first naked person to cross the finish line receives a free ticket for next year 's festival . Some 80,000 will travel to Roskilde to see headliners including Coldplay , Oasis and Nine Inch Nails . EXIT , Novi Sad , Serbia July 9-12  $ 105 Created in 2000 by three university students as a protest against former Serbian president Slobodan Milosevic , the electro-focused festival in the heart of Serbia was named Europe 's best festival in 2007 . Over 200,000 people attended Exit last year , dancing at all night raves in the gorgeous surroundings of Petrovaradin Fortress , an eighteenth century castle near the Danube River . Some of techno 's biggest names will be on hand to celebrate Exit 's 10-year anniversary , including Moby , Kraftwerk , and The Prodigy . THISDAY , Abuja/Lagos , Nigeria Dates tbc The THISDAY festival in Nigeria , launched in 2006 by the editor-in-chief of Thisday newspaper , Nduka Obaigbena , to celebrate the 200th anniversary of the end of slavery , is the biggest music and fashion festival in Africa . According to Obaigbena , the festival is meant to highlight the positive progress being made in Africa , and find sustainable solutions for the continent 's problems . The theme of last year 's festival was "  Africa Rising , " and it showcased some of the world 's biggest artists including Jay-Z , Rihanna , and Usher . Stay tuned for this year 's lineup . FUJI ROCK , Naeba , Japan July 24-26  $ 410 Japan 's biggest outdoor festival takes its name from Mt. Fuji , the site of the first festival in 1997 . Fuji Rock has been set amongst the cool forested mountains of the Naeba ski resort for the past ten years -- gondolas and hilly trails transport people from stage to stage , and the streams and forests between them are the reason why Fuji Rock has been called the most beautiful festival in the world . It 's not just about the scenery , though -- over 100,000 people will trek through the mountains to see headliners Franz Ferdinand , The Killers , and Weezer . LOLLAPALOOZA , Chicago , U.S. August 7-9  $ 190 Rocker Perry Farrell began Lollapalooza in 1991 as a farewell tour for his band , Jane 's Addiction . The biggest grunge rock festival during the nineties disappeared for awhile around the turn of the century , but it was revived in 2005 as a more traditional "  big weekend " destination festival in Chicago . The past few years at Grant Park have been marked by hot summers , huge crowds , and even bigger bands . The anticipated crowd of nearly 200,000 is staggering , as are this year 's headliners : Kings of Leon , Tool , Depeche Mode , and Beastie Boys , just to name a few . BESTIVAL , Isle of Wight , England September 11-13  $ 205 The trendy Bestival , the original boutique weekend festival on the Isle of Wight , is the best way to end the summer festival season in Europe . Bestival boasts a yearly fancy dress competition -- last year was "  30,000 freaks under the sea , " and 2009 is the year of "  Outer Space , " so make sure to dress accordingly . Thousands of Bestival-goers will witness an eclectic lineup including Lily Allen , Massive Attack , and MGMT in the picturesque surroundings of Robin Hill Park . For family fun , look no further than Camp Bestival , a three day family festival at a castle by the sea in July . PARKLIFE , Australia Late September-Early October The Parklife one-day music festivals kick off the summer festival season across Australia . The dance-focused fests have featured heavyweights Justice , MIA , and Muscles over the past two years . The day-long festivals are followed by an official "  After Life " party that runs until the early hours of the morning , so be prepared for a long one if you 're one of the estimated 100,000 people attending a Parklife gig in one of capital cities across Australia at the end of September . WOODSTOCK , Cape Town , South Africa Late Fall 2009 When people think of Woodstock , Cape Town is n't necessarily what comes to mind . But for the past decade , the South African festival has been the biggest youth music event in the country , hosting a variety of both well-known and upcoming mainstream and hip-hop acts -- not to mention a variety of extreme sports stunt acts , paintballing , and flea-market stalls . Woodstock may not have the star power of the legendary American festival -- but with the wide range of music and outdoor activities it presents , its promoters are n't lying when they say that boredom simply is n't an option . SUNBURN , Goa , India December 2009 Sunburn Festival launched in December 2007 as south Asia 's first electronic music festival , and featured heavyweights like Carl Cox and John ' 00 ' Fleming . Located seaside in Goa , on India 's west coast , the festival has its roots in "  Goa Trance , " a type of pulsing , transcendental electro music that became popular in the early 1990s . Sunburn again treated over 5,000 electro revelers to a three-day party by the beach in December 2008 . The festival 's founder has said Sunburn will always be free to attend , and it is not to be missed if you happen to be in India in December .	CNN has put together a list of some of the best music festivals in the world You can dress to kill at England 's Bestival 's fancy dress competition Enjoy the music , comedians and silent disco at Bonnaroo , Tennessee Dance all weekend in the shadows of a 300 year old Serbian castle
Kampala , Uganda  CNN  -- Three days after at least 108 passengers -- most of them Congolese refugees -- died when their overloaded boat capsized on Lake Albert , the Ugandan government wants to find a safe way to send the survivors home . "  To avoid more accidents due  to  violations of safety rules , we are stepping up efforts to ensure orderly repatriation of refugees wishing to return to their countries , " said Hillary Onek , Uganda minister for relief , disaster preparedness and refugees . Officials from the Democratic Republic of Congo and the United Nations refugee agency will meet April 14 to work out details for the refugees ' return , he said . At least 45 people were rescued . Meanwhile , police were continuing Tuesday to scour the waters for more bodies , though there was little expectation that further survivors would be found . Overloaded boats are a common cause of death on Lake Albert and across the lakes of the Albertine Rift region . Ugandan police spokesman Patrick Onyango said Saturday that the refugees had left from the Kyangwali settlement camp in Hoima district . "  They were leaving the camp to get back to their country , and it is the cheapest transport for them , " he said . Over the past decade , rebellions against the Joseph Kabila-led administration had led tens of thousands of people to flee to Uganda , where about half of the nearly 400,000 refugees are Congolese . The capsizing occurred as the boat was returning to DRC after U.N. forces there had dislodged a number of rebel groups from Ituri , an interim province in northeastern DRC . Saturday 's victims were among an increasing number of refugees who , in response to assurances from cultural leaders and humanitarian agencies that they would be safe , have chosen to return , according to officials from Uganda , DRC and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . "  The accident was as a result of one of  those  spontaneous returns , " Onek said . "  It is in response to campaigns , mainly by King Bamukoka Swambili Kamango of the Batalinga tribe in eastern DRC , calling on his subjects to return home because peace had been returned " to their country of origin . The king had said that humanitarian agencies were poised to provide the returnees with settlement help , Onek said . "  In the meantime , we are sensitizing the Congolese refugees about the dangers of escaping from settlements without notifying their host authorities , " he added . Most of the bodies have been claimed by relatives and taken to DRC for burial ; those unclaimed will be buried in marked areas for future claimants , Onek said .	"  We are stepping up efforts to ensure orderly repatriation of refugees , " says Ugandan minister At least 108 people died Saturday when an overloaded boat capsized Most of its passengers were Congolese refugees
CNN  -- It has the world 's tallest unoccupied building , it puts on the world 's biggest annual show and it 's sometimes prone to petulant nuclear threats . But what else do you know about North Korea ? 1 . North Koreans brew great beer North Koreans love a pint and have a thriving beer brewing culture . Taedonggang Beer is one of the best-known local beers . In 2000 the state-run brewery bought up an entire British brewery , shipped it to North Korea and two years later opened for business just outside Pyongyang . Taedonggang Beer is a full-bodied lager and is named after the capital 's Taedong River . 2 . High heels are in Women love their high heels and many wear four-inch heels day and night , to work , to do the shopping , in the military -- we even spotted a woman working on a construction site in a pair . The wedge heel made its appearance in the isolated state four or five years ago -- a trend that made its way across the border from China . Today there are still plenty of wedge heels about , but it 's the thin heel that is Pyongyang 's must-have fashion accessory today . 3 . You can bring your mobile Visitors no longer need to leave their mobiles behind . As of January , you can bring your phone into the country and buy a local SIM card from a booth at the airport . The SIM card allows you to make and receive international calls and call other foreigners in Pyongyang who have mobiles -- you ca n't call locals as they are on a different network . A local SIM card for two weeks goes for â ‚ ¬ 50  $ 66  , but be warned -- calls are expensive  $ 6.60 a minute to call the United States  . North Korea 's Koryolink has more than 2 million subscribers . The local cell phones allow all the functions of a regular mobile -- make calls , listen to music , take photos -- with the exception of access to the Internet . Given the regular power outages , the "  light " function on mobiles gets plenty of use . 4 . People love to sing Most North Koreans can carry a tune and if you ask someone -- politely -- to sing a song they will probably oblige -- on the spot , with no accompaniment . Pop music is big , especially songs with lyrics . The best-known Western group is still the Beatles -- "  Hey Jude " and "  Yellow Submarine " are high on the list -- and Celine Dion and the Carpenters also go down well . No surprise then that most bars have karaoke . The all-girl band Moranbong is the most popular local group . The girls -- who were apparently hand-picked by North Korean Leader Kim Jong-un -- wear skimpy dresses and belt out pop tunes , the North 's answer to K-pop . 5 . Car park volleyball Volleyball is one of the most popular sports and North Koreans often strike up a game in their lunch hour . The games can be fast and fun , men and women often playing together . The lack of a net is no obstacle and many games start up casually in a car park or any open space . Korean wrestling is also very popular . Behind the veil : Rare look at life in North Korea 6 . The Metro is seriously deep The Pyongyang Metro is 100 meters underground and it takes a couple of minutes to ride the escalator down to the station . The journey is long enough that some commuters sit on the steps -- despite the signs asking passengers not to . There are no advertisements on the walls to distract you on the ride down to the station -- just bare white walls .  There are only five advertising billboards in Pyongyang , all owned by the same car dealership  . The underground network has two lines and 17 stations . Inspired by the grand Moscow Metro , many of the stations have ornate chandeliers and paintings and murals on the walls . 7 . Crazy about kimchi Kimchi -- spicy pickled vegetables -- is the national dish and it 's said that every woman makes a different kind of kimchi . The dish is time-consuming to make and the traditional recipe requires women to lovingly swirl and smear hot pepper paste over cabbage leaves for hours . Simon Cockerell of Koryo Tours , which specializes in travel to the reclusive socialist state , says : "  There 's a saying that you must taste a woman 's kimchi before you marry her . " 8 . Single-hearted unity North Koreans seem to have an innate ability to form a line -- not a queue , but dead straight lines . The training begins as young children and by the time they are in their teens a crowd of hundreds can organize themselves into any number of parallel lines , equally spaced , in a minute . Whether it 's factory workers walking down the street , people gathering to lay flowers beneath a statue of the Great Leader , or soldiers jogging , moving in formation , showing "  single-hearted unity " is the order of the day . And it 's catching . Spend a week touring the capital and your guides will make sure you get give plenty of practice forming lines . 9 . You won  ` t  see that The local currency is the won , but foreigners are not allowed to use it . Instead visitors must use hard currency -- U.S. dollars , euros and renminbi . Bizarrely , given the proximity to China , the Renminbi offers the worst exchange rate . Euros get the best rate at present . Pyongyang is n't a shopping destination . North Koreans do most of their shopping in the local markets -- there is a blue-roofed market in most neighborhoods , but foreigners are n't allowed to visit these . Officially , visitors are n't allowed in department stores either , but this is a rule that is given much more flexibility . Visitors tend to be herded into the Foreign Language Bookstore and stamp and souvenir shops where you can stock up on propaganda posters , North Korean stamps and postcards and books by Kim Jong Il  he wrote -- or ghostwrote -- hundreds  . 10 . Kim pins All North Koreans wear a "  Kim pin " on the left breast of whatever they are wearing . The pins show a portrait of Kim Il Sung or his son , Kim Jong Il -- and sometimes both . Surprisingly given that everyone wears one -- from infants to old folks -- there are no shops selling the pins . Instead they are given out sporadically -- on special occasions and to mark significant events -- and there are lots of different styles . The style does n't denote anything , just the period it was given out . There is a story that North Koreans will be punished if they give a Kim pin to a foreigner , but that 's a myth and they are occasionally given to visitors . How to travel to North Korea	North Koreans are enthusiastic beer drinkers North Koreans have a huge crush on heels and kimchi If you are traveling in North Korea , Korean won would be the last currency you can see
CNN  -- "  Faithful unto death . " Those words on the West Point headstone of 1st Lt. Alonzo H. Cushing succinctly enshrine the determination of the man who helped turn the tide at Gettysburg during the Civil War . Despite two severe wounds , Cushing , 22 , stayed at his post and directed artillery fire upon hordes of Confederates charging the center of the Union line at Cemetery Ridge -- a doomed assault known as Pickett 's Charge . A bullet to the head finally felled the young officer . More than 151 years after his stand , Cushing will receive the Medal of Honor posthumously , the White House announced Tuesday . The Medal of Honor is the country 's highest military award , given to American soldiers who display conspicuous "  gallantry above and beyond the call of duty . " The recognition for the West Point graduate marks the longest span of time between the event and the bestowal of the award , said the Congressional Medal of Honor Society . "  He does deserve it without a doubt , " said John Heiser , historian at Gettysburg National Military Park . "  The tragedy is ... that it should have been awarded long , long ago . " The Civil War hero , born in Delafield , Wisconsin , commanded the six-gun Battery A , 4th U.S. Artillery , at the momentous Pennsylvania battle . Cushing 's battery took a pounding from Confederate artillery preceding the attack and he had only two serviceable guns when the charge began on the hot afternoon of July 3 , 1863 . The estimated 13,000 attackers had what is known as "  The Angle " as their objective and some were able to briefly breach the stone wall . Artillery shell fragments left Cushing with injuries to his left shoulder and groin . "  Refusing to evacuate to the rear despite his severe wounds , he directed the operation of his lone field piece continuing to fire in the face of the enemy , " the White House said in a statement . "  With the rebels within 100 yards of his position , Cushing was shot and killed during this heroic stand . His actions made it possible for the Union Army to successfully repulse the Confederate assault . " Heiser said that the battery -- which included 126 officers and enlisted men -- had the misfortune of being in the center of the maelstrom on the third day of the pivotal battle . "  His battery was under fire for an hour and a half , " Heiser said . "  It was left in shambles and destroyed . " Six men were killed and 32 were wounded . Given the status of his wounds and his battery , Cushing had every reason to withdraw , said Heiser . "  He is going to show those Rebels one way or the other that his battery will be in action to the end , " said Heiser . "  It is upholding the highest level of what the Army says is honorable service . " Katie Lawhon , management assistant at Gettysburg , said visitors today can see where Cushing 's battery served . "  The story of his valor and sacrifice at the center of the Union battle line ... is a very inspiring story to a lot of people who study Gettysburg , " said Lawhon . Honor for Cushing is a long time coming Tuesday 's announcement culminates years of lobbying for the honor . Cushing was recommended in 2010 , but Congress did not give formal approval until late last year . Cushing received a waiver of a requirement that the Medal of Honor must be recommended within two years of the event and presented within three years , Laura Jowdy , archivist with the Congressional Medal of Honor Society , said Wednesday . The recommendation then had to go through the Defense Department and to the White House , where President Barack Obama gave his approval . Margaret E. Zerwekh , 94 , of Delafield , has been an integral part of the campaign , writing to Wisconsin congressmen . She 's conducted research , and lives in a house on property formerly owned by the Cushing family . "  He saved the Union and he needs to have recognition for it , " Zerwekh said late Tuesday . "  It is about time . " Heiser said the heroism of Cushing was "  kind of forgotten , shoved to the background . " A first sergeant in the battery years later received the Medal of Honor , while several surviving comrades kept alive Cushing 's bravery . The White House did not release a date for the Cushing ceremony . At a ceremony on September 15 , Obama will bestow the Medal of Honor to two soldiers who fought in Vietnam . Command Sgt. Major Bennie G. Adkins , who lives in Opelika , Alabama , distinguished himself in combat operations in March 1966 during one of three tours in Southeast Asia . He dragged comrades to safety during a mortar barrage and later fought off an attack . Specialist Four Donald P. Sloat , from Coweta , Oklahoma , was killed while on patrol in January 1970 . The 20-year-old machine gunner chose to shield the blast of a grenade with his own body , saving three comrades . Marine who took grenade blast for comrade receives Medal of Honor Medal of Honor recipient says award is for his fallen brothers	NEW : Heroism was forgotten , shoved to background , historian says 1st Lt. Alonzo Cushing commanded a Union artillery battery at Gettysburg He helped rebuff giant Confederate attack known as Pickett 's Charge Despite wounds , he kept firing until he was shot in the head
CNN  -- Huddled on the top floor of her home after waist-deep water inundated the lower story , Doranne Lim is bothered by the debris -- and the smell . Residents remove mud from a home Monday as waters recede in Marikina City , suburban Manila . "  My house is super , super messy , " she said , speaking from her home in the eastern Manila suburb of Pasig City . The mud left behind by receding floodwaters -- caused when the nearby river flooded its banks -- is "  really smelly . " Her car wo n't start , probably because the engine is flooded . Her microwave and refrigerator wo n't function . Most of her possessions have been moved upstairs . Still , as one of the more than 1.8 million affected by recent floods , the 28-year-old Lim is counting her blessings . Her power is back on and she believes she can salvage most of her furniture . In addition , people she knows are still searching for missing friends and relatives in the flooding . Are you there ? Share your story or pictures "  My office mate , she lives in a village with actually really nice houses , " Lim said . "  She was sitting on her roof for 15 hours . They did n't save anything , nothing . " The floodwaters were beginning to subside in some areas Monday after a weekend that saw Manila hit with torrential rainfall caused by Typhoon Ketsana , which has since strengthened into a typhoon . Officials said the Philippine capital saw its heaviest rain in more than four decades . The water swallowed whole houses and buses . At least 240 people are dead , officials say . See incredible images of the flooding " Lim said she is cleaning up the smelly mess , but no one she knows has begun fixing the damage -- because another typhoon could be bearing down on the island nation in several days . Tracking maps show Tropical Storm Nineteen approaching the Philippines later this week . Lim submitted a photo to CNN 's iReport site of people traveling down a flooded road -- a main thoroughfare -- in Pasig City . Some are wading through thigh-deep water ; others are being pulled on rafts . Some opportunists are charging others money to pull them on rafts , she said . At the end of the road is a church and a market , she said . The market is not flooded , but is "  really , really muddy , " she said . "  Most of the vendors in the market said they are going to sleep in the market tonight because they do n't have any place to go . " Manila , on the island of Luzon , and the nearby province of Rizal bore the brunt of the storm . People like Lim 's office mate huddled on rooftops Sunday waiting on army helicopters to pluck them to safety . Others used ropes to wade through waist-deep muddy waters . Watch how people of Manila are coping " Power and water supply failed in some areas . Roads were rendered impassable , making rescue efforts challenging . Rescue crews were handing out food rations . "  Right now the challenge is to find out how many people have actually died and how many people we have to take care of in terms of people who 've been displaced , " said Richard Gordon , the chairman of the Philippines National Red Cross . He estimated up to 300,000 people have been displaced on the island of Luzon alone . Another Pasig City resident , Arturo Fidelino , said 80 percent of his village was flooded . He counts himself lucky that his home was not inundated , but his family had to evacuate and move in with his in-laws because nearby streets were impassable . Fidelino said he and his wife have to get to work , and their 14-year-old daughter has to get to school . Fidelino said his family was stuck in their home for two days , before a relative who owns heavy machinery was able to remove them . "  It 's our first time to experience that kind of flood , " he said , estimating it could take about a month for the waters to completely recede . He said many of his neighbors remain stuck in their homes , as the homeowners ' association organizes a removal effort . Other Pasig City residents were evacuated to temporary shelters set up in a municipal hall or gymnasium , he said . Officials worried that if the rains return , they could bring more floods if reservoirs burst . "  We 're hoping that there will be no more breaching of the dams , " Gordon said . "  That 's one of the things that are very disconcerting to many people right now . " Fidelino said many Filipinos are n't sure if the flooding was caused by the typhoon or by the opening of dams . "  It was so sudden , " he said . "  It was sort of a flash flood . " The floodwaters contained all sorts of animals as well -- snails , snakes , Lim said . Two crocodiles escaped from the zoo , she said -- "  it 's funny , but it 's scary . " "  I 'm happy that I 'm a lot better off than so many other people I see on TV , clinging to electric posts , electric wires , so they wo n't be carried away  by the water  , " she said . "  I have friends who are still missing their siblings , missing their dogs . " Both she and Fidelino said residents have banded together to help one another . Lim said that after her electricity was restored , she got on Facebook , where she saw numerous posts from people seeking missing friends or loved ones . Members of the media and even the government were trying to help on the social networking site , asking them to send more information . Some people are putting together "  relief bags " of food and other items to distribute to those in shelters , while others were bringing canned goods , Lim said . "  Everyone is united right now to help feed everyone , " she said . Others are just trying to feed themselves . John Gonzalez , 11 , has been pushing a trolley through his flooded neighborhood in Manila 's Marietta Romeo village for two days . "  The flood went above the height of a man , " he said . "  Way above our heads . Today , the water just comes to my mouth . That 's why we are out looking for food . " CNN 's Dan Rivers contributed to this report from Manila , Philippines .	Survivors face mud and destruction , but they are thankful for their lives Floods caused by Tropical Storm Ketsana kill at least 240 people More than 80 percent of capital was under water at one point Sunday iReport.com : Are you there ? Send images
CNN  -- Two U.S. Marines died Monday during a "  hostile incident " in southern Afghanistan , the U.S. military said Tuesday . U.S. Marines walk through a field on patrol on July 13 , 2009 , in Mian Poshteh , Afghanistan . No further details were immediately available in their deaths . "  We deeply mourn the loss of these determined service members , who died in combat defending our freedom and the just cause of Afghans , " said Brig. Gen. Eric Tremblay , spokesman for NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . "  This is a moment of great sorrow for these members ' families and friends , and I extend my deepest condolences to them during this difficult time . " The deaths come as almost 4,000 Marines and sailors , along with several hundred Afghan security forces , are working to clear Taliban militants from population centers in the Helmand river valley , in the south of the country . British forces launched a similar offensive in the province in late June . The push , called Operation Khanjar , is targeting militants in Helmand province , a Taliban stronghold and poppy-growing region . The forces are trying to gain and hold ground in the perilous region ahead of national elections this August .	Two U.S. Marines killed during a "  hostile incident " in southern Afghanistan 4,000 Marines , sailors working to clear Taliban militants from Helmand river valley British forces launched a similar offensive in the province in late June Forces are trying to gain ground in the region ahead of national elections in August
CNN  -- A state fair 's response to the uproar over a rodeo clown 's mockery of President Obama is creating an uproar of its own . From now on , the Missouri State Fair wo n't allow any rodeo cowboys or clowns from the state 's association to take part unless they all undergo "  sensitivity training . " And that 's just part of the fallout from the Saturday incident in which a clown wearing an Obama mask held a broom descending from his backside while a voice said , "  Hey , I know I 'm a clown . He 's just running around acting like one . Does n't know he is one . " Mark Ficken , president of the Missouri Rodeo Cowboy Association , has resigned . Rodeo clown Tuffy Gessling has apologized . He told Missouri news outlet digitalburg.com that he was the one whose voice was heard at the event , and that he never meant to offend . "  It was a colleague of mine that was dressed up . I am the rodeo clown making jokes , " he said . Gessling did not immediately return a message Thursday from CNN requesting comment . U.S. Rep. Steve Stockman , a Texas Republican known as a provocateur , has invited the clown -- whose name he did not yet know -- to come perform in his own district . "  Liberals want to bronco bust dissent . But Texans value speech , even if its speech they do n't agree with , " Stockman said . After video of the event caught attention on YouTube , fair officials and politicians -- both Democrats and Republicans -- slammed the portrayal of the president . So did some attendees , such as Perry Bream , who said , "  It was n't clean ; it was n't fun . It was awful ; it was sickening . It was racist . " Sensitivity training : PC overload ? The Missouri State Fair Commission announced it was permanently banning "  this rodeo clown from ever participating " again . It did not name the clown . That behavior , during the Missouri Rodeo Cowboy Association 's Finals Rodeo , was "  unacceptable , " the commission said . Before it will consider contracting with the association again , "  they must provide evidence to the director of the Missouri State Fair that they have proof that all officials and subcontractors of the MRCA have successfully participated in sensitivity training , " the commission wrote in a news release . The conservative news outlet The Blaze called the demand "  political insanity . " A Facebook page supporting Gessling had more than 50,000 likes by Thursday morning . On Twitter , some people argued that being offended by a rodeo clown is "  ridiculous . " But others disagreed . "  The sensitivity is needed by those fair planners who approved this act as representative of all Missourians , " wrote Lisa Robinson . The Missouri Rodeo Cowboy Association issued a brief statement apologizing to those offended by any performances at the rodeo . The Missouri State Fair Commission and the Missouri Rodeo Cowboy Association did not immediately respond Thursday to CNN 's requests for comment . Ex-official fears losing school job Ficken , who stepped down Monday evening as president of the MRCA , has been threatened physically in the wake of the incident , CNN affiliate KDSK reported . He fears he may lose his job as superintendent of the Boonville R-1 School District , which is investigating whether he was involved . "  He 's shaking like a small dog passing razor blades , " Ficken 's lawyer , Albert Watkins , told the station . Ficken announced special guest "  President Obama " at the rodeo . At one point , he said , "  Watch out for that bull , Obama , " but otherwise he was not part of the performance , according to Watkins . Gessling , meanwhile , told digitalburg.com he 's been a rodeo clown throughout his career , and that it 's what he loves to do . "  Making fun of political and famous people is kind of the platform , " he said . " ... I 've never tried to dishonor or disrespect anyone , so the whole thing was not meant to be racist or disrespectful . I was just trying to make people laugh . "	The Missouri State Fair Commission demands "  sensitivity training " for rodeo clowns The demand sparks controversy Tuffy Gessling says he was making the jokes heard at the rodeo A U.S. congressman invites the clown to perform in Texas
CNN  -- In Japan , rail rules as the transport mode of choice with over 2,000 kilometers of railroad tracks and an estimated 24 million passengers using the network every day , according to Japan 's rail companies . Watch : Car vs. bullet train race to Tokyo Despite the country 's land mass being roughly the same size as the state of California , the Japanese have developed an extensive railway network that provides easy access to larger cities from smaller towns in the country . Read more : -LSB- Infographic -RSB- The railway capital of the world One of the reasons Japan 's railway network is so popular is the commuter traffic . Stations are extremely busy during peak periods and some operators even hire "  oshiya " or "  pushers " -- train and subway staff who help facilitate getting commuters onto trains . Watch : Tokyo 's seven-minute miracle With such a rich railway history and a constant push to improve the network , CNN has devised a quick quiz for you to test your Japan train knowledge .	Japan has strived to be at the world 's forefront for rail research and development The nation now has over 2000 kilometers of train tracks and a renowned bullet train network An estimated 24 million passengers use the network every day
Spewing red hot lava 300 meters in the air , an erupting volcano in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo  DRC  is turning the war-torn African country into an unlikely tourist destination . Tourists have been visiting the Virunga National Park on overnight treks and in increasing numbers to witness the latest lava eruptions from the volcano , which have been flowing since November 6 . Mount Nyamulagira is considered to be the most active volcano in the area and for $ 300 each , around 60 to 70 volcano fans have been traveling an hour from the eastern city of Goma to the start of the trek at the Virunga National Park . With the aid of the European Union , Virunga National Park has been a driver in boosting tourism to eastern Congo over the past few years . Tourism officials predict that visitor numbers at Virunga National Park will rise to nearly 4,000 this year -- up from 1,800 in 2010 , while Africa 's oldest national park is expected to raise over $ 1 million in revenue for the first time in its history , according to a report in the International Business Times . The Democratic Republic of Congo is home to eight national parks , five of which are UNESCO World Heritage Sites , as well as being home to many endangered species , making it ripe territory for eco-tourism . However statistics on the country , which has been embroiled in civil war since 1998 , are grim reading . It is a place where women are systemically raped , children are forced to fight as soldiers and most people struggle to survive on less than $ 2 a day . But the volcano 's proximity and its vivid colors are worth braving the rough terrain for , according to one of the first people to visit the area . "  We really wanted to go in , " says Ethan Kinsey , a tour operator from Tanzania who was in one of the first overnight volcano treks . "  National park wardens  had to assess the safety of it and then we hiked in immediately . " On the northern side of the volcano , participants can watch lava spew out of the Earth from a tented camping site 1.5 kilometers away , which has been deemed safe by a volcanologist . Kinsey says : "  Where you look across at the volcano , there is nothing between you and it except a few piles of rock . It is really quite dramatic . "  You really do n't know what is happening underneath  the ground  -- it could just blow up . But it seemed like pretty regular explosions . " Kinsey traveled into the national park with two friends and recommends staying overnight . "  The colors are so much more vivid ... It really is beautiful . We slept with our tents open so we could see it , and the tents face the volcano so we could see the explosions in the night . " Orphaned gorillas find a safe haven Kinsey says he felt very at ease while on the trek despite the warnings about the region . "  There are a lot of people walking around with guns , a lot of people walking around with AK-47s , carrying rocket launchers ... But obviously , if the national parks are confident that they can provide a safe experience then it 's safe , " he says . "  The rebel activity that is causing instability is not targeted at tourists . It is not really targeted at the rangers either . I felt safe . " He added : "  I think that there will be a lot of interest  in volcano trekking  so now I just have to spread it out and get it out there that we can do this . " The impoverished central African country also made its debut at the World Travel Market in London in September this year , signaling to the world that it means business when it comes to boosting tourism revenue . In its efforts to promote tourism , the DRC government , in conjunction with the Institut Congo pour la Conservation de la Nature  Congolese Wildlife Authority  , has recently launched a tourism visa that can be obtained online through Virunga 's website for $ 50 . DRC borders Uganda , Burundi and Rwanda at the junction of the Rift Valley Lakes region , but despite the country 's more varied biodiversity , Uganda and Rwanda generate more revenue from the gorilla tourism trade , because of the instability in the area according to analysts EuroMonitor . Many governments currently warn their citizens against traveling to the Democratic Republic of Congo due to extreme security risks as a result of continued military activity . However , GoCongo , a tourist operator in the area , describes the DRC as a place of adventure . The company wrote on their website : "  No one goes there to rest and sit in a chair for a couple of weeks . Congo is an experience and asks for active people ... If you really need  five star  lodges , whisky on the rocks and your 20-channels television , please go somewhere else . " National park experts are unsure how long the volcano will continue to erupt , spraying vibrant lava and rocks into the sky . The Virunga National Park , a World Heritage site has eight volcanoes that spread across the Virunga mountain range , but only two are currently active . The 7,900 hectare site is also home to critically endangered mountain gorillas . "  The area where the eruption is taking place is an area that has been affected by eruptions for around two-and-a half-years ... Our mountain gorillas do n't live in that area . They are about 50 kilometers away so they are completely untouched , " says Virunga National Park development officer Cai Tjeenk Willak said .	Virunga National Park in the DRC is inviting tourists on overnight treks to see an erupting volcano Eight volcanoes are found in the vicinity of the national park but only two are currently active Surrounding wildlife , like the endangered mountain gorillas , are out of harm 50 km away
Hong Kong  CNN  -- CNN readers had a mixture of admiration and disdain for "  Bob , " the anonymous U.S. programmer who outsourced his work to a Chinese firm for one-fifth of his paycheck . The incident was investigated by Verizon after a client company noticed the firm 's computer system was regularly being accessed from China . Investigators found the employee had "  physically FedExed his RSA token to China so that the third-party contractor could log-in under his credentials during the workday , " according to Andrew Valentine , a senior forensic investigator for Verizon . "  This guy must have read the ` 4-Hour Workweek ' book . He was doing exactly what the book recommends , " wrote one CNN reader , a sentiment echoed elsewhere . "  Heard this on CNN this morning and thought the same exact thing -- he must be a Tim Ferriss fan ! " wrote a reader identified as Sarah Avayou . U.S. programmer outsources own job to China , surfs cat videos Ferriss , however , is n't a fan of the tactics of "  Bob . " The author of the blockbuster time management book series -- which advocates personal outsourcing as part of his formula for earning more in less time -- said subterfuge and allowing someone unauthorized access to the company computers is not the way forward . "  Productivity should benefit the collective , not put it at risk , " Ferriss told CNN by e-mail . "  As much as I love cat photos , creating security breaches is n't a good career move . It 's also bad karma . " An average day for "  Bob " included watching cat videos and logging into eBay and Facebook . He would then send an end-of-day report on the work he paid a company in Shenyang , China , to do for him . "  The 4-Hour Workweek is about maximizing your per-hour output -- increasing personal effectiveness . It 's about creating abundance and not about screwing your employer , " Ferriss said . "  This is why I work with some of the fastest growing start-ups in Silicon Valley  Evernote , Uber , etc.  : they want maximal leverage . " Is there a way "  Bob " could have done this without jeopardizing his job ? "  If you want to structure a remote-work agreement , voluntarily work several consecutive Saturdays and measure your output increases  e.g. deals closed , client hours booked , etc.  , " Ferriss said . "  Use data and a logical argument to show your bosses that you can contribute more while being location-independent . " Ferriss also advises : "  If you want increased power and negotiating ability within your organization , increase your per-hour output . Focus on the 80/20 Rule : identifying the 20 % of activities  also products/services  that produce 80 % of the results you or your bosses want . "  Track  or create  metrics that allow your supervisors to measure your performance improvements and contributions , " he said . Still , many readers admired the unknown -- and now unemployed -- programmer . "  It reminds me of a quote from ` The Night Of The Generals ' that went something like ` What is admirable on a grand scale is abhorrent on a small scale ' , " commented another CNN reader known as Davidji , referring to the 1967 movie about a Nazi murder investigation during World War II . "  CEO 's do this every day and they get stock options and their picture on Forbes front cover . "	Strong reader reaction to story U.S. programmer personally outsourced work to China Readers cited "  The 4-Hour Workweek , ' which advocates outsourcing individual work Author Tim Ferriss tells CNN that "  Bob " went wrong by breaching company security Ferriss : "  Creating security breaches is n't a good career move . It 's also bad karma . "
Coastal Living  -- Spectacular courses combine with sumptuous lodgings for a vacation Tiger Woods might envy . Kiawah Island Golf Resort in South Carolina is among Coastal Living 's top 10 golf resorts . Pebble Beach Resorts , Pebble Beach , California Four legendary courses , three luxurious lodgings , incomparable coastal scenery -- golfers ' fantasies come true here on Central California 's Monterey Peninsula . Of course , they do n't come cheap . Lodging starts at $ 505 a night for the 269-room Inn at Spanish Bay , $ 580 for the 161-room Lodge at Pebble Beach  most of which dates to 1919  , and $ 705 for the 24-room Casa Palmero , an intimate , Mediterranean-style enclave of exclusivity . However , the room rates do include preferred booking privileges at Del Monte Golf Course , The Links at Spanish Bay , Spyglass Hill Golf Course , and the glorious Pebble Beach Golf Links ; 800/654 -9300 or pebblebeach.com . The Lodge at Sea Island , St. Simons Island , Georgia Old-school elegance pervades this 40-room getaway , which has earned both five diamonds from AAA and five stars from Mobil Travel Guide . The 24-hour butler service attends to such details as unpacking and pressing one 's golf attire . Personalized stationery stands ready to facilitate correspondence . Haunting music from a lone bagpiper floats over the grounds to announce the end of each day . Most important , three 18-hole championship layouts await anyone confident enough to match wits with three devilishly creative course architects : Tom Fazio , Rees Jones , and Davis Love III ; 800/732 -4752 or seaisland.com . Four Seasons Resort Lana`i at Manele Bay , Lanai , Hawaii Jack Nicklaus designed The Challenge at Manele -- 18 dramatically beautiful holes that scramble along the shoreline , sometimes using the Pacific Ocean as a water hazard . The accommodations at the 236-room resort , by contrast , coddle rather than challenge . Rooms offer private balconies and marble baths . Spa treatments rejuvenate tired golfers . Nearby Hulopoe Beach in 1997 earned the title of "  America 's best beach " ; 800/450 -3704 or fourseasons.com . Coastal Living : So you want to live in Hawaii ? The Ritz-Carlton Golf Resort , Naples , Florida This luxe , Mediterranean Revival outpost on the edge of the Everglades already has achieved five-diamond status from AAA . Greg Norman created the resort 's Tiburón Golf Course . Its 36 holes , with their coquina-shell sand and sod-wall bunkers , test top players without torturing duffers . Resort guests get full privileges at the beachfront Ritz-Carlton , Naples , another five-diamond property  with a spa  five minutes away ; 239/593 -2000 or ritzcarlton.com . The American Club , Kohler , Wisconsin In 1918 , plumbing magnate Walter J. Kohler , Sr. , added to his company town a Tudor-style structure to house immigrant workers . In 1981 , the building , less than an hour north of Milwaukee , received a considerable upgrade and became the elegant American Club . Each room in the AAA five-diamond resort hotel features a spa tub  by Kohler , of course  . More recently , the resort added Whistling Straits , two 18-hole public courses along Lake Michigan that left even their designer , the legendary Pete Dye , in awe . "  I should say this with some degree of modesty , but in my lifetime I 've never seen anything like this . Anyplace . Period , " he says ; 800/344 -2838 , ext. 700 , or destinationkohler.com . Bandon Dunes Resort , Bandon , Oregon Three 18-hole courses -- Bandon Dunes , Pacific Dunes , and the new Bandon Trails -- take golf back to its origins . The game began on Scotland 's craggy , wind-whipped shores . In fact , the term "  links " originally referred to narrow strips of land that "  link " the beaches with inland farms . The rolling , tumbling terrain and Pacific Ocean breezes create such beauty that golfers might even forgive the havoc those conditions can wreak on their games . Or maybe not . Like the courses , the resort buildings blend with the natural contours of the land . Sumptuous lodging and fine dining welcome home weary golfers ; 888/345 -6008 or bandondunes.com . Kiawah Island Golf Resort , Kiawah Island , South Carolina With five championship courses designed by such titans as Jack Nicklaus , Pete Dye , Tom Fazio , and Gary Player , only one thing kept this Charleston-area resort from being enshrined among the very best golf retreats : super-luxe accommodations . Now , with the opening of The Sanctuary at Kiawah Island , that shortcoming has vanished . Pete has returned more than once to tinker with his legendary seaside Ocean Course . The world saw the results when the 2007 Senior PGA Championship took place there ; 800/576 -1570 or kiawahresort.com . Four Seasons Resort Aviara , Carlsbad , California Arnold Palmer designed this 18-hole gem to take advantage of the coastal topography along the tidal Batiquitos Lagoon . Wildflower-lined fairways enhance the ruggedly lovely views of the surrounding mountains . The Spanish Colonial-style resort , just north of San Diego , offers the sort of luxurious accommodations and excellent dining typical of a Four Seasons property plus a spa ; 800/819 -5053 or fourseasons.com/aviara . Sawgrass Marriott Resort & Spa , Ponte Vedra Beach , Florida Every golfer knows about the Pete Dye-designed TPC at Sawgrass Stadium Course and its famous Island Hole  the 17th , where only a narrow walkway connects the island green to the fairway  . But this resort , nestled between the Intracoastal Waterway and the Atlantic Ocean just south of Jacksonville , also boasts four other championship courses , all of which offer water challenges of their own . In fact , it 's difficult to lose sight of water anywhere on the property , either inside or out . Guests can even fish the lagoons ; 800/457 -4653 or sawgrassmarriott.com . Casa de Campo , La Romana , Dominican Republic Eight gorgeous ocean holes provide tempting scenic distractions on the legendary , Pete Dye-designed Teeth of the Dog course . Pete and his wife , Alice , also designed the resort 's other two courses . Alternative sporting options include tennis , horseback riding , deep-sea fishing , and clay-pigeon shooting . The villas supply the most lavish lodgings , with private concierge service and either a pool or a spa tub . However , everybody gets to share the expansive , soothing Caribbean views ; 888/222 -8859 or ghotw.com/hotel/home/casa-de-campo.htm . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright © Coastal Living , 2009	Coastal Living has compiled a list of the top 10 golf resorts They feature spectacular courses , sumptuous lodgings Destinations include resorts in California , Florida , Georgia , South Carolina
Beijing  CNN  -- "  Those who win become emperors , those who lose become bandits . " This old Chinese adage may be an apt subtitle to the political drama that has been playing in China in recent months . It climaxed this week when Bo Xilai , a popular and polarizing politician , was dismissed as Communist Party chief of Chongqing , the biggest metropolis in China . Bo 's dismissal is the most sensational political scandal to hit the Chinese Communist Party in recent years . China axes Bo Xilai from Chongqing after scandal As a son of a revolutionary veteran and an official with a solid , albeit controversial record , Bo was considered a strong contender for promotion into the Standing Committee of the party 's Politburo , whose nine members decide how to run China . In autumn this year , the Communist Party Congress will convene in Beijing to confirm sweeping changes in this 1.37 billion-strong nation . Held every five years , it will set national priorities and choose a new set of leaders . The stage is set for the race to the top . That race is opaque , mostly decided inside the leadership compound in Zhongnanhai by various factions and vested interests -- conservatives , reformers , party apparatchiks , technocrats , regional leaders , army officers and princelings -- or taizi , referring to the children of veteran officials . Why Chinese succession matters For years , Bo seemed destined to succeed in a career that befitted his pedigree as a princeling . I knew Bo when we both studied at Peking University 's history department in the late 1970s . I majored in Chinese history , he in world history . We sometimes ate lunch together , standing while eating around a table with other classmates in the university cafeteria  there were not enough stools for every diner .  We typically talked about current events and debated history and politics . Bo was particularly keen to practice speaking English with foreign students like me . "  His top ambition then was to be a Chinese journalist posted overseas , " recalls a classmate and close friend of Bo . Two years later , after getting his Peking University degree , Bo got into the master 's degree program in journalism , the first ever , at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences . After graduation , however , Bo did not pursue his ambition to become a foreign correspondent . Instead , he worked his way up as a local party and government official . He spent 17 years in Dalian , a charming but gritty coastal city in northeastern China . He became Dalian mayor in 1993 and transformed it into a popular investment and tourism destination . As early as 1999 , Bo was expected to move to Beijing for a ministerial post but his promotion was aborted when he failed to get elected into the Central Committee , the Communist Party 's ruling elite . Meantime , Bo served as the governor and later party chief of Liaoning , a rust-belt region in northeast China which then boasted of large but mostly money-losing state-owned enterprises . In Liaoning , Bo dealt with high unemployment and endemic corruption . In 2004 , when Bo finally got elected into the elite Central Committee , he moved to Beijing as minister of trade and commerce . "  He was a tough and effective negotiator in terms of defending China 's global trade policies and interests , " said Wenran Jiang , a professor at the University of Alberta and Bo 's former classmate at Peking University . For decades , Jiang recalls , Bo stood out as one of China 's most dynamic and maverick politicians . I too have seen Bo impress foreign business and political leaders with his charisma and political savvy . Instead of reading prepared speeches or reciting memorized lines , for example , he often spoke extemporaneously . "  Bo is a populist leader , " says Wenfang Tang , a political science professor at the University of Iowa , who also remembers Bo as a fellow student at Peking University in the late 1970s . "  His populist and sometimes emotional appeal sets him apart from the rest of the technocratic leaders who can certainly win the contest for the most boring politicians , " Tang opines . "  He would have had a chance to become China 's top leader , if China had direct elections . But he shows too much personality and charisma in the post-Mao political culture that emphasizes collective leadership . " Bo gained national prominence -- and a host of enemies -- when he moved in to Chongqing in 2007 . There , he made his name by "  striking black " and "  singing red . " Striking black  dahei in Chinese  refers to a ruthless , relentless crackdown on corruption and gangster activities . Singing red  changhong  refers to mass-singing of militant Cultural Revolution  1966-76  songs that harked back to Maoism . Bo 's "  strike black " campaign implicated millionaires , local officials , police officers and gangsters involved in bribery , prostitution , gambling , drugs and guns . During the crackdown , Bo relied mainly on Wang Lijun , a tough and decorated policeman who served as Chongqing 's police chief from 2009 to 2011 . The campaign led to thousands of arrests and several executions . Wang was promoted to vice mayor as a reward . Ironically , it was also Wang Lijun who torpedoed Bo 's career . On February 8 , Wang was unexpectedly reported to be "  on leave " for health reasons . Days later , Wang mysteriously fled into the U.S. consulate in Chengdu , six hours ' drive away from Chongqing . The next day , Wang left the consulate "  of his own volition , " U.S. officials said , and was taken into custody by security officials . Asylum rumors sparked by China crime buster 's ` medical leave ' It remains unclear why Wang attempted to seek refuge in the U.S. consulate and what repercussions his action may have . The "  Wang Lijun Incident , " as the Chinese media calls it , has been under investigation . Chinese premier Wen Jiabao this week said the results of the investigation will be made public and "  should be able to stand the test of law and history . " Meantime , the scandal has led to Bo Xilai 's humiliating downfall . Beijing is abuzz with rumors that worse punishment may await Bo . On China 's treacherous road to the pinnacle of power , it takes only a few wrong turns for a maverick politician to end up like a "  bandit . "	Bo Xilai 's sacking is the biggest political scandal to hit China for years The Chongqing chief was dismissed amid a scandal involving a key deputy FlorCruz met Bo when both were students at Peking University Charismatic and popular , Bo was once seen as rising star in Chinese politics
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actress Lindsay Lohan missed her first day of community service at the Los Angeles County morgue Thursday , one day after a judge rebuked her for similar failures , revoked her probation and forced her to post $ 100,000 bail . "  Lindsay arrived at the morgue approximately 20 minutes late and will be returning for orientation tomorrow , " said her publicist Steven Honig . "  Her lateness was due to a combination of not knowing what entrance to go through and confusion caused by the media waiting for her arrival , " Honig said in a statement . "  Lindsay spoke with the supervisors at the morgue . They showed her how to get in , and everything is all cleared up . " Chief Coroner Craig Harvey said Lohan failed to show up on time -- 7 a.m. PT Thursday -- to the coroner 's office . Though she arrived late , Lohan was turned away because there was n't enough time to complete her hours for the day , officials said . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Stephanie Sautner ruled Wednesday that after Lohan posted $ 100,000 bail for her probation revocation , she had to perform two working shifts -- or eight hours a day -- twice a week until her probation revocation hearing November 2 . Lohan 's tardiness Thursday does n't mean she is turned away from the program , Harvey said . If Lohan shows up Friday on time , she will be allowed to work and perform her community service , Harvey said . The coroner 's office will dismiss Lohan from her morgue duties only if she does something "  terribly " wrong or shows misconduct , Harvey said . Sautner revoked probation for Lohan because of her failure to comply with community service at a downtown Los Angeles women 's center . Under Sautner 's ruling , once Lohan made bail the same day , the actress now must perform 16 hours of community service a week -- over a minimum of two days a week -- at the county morgue before her probation violation hearing next month . Lohan , 25 , was on probation after pleading guilty in May to stealing a necklace from a Venice , California , jewelry store . She served five weeks of home confinement ending in June for that misdemeanor theft and violation of another probation . Lohan 's legal woes began in 2007 with two drunken driving arrests and have been compounded by her failure to attend counseling classes and her failures of alcohol and drug tests . Her current probation calls for her to perform 360 hours at the Los Angeles Downtown Women 's Center and 120 hours at the county morgue within a year . But the judge expressed anger Wednesday at Lohan 's repeated probation failures . She said Lohan posted nine absences at the women 's center since her last court hearing July 21 -- and performed , at most , only two hours of service . Lohan 's attempt to perform community service at a nearby Red Cross facility -- instead of the women 's center -- was voided Wednesday because the judge said she did n't authorize that change . After the hearing , Lohan publicist Honig released a statement : "  Lindsay is hoping this matter will be resolved on November 2 and the court will reinstate probation and allow her to continue fulfilling her community service . " Lohan 's estranged father , Michael Lohan , told HLN 's "  Issues With Jane Velez-Mitchell " that his daughter needs "  a very , very intensive " program of rehabilitation for substance abuse . "  What the judge did , she had to do , " he said Wednesday . But he said jail time would not be the proper remedy . "  She 's not going to be working the morgue . She 's going to wind up in a morgue if someone does n't do something to get her help , " he said . At one point during this week 's hearing , Los Angeles city attorneys Lisa Houle and Melanie Chavira asked the court to revoke Lohan 's probation and impose jail time because of her failure to do community service . One of the city attorneys said Lohan "  is in violation for getting herself kicked out of the women 's center , which she was ordered to do . " But Lohan 's attorney told the court that the actress received "  a glowing " probation report , which said that "  Ms. Lohan has reached a turning point " in her behavior and maturity . The judge raised several questions about the reliability of that report , however . Sautner remarked how the probation report showed Lohan had excused absences from community service between September 9 and October 5 so that she could travel to New York , Milan , Italy , and Paris for work . But a psychologist 's report said Lohan had perfect attendance for counseling every week , the judge observed . "  The psychologist said she appeared in person for her counseling every Tuesday , " the judge said . "  I do n't know how she did that . " "  Did she go to Milan for five days and come back in time or go to Paris for five days and come back in time ? " Sautner asked the defense attorney . "  If she was gone from September 9 to October 5 , did she get beamed across the pond ? I do n't know how that happened , " the judge said . Lohan 's attorney , Shawn Holley , told Sautner that she did n't know the specifics of Lohan 's psychological appointments , but the attorney said the arrangement did call for phone conferences . Holley added that Lohan 's work in Europe was done to support her and her family -- and affected her ability to carry out the community service . "  Because the work is out of the county , it did cause a disruption to her schedule " to do community service , Holley said . Lohan 's community service at the county morgue wo n't be easy , the judge noted . "  They do n't mess around and you show up and do what they tell you to do , " Sautner said . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	NEW : Coroner says Lindsay Lohan missed her 7 a.m. PT start time Publicist : She arrives 20 minutes late to do community service at Los Angeles County morgue Actress will return to the morgue Friday and try again , her publicist says A judge has already revoked Lohan 's probation because of other similar failures
InStyle.com  -- We asked five stars for their innermost thoughts on perfume , then chose the season 's best new scents Beyonce : "  I 'll stick with one scent for five or six years . I 'll wear it all the time . " Beyoncé What was your first perfume ? 273 by Fred Hayman . I wore it when I was a teenager . My mom used to wear it , and I stole it .  Fred Hayman 273 , $ 55/2 .5 fl . oz. ; fragrancenet.com What images would pop into your head if you smelled it now ? Getting ready , curling my hair , putting my makeup on , going out to a party . And my mother , my childhood , my house . What does your house smell like ? Vanilla . Warm and sweet . I have a lot of Diptyque candles around the house . Even when I 'm away , I have someone burn them . I like having the scent in my pillows .  Diptyque Opopanax candle , $ 55 ; bergdorfgoodman.com You 're the face of Emporio Armani Diamonds , which has rose and raspberry notes . What 's it like ? Soft , sweet and comforting . Yesterday I had a day off , which is rare , and I took a long bath . When I got out , I was by myself and knew I would be all day , but I still sprayed it on .  Emporio Armani Diamonds , $ 50/1 .7 fl . oz. ; at Macy 's What other scents do you like ? My favorite scent is my mother 's cooking : her yams and her soul food . They smell like love , like being full and happy . How about men 's cologne ? I like -LSB- anything by -RSB- Creed .  Creed Original Santal , $ 110/1 fl . oz. ; neimanmarcus.com Emmy Rossum What fragrance did your mom wear while you were growing up ? Lancôme Trésor . It still reminds me of watching her get ready to go out at night .  Lancôme Trésor , $ 81/3 .4 fl . oz. ; lancome-usa . com What was your first perfume ? I got Elizabeth Taylor White Diamonds for my sixth birthday . I felt so sophisticated ! I 'd put my mom 's red lipstick on my lips and cheeks , wear her high heels and spray the fragrance all over myself and the house .  Elizabeth Taylor White Diamonds , $ 65/3 .3 fl . oz. ; perfumania.com Which kind of fragrances are you usually drawn to ? I like ones that are clean , feminine , and not so famous that they are immediately recognizable . I -LSB- rarely -RSB- tell anyone what scent I wear -- it 's a woman 's most precious sensual secret . Can you let us in on some of your all-time favorites ? My favorite is Miss Dior Chérie . It 's classic and feminine , but flirty . I wear it to lunch , to dinner parties , to the beach , skiing and to big occasions like the Oscars , when I want to feel especially glamorous .  Miss Dior Chérie , $ 65/1 .7 fl . oz. ; at Nordstrom What men 's scent do you like ? Angel Men . It 's masculine and very appealing without being too strong .  Thierry Mugler Angel Men , $ 102/3 .4 fl . oz. ; bloomingdales.com Which kind of smells are you attracted to for soaps , shampoos , lotions and home fragrances ? I like traditional Johnson 's No More Tears baby shampoo and Kérastase products . I like vanilla and pomegranate for soaps . My favorite candle is Jo Malone Wild Fig & Cassis . Do you wear perfume when you 're acting ? Always , especially during intimate kissing scenes ! I wear something that is sensual but not too obvious . Sarah Jessica Parker How is your new fragrance , Covet , different from Lovely , the first one you helped create ? Lovely is very polite . It 's the girl you marry , and Covet is the girl you date , you know ? Covet is fun , slightly wanton , desperate . It 's for a stop-at-nothing-to-get-what-you-want kind of a girl .  Sarah Jessica Parker Covet , $ 52/1 .7 fl . oz. ; macys.com What was the first scent you wore ? Love 's Baby Soft .  Love 's Baby Soft body spray , $ 12/1 .5 fl . oz. ; at drugstores If you got a whiff of it right now , what memories would it trigger ? It would be seventh grade and not having enough disposable money . It would be Fiorucci , a shirt tied in a knot at the waist , and the Yankees . It would be fighting with my brothers and sisters before school and my mother yelling at me , and not finishing my homework on a Sunday night . Do you wear fragrance every day ? Without question . For some women , it 's lip gloss or mascara or covering a blemish . I can do without all of that . But the idea of not putting on perfume is shocking to me . Where do you apply it ? I love walking into a closet and smelling lingering aroma , so I always spray my clothes . And at the end of the bottle , when the atomizer no longer reaches the tiny little dribble that is left , I unscrew the top and pour the remainder onto a T-shirt or my dress . What 's your favorite men 's scent ? I really love Old Spice and Guerlain Vetiver for men .  Guerlain Vetiver , $ 74/4 .2 fl . oz. ; saks.com What home fragrance do you love ? There 's nothing better than a blue Rigaud candle .  Rigaud Chèvrefeuille candle , $ 75 ; gracioushome.com Do you have a favorite flower or fruit scent ? I love a peony when it 's really in season , and I love lemons . Gwyneth Paltrow Do you wear perfume every day ? Not if I 'm just in sweatpants around the house . But if I go out , I always squirt something on . It completes the look . Are you always attracted to the same kind of scents ? It depends on my mood . -LSB- Sometimes -RSB- I like things that are a little more spicy . I really like Black Orchid , Tom Ford 's perfume . Something a bit sexy . Tom Ford Black Orchid , $ 65/1 .7 fl . oz. ; neimanmarcus.com . You 're the face of Estée Lauder Pleasures . How would you describe that fragrance ? It 's floral and feminine , a sitting-in-your-garden kind of scent .  Estée Lauder Pleasures , $ 45/1 .7 fl . oz. ; at Macy 's What perfume did your mom wear when you were a kid ? She wore Quadrille by Balenciaga , and they do n't make it anymore . I always go online trying to find bottles -LSB- stashed -RSB- in someone 's basement to give to her as a present because she 's almost out of it . Has your taste in scents changed since you became a mom ? No , but when I was pregnant I could n't tolerate the smell of anything , whether it was garlic , orange juice or perfume . Now do you avoid scents that might overwhelm little noses ? I just do n't overdo it . A little spritz goes a long way . What are some other , non-perfume fragrances you love ? I love the smell of lilies and paperwhites . I also burn these tea-scented candles from Mariage Frères . The best shampoo I 've ever found is Japanese -- it 's called Molto Bene B : Oce . It 's so good for dry hair like mine .  Mariage Frères Thé Rouge candle , $ 65 ; aedes.com ; Molto Bene B : Oce Shampoo SE , $ 16/8 .1 oz . What scent do you love on men ? Ocean water . I like natural scents . Victoria Beckham How would you describe Intimately Beckham ? It 's a white-flower fragrance with a lot of tuberose , which is my favorite flower . It 's fresh and sexy in a fashion-y way . I think it 's a happy smell .  Intimately Beckham , $ 42/1 .7 fl . oz. ; ulta.com Does it remind you of anything ? White flowers remind me of my grandmother : timeless and gorgeous . Everything I wear I would like to think of as timeless as well . I still wear dresses I bought 10 years ago . So you like florals ? I love rose , tuberose and orange blossom . I 'm a real girlie girl -- I love perfume , makeup and hair products . I think I know how girls want to smell . Do you wear different scents for different moods ? For me it 's more about the weather and what you 're wearing and who you 're with . Intimately Beckham is light , and perfect for warm weather . That 's why we came up with Intimately Beckham Night  coming next year  , which is slightly heavier . How involved was David in creating the fragrance ? He was hands-on . He 's masculine , but he 's in touch with his feminine side too . He loves clothes and beauty products and aftershave . Which men 's scents does he like ? David and I both love Miller Harris .  Miller Harris Feuilles de Tabac , $ 120/3 .4 fl . oz. ; bigelowchemist.com What was your first fragrance ? Coco Chanel . If I smelled it today , it would take me back to being 14 , just when I was first really getting into fashion .  Chanel Coco , $ 110/3 .4 fl . oz. ; at Nordstrom What scent did your mom wear ? Poison by Christian Dior . It was so distinctive . It instantly reminds me of the eighties -- all that hair and those big dresses .  Dior Poison , $ 43/1 fl . oz. ; drugstore.com Any other favorites ? I love Jo Malone 's grapefruit smells . And I have to say , nothing looks better in the bathroom than a bottle of Chanel No. 5 -- that 's the ultimate . E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2008 Time Inc. . All rights reserved . Additional Reporting By Kwala Mandel ; Alysia Poe ; Suzanne Zuckerman	Perfumes trigger strong memories for stars Beyoncé says her house smells like Vanilla Parker : "  Idea of not putting on perfume is shocking to me "
CNN  -- The Pentagon has revolutionized warfare during the past decade , making unmanned aerial vehicles , known as UAVs , a staple of modern combat in Afghanistan and Iraq . A USAF technician at Creech Air Force Base , checks Hellfire missile attachments on a Predator . Remotely-controlled drones , such as the Predator and the Reaper , have allowed the U.S. military to spy on and attack enemy combatants without putting their own forces at risk , thereby making UAVs a must-have . "  The real advantage of unmanned aerial systems is they allow you to project power without projecting vulnerability , " says USAF Lt. Gen. David Deptula at the Pentagon . But as USAF commanders try to provide enough pilots to take charge of drones , many are considering another aspect of the warfare revolution -- the psychological impact on those controlling the vehicles . As Dr. Kory Cornum , a USAF colonel , explains : "  Whereas we have thousands of years of data on what it 's like to go to war really , we only have a few years of data on what it 's like to go to war virtually . And so we do n't have really enough data . " Pilots are now dealing with something never experienced before -- a rapid transition from intense combat to home comfort , often in less than an hour . Some describe it as a version of post-traumatic stress disorder , often more associated with soldiers directly in harm 's way . Peter Singer , an adviser to U.S. President Barack Obama 's campaign team and author of "  Wired for War , " described one encounter with a frustrated non-commissioned officer . "  She actually banged the table , saying : ` No one is paying attention to this issue of PTSD -LSB- post-traumatic stress disorder -RSB- among my men and women , no one 's paying attention to it , " Singer says . "  And she talked about a scene where they were flying a drone above a set of U.S. soldiers that were killed and the drone was unarmed at the time and they could n't do anything about it . They just circled above and they watched U.S. soldiers die in front of them . " Watch the debate about the impact of UAVs on pilots " USAF fighter pilots like Major Morgan Andrews remotely control drones from Creech Air Force Base in Nevada . Less than an hour after targeting he 'll be back in suburban Las Vegas , his drive home more physically dangerous than the combat mission he has just undertaken . Commanders at Creech say that if there is stress , it comes from relentless around-the-clock shift work . Andrews says that like any good pilot he has learned to compartmentalize his life , using his commute to and from work to transition . "  I think about work , I think about what happened , " Andrews explains , "  what I could 've done better , anything I maybe did wrong that I could 've done differently , how could I do it better next time . I just kind of go through it and usually , by the time I get home , I 've sorted it all through my mind and stick it away in a file and go on with life . " For Andrews , fighting from Nevada more than outweighs the drawbacks of long overseas deployments , allowing him to enjoy life at home with his family and friends . Cornum adds that the drive home is more of a blessing than anyone realized . "  It does give you some amount of time , as opposed to if you lived on base and you could literally walk out of war and into your house , " he says . "  I do n't know if 30 minutes is enough . But it gives you time to decompress . " But conducting remote warfare , as Cornum explains , brings with it stress that vary from those usually experienced by troops . "  The big difference is that when you are actually deployed , you are with all your battle buddies who are experiencing the thing 24/7 . Whereas when you go home , you go home to your family , to your neighbors , who are not in the battle all the time . And that 's good and bad . "	Robotic warfare allows pilots to control armed vehicles without risk to themselves Military experts are now looking at the psychological impact this may have on pilots Pilots now transition from battlefield to home environment in less than an hour Some pilots welcome operating from the U.S. rather than being deployed overseas
CNN  -- Egypt 's tumultuous political process took another dramatic turn Thursday when its Supreme Constitutional Court effectively dissolved parliament , ruling that the election of one-third of its members last year was unconstitutional . The court also ruled that former Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq can remain a presidential candidate in this weekend 's runoff election , despite his close association with the former regime . These back-to-back rulings have immediately strengthened the hand of the "  old guard " at the expense of the Islamists , who held more than 70 % of the seats in parliament before it was dissolved . While some Muslim Brotherhood leaders are referring to the court 's decisions as a "  full-fledged coup , " it is more accurate to see recent events as an energetic "  counter-revolution . " Egypt 's presidential runoff to go ahead despite concerns The remnants of the establishment , including the economically privileged military and the Mubarak-appointed judiciary , are flexing the powers they never gave up to make sure they remain in control . The now dissolved parliament was supposed to establish a 100-member Constituent Assembly to draft a new constitution ; instead , the military has announced that it will determine the composition of the committee . The constitution will determine such critical issues as how much power the president will wield , the role of Islam in society , and what oversight a civilian government will have over the military . In a sign of the military 's intentions , it proposed in November that its budget be outside civilian scrutiny , sparking outrage and denunciations from opposition leaders who vowed to reign in military power . Now , the transition from military to civilian rule is back to square one . On Wednesday , the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces also issued a decree giving the military police and intelligence service the right to detain civilians and send them to military tribunals . Essentially , the decree replicates the dreaded State of Emergency law that was in effect for most of the past 30 years under Mubarak until it was overturned on May 31 . The security forces are clearly girding for another round of massive street protests by Egypt 's revolutionaries when they rally to resist the counter-revolution . Some Egyptians pin the blame for the current setback on the Muslim Brotherhood 's political overreach . In the parliamentary elections last December , it ran candidates affiliated with its Freedom and Justice Party for seats reserved for independents , helping it win a larger share of seats . This was one of the explanations for the Supreme Constitutional Court 's ruling invalidating those seats and dissolving parliament . Also , after insisting it would not run a presidential candidate , the Muslim Brotherhood did join the presidential race . Its candidate , Mohammed Morsi , led the field in the general election last month and will compete against Ahmed Shafiq in the runoff election , which starts tomorrow . However , while the Muslim Brotherhood 's growing political influence certainly disquieted the establishment , the reality is that the powerful military , which has run Egypt for decades , was never going to simply hand over power to a civilian government and fade into the background . This showdown was inevitable . Analysts : ` Soft coup ' court ruling could reignite Egyptian revolution For now , the Muslim Brotherhood has not called for protests , and Egypt 's cities on Friday were relatively calm . The Brotherhood and various leaders of the youth movement have vowed to fight the counter-revolution , and they have the power to bring millions of people back into the streets to do so . Undoubtedly , there are behind-the-scenes negotiations occurring as Brotherhood leaders meet with the SCAF to figure out what influence they can now expect . Egypt 's stability now rests on whether they can come to some accommodation that will lead to a gradual transition acceptable to the major players . The military must recognize that its attempts to reverse the democratic transition will eventually fail . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Isobel Coleman .	Isobel Coleman : Old guard in Egypt has reasserted control with ruling dissolving parliament She says Muslim Brotherhood held most seats , now military will oversee constitutional committee She says military was never really going to hand over power ; this showdown was inevitable Coleman : Millions could return to streets ; military must know it will fail to stop democracy
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- A massive two-week food distribution effort aimed at reaching 2 million people began Sunday in Haiti 's quake-ravaged capital . Slightly more than 376 metric tons of rice were distributed to 100,368 people at nine locations during the day , World Food Programme spokesman Marcus Prior said . The food distribution plan , coordinated by the United Nations World Food Programme , international aid agencies and the Haitian government , was to hand out food at 16 identified points across the city . But on Sunday , people at only nine of those places were able to collect , Prior said . More time was needed to prepare ration coupons at five sites , Prior said . The other two distribution points , located in the dense slum of Cite Soleil , were a no-go for security reasons . "  The area has been extremely volatile recently with a significant increase in gang violence , but we are hopeful we will be able to reach them soon , " he said . Distribution was orderly elsewhere , Prior said . Only women were given tickets to collect a 55 pound  25 kilogram  bag of rice per family . Forty-two metric tons of rice will be distributed each day over the next two weeks . At Champs de Mars , the city 's central plaza which has turned into a sprawling makeshift camp for the quake displaced , women formed a long line that snaked up to trucks carrying the rice . Full coverage One by one they stepped up and walked away with a white bag on their heads . A smile blossomed on some faces . U.S. soldiers were out in force to guard against chaos . "  There was no way we could do this without them . There 's no way we could push back people without the troops , " said Jacques Montouroy , a logistical planner for Catholic Relief Services , one of eight aid agencies participating in the two-week food plan . Prior said the WFP will work with its aid partners to ensure that men in need of assistance are not excluded . Women are receiving the food vouchers because they tend to be responsible for the household food supply , Prior said . "  Our long experience in food distribution tells us that by delivering food into the hands of women , it is more likely to be redistributed equitably among the household -- including the men , " he said . Montouroy said most men have someone -- a wife , a sister , a mother or girlfriend -- who will be able to feed them . He said it was safer to deliver the rice to the women . But things did n't sit well with some men . "  What about me ? I did n't get anything . I need food , " said Johnny Sanon Stevenson . "  Many people could not participate . " The missing , the found , the victims With tight security , it was impossible for crowds to enter cordoned off areas where the food trucks were emptied . The WFP said the specified drop sites are a key step in establishing food security . At the central plaza , Master Sgt. Ranny Lewis helped a woman carry her bag of rice and then led women waiting in line in singing "  Glory , Glory Hallelujah . " Lewis , a native of the Caribbean nation of Antigua and Barbuda who serves in the 478 Civil Affairs Battalion , said gospel was the lifeblood of the region . Song was a way of overcoming frustration and calm fears . Lewis said it was a dream come true for him to be able to help the people of Haiti in their greatest hour of need . "  This is the ultimate civil affairs mission , " Lewis said . "  This is where the rubber meets the road . " "  It was difficult to control my tears , " he said . "  It brings me home , to my roots . I was one with the people . " WFP Executive Director Josette Sheeran said the January 12 Haiti earthquake was the "  most complex challenge " the agency has confronted . "  But this distribution system will not only allow us to reach more people , it will give us the qualitative step we need to facilitate the delivery of all kinds of humanitarian assistance in the weeks and months to come , " Sheeran said in a statement . The food aid plan involves at least eight private humanitarian agencies : Samaritan 's Purse , Catholic Relief Services , CARE , World Vision , ACTED , Save The Children , GOAL and ADRA . "  Together with our NGO -LSB- non-governmental organization -RSB- partners we are working with the local authorities , churches and other civil society organizations to ensure that all male-headed households and others with special needs are not excluded from these distributions , " Prior said . Details of the plan were finalized at a meeting attended by WFP , the aid agencies and senior members of the Haitian government , said Ken Isaacs , vice president of programs for Samaritan 's Purse . He said those attending the meeting were given coupons , which were being handed out to needy families in the districts drawn up around each distribution point . The two-week effort aims to reach 2 million people in Port-au-Prince but does not expand to those living in other quake-devastated cities like Leogane . Ongoing emergency aid distributions to outlying areas will continue , Prior said . "  Up until now the nature of this emergency has forced us to work in a ` quick and dirty ' way simply to get food out , " Sheeran said . "  This new system will allow us to provide food assistance to more people , more quickly through a robust network of fixed distribution sites . " CNN 's Alec Miran contributed to this report .	NEW : 376 metric tons of rice distributed to 100,368 people at nine locations , official said Food distribution program coordinated by aid agencies and Haitian government Only women allowed to receive the 55-pound bags of rice being handed out Official says food given to women is more likely to be shared fairly by everyone
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Russia pressed the United States on Wednesday to choose between "  a real partnership " with Moscow or an "  illusory " relationship with U.S. ally Georgia . Washington said it 's sticking with Georgia . "  As to choosing , the United States has made very clear that it is standing by the democratically elected government of Georgia , " Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said Wednesday . She spelled out the Bush administration 's stance after Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov called Georgia 's government "  a special project for the United States . " "  And we are aware that the U.S. is uptight about this project , " Lavrov said in remarks broadcast on Russian television . "  But a choice will have to be made someday between considerations of prestige related to an illusory project and a real partnership in matters which indeed require collective efforts . " Rice , amid reports that Russian troops remained on the move Wednesday , pushed Russia to abide by a cease-fire signed Tuesday by the Russian and Georgian presidents . Russian military action in Georgia "  must stop and must stop now , " Rice said . Rice said Moscow already faced "  quite significant " diplomatic consequences over its conflict with Georgia before Tuesday 's cease-fire agreement , which calls for Russian and Georgian troops to return to pre-conflict positions . Bush said reports he had received were contrary to Russian assurances that it had halted military operations . Bush said he was told the Russian military had blocked Georgia 's major east-west highway , and had soldiers at the main port at Poti . There were reports that some ships had been attacked , he said . Russia has likely moved additional troops into the disputed Georgian provinces and into Georgia proper over the past several days , several administration officials told CNN on Wednesday . The officials said the United States now believes Russia may have 15,000 or more troops in the region . That would be an increase from the 8,000-10 ,000 the U.S. government estimated when the fighting began . A Bush administration official stressed that the scope of Russia 's military effort remains unclear . Any violations of the cease-fire would call into question Russia 's "  suitability " as an international partner , Rice told reporters before leaving on a diplomatic trip to Europe . Bush administration officials told CNN the United States and its European allies were considering kicking Russia out of the G-8 , the group of the world 's largest industrial economies , and other international organizations as punishment for its actions in Georgia . Rice discounted concerns that Moscow would no longer assist Washington on thorny diplomatic issues such as efforts to halt nuclear programs in Iran and North Korea , saying it had its own interests at stake . "  Let 's be very clear whose interests are being served by the partnership that Russia and the United States have engaged in on Iran or North Korea , " she said . "  Again , it 's not a favor to the United States . " Russia sent troops and tanks into the breakaway Georgia region of South Ossetia last week after Georgia 's military acted to clamp down on Russian-linked separatists there . Separatists in South Ossetia want independence -- or unification with North Ossetia , which is in Russia . The conflict quickly spread to other parts of Georgia , including Abkhazia , another separatist region . Georgia has been a close U.S. ally , contributing troops to the war in Iraq and seeking to join NATO with Washington 's support . In a CNN interview Wednesday , Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili criticized the United States for not doing more to help his nation . Watch Saakashvili fault the U.S. response " "  America is losing the whole region , and this is the region of eastern and central Europe , " said Saakashvili , who called for the United States and European powers to send peacekeepers to the region . "  This is much bigger than any other place where there is American influence , and this is the most natural allies of America . " But later Wednesday , in an interview with CNN 's "  Situation Room , " Saakashvili seemed to have a change of heart . He said that after speaking with President Bush earlier in the day , he felt "  there will be no compromise at the expense of our territorial integrity . " "  I never accused the United States in the first place of anything , " he said . "  I just said that the Russians mistook some of the statements at certain levels . " Rice defended the administration 's response to the fighting . Watch Bush express support for Georgia 's democracy " "  I do n't think you can have any doubt but that the United States has , from the very beginning , believed that the South Ossetian situation needed to be resolved and resolved peacefully , as we 've been working for months and months and months to do , but that Russia seriously overreached , that Russia engaged in activities that could not possibly be associated simply with the crisis in South Ossetia , " she said . U.S. officials said they warned Saakashvili not to provoke Russia militarily by sending Georgian troops into South Ossetia and they had ruled out any U.S. military action to defend Georgia . Rice spoke after Bush 's announcement that U.S. aircraft and ships would deliver humanitarian aid to victims of the fighting . Bush and Rice warned Russia not to interfere with the delivery of humanitarian aid , noting that Tuesday 's French-brokered cease-fire allows for the delivery of international relief , and expressed concern over reports that Russian units were continuing to advance into Georgian cities despite Tuesday 's cease-fire . Watch Russian tanks move toward Tbilisi " "  We expect Russia to meet its commitment to cease all military activities in Georgia , and we expect all Russian forces that entered Georgia in recent days to withdraw from that country , " Bush said . Rice will travel to France and then head to Tbilisi , Bush said . Next week , Rice will travel to NATO headquarters in Brussels , Belgium . Russia 's move into Georgia came amid a struggle between the United States and Russia for influence within Eastern Europe . From Russia 's point of view , American support for Georgia is a direct threat to its influence . By striking heavily in Georgia , Moscow is sending a signal to other former Soviet republics , such as Ukraine and Moldova , said Sarah Mendelson , the director of the Human Rights and Security Initiative at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington . "  If I were a neighbor of Russia and I saw what Russia had done in Georgia , I would be very nervous , " Mendelson said . "  I think those countries that are leaning toward the West are very nervous today . " CNN 's Zain Verjee contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	NEW : Russian Foreign Minister : U.S. must choose between Russia , Georgia NEW : Rice : Any cease-fire violation would risk Russia 's status as partner NEW : Russian military action in Georgia "  must stop now , " Rice says Bush warns Russia not to interfere with humanitarian shipments
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- While violence decreases across Iraq , women in the war-ravaged country face worsening hardships as warfare has thrust them into the role of family breadwinners , an aid group 's survey said . An Iraqi woman who sells incense and candles to support her children says , "  to work is to preserve your honor . " In a release dated Sunday coinciding with International Women 's Day , Oxfam International issued , "  In Her Own Words : Iraqi Women Talk About Their Greatest Concerns and Challenges . " Many women have been widowed and have had to run their families because their husbands "  had been killed , disappeared , abducted or suffered from mental or physical abuse , " the survey says . As a result , many have been unable to earn a decent living . While there are no precise numbers , there are now an estimated 740,000 widows in Iraq , Oxfam says . "  Women are the forgotten victims of Iraq , " said Oxfam International Executive Director Jeremy Hobbs , in quotes included in the survey . See pictures of women working in Iraq " The survey found that largely because of the conflict in Iraq , 35.5 percent of participants were acting as head of the household and that "  nearly 25 percent had not been married . " "  If this reflects Iraq as a whole , it is the highest rate in the larger region , a result of the loss of men of marrying age as a result of the conflict , " the survey said . Oxfam and its Iraqi partner group Al-Amal Association , conducted the survey in five provinces -- Baghdad , Basra , Tameem , Najaf and Nineveh . Questioners interviewed 1,700 respondents starting last summer . While the survey does n't represent the situation facing all Iraqis , it provides "  a disturbing snapshot of many women 's lives and those of their children and other family members . " "  A quarter of the women interviewed still do not have daily access to water , a third can not send their children to school and , since the war started , over half have been the victim of violence , " Hobbs said . "  And to add further insult more than three-quarters of widows , many of whom lost their husbands to the conflict , get no government pension which they are entitled to . " The report urges Iraq to invest in social welfare essential services . "  A whole generation of Iraqis are at risk . Mothers are being forced to make tough choices , such as whether to pay for their children to go to school and receive health care , or to pay for private power and water services . These are choices no mother should have to make . And they are not only threatening individual families , they are also threatening the future of Iraq itself , " Hobbs said . Here are some of the survey results . • Security and safety are the top concerns of nearly 60 percent of women . • More than 40 percent of respondents said their security situation worsened last year . • 55 percent had been victims of violence since 2003 . • Some 45 percent of women said their income was worse in 2008 than in 2007 and 2006 . • 69 percent said access to water was worse or the same as in in 2006 and 2007 . • 80 percent said access to electricity was more difficult than or the same as in 2007 . • Nearly half of the women said access to quality health care was more difficult in 2008 compared with 2006 and 2007 . • 40 percent of women with children reported that their sons and daughters were not attending school .	An estimated 740,000 widows struggle in new roles as heads of house , survey says Many women do n't have daily access to water and can not send children to school More than 40 percent of respondents said security situation worsened last year Report urges Iraq to invest in essential social welfare services
Rolling Stone  -- Since the 1999 debut of his hit series "  Family Guy , " Seth MacFarlane has been best known for his filthy fiefdom of anarchic , envelope-pushing cartoons . Lately he 's been expanding his empire , hosting "  SNL , " recording a Grammy-nominated album of standards and show tunes , and directing a Hollywood blockbuster , "  Ted , " in which MacFarlane gave voice to a horny , drug-abusing toy bear . His official coronation as a showbiz don came earlier this month , when he was announced as next year 's Oscar host . But the 39-year-old confesses , "  I love a good fart joke . " Seth MacFarlane Tapped to Host 2013 Oscars Why do the Oscars frequently suck , and how will you make them better ? All of them have had redeeming qualities . It 's about finding that balance between doing what I do but acknowledging that this is the Academy Awards , not the roast of Donald Trump . It 's walking that line between old-fashioned showmanship and allowing it to be contemporary with a little bit of bite . Johnny Carson and Billy Crystal are two hosts who walked that line . There 's a moment on "  Family Guy " that 's just Gene Kelly dancing with Stewie -- that 's what we have to achieve , a dance between the traditional and the new . Are you going to write the show with your "  Family Guy " team ? The staff has n't been assembled . But this is not going to be "  Family Guy Meets the Oscars . " Hosts who come in with a specific brand and try to turn the show into the brand , it never works . You have to adapt yourself to the Oscars , not vice versa . For all its success , "  Family Guy " is sometimes dismissed as frat-boy humor . Does that surprise you ? A lot of that comes , I think , from people who have n't actually seen the show . They 're going with what they 've heard . The show itself contains a degree of frat-boy humor -- there are fart jokes , there are shit jokes . But we try to include an equal amount of intelligent humor . If it makes you laugh , what 's wrong with that ? There 's room for both highbrow and lowbrow . ` SNL ' Recap : Frank Ocean , John Mayer and Seth MacFarlane Kick Off New Season Louis C.K. has said he loves "  Family Guy , " but the show has also been mocked by "  The Simpsons " and "  South Park . " Did you ever feel like you were on the outside of some comedy in-crowd ? At one point , that was the case . But the "  Family Guy " crowd and the "  Simpsons " crowd have become friendly over time . I thought the "  South Park " episode making fun of us was funny and accurate . But what I do n't understand is the personal venom that they spew in the press about the show and about me , where it 's not in the context of a joke . That 's a little baffling . They let loose with this vitriol in every interview I read with them . It 'd be interesting to know where it comes from , because I do n't know them . As someone who pokes fun at pieties , what are your thoughts on the "  Innocence of Muslims " video and the riots it provoked ? In all honesty , I glaze over with this stuff because it happens all the time over there . There 's just constant boiling rage -- it 's like , "  What else is new ? " It 's just another round of religious-based fury . It 's like following the presidential race . I 'm yawning . I 'm numb . Review : ` Ted ' You 're rebooting the Carl Sagan science show "  Cosmos . " Do you hope creationists tune in ? Among others . The show does n't have an agenda . It 's going to be educational . Science has become politicized , and that 's an embarrassment . Evolution does n't care whether you believe in it or not , no more than gravity does . I want to rekindle excitement over what we 've achieved as a species with the space program . We ca n't afford to regress back to the days of superstition . Surreal Kurt Cobain Tribute Staged at Art Basel "  Ted " was about a kid who retains a childhood fantasy into adulthood . You 're unmarried , and you make your living in cartoons . Do you feel a bit like an overgrown kid ? Oddly , I do n't relate a lot to that character . I never had a stuffed animal I wished would come to life . The story felt universal enough to resonate . But working in entertainment , you have to retain a degree of childishness . That 's one reason Spielberg has been so successful : He 's been able to maintain that sense of wonder into adulthood . I suppose that makes people like us a little more stunted than everyone else , emotionally . This is from the October 25th , 2012 issue of Rolling Stone . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	MacFarlane has hosted "  SNL , " recorded a Grammy-nominated album and directed "  Ted " MacFarlane : "  You have to adapt yourself to the Oscars , not vice versa " "  I love a good fart joke , " the 39-year-old says
CNN  -- Never bet against Germany . In a world where so much can change so quickly , perhaps it is reassuring that there is one constant which remains . The nation which had ripped Brazil 's dreams to shreds in the semifinals , won its fourth World Cup after a tense 1-0 victory over Argentina Sunday . Mario Gotze 's strike , seven minutes from the end of extra time , ensured Germany ended its 24-year wait for glory at Rio de Janeiro 's Maracana Stadium . For all the doubters who said that no European side would or could ever win the World Cup on South American soil , there was one team which refused to listen . Lazy stereotypes often abound when describing German football . The words ` organized ' , ` ruthless ' or ` machine ' are bandied about along with that other clichÃ © , ` efficient . ' To use those words to describe this German side would not only do it a disservice -- it would ignore the wonderful talent which passes through the veins of each and every player . Germany has long threatened to rule the world . In 2006 , it came close , bowing out at the semifinal stage after a painful defeat by Italy in a tournament held in its own country . Two years later , it was beaten in the final of the European Championships by Spain before the same opposition ended its World Cup dream in South Africa . Bizarre moments from the World Cup final At Euro 2012 , Italy once again was its nemesis as Germany fell at the semifinal stage of Euro 2012 . Nobody doubted Germany 's talent -- but critics said it did not have the ability to get over the winning line . The sight of Bastian Schweinsteiger , bloodied and bruised , provided all the insight you needed into the psyche of this German team . It can do ugly -- but it can do beautiful too . That beauty was there for all to see when Gotze took Andre Schurrle 's cross on his chest and volleyed the ball past the Sergio Romero 's despairing dive . But in Mats Hummels and Jerome Boateng , it has steel , in Schweinsteiger it has a warrior and in Thomas Muller it has a man who can do everything . Few could begrudge Germany this success -- it has been the team of the 2014 World Cup . Germany has thrilled in this tournament . Its 4-0 victory over Portugal was sublime ; its 7-1 thrashing of Brazil was mesmerizing . But this win , secured through guts , fight and a moment of magic from one of its bright new stars showed that Germany overcame the most difficult hurdle of all . With the game deadlocked at 0-0 after 90 minutes , substitute Gotze provided the game 's defining moment with a touch of magic . The Bayern Munich star took Schurrle 's pass on his chest before displaying exquisite technique to volley the ball past Sergio Romero . Argentina , which was beaten by West Germany 1-0 at the 1990 World Cup , rallied briefly but failed to find an equalizer . Even with the mercurial Lionel Messi in attack , Argentina were unable to take the game to penalties -- not that it deserved to . For all the talk of Messi , it was left to another wonderful talent and his left foot to steal the headlines with the decisive goal . At least Brazil could smile once again -- there is not enough beer in the entire country to distract from the prospect of an Argentine party on the Copacabana . Argentina failed to muster a single shot on target during the contest -- and yet it will walk away ruing three wonderful chances to have won the tie . With 20 minutes played , Toni Kroos , so impressive throughout the tournament , inexplicably headed the ball over his own defense for Gonzalo Higuain to run through on goal . The Napoli striker did everything right . He took a touch , allowed the ball to move slightly in front of him and with just Manuel Neuer to beat , then somehow shanked his effort horribly wide . As Higuain stood still in disbelief and his teammates held their heads in their hands , Germany breathed again . For a side so assured in its 7-1 victory over Brazil , Germany were rattled by a couple of team changes -- just before the final and soon after the game had started . Deprived of Sami Khedira through injury after the midfielder suffered an injury just before kickoff , Germany 's shape was disrupted further when replacement Christoph Kramer was forced off following a heavy clash with Ezequiel Garay . As Germany regrouped the South American side constantly looked to use the flanks to exploit a lack of pace in their opponents ' defense . It was from the right flank which Argentina created the move it thought had provided the crucial breakthrough . Ezequiel Lavezzi found space on the right before delivering the perfect cross for Higuain to fire home from close range . As Higuain wheeled away to celebrate and those draped in blue and white danced with joy , the flag of the assistant referee was held aloft after the forward was correctly adjudged to be offside . Germany , having scored seven in its previous game against Brazil , began to wake from its slumber and only a fine save from Romero prevented Kroos ' fierce drive from nestling in the corner . But with just a minute of the first half remaining , Romero was forced to thank the woodwork as Argentina got out of jail in dramatic circumstances . Kroos ' corner dissected the Argentine defense and Benedikt Howedes flew through the air before sending a thunderous header against the post . Forced to play 120 minutes during its semifinal against the Netherlands , Argentina showed little signs of tiredness and made a rapid start to the second half . Once again it was Messi causing problems , this time latching onto Lucas Biglia 's through ball before running clear of the German defense . This was it . This was his moment . The boy from Rosario , the boy who left home at 13 and moved halfway across the world to Barcelona to become the world 's greatest . Destiny beckoned . He 'd been here so many times before . The ball was in his stride , the goalkeeper was advancing , the net was supposed to bulge . But it did n't . Messi dragged his shot wide . Argentine hearts sank , Germans stood relieved , almost open mouthed . Messi looked bewildered . Proof that the world 's best player is human after all . Having seen Argentina contrive to miss two wonderful opportunities , perhaps those in German shirts believed this would be their night . It certainly had chances to win the contest before the end of 90 minutes with Kroos firing wide from 20-yards , while Schurrle failed to control the ball after moving in on goal . With an extra day 's rest following its semifnal victory over Brazil , Schurrle brought out a sharp save from Romero as Germany picked up the tempo . But Argentina remained a threat on the counter attack and substitute Rodrigo Palacio should have done better than hook his effort high and wide after being played through on goal . With tired limbs and minds beginning to show , the pace of the contest slowed with both sets of players struggling to create any kind of chance . Challenges began to fly in with Javier Mascherano fortunate to escape a second yellow card , while Schweinsteiger was left with a blood pouring from his face after a clash with Sergio Aguero . Penalties seemed inevitable . And then it happened . Schurrle , found space down the left and his cross picked out Gotze , who took the ball on his chest before volleying the ball past Romero and into the far corner . It was a goal worthy of winning any World Cup -- a wonderful strike which came with just seven minutes of the contest remaining . Argentina tried to respond but while minds were willing , bodies were not . Messi was anonymous , his final effort from a free kick sailing high into the stand . Those in white turned towards the center circle , the sight of gleaming gold trophy was there for all to see . A campaign which began with the thrashing with Portugal ended with victory over the team which so many had tipped for victory . Perhaps Argentina should have known . Never bet against Germany .	Germany defeats Argentina 1-0 in World Cup final Mario Gotze scored only goal of the game on 113 minutes Contest finished 0-0 after 90 minutes Gonzalo Higuain wasted Argentina 's best opportunity
CNN  -- Many were in diapers , if they were born at all , during Whitney Houston 's heyday in the late 1980s and early 1990s . And yet they still feel a special connection to her -- and , today , share in the heartache of their parents and neighbors by virtue of the fact that they all call northern New Jersey home . Mario Depeine said that students in the public middle school in Newark where he teaches can not stop talking about Houston , adding they are upset that there is no large-scale public memorial at which they can pay their respects . Most were n't alive when she won her first Grammy Award , in 1986 , for best female pop performance for her song "  Saving All My Love For You . " Still , Depeine -- a CNN iReporter -- said the middle-schoolers know Houston 's music through their parents as well as her unique place in Newark lore . "  They know her well , " he said . "  And they realize that she 's really connected to this community . " The legendary singer is hardly the first person born in Newark to make a mark on the world . Comedian Jerry Lewis , musician Paul Simon and poet Allen Ginsberg , among many others , arose from the city of about 275,000 people , situated 10 miles west of New York City . Yet Houston has a special connection because -- according to public leaders , family friends and other residents -- she never forgot her roots in Newark , where she was born , and nearby East Orange , where she moved to as a child . Houston family 's farewell to be private "  It 's very sad because , in reality , she 's a part of here , " said German Racines . "  She is a little piece of Newark . " Pastor Joe Carter from New Hope Baptist Church in Newark , which Houston attended growing up , recalled how she would come sing at some Easter Sunday services even after she 'd made it big . Others recalled fondly how Houston would often return to the area , treating neighbors and fellow church members like family . "  It 's almost like she never left , " said Sharpe James , a former Newark mayor who organized concerts for a young Houston as well as her mother , gospel singer Cissy Houston . "  Here 's a superstar , but you could find her in Newark , at the church . She was everywhere and everything to everyone . " Pride tied to her enormous talents , and her fame , are also part of her appeal in the Garden State . Gov. Chris Christie told reporters Tuesday that he believes Houston belongs in the same class as Frank Sinatra , Count Basie and Bruce Springsteen as far as musical luminaries hailing from New Jersey . To pay tribute , he said he plans to order all flags at government buildings be lowered to half-staff Saturday , the day of her funeral . "  Whitney Houston was an important part of the cultural fabric of this state , " said Christie . "  She was a cultural icon in this state , and her accomplishments in her life were a source of great pride for the people of this state . " For some New Jerseyans , the songstress was an inspiration . That 's particularly true at the Whitney E. Houston Academy of Creative and Performing Arts , a school for pre-kindergarten through eighth grade in East Orange , a few blocks from where the singer spent much of her childhood with her parents and two brothers . Tearful students and staff remembered Houston -- a frequent visitor since the school was named in her honor about 15 years ago -- at a memorial event Monday . In addition to speeches and the release of white balloons , her historic rendition of the national anthem before Super Bowl XXV was replayed . Students told CNN affiliate WCBS afterward that Houston 's successes prove that there 's no limits for a girl from northern New Jersey . "  I think that I can achieve whatever I want , just like she did , " said eighth-grader Hailey Diasallen . CNN 's Maria Santana , Jason Carroll and Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	Whitney Houston was born in Newark in 1963 and later moved to nearby East Orange Local leaders , friends say she never forgot her roots , stopped by her childhood church "  She was everywhere and everything to everyone , " a former Newark mayor says Students at a New Jersey school named after Houston called her an inspiration
CNN  -- President Barack Obama intervened Saturday in Philadelphia 's rail strike , signing an executive order that puts union workers back on the job while they continuing negotiating with a regional transportation authority . The order calls for the creation of a Presidential Emergency Board to mediate the differences between the workers and the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority , putting the roughly 450 employees back to work on Sunday morning . The employees are covered under the Railway Labor Act , which means a federal mediation board may intervene to work with the parties to resolve contract disputes . Under the order , the board has 30 days to make recommendations to end the dispute . Obama issued the order at the request of Gov. Tom Corbett . "  It is imperative that parties continue to work toward an agreement for the benefit of the tens of thousands of people who use SEPTA rail every day , " Corbett said in a written statement . The dispute between the engineers and electrician unions and SEPTA revolves around pay raises and pensions . The strike affected 13 lines that serve the suburbs and the Philadelphia International Airport , officials said . It includes engineers who drive or operate the commuter rail lines , said Jerri Williams , spokeswoman for the transportation Authority . The lines affected carry about 60,000 commuters daily , which is 10 % of the total ridership in the Philadelphia area , she said . "  As long as these workers show up for their regularly scheduled Sunday shifts , regional rail service will be restored to full Sunday operations in the morning , " Williams said . French rail workers extend strike CNN 's Joe Sutton and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Full service expected to be restored Sunday morning , rail authority says Obama signs an executive order to create a board to resolve dispute Strike affected 13 lines serving the suburbs , Philadelphia International Airport Lines carry about 60,000 commuters daily
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Two federal agencies warned consumers Friday not to eat raw Nestle Toll House refrigerated cookie dough . Consumers are advised to throw out all prepackaged , refrigerated Nestle Toll House cookie dough products . The company said it is recalling an estimated 300,000 cases of the dough as a precaution after reports of food-borne illness in 28 states . There are concerns that the premade dough may be contaminated with the bacterium E. coli 0157 : H7 , which causes abdominal cramping , vomiting and diarrhea , the Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said . Young children and the elderly can suffer more serious symptoms . Nestle issued a statement saying , "  While the E. coli strain implicated in this investigation has not been detected in our product , the health and safety of our consumers is paramount , so we are initiating this voluntary recall . " According to Nestle spokeswoman Laurie MacDonald , raw dough was one of the things the sick people reported eating . "  The health and safety of our consumers is our No. 1 priority , " she said . "  We felt the best thing to do is a voluntary recall . " She said the company was informed by the FDA Wednesday night "  and immediately took action . " "  We really want to remind consumers that raw cookie dough should not be eaten , " she said . Since March , the CDC says , 66 people have become sick in 28 states after eating raw cookie dough . Twenty-five people were hospitalized . No one has died . The FDA and the CDC say people who have become sick after eating refrigerated Toll House cookie dough should contact their doctors . They advise consumers to throw out all prepackaged , refrigerated Nestle Toll House cookie dough products . Retailers and restaurateurs should not sell or serve any Toll House cookie dough products , the agencies said . The company said the market share for Nestle Toll House refrigerated cookie dough for the most recent 52-week period was 41 percent . The recall does not include already-baked Toll House cookies , varieties of Toll House morsels , chocolate baking bars or cocoa or Dreyer 's and Edy 's ice cream products with Nestle Toll House cookie dough ingredients .	300,000 cases of Nestle Toll House refrigerated cookie dough being recalled 66 cases of food-borne illness reported in 28 states ; dough is one common link Dough may be contaminated with E. coli , which causes gastric symptoms Nestle : E. coli not detected in product ; recall is safety precaution
London  CNN  -- His ambition was to get a six-pack before he turned 25 years old . With just nine months to go , time was running out . In his quest for a healthier lifestyle , Edwin Broni-Mensah embarked on a grueling fitness regime requiring him to consume four to five liters of water a day . And from this sparked an an idea that could improve access to water not just in the his native UK , but also 4,000 miles away in Ghana . "  Britain has  some of the best water in the world . And yet once you leave your house , you are encouraged to drink it out of a plastic bottle rather than just being able to get free water , " says Broni-Mensah . "  So I thought ` How can I improve on people 's accessibility  in the UK  , get a six pack simultaneously and then help provide that same benefit to people around the world ? " he chuckles The Manchester-based PhD student 's response was to launch GiveMeTap -- a sustainable water scheme where people can buy stainless steel water bottles and refill them using a network of cafes and restaurants across Britain . Using this concept , Broni-Mensah aimed to cut down plastic waste and use the profits from the sale of GiveMeTap water bottles to build water projects in Africa . "  Here is a product and viable service  that can  directly impact the lives of people in Africa where there are some 300 million people without water , " he says . "  People  can save money , reduce the amount of plastic wastage that gets discarded into landfills and ultimately for every bottle that we sell we are able to help another person get access to clean drinking water . " Four years on and Broni-Mensah , now 28 , is as enthusiastic about GiveMeTap as ever . The energetic young entrepreneur has moved his social initiative out of his parents house , down to London 's Google Campus . He now has a dedicated squad working with him . As they work among other aspiring entrepreneurs at the communal startup space , GiveMeTap -- which also relies heavily on award grants and corporate partnerships to provide additional funding for Africa projects -- has now successfully signed up around 300 UK cafes and restaurants . "  We 've won 14 business awards and that has helped us to keep investing , to keep scaling but it 's also about getting the message out to people , " says Broni-Mensah . "  That 's our role we need to grow quickly . " To date , GiveMeTap has been able to build four water projects in Ghana , Malawi and Namibia with another four projects to be constructed in Ghana from December . "  My parents are both Ghanaian so being able to go back to Ghana eight weeks ago was really emotional , " he says . "  It was really important to go back to the places where my dad had grown up and was n't able to get the same benefits  I had  . "  There 's some 3.5 million people in Ghana that do n't have access to clean drinking water . We 're trying to reduce that number in a very focused way at the moment because it helps us learn but it also helps us get a direct impact in a small community . " Broni-Mensah 's heritage is a driving force behind his passion for providing aid to Africa but he stresses that his sustainable water initiative is not a parachute enterprise . While on the ground , the GiveMeTap team elects a local water committee which is in charge of collecting funds to sustain the pumps so that each project is not donor-dependent . "  If something breaks they need to be able to be self-sufficient which is really important , " says Broni-Mensah . "  You see more and more NGO-types that are trying more to empower the people to do things themselves because that 's how you get long-lasting impact . "  I love going back because it 's encouraging for more black people to go back from the diaspora to help African communities . Black people helping black people is an amazing thing . It builds more trust between us as people . " Outside of Africa , Broni-Mensah continues to push the GiveMeTap ethos and build up the free water refill participation network . He hopes to have 1,000 UK-based establishments signed up in addition to branching out internationally . "  We are looking to grow across the whole of the United Kingdom ... once we 've done that ,  move  into European markets and in America . "  Social entrepreneurship is the future where you will see more and more organizations solving a social mission at the core but through a business mechanism . " And in case you were wondering , the young entrepreneur did succeed in getting his six-pack .	Edwin Broni-Mensah launched GiveMeTap -- a free water refill network in the UK The project also sells water bottles , with profits funding water projects in Africa Water projects have so far been constructed in Namibia , Malawi and Ghana
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Thousands of protesters marched along Jakarta 's main thoroughfare to the presidential palace Wednesday , opposing government plans to increase subsidized fuel prices by 33 % . According to police estimates , between 3,000 and 5,000 protestors participated in the largely peaceful march to reject the price hike , which is expected to take effect April 1 . The fuel price hikes have triggered nationwide protests , mostly organized by student organizations and labor unions , the Jakarta Globe reported . In Makasser , capital of South Sulawesi and the largest city in east Indonesia , students clashed with anti-riot police and set a vehicle alight . More protests are expected in the days to come . Shubham Chaudhuri , a World Bank economist in Jakarta , says the government 's plans will try to correct an imbalance in government spending . In 2011 , the government spent 2.2 % of GDP on fuel subsidies "  and 1.5 % of GDP on infrastructure and 1 % of GDP on what we would call social assistance programs , " Chaudhri said yesterday . Indonesia 's parliament has yet to approve the proposal but the government says a rise in fuel prices is necessary on April 1 . The plan was announced last week and comes after global crude oil prices have steadily risen on growing tensions with Iran , rising more than 7 % this year . Workers also marched in a separate protest Wednesday to the Ministry of Health building to demand better health benefits .	Thousands protested government plan to increase in fuel costs in Indonesia A government plan would increase gas prices by 33 % starting April 1
CNN  -- Bill Tilden was a controversial tennis legend who dominated the sport in the 1920s , but died in disgrace . The American achieved fame and fortune through his tennis exploits and befriended Hollywood stars such as Charlie Chaplin , but he spent over a year in jail in the 1940s on a morals charge , which ruined his reputation before his untimely death in 1953 . Tilden won his six straight U.S. Open titles from 1920-1925 , a record since the tournament abolished the challenge system -- where the champion automatically qualified for the final -- in 1911 . Under that system , Richard Sears won the first seven editions of the U.S. Open  then the U.S. National Tennis Championships  in the 1880s . Last year , world No. 1 Roger Federer failed in his bid to match Tilden 's record when he was beaten in the final by Juan Martin Del Potro . Tilden , who claimed his seventh U.S. Open title in 1929 as well as being twice a losing finalist , goes down in the history books as one of the greatest tennis players of all time . A relatively late starter , Tilden struggled to get into his college tennis team in Pennsylvania , but years of dedicated practice started to bear fruit after the First World War as he reached the U.S. Open finals of 1918 and 1919 . He reached his peak in the 1920s , winning his first U.S. Open title and holding the world number one spot for seven straight years . Tilden also led the United States to a record seven straight Davis Cup titles as well as claiming three Wimbledon titles . His famed "  cannonball " serves worked particularly well on the fast grass surfaces on which the U.S. Open and Wimbledon were staged . Tilden never won the French Open , being losing finalist in the last year it was held on grass courts , in 1927 , and 1930 on clay . He won the last of his 10 grand slam titles at Wimbledon in 1930 before deserting the amateur ranks for the fledging professional circuit Eventually joined by the likes of Ellsworth Vines , Fred Perry and Don Budge , Tilden remained a star attraction until well into his 40s , filling arenas such as Madison Square Garden in big-money matches . But off the court , Tilden was a controversial figure , battling with tennis officials as his amateur status was called into question , and he was accused of being arrogant and inconsiderate . Tilden , who never married , saw his reputation destroyed in the 1940s when he was found guilty of a morals charge in connection with a minor . He served seven-and-a-half months of a year 's jail term , but was arrested again in 1949 after picking up a 16-year-old male hitchhiker . Tilden served a further 10 months for his probation violation and was shunned by the tennis community . His friendship with Hollywood stars such as Chaplin and a love of the theatrical world saw Tilden pour much of his riches into less-than-successful Broadway productions . He died a tragic figure in 1953 , having a stroke in Los Angeles as he prepared for a trip to play in the U.S. Pro Championships despite his 60 years of age . Tilden was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 1959 , and in any polls of all-time great tennis players he always features in the top order .	Bill Tilden holds record of six straight U.S. Open crowns , but was a controversial figure Tilden dominated tennis in the 1920s , winning 10 grand slam titles The American legend served two prison sentences on morals charges in the 1940s Tilden was shunned by the tennis community and died at the age of 60
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Pfizer is near a deal to buy rival drugmaker Wyeth for $ 68 billion , according to news reports late Sunday citing people familiar with the deal . Pfizer 's world headquarters is in New York . A deal was imminent and likely to be announced Monday , The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times reported . "  It is our policy not to comment on rumor or speculation , " said Michael Lampe , a Wyeth representative . Pfizer was not immediately available for comment . Pfizer , the world 's leading drugmaker in terms of sales , has been in talks to buy Wyeth . Pfizer 's stock slipped 1 percent on the news Friday , while Wyeth gained about 8 percent . On January 13 Pfizer said it was cutting up to 8 percent of its R&D staff , about 800 jobs . Spokesman Raymond Kerins said that was to "  raise productivity . " But analysts say Pfizer is clearly trying to beef up its drug pipeline through an acquisition , adding that the company seems to have given up on its own R&D staff coming up with a blockbuster to replace Lipitor . This cholesterol-cutting drug peaked in 2006 with nearly $ 13 billion in annual sales but will lose its patent protection in 2011 , when generic versions will become available . Les Funtleyder , pharma analyst for Miller Tabak , said Pfizer is "  not feeling that they 're getting the efficiency out of their R&D unit . " He said Pfizer would probably rather do a deal with Wyeth over other competitors , because there is less overlap in the companies ' pipelines . Funtleyder said Pfizer already has a diabetes franchise , which would overlap with Eli Lilly & Co. and Bristol-Myers Squibb , both of which also focus on diabetes treatments . Pfizer probably has its eyes on Wyeth 's Alzheimer 's drug pipeline , he said . But he cautions that a merger wo n't be a success unless Wyeth 's pipeline is successful , which remains to be seen , he said . "  If Wyeth comes out with an Alzheimer 's drug that works , then the deal works , " he said . Pfizer is probably also focused on Wyeth 's blockbuster children 's vaccine Prevnar , as well as its experimental biotech drugs , said Michael Krensavage of Krensavage Asset Management . Sales of Prevnar , which combats meningitis and blood infections , jumped 12 percent in the first nine months of 2008 compared with the same period the prior year , to $ 2.1 billion . If a deal does go through , Funtleyder warns , Wyeth staffers should brace for layoffs . "  I can say with pretty good confidence that this is going to lead to some head count reduction , " he said .	"  It is our policy not to comment on rumor or speculation , " Wyeth rep says Pfizer was not immediately available for comment Pfizer said this month it was cutting up to 8 percent , or 800 jobs , of its R&D staff
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Russia asserted its diplomatic and military muscle Saturday as tensions remained high ahead of a vote on secession in Crimea . About 60 Russian troops in six helicopters and three armored vehicles reportedly crossed into Ukraine 's Kherson region and were in the town of Strilkove , on a strip of land just northeast of Crimea . The State Border Guard Service of Ukraine said the Russian troops were on the ground and the Ukrainian guards had taken defensive positions . The region is key to neighboring Crimea , because it gets electricity , freshwater and natural gas from there . The Russians said they were in Kherson to prevent a possible terrorist attack on oil assets in the area , according to the Ukrainian border guards . CNN team in Crimea : This is a McMoment to remember Ukraine 's foreign ministry termed the move a "  military invasion " and called on Russia to withdraw its forces . Also Saturday , Russia wielded it 's veto power as a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council against a U.S. draft resolution that declared Sunday 's Crimea referendum invalid . Thirteen of the 15 Security Council members backed the resolution , while China abstained . "  The reason only one country voted ` no ' today is that the world believes that international borders are more than mere suggestions , " said U.S. Ambassador Samantha Power after the vote . Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin argued that Crimean citizens had a right to self-determination . What happens next in Crimea ? Blue white and red Russian flags dominate the streets of the coastal Crimean town of Sevastopol , where concerts on the main square have been celebrating the return to the "  motherland " this past week . "  Everybody believes the results are already rigged , " said CNN iReporter Maia Mikhaluk from Kiev . "  People are concerned what is going to happen after the referendum , " she said . "  People are concerned that the Russian army will use force , guns to push  the  Ukrainian army from Crimea . " The referendum will present Crimean residents with the choice of whether to secede from Ukraine and join Russia or effectively become independent . Ukraine 's acting foreign minister , Andrii Deshchytsia , repeated Saturday the interim government 's position that the referendum is illegitimate and will not be recognized by Kiev or the international community . Ukraine is engaged in a "  diplomatic war " with Russia , he said , but is looking for a peaceful resolution to the crisis in Crimea . It will not respond to Russian "  provocations , " he said . Russia -- which the West and Ukraine insist has the majority ethnic Russian Crimean peninsula under its effective military control -- has come under concerted international pressure to halt its activities there and talk to the interim government in Kiev . But , so far , it has refused to budge . Moscow has repeatedly denied direct involvement in Crimea , saying that the well-armed men in uniforms without identifying insignia are not Russian troops . Protests for both sides In the eastern Ukraine city of Donetsk , thousands of pro-Russia demonstrators rallied beneath a towering statue of Soviet revolutionary Vladimir Lenin in the city 's main square . They waved Russian flags and red flags emblazoned with the iconic image of Argentinian Marxist revolutionary Che Guevara . There was not a single Ukraine flag to be seen , according to a CNN team on the ground . "  They are frightened , " said local journalist Denis Kazansky of pro-Ukraine protesters . "  They will not come out and demonstrate . " A man was fatally stabbed and at least 10 others were injured in clashes in Donetsk on Thursday . Russia blamed "  right-wing radical groups " for the violence , while Ukrainian authorities suggested it was linked to Russian citizens who want to escalate tensions in Ukraine . Many people living in Ukraine 's eastern region , along the Ukraine-Russia border , identify more with Russia than with Ukraine . Saturday , protesters also took to the streets in the Russian capital , Moscow . State news agency Itar-Tass , citing Moscow police , said some 15,000 turned out for a rally in support of the referendum in Crimea , while about 3,000 marched in protest against attempts to reunite Crimea with Russia . The Black Sea peninsula was part of Russia until Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev gave it to Ukraine in 1954 . Ukraine was then part of the Soviet Union . But Russia maintains its Black Sea Fleet in Crimea . Opinion : Can West make Putin blink ? Lavrov : No "  common vision " Despite U.S. warnings of "  costs " for Russia if the vote goes ahead , Moscow has refused to budge on the crisis . Lengthy talks between U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and his Russian counterpart , Sergey Lavrov , in London on Friday resulted in little more than an acknowledgment of the gap between them . As Lavrov said , "  We do n't have a common vision . " Meanwhile , thousands of Russian troops continued a large-scale military drill near the Ukraine border . On the same day , armored trucks toting long-range guns and other military equipment rumbled through northern Crimea . At least one of the vehicles seen by CNN had Russian license plates . Already , eight Ukrainian military units in Crimea have been taken over , 22 others are blocked , and 49 of 56 border patrol stations are in similar straits , Ukraine 's foreign ministry said . Kiev 's new Western-leaning government , which came to power following the ouster of President Viktor Yanukovych , has insisted that Ukraine 's territorial integrity , including Crimea , must be respected . Moscow has insisted it has the right to protect ethnic Russians in Ukraine , who it claims are threatened by radical nationalists and "  fascists . " Opinion : Europe must check the Putin doctrine Dispute continues Estonia 's defense minister , Urmas Reinsalu , said Friday that Ukraine is on the verge of a full-scale military conflict unless Russian President Vladimir Putin 's hand is forced . "  It is clear that we are at a crossroads , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said . "  If positions continue to harden and rhetoric continues to sharpen , there is great risk of a dangerous downward spiral . " Russia so far has refused to engage in direct talks with Ukraine 's new leaders , although Lavrov said some communication continues with the interim government in Kiev . Moscow has also denied any direct involvement in Crimea , saying what 's happening in the Black Sea peninsula is an internal matter . Russia has a major naval base in the Crimean port city of Sevastopol , and thousands of its troops are stationed there . Map : Why the EU and U.S. are out of step on Russia sanctions Sanctions warning European nations and the United States have announced some targeted punishments against Russia in addition to offers of billions in aid to Ukraine 's fledgling government . Russia has seen steep declines in its stock market and the value of the ruble in recent days . The State Department has cautioned Americans about traveling to Russia given "  the possibility of violence or anti-U.S. actions directed against U.S. citizens or U.S. interests . " Kerry warned Friday that the "  consequences " will be far more stringent should Putin sign off on the "  back-door annexation " of Crimea . Lawmakers in Moscow are due to vote next Friday on accepting Crimea into the Russian Federation should there be a "  yes " vote in the referendum . At the same time , Kerry opened the door for less strident measures should Russia opt not to take in Crimea -- whatever the referendum says -- and instead go along with greater autonomy . Crimea : Echoes of history on road to Yalta CNN 's Ivan Watson reported from Kiev and Diana Magnay from Crimea , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . CNN 's Kellie Morgan contributed from Donetsk and Tim Schwarz from Kiev . CNN 's Richard Roth , Susanna Capelouto , Yon Pomrenze , Azad Safarov , Alex Felton , Phil Gast and Greg Botelho also contributed .	Ukraine says Russian troops on its soil in region that controls natural gas , water to Crimea Russians reportedly say they are there to prevent terrorist attacks on oil assets Russia vetoes resolution declaring Crimea referendum invalid Thousands of protesters rally in Ukraine and Moscow ahead of Sunday referendum
CNN  -- The eye of the Tiger will be on Lindsey Vonn as she continues the road to recovery -- and to the Winter Olympics -- Saturday . The American skier will have the support of golf star Tiger Woods as she competes in the downhill World Cup race at the French ski resort of Val d'Isere . Vonn made a successful return to racing earlier this month after undergoing reconstructive surgery on her right knee , an injury that was aggravated again in a training run in November . The 29-year-old had a best finish of fifth at Canada 's Lake Louise course but hopes to make further progress on the French snow . For his part , Woods explained in a blog on his official website that he had decided to pack up his golf clubs for now and play a cheerleading role . "  I 'm going to put my clubs away for a while to spend more time with my kids and support my girlfriend Lindsey Vonn as she tries to prepare for the Sochi Olympics , " the 14-time major winner said . "  Having experienced reconstructive surgery on my knee , it 's really hard to explain to anybody unless you 've been through it . "  I 've had my share of experiences in that regard -- unfortunately -- but I think it helps her in a sense because she can bounce ideas off me about what to expect . "  We see our sports through the same looking glass in how we approach them . We both work very hard and are prepared for our seasons . "  And when we 're ready to go , we give it everything we possibly have and there 's no holding back . I think that 's some of our commonalities . "  But she has to be way more aggressive in her sport than I have to be in mine . You 're trying to make your way down a mountain at 80-plus mph , and you have to have the adrenaline and the aggressiveness to do it . "  For me , I 'm trying to tone everything down mentally . " Woods and Vonn went public with their relationship in March and , although their one-year anniversary is approaching , the pair have their fingers crossed that they will be celebrating another landmark before then . Vonn is the Olympic downhill champion and wants to be fit enough to defend her title at the Winter Olympics which take place in the Russian resort of Sochi in February . "  As far as Lindsey competing in Sochi , we 're very hopeful , " Woods commented . "  It all depends on how that knee is ... "	Lindsey Vonn continues her comeback in downhill race at Val d'Isere Tiger Woods says he is taking a break from golf to support his girlfriend 's comeback The golfer says of Vonn : "  We see our sports through the same looking glass . " Vonn hopes to defend her Olympic title at the 2014 Winter Games
New York  CNN  -- It was dog , gone . That 's what happened to an English springer spaniel named Hendrix that was scheduled to fly from Newark to Phoenix this week and was put on the wrong flight -- to Ireland . Six-year-old Hendrix was traveling in cargo on United Airlines on Thursday when he was put on the wrong flight , United spokeswoman Megan McCarthy said Friday . When the airline realized the dog had been put on the wrong flight , immediate steps were taken to return Hendrix to his owner , she said . The first word owner Edith Albach got about the mix-up was in a phone call from the airline 10 minutes before the flight Hendrix was supposed to be on landed in Phoenix . "  I felt like somebody punched me in the stomach . I mean , that 's my dog . That 's like my child , " Albach said . While on the unexpected detour , Hendrix was walked and fed by United staff , and he was able to spend time with his owner when he returned to Newark before departing for his original destination of Phoenix , McCarthy said . Hendrix landed safely in Phoenix Friday night , affiliate KNXV reported . Albach 's daughter Meredith Grant was there to let the very excited spaniel out of the kennel upon landing . "  When my mom called me I was like ` my dog got sent to frickin Ireland ? How Ireland ? Not even like he went to Florida ... he 's in Ireland , ' " she told KNXV . United apologized and offered a full refund , Albach said . But she says she is n't so sure Hendrix will be flying again anytime soon . "  I was n't even looking for a refund . I just wanted somebody to say we screwed up , " she said . "  That 's not what they said . " Grant is happy to have her dog back , but wants United to punish the person responsible . "  They should not have their job anymore , I mean , he 's been on a plane for 24 hours . " Meredith 's father Joe felt helpless for his family during the ordeal . "  What do you say , except , ' I hope he gets some Guinness and corned beef and cabbage , ' " he told KNXV . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Jake Carpenter , and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Hendrix , a 6-year-old dog , was put on the wrong flight in Newark , United Airlines says The dog was supposed to fly to Phoenix and ended up instead in Shannon , Ireland United 's staff walked and fed the dog until he was reunited with his owner , the airline says
CNN  -- Rooftop glamping has recently taken New York by storm . This year , visitors to the Big Apple can spend the night in a bed on the roof of the AKA Central Park , and guests at Manhattan 's Affinia Gardens hotel can spend the night in a tent on one of the hotel 's terraces , with flashlights and a smores-making kit thrown in . There are other weird camping experiences around the world . Camping Vliegenbos , Amsterdam Part campsite , part art project , the Camping Vliegenbos campsite allows visitors to spend the night inside a wooden cube , a suspended dome or a camper that folds out to become a garden -- complete with stuffed badger and artificial trees . Located in a peaceful forest setting , the campsite is the work of Dutch artists Annette Van Driel and Francis Nijenhuis . The campsite closes in late October . Camping Vliegenbos , Meeuwenlaan 138 , Amsterdam , +31 20636 8855 ; from $ 10 per night Otro Mundo , Sierra De Segura , Spain The cozy little domes at Otro Mundo are ideal for those who want to surround themselves with nature but do n't want to spend half their vacation struggling with tent poles and guy ropes . Located in a remote corner of rural Spain , Otro Mundo 's igloo-like eco-pods , which can sleep up to five people , are fully furnished and have solar-heated showers and composting toilets . It 's a good location for hikers and mountain bikers and the entire campsite is run on solar energy . Otro Mundo , Sierra Del Segura , Spain ; +31 61436 0523 ; from $ 80 per night Carré d'étoiles , Champagne , France If you 've had your fill of yurts and bell tents , the next step is the wooden micro-house . Carré d'étoiles ' beautiful , small wooden cubes sleep up to four people . Glass ceilings , a telescope and sky chart help guests do some stargazing . There 's also a tiny kitchenette , television and toilet . Carré d'étoiles , Square-Star Champagne , Rue des Varennes , 10200 Bar Sur Aube , France ; +33 24877 5931 ; from $ 399 for a two-night stay Wilson Island , Queensland , Australia Wilson Island on Australia 's Great Barrier Reef offers an unusual glamping experience . The tiny island , which must be rented in its entirety , has just six two-person tents , all of which come with private hammocks and raised timber floors . There 's even a daily housekeeping service . Guests need to stock up on supplies -- the closest island is  significantly larger  Heron Island , 45 minutes away . Wilson Island , Queensland , Australia ; +61 3 9426 7550 ; from $ 10,186 per two-night stay More : Glamping : 7 luxurious , sustainable camping sites Rivendell Glamping Pods , Cornwall , UK Lord of the Rings fan will enjoy these Hobbit-inspired pods , which offer nice views over the Tamar Valley . There 's a double bed and two single beds . A separate washing pod contains a sink , shower cubicle and toilet . The pods are located on a working farm so there are animals to check out . The surfing town of Bude is a few miles away . Rivendell Glamping Pods , Bude , Cornwall , UK , +44 1326 555 555 ; from $ 15 per person per night Red Kite Tree Tents , Powys , Wales The Red Kite Tree Tents are canvas domes suspended from trees . Despite their size , they 're large enough to accommodate two adults and there 's even room for a wood-burning stove . The tents have electric lighting and are fully insulated for year-round camping . Red Kite Tree Tents , Builth Wells , Powys , Wales ; +44 1865 764 087 ; from $ 464 for a three-night stay More : 7 secular pilgrimages that could change your life Human Nest , Treebones Resort , Big Sur , California There are several camping options for visitors to the Treebones Resort in Big Sur , including pre-erected tents and yurts . But the highlight is the Human Nest -- an enormous woven-wood nest built by a local artist that provides stunning views over Big Sur . The nest is accessed by ladder and can accommodate two people . Treebones Resort , 71895 California 1 Big Sur , California ; +1 805 927 2390 ; from $ 220 for a two-night stay Raft Camping , Limburg , Belgium These 129-square-foot "  raft tents " are comfortable but basic -- campers bring their own sleeping equipment but garbage bins , gas lights , camp stoves and camp chairs are provided . Each camping raft comes with its own canoe so guests can explore the river setting . Raft Camping , Maascentre De Wissen , Limburg , Belgium ; +31 16750 2621 ; from $ 133 for a two-night stay More : 15 beautiful vineyard stays Hüttenpalast , Berlin , Germany Visitors to the Hüttenpalast get a selection of fully furnished wooden huts and retro campers -- all under one roof . The most popular include the circus wagon-style Heartbreaker  beautiful wooden interior  and the small but chic Little Sister caravan , with mosaic-inspired decor . The whole thing is housed inside a former vacuum cleaner factory , Huettenpalast , Hobrechtstraße 66 , 12047 Berlin ; +49 30373 05806 ; from $ 73 per night Maison Bulles , Pont-Saint-Esprit , France These small , transparent bubbles comfortably sleep two people and each has its own outdoor deck area , complete with telescope and star map . A separate building houses showers and toilets . There 's no lighting , but guests are given flashlights . Maisons Bulles , 30 130 Pont-Saint-Esprit , France ; +33 95079 5823 ; from $ 160 per night More : 5 awesome U.S. food trucks worth chasing Airstream Rooftop Trailer Park , Cape Town , South Africa The roof of this Cape Town hotel is home to seven Airstream Trailers . The trailers are all themed and have flourishes , such as vintage mailboxes . The interior of the Dorothy trailer is covered floor-to-ceiling in polka dots  some open to reveal tiny storage spaces  and the Goldilocks trailer has comfy armchairs , tiny cups and saucers and a bear suit . The interiors of the trailers were created by local artists and other themes include Afro-Funk , Pleasantville and Wizard of Oz . Airstream Rooftop Trailer Park , 38 Long Street , Cape Town , South Africa ; +27 21 424 7247 ; from $ 142 per night Livingstone Lodge , Kent , UK The year 2013 marks the 200th anniversary of the birth of explorer David Livingstone , who mapped large parts of Africa . That makes it a good time to visit Livingstone Lodge at the Port Lympne Wild Animal Park . This is one of the few places in the UK where you 'll be awaken by a lion 's roar . Located within the safari park 's grounds , the lodge has 10 safari-style tents , all of which overlook the watering hole used by the park 's zebra , giraffes and rhino . Two of the tents have four-poster beds . Livingstone Lodge , Port Lympne Wild Animal Park , Lympne , Kent , UK ; +44 844 842 4647 ; from $ 202 per person per night More : World 's 15 most expensive hotel suites Dream Domes , New Brunswick , Canada The Dream Domes are New Brunswick 's first foray into glamping . The semi-transparent domes offer guests spectacular views of the surrounding forest and have large terraces with wood-fired hot tubs . Inside , there 's a king-size bed , kitchenette and bathroom . The Dream Domes overlook the Kingston Creek area located deep within the woods of the Kingston Peninsula . Dream Domes , 86 Old Reach Road , Kingston , New Brunswick , Canada ; +1 506 763 2617 ; from $ 290 for a two-night stay	Wilson Island , Australia , has just six tents available to rent Human Nest in United States gives guests a chance to sleep like a bird Hüttenpalast in Germany brings the camping experience indoors
Hardcore Italian football "  ultra " Federico is a Lazio supporter who happily admits directing monkey chants at black players . It is "  a means to distract opposition players " says Federico , a member of the Irriducibili  "  The Unbeatables "  group which follows the Rome-based team . "  I am against anyone who calls me a Nazi , " Federico told academic Alberto Testa , who spent time "  embedded " with Lazio and Roma ultras for the book "  Football , Fascism and Fandom : The UltraS of Italian Football , " co-authored by Gary Armstrong . "  What I do not like is people who come to my country and commit crimes ; Albanians and Romanians are destroying Rome with their camps , " Federico adds . "  But I 'm not a racist . One day , I was waiting in my car at the traffic lights and , as usual , there was a young female gypsy who was trying to clean the car windscreen and was asking for money . "  Suddenly municipal police officers started to mistreat the girl . I jumped out of my car and almost kicked his arse . I hate injustice . " There is nothing black and white about Italian football . Racist abuse has provided the backdrop to the Serie A season , with the latest incident -- not for the first time -- involving AC Milan striker Mario Balotelli , who was targeted by visiting Roma fans throughout a match at the San Siro Stadium in May . In the second half referee Gianluca Rocchi called the game to a halt for a few minutes , having warned the crowd via the public address system . Days after his return to Serie A earlier in 2013 , following his move from Manchester City to AC Milan , Italy-born Balotelli was referred to by his new club 's vice president Paulo Berlusconi -- the younger brother of the team 's owner and the former Italian prime minister , Silvio Berlusconi -- as "  the family 's little black boy . " That remark came after , in what appeared to be an innocuous friendly match against fourth tier Italian side Pro Patria last month , Milan midfielder Kevin-Prince Boateng picked up the ball and kicked it into the stands before tearing off his black-and-red striped shirt and walking off in protest at the persistent monkey chanting to which he and three of his black teammates had been subjected . In the aftermath of Boateng 's walkout , Italian interior minister Annamaria Cancellieri told Radio 24 that if only a small group of fans were involved in racist chanting , games should not be suspended , but if "  a significant part of the fans take part " the game should be stopped "  by those responsible for public order . " As Italy grapples with how best to confront racism , it is worth remembering it 's not the only country working out a solution as to how to deal with the problem . Neo-Nazis and neo-Fascists This season , matches across Europe have been punctuated by repeated racist outbursts , which have led to calls for world governing body FIFA and European counterpart UEFA to show greater leadership and impose harsher sanctions . Amid the monkey chants and racial stereotyping , there are no easy answers to the question of just how prevalent is the incidence of racist abuse in Italian football . According to the Italian Football Federation  FIGC  in Feburary , there have been 50 incidents in Italy of racist abuse over the last six years . Of those 50 cases , 48 relate to racist chanting , with two relating to abusive banners . "  And the total of violent episodes diminished from 209 to 60 and the majority of them happened outside the football venues , " FIGC spokesman Diego Antenozio told CNN . "  The introduction of stewarding has also reduced the need of intervention by police officers inside the venues significantly . " However , talk to the head of Italy 's Observatory on Racism and Anti-racism in Football , Mauro Valeri , who has been monitoring racism in Italian football for over a decade , and a different picture emerges . His organization estimates there have been over 660 racial incidents since 2000 and puts the number since 2007 at 282 , nearly six times as much as the FIGC figure . In all , fines of $ 5 million have been handed out as punishment in those 660-plus cases , equating to a fine of $ 7,500 per incident . "  The numbers I record relate to the decision that the judge takes in the sports court and lays down fines and any disqualifications . The FIGC figures concern the criminal law , " said Valeri . "  So in the Boateng case the sports court ruled that Pro Patria had to play the game ... ` behind closed doors ' and were fined $ 6,689 . "  But the ordinary court -- the criminal law -- has instead decided that those songs were not racist . For me it 's racism , for the Ministry of the Interior , no . " Valeri added : "  In Italy , no club has a real anti-racist strategy , because it believes the fight against racism is not a priority . "  Since the early 1990s , many curves of the stadium have been occupied by neo-Nazi and neo-Fascist groups , but this problem has been addressed only as a problem of public order . " That is a view that is supported by Italian football writer Charles Ducksbury , a fan of Verona , who added : "  The ultra still , and always will hold all the power at clubs . They choose what is sung , what everyone does and how they do it . "  Stewards and police hardly ever enter the curve as they would most likely get beaten up . Ultras say if the authorities stay out the curve , there wo n't be any problems . Almost all trouble happens outside the ground anyway , so that 's where police tend to hang around . " Time warp While Boateng walked off , former Netherlands international Edgar Davids , who played for both AC Milan and Inter Milan as well as Juventus , said he felt it was important to show that racist abuse did not affect him as a player during the many years of his career he spent in Italy . "  You would have a problem in certain areas , " Davids told CNN . "  But you are a professional , you have an obligation to your team . My opinion was I 'm a professional and the smartest way is to play so good that you make them even angrier . "  It is also about ignorance , a fear of the unknown . If you are interested in different cultures , it 's normal . "  If you 're not , you do n't understand that concept . It is not only in Italy and it is not the whole of Italy . It was only certain teams you played , but 80-90 % I did n't have a problem in Italy , " added Davids , though Valeri 's analysis suggests the problem is much more widespread . If football , race and politics make for a combustible mix in Italy , it is also arguable that the standard of the country 's stadia is not helping . While English football was forced to grapple with extensive stadium renovation to improve facilities for fans due to recommendations made by Lord Justice Taylor after the deadly crowd disasters at Hillsborough and Heysel in the 1980s , Italian football was left in a time warp . "  I really do n't believe that Italian football has learned the lessons of Heysel and Hillsborough , or at least has n't implemented any tangible changes at anything like the pace required , " said another Italian football writer Adam Digby . "  While the Taylor report and formation of the Premier League put English football at the forefront of fan safety and gave it ultra-modern stadia almost throughout the league , Serie A still plays host to a number of ancient , decrepit grounds . "  Many are still those built for Italia '90 with places such as Verona 's Bentegodi and the San Paolo in Naples particularly poor on both counts . "  The problems extend to a lack of quality stewarding and lax ticket security while the ultras bring even greater problems to the situation . " Owen Neilson , who is writing a book about Italian football stadia -- "  Stadio : The Life and Death of Italian Football " -- concurs that the lack of stadium redevelopment has held back Italian football . Of Serie A 's big clubs , only Juventus has built a new stadium , he notes . "  The modernity of the stadia is the central issue to declining attendances -- families do not want to sit in the cold , unfriendly surroundings , " said Neilson . "  In my opinion the league needs to harness to new stadiums to help maximize Serie A 's re-emergence . " So what 's the solution ? "  The FIGC makes a relevant anti-racism activity both in the national and international domain according to the UEFA policy and guidelines , and is member of anti-discrimination organization Football against Racism in Europe , " said the Italian Football Federation in its statement to CNN . "  Specific guidelines are part of National License Club System 's requirements , as are the anti-racism initiatives that are made through FIGC Youth & School Department to involve 860,000 young footballers . " But as Italian historian John Foot , author of the authoritative book on Italian football "  Calcio " points out : "  The Italian authorities have been all over the place on racism for a long time . " Racist chants Valeri , meanwhile , urged the FIGC to donate the racism fines it recoups from the clubs for initiatives against racism , as does UEFA in its work with FARE . "  Any solution has to revolve around the football authorities , " added Professor Clifford Stott , who has advised governments and police forces internationally on crowd management policy and practice . Stott calls on FIFA and UEFA to do more . "  The FIGC , FIFA and UEFA must empower fan-based initiatives that are capable of creating a culture of self-regulation . The anti-racism agenda has come a long way in the last decades . "  By walking off Kevin-Prince and his fellow players have forced the agenda . The high-level political support for his action now means this might happen again , but this time during a much higher profile game -- perhaps even in the Champions League . The authorities have to react to this potential . " But Stott also warned against an indiscriminate reaction by the authorities . "  We have learned a great deal about crowd management since the Heysel disaster , and there must be recognition that it is not appropriate or constructive to sanction whole crowds , " he said . "  The approach to security must be capable of differentiating between those fans that are acting illegally and those fans that are not . Failure to recognize this and to react indiscriminately runs a very real danger of escalating not reducing the problems . "	Racism in Italian football is a complex issue , highlighting different attitudes "  Ultra " fan groups admit targeting their clubs ' black opponents with racial abuse Anti-racism group says official figures about racist incidents are not accurate Academic urges football authorities to take stronger action against racist offenders
CNN  -- For some families , like the Kennedys , the Bushes and the Roosevelts , politics runs in the blood . But as history shows , coming from a powerful political family does n't mean a free ride to the top . George and Jeb Bush are the only sons of a president to make it to the governor 's mansion . "  It does help , and it hurts . It 's a two-edged sword , " said Doug Wead , a presidential historian and former adviser to President George H.W. Bush . "  It initially helps the candidate with name recognition and more importantly with fundraising ... but many vote against the child as well . " The children of political families inherit a treasure chest of contacts , campaign workers and often endorsements , but the benefits have their limits . Only two presidential sons have followed their fathers to the White House  John Quincy Adams and George W. Bush  , and just one presidential family -- the Bushes -- has sent sons to the governor 's mansion  Jeb Bush in Florida and George Bush in Texas  . "  I conclude that a brand name -- a famous family name -- is typically worth one step up on the political ladder , " said Stephen Hess , a senior fellow emeritus in governance studies at the Brookings Institution , who has researched and written about political dynasties dating back to colonial times . "  They get one step up -- and they are on their own . " Franklin D. Roosevelt , for example , had two sons make it to Congress , but both failed in their gubernatorial bids . "  In both cases , then they were on their own . As they tried to step up to one higher level , both of them were defeated , " noted Hess , who served as a staffer of the Eisenhower and Nixon administrations and as an adviser to Presidents Ford and Carter . Among some other high-profile names whose political aspirations came up short , William Taft 's son Charles , who was the mayor of Cincinnati , Ohio , lost his bid to be the governor of the state ; his other son -- Sen. Robert Taft -- tried three times without success to win the Republican nomination for president .  Robert Taft 's son served in Congress , and his grandson served as the governor of Ohio for two terms  . President Reagan 's daughter Maureen failed in her run for a California Senate seat , and the son of Hubert Humphrey -- a former vice president and Democratic presidential nominee -- was defeated in Minnesota 's 1998 gubernatorial election , losing to third party candidate and ex-wrestler Jesse Ventura . Sometimes , the public wants a candidate to lose an election or two , "  just to let them know that they can not be taken for granted , " said Wead , author of the 2004 book "  All the Presidents ' Children : Triumph and Tragedy in the Lives of America 's First Families . " In 1997 , then-Rep . Joe Kennedy II , son of New York Sen. Robert Kennedy and nephew of President John F. Kennedy , bailed out of the Massachusetts gubernatorial race . Kennedy had never formally announced his candidacy , but he had been considered the front-runner before a string of bad headlines caught up with him . "  Joe Kennedy backed down when he saw the polls and saw that the media was n't going to give him a free ride on his personal life , " Wead said . Kennedy 's older sister , Kathleen Kennedy Townsend , failed in her attempt to move from lieutenant governor of Maryland to governor , even though registered Democrats outnumbered Republicans 2-1 , Wead said . Outside of the White House , familial ties are often beneficial to candidates who stay close to home -- in the same state , if not in the same congressional district . In New Jersey , four members of the Frelinghuysen family have served in Congress , dating back to the late 1700s , and in Wisconsin , the La Follette family has produced generations of congressmen and governors . In the case of Rand Paul , who is seeking one of Kentucky 's Senate seats , being the son of Texas Rep. Ron Paul probably wo n't have much impact on his chances , based on Hess 's observations . "  This thing is off the board in that regard , " said Hess , noting that Rand Paul is not even in the same state , much less district , as his father . "  I ca n't imagine that Ron Paul , a sort of maverick congressman from Texas , should make a lot of difference in his son 's race . " For those who do make it into office , winning an election can turn into more of a burden than a boon , because with a recognizable name comes a legacy -- and the pressure to defend it . John Van Buren was widely considered a better speaker , debater , fundraiser and politician than his father , Martin Van Buren , who served as the eighth president of the United States . John Van Buren won a seat in the House of Representatives the same year his father lost his re-election bid . But , Wead noted , once he got to the floor of the House , he resurrected old battles in an attempt to restore his father 's legacy and failed to develop his own political identity . More recently , when George W. Bush took office , "  he fought his father 's old battles literally , " Wead said . Faced with complaints that his father , George H.W. Bush , reneged on his tax pledge and failed to bring an end to Saddam Hussein 's regime in Iraq , "  the son tied all the loose ends and cleaned the slate , but at a great cost , " Wead said . Some observers argue that George W. Bush has so damaged the family brand that if Jeb Bush -- who was wildly popular as a two-term governor -- were to consider a presidential run , he 'd have to change his last name . But Wead does n't see it that way . "  It does n't matter how much in disgrace the Bush family name may be for the moment -- they are a huge money-making machine . " "  I think the family really knows that the thing the people hate , tomorrow they can love , " he added . That was the case with the Adamses , the only other family to yield a father-son presidential duo , Wead said . "  People would suddenly look with nostalgia at an administration that they hated . That can happen . It happened with the Adams , " Wead said . "  Exactly that . "	Coming from a big political name "  does help , and it hurts , " Doug Wead says Family name is "  worth one step up on the political ladder , " Stephen Hess says The pressure to defend a legacy can stifle a political career , Wead says Even if a name is disgraced today , its image can be restored tomorrow , Wead says
CNN  -- One person was killed and four police officers were wounded Saturday when police in Brazil traded fire with gunmen who fled into a luxury hotel and took people hostage , police said . The incident occurred around the Intercontinental Hotel in Rio de Janeiro , where gunmen kept 35 people hostage . Ten people have been arrested , and the hostages were freed , police said . Police identified the deceased as 41-year-old Adriana Duarte de Oliveira dos Santos , who was wanted in connection with drug dealing . Police said the incident began outside the hotel when they "  intercepted " at least 40 people who they believe have drug-dealing connections . The gunmen were in vans , motorcycles and cars and wielded rifles and guns . Police exchanged fire with the gunmen for about 20 minutes . An unknown number of gunmen fled into the hotel , where they took people hostage . The gunmen kept the hostages in a kitchen as police surrounded the area , negotiated with the hostage-takers and ended the siege . Police searched the hotel for other gunmen but could n't find any . CNN 's Luciani Gomes contributed to this report .	NEW : Police identify shooting victim The confrontation started outside a luxury hotel in Rio More than three dozen people were briefly taken hostage Four police officers were injured
New York  CNN  -- An "  all-clear " was given at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport Wednesday night after a DHL cargo facility there was evacuated following the discovery of a suspicious package , authorities said . The package originated from Yemen -- the source of last week 's thwarted bomb plot -- said New York Police Department Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne . The package was an envelope containing a cell phone and paperwork , Browne said . Investigators said they were looking at a "  solid mass " in the package at JFK that showed up on an X-ray and was inconsistent with what they had been told were documents in the package . The package was addressed to a New York destination , a law enforcement source said . "  The bomb squad was called in to check it out , " the NYPD 's Browne said . "  It was cleared . " The package was discovered at 6:30 p.m. ET Wednesday , an official said . FBI agents , Port Authority police and U.S. Customs and Border Protection had inspected the package "  out of an abundance of caution , " New York FBI spokesman Rich Kolko said . "  All clear . DHL got their signals crossed , " John Kelly , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , told CNN . "  All is well and over . " A DHL spokeswoman , Beatrice Garcia , confirmed some information about the suspicious package but rejected the Port Authority 's statement about the delivery company getting its signals crossed . Senior law enforcement officials said the package was one of the more than a dozen packages from Yemen that investigators had been looking for since Friday . At least seven other packages from that batch have been cleared by U.S. officials . Earlier Wednesday , the head of the U.S. Transportation Security Administration visited Yemen , five days after authorities disrupted a plot to send bombs from the Middle Eastern nation to the United States , the federal agency announced . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , meanwhile , talked about cargo screening with top representatives of global shipping companies including DHL , FedEx , TNT and UPS , her department said . She talked about "  enhanced screening " after shipping companies apparently carried the bombs unawares . She pressed home the same message in a call to the head of the International Air Transport Association , Giovanni Bisignani , the department said . TSA Administrator John Pistole met with Yemeni government officials , including Deputy Prime Minister Rashad al-Alimi , representatives from the Directorate General of Civil Aviation and the Ministry of Interior , and U.S. ambassador Gerald Feierstein , the TSA said . Pistole also received briefings from TSA inspectors deployed to Yemen and toured a cargo facility in Sanaa , the nation 's capital . Yemen said Monday that it is tightening security at all of its airports . Authorities in the United Arab Emirates and Britain found two packages Friday with explosives that were destined for synagogues in Chicago , Illinois . The explosive found in the United Arab Emirates may have traveled on passenger planes to get there , airline officials said Sunday . Investigators in Yemen say they strongly suspect that Ibrahim Hasan al-Asiri , al Qaeda 's top bomb maker in the region , is behind the explosive devices sent in the parcels . U.S. authorities are said to be also looking at al-Asiri because the parcel bombs used the same explosive , PETN , as last year 's foiled underwear bomber , also linked to him . A 23-year-old Nigerian citizen , Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , has been charged with trying to blow up a December 25 flight from the Netherlands to Detroit , Michigan , with an explosive that was partly sewn into his underwear . A Yemen-based branch of the al Qaeda terrorist network claimed responsibility for that attempt . After last week 's incident , the TSA and U.S. Customs and Border Protection took immediate steps to enhance measures for screening inbound cargo , including grounding packages originating from Yemen destined for the U.S. , the TSA said . The agencies also deployed a team of inspectors to assist the government of Yemen with its cargo screening procedures . The day before visiting Yemen , Pistole spoke to the International Air Transport Association conference in Frankfurt , Germany , met with international aviation security officials and signed an international security agreement with Germany , the TSA said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Deb Feyerick , Ross Levitt and Fran Townsend contributed to this report .	Package at airport had New York destination , law enforcement source says Envelope contains cell phone and paperwork , NYPD says An airport cargo facility is evacuated over suspicious package The bomb plot discovered Friday is believed to have originated in Yemen
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- The scene was horrific , the stench unmistakable . Sadly , it was nothing new here . But because it unfolded so many days after the earthquake that took at least 112,000 lives , it was shocking . Three bodies trapped in a crushed taxi . A man , two women . Set ablaze . Even for those who have witnessed so much these past 13 days , the torching of the Toyota in the capital 's central plaza Monday was difficult to take in . It highlighted one of Haiti 's many quandaries : how to dispose of bodies . The taxi had been smashed by collapsing concrete during the devastating earthquake , and the bodies were decomposing in tropical temperatures , the smell unbearable to the thousands who have temporarily sought shelter under tarpaulins and tents across the street at the Champs de Mars plaza . The foul smell prompted people to dig the car out of the rubble , but those living on the street in the area said disposal trucks never arrived to take the bodies away . "  They could n't find anyone to dispose of the bodies so they had to burn them , " said Gidel Fellmon . In the days after the January 12 quake , Haitians and rescue and relief crews have struggled to find proper disposal methods for bodies . Thousands of corpses have been pulled from the rubble and burned . Bodies have been bulldozed and dumped into open pits . Find loved ones in Haiti | Full coverage At one of the capital city 's cemeteries , people opened up old crypts and shoved corpses into them before resealing them . Workers loaded bodies -- piled on the sides of roads -- into the basket of a front-loader tractor , which then deposited them into blood-stained dump trucks , according to CNN correspondents . On Monday , as the taxi burned , people stood stoically around the charred flesh and exposed bones . Two pairs of shoes lay in the car 's twisted metal . Interactive map : Where to find aid	Three bodies trapped in a crushed taxi set ablaze in Port-au-Prince 's central plaza Odor had been unbearable ; bodies had been decomposing since January 12 earthquake Disposal trucks never arrived to take bodies away , bystanders say
Washington  CNN  -- Twelve survivors of the shooting that gravely wounded former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords and killed six others met Wednesday with Attorney General Eric Holder to seek his support for stricter enforcement of gun sale checks and tighter requirements on gun sales . The group of survivors from the Tucson , Arizona , shooting is working with New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and others with Mayors Against Illegal Guns to combat gun violence . Ken Dorushka , one of the survivors , said Holder "  seemed to be very supportive of what we 're trying to do . " The Arizona contingent hopes to get President Obama and Gov. Mitt Romney to present plans for ending gun violence . Neither party has wanted to discuss gun violence during the campaign . Dorushka acknowledged the National Rifle Association has enormous political clout , and his group faces an uphill task . The Justice Department confirmed the attorney general met with the group for about an hour , but would not discuss what was talked about . The Arizona delegation submitted to Holder hundreds of thousands of signatures in support of the campaign . "  The meeting was positive and constructive , " said Holder spokeswoman Tracy Schmaler . The group of survivors who met with Holder did not include Giffords , but did include Roxanna Green , the mother of 9-year-old Christina-Taylor Green who was killed in the January 8 , 2011 , shooting spree . Jared Lee Loughner has pleaded guilty in the shooting . 19 months after mass shooting , ex-Rep . Giffords moves back to Tuscon Also among the survivors in the delegation was Bill Badger , who like Giffords was shot in the head . Badger was able to knock Loughner to the ground and helped hold him down until police arrived . The group supports the Fix Gun Check program pushed by Sen. Charles Schumer of New York . The program calls for closing the "  gun show loophole , " which gun control advocates have long demanded . Dorushka said an estimated 40 % of gun sales occur at gun shows , flea markets and backyard sales , where unlicensed gun dealers are not required to perform background checks on prospective purchasers . Giffords continues a slow recovery at home . She resigned her congressional seat on July 25 . Loughner pleaded guilty in a deal with federal prosecutors to 19 counts of murder and attempted murder . He will not receive the death penalty , but is expected to serve life in prison after he is formally sentenced on November 15 .	12 survivors of Tuscon shooting meet with attorney general Group supports the Fix Gun Check program pushed by Sen. Charles Schumer Group hopes to get Obama and Romney to present plans for ending gun violence
CNN  -- Orb , far back in the pack for much of the race , made a late charge to win the 139th running of the mud-spattered Kentucky Derby on Saturday . Golden Soul was second , followed by Revolutionary . Orb , the post-time favorite at 5-1 , had a winning time of 2:02.89 over the 1Â 1/4 - mile track . The stakes totaled $ 2 million . "  When it was time to go , I knew he was going to respond well , " jockey Joel Rosario said of Orb , calling his race a "  perfect trip . " Shug McGaughey III , a Kentucky native and widely respected trainer who had yet to win the Derby , was overcome with emotion by Orb 's comeback , breaking down as he tried to explain his joy . "  I always dreamed of this day and it finally came , " said McGaughey . Orb 's co-owner Stuart Janney gave McGaughey the credit , noting that many had been saying his time to win the Derby had come . "  We certainly hoped it had , " Janney said . "  And it did . " What are Orb 's Triple Crown chances ? Palace Malice , ridden by veteran rider Mike Smith , broke out to a several-lengths lead about halfway through the race . The lead group tightened leaving the backstretch , with Normandy Invasion briefly taking the lead before Orb made his dramatic move . More than 150,000 spectators packed Churchill Downs in Louisville , where rain had fallen much of the day and left the track sloppy . The Derby , which features the nation 's finest 3-year-olds , is the first jewel of the Triple Crown . The 138th running of the Preakness , on May 18 in Maryland , is the second , followed by the Belmont Stakes , in New York on June 8 . Only 11 horses have won the crown , none since Affirmed did in 1978 . Two riders were trying to make history Saturday , but came up short . Goldencents was ridden by Kevin Krigger , who vied to become the first black jockey to win the premier race since Jimmy Winkfield took the trophy back-to-back in 1901 and 1902 . Goldencents finished 17th . Rosie Napravnik , 25 , riding Mylute , made a bid to be the first female jockey to win the race . Mylute finished fifth . It was the first Kentucky Derby win for Rosario . Orb finished more than three seconds slower than Secretariat , which set the race record in 1973 . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Orb wins 139th Kentucky Derby on a late charge Track at Churchill Downs was sloppy because of rain Another favorite , Revolutionary , finished third
CNN  -- Of the 14 "  Bachelors " and five "  Bachelorettes " who 've handed out roses to prospective life partners on ABC 's hit reality show , only four couples are still together and only two have actually gotten married . So how does a reality dating show with a 9.5 percent success rate reel in about 8 million viewers week after week ? "  It 's the fairytale aspect , " said Sarah Polonsky , the entertainment editor at BettyConfidential.com , a site covering pop culture and relationships . "  What man or woman would n't want all these guys vying for our love ? ... It speaks to the part of us that wants to be the bad girl or the bad boy . The part of us that wants what is n't good for us . " It 's definitely about the fairytale for viewer Gilmar Gomes , 55 , who says the show "  is like a fantasy . " Gomes said he does n't mind being heckled by his friends for watching the show , which he first came across last season while flipping through channels . He said it gives him hope that true love is out there somewhere . "  It has all the ingredients , " he added . "  Beautiful places , beautiful people . ... I remember when -LSB- Jake Pavelka and Vienna Girardi -RSB- were on a date in California . That seemed like the right place to fall in love . " However odd it may seem , some folks believe the show 's failed couplings have been a key ingredient in the show 's continued success . According to Polonsky , "  We just love it because we feel so much better about our own lives . " "  It 's been a tough few years -- a lot of people have lost their jobs and their money . We all wish we could fall in love in Iceland and Italy and Hawaii , but if we ca n't , why not watch it -LSB- on TV -RSB- . " Steve Carbone , who has recapped "  The Bachelor " and "  The Bachelorette " since their infancy on his spoiler site RealitySteve.com , agrees . "  It 's never really been about the ending , " he said . "  People are more just invested in the dates and the journey and cattiness in the house -- that 's what people tune in for . They like the drama . " And ABC is well-aware of that , which is why not all of Ali 's 25 hand-picked suitors this season appear to be a perfect match for this single girl . In order to produce such a show , ABC casts characters they know will deliver , Carbone added . "  They 're not actually looking for the 25 best matches for Ali . ... They know what they 're doing -- they 're producing great dramatic TV . " Janet Matuscak Gamin is one of thousands of viewers who turns to Facebook Tuesday through Sunday to fill her "  Bachelorette " void . Matuscak Gamin , who started watching the reality series last season when contestant Rozlyn Papa was sent home for allegedly having a relationship with one of the show 's producers , says she watches "  The Bachelorette " not as a dating show but as a comedy . "  I laugh at it all night long because I ca n't believe the things people say and the things they do , " Matuscak Gamin said . Carbone adds that it 's important not to confuse the character ABC wants you to see with the real person . "  Anybody that says they want to date somebody from the show . ... You only want to date what you saw on TV , " he says . "  I 'd hook up with Ali , but I do n't know her . I do n't know anything about Ali other than what the show presents to me . And the infatuation with past contestants does n't end with the final rose ceremony . Either they 're jumping to "  Dancing With the Stars " as Melissa Rycroft and Pavelka did , covering tabloid magazines and blogs or appearing in ABC 's "  Bachelor " spin-off -- "  The Bachelor Pad " -- to air in August . "  It 's a great way to get your 15 minutes , " Polonsky says .	Only two of the 14 "  Bachelors " and five "  Bachelorettes " are married Shows have a 9.5 percent success rate , yet reels in about 8 million viewers each week ABC 's "  Bachelor " spin-off -- "  The Bachelor Pad " -- will air in August
International monitors investigating the Malaysia Airlines crash in eastern Ukraine said Friday the team was not given full access to the site and was greeted with hostility by armed men . "  There did n't seem to be anyone really in control , " Michael Bociurkiw , spokesman for the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe team , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . Armed men , apparently pro-Russia militants , loosely guarded the area but could n't answer the monitors ' questions , he said . Bociurkiw said the group only stayed about 75 minutes and examined about 200 meters at the scene before being forced to leave . Pieces of the airplane and bodies are spread over several kilometers . The OSCE team arrived at the crash site near Torez in a remote section of eastern Ukraine that 's controlled by pro-Russian militants battling the Ukraine government . The United States says a surface-to-air missile , possibly fired by the militants , took down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 on Thursday as the plane traveled from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia . All 298 people on board died . U.N. Under Secretary General Feltman said 80 of the victims were children . Lack of access to the crash site worries U.S. officials , including Ben Rhodes , deputy national security adviser for strategic communications , who tweeted : "  Monitors should be able to access the crash site of MH17 . US is deeply concerned by reports that separatists are denying access . " Bociurkiw said the investigation will be difficult because the plane crashed in a difficult-to-access area in the countryside with no electricity . Many of the victims were on vacation "  I do n't think too much of the crime scene has been compromised already , " Bociurkiw said . "  The bodies are still there . They have not been tampered with . We actually spoke to some civilian emergency workers . They said their job was just to mark where the bodies are . " The FBI is sending two investigators to work on the case , a U.S. law enforcement official said , but the Ukraine government will be in charge of the investigation . Obama puts focus on Russia The location of the flight recorder has not been determined . Ukrainian Economy and Trade Minister Pavlo Sheremeta told CNN 's Richard Quest that MH17 's black boxes are in Ukraine . Sheremeta would not say , though , whether the government has them . "  They are on Ukrainian territory . I do n't know whether we have it or the international team has it , " he said . Earlier Friday , the adviser to the exiled governor of Dontesk told CNN 's Victoria Butenko that the black boxes had been retrieved and were in rebel hands , though the location was not clear . Russia likely bears some of the responsibility for the apparent downing of Flight 17 , President Barack Obama said . In the administration 's strongest words yet on the downing of the jet , Obama said rebel fighters could n't have operated the surface-to-air missile believed responsible for the shootdown "  without sophisticated equipment and sophisticated training , and that is coming from Russia . " In his remarks to reporters , Obama said that he did not want to get ahead of the facts of who may have been directly involved in the airliner 's destruction . But he said the United States would work hard to hold accountable those responsible for it . He and other U.S. officials stopped short of publicly placing the responsibility on Russia , which has denied involvement in the destruction of the jetliner . But a senior defense official told CNN that the "  working theory " among U.S. intelligence analysts is that the Russian military supplied the Buk missile system to rebel fighters inside Ukraine . The United States believes the missile system was transferred into eastern Ukraine from Russia "  in recent days or weeks , " a senior administration official told CNN , and that the system was operational at the time . The United States believes pro-Russian separatists could not have operated it without Russian training , the official said , noting that it 's unknown whether Russian personnel were on scene when the plane was shot down . U.S. officials believe the plane was "  likely downed by a surface-to-air missile ... operated from a separatist-held location in eastern Ukraine , " the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , Samantha Power , told an emergency session of the U.N. Security Council . If pro-Russian separatists are responsible for shooting down the plane with a missile , investigators ca n't rule out the possibility that Russia offered help to operate the system , she said . Power also said Russia should take steps to cool tensions in Ukraine . "  Russia can end this war , " she said . "  Russia must end this war . At least one American on board Obama confirmed that at least one U.S. citizen was aboard the plane ; Quinn Lucas Schansman was a student at International Business School Hogeschool van Amsterdam , according to his Facebook page . A majority of the passengers  at least 173  were Dutch . "  No one can deny the truth that is revealed in the awful images that we all have seen , and the eyes of the world are on eastern Ukraine , and we are going to make sure that the truth is out , " Obama said . He called for an immediate cease-fire in the region and for a "  credible international investigation " into what happened . MAPS : What route did the flight take ? Among the evidence cited by U.S. officials and others for their conclusions was an audio recording released by Ukrainian intelligence officials which purportedly feature pro-Russian rebels and Russian military officers discussing a surface-to-air strike and the crash of a civilian jetliner . "  How are things going there , " a man identified as a Russian intelligence agent asks . "  Well , we are 100 % sure that it was a civilian plane , " a man identified as a pro-Russian fighter responds . "  Are there a lot of people ? " the Russian officer asks . The rebel fighter then utters an obscenity and says , "  The debris was falling straight into the yards . " CNN can not confirm the authenticity of this audio , or other similar recordings . Also , in a news conference Friday , the chief of Ukraine 's security service , Valentyn Nalyvaichenko , said the Buk missile system that shot down the airliner crossed the border from Russia only "  right before " the attack . He did n't say how investigators know that , however Ukraine 's Interfax news agency reported claims by an adviser to Ukrainian Minister of Internal Affairs Anton Geraschenko that the launcher , as well as the flight data recorders from MH17 , were handed over to Russian agents across the border at a checkpoint in the Luhansk area overnight . A senior Ukrainian official who spoke to CNN also accused Russia of carrying out a cover-up of its role in the shoot-down . He cited video showing a Buk launcher being moved toward Russia overnight . CNN could not independently confirm the claims . Should downed Malaysian jet have flown over Ukraine ? Russia-Ukraine dispute Tensions have been high between Ukraine and Russia since street protests forced former pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych from power in February . Russia subsequently annexed Ukraine 's southeastern Crimea region , and a pro-Russian separatist rebellion has been raging in Ukraine 's eastern Luhansk and Donetsk regions . Ukraine 's government has accused Russia of allowing weapons and military equipment , including tanks , to cross the border illegally into the hands of pro-Russian rebels . While Ukrainian officials implicated pro-Russian fighters and their Russian backers for the jetliner 's downing , Moscow argued Ukraine was to blame . "  With regard to the claims raised by Kiev , that it was almost us who did it : In fact I have n't heard any truthful statements from Kiev over the past few months , " Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said in an exclusive interview with the state-run Russia 24 TV channel . European Union leaders agreed this week to expand sanctions against individuals and entities in response to Russia 's actions in Ukraine , with details to be decided by the end of the month . Expanded U.S. sanctions were also announced in Washington . Airspace closed The Ukrainian Ministry of Infrastructure announced Friday that the airspace over Donetsk , Luhansk and part of Kharkiv where rebels are operating had been closed indefinitely . Malaysian Transport Minister Liow Tiong Lai defended the routing of the Malaysia Airlines plane over the region , saying other carriers were sending their aircraft through the same airspace . Three months ago , the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration prohibited U.S. airlines from flying in areas some way south of where Flight 17 crashed Thursday . Thursday night , the FAA expanded the flight restrictions to all of eastern Ukraine . Airline 's troubles Thursday 's crash marks the second time this year that Malaysia Airlines has faced an incident involving a downed plane . In March , Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disappeared with 239 people on board . Searchers have found no trace of the Boeing 777 or its passengers despite extensive search efforts . Flight 370 probably flew into the southern Indian Ocean on autopilot with an unresponsive crew , Australian authorities said last month . A new underwater search is expected to begin in August . Did surface-to-air missile take down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 ? CNN Flight 17 full coverage	U.N. official says 80 of 298 victims were children Monitors say they only spent 75 minutes at crash site Rebels could n't have shot down the jetliner without backing , Obama says U.S. envoy to United Nations says pro-Russia rebels likely fired missile at plane
A new document by Iran 's supreme leader calling for the elimination of Israel shows that world powers must not rush into a deal on the country 's nuclear program despite an upcoming deadline , Israel 's Prime Minister said Monday . "  There is no moderation in Iran . It is unrepentant , unreformed , it calls for Israel 's eradication , it promotes international terrorism , " Benjamin Netanyahu said in a statement . "  This terrorist regime in Iran must not be allowed to become a nuclear threshold power . And I call on the P5 +1 countries -- do n't rush into a deal that would let Iran rush to the bomb . "  The P5 +1 refers to the United States , China , Russia , Britain , France and Germany -- the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council , plus Germany . Iran insists it only wants nuclear energy . And Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , while calling for the elimination of Israel , said he opposes "  a massacre of the Jewish people in this region . " Instead , he seeks a referendum . But in the meantime , "  armed resistance is the cure , " he says , calling for the West Bank to be "  armed like Gaza . " The call reflects internal Palestinian politics as well . Iran supports Hamas , the militant group that controls Gaza . Hamas ' rival faction , Fatah , controls the West Bank . On Sunday , the government in the West Bank accused Hamas of bombing its leaders ' homes . Israelis were stabbed in two "  terrorist " incidents Monday , leaving one woman dead , police said . Annihilation call made through Twitter The Iranian leader made his call for Israel to be "  annihilated " on Twitter over the weekend . Mixed in with tweets insisting that Iran is committed to diplomacy on other issues , Khamenei posted a series of tweets slamming Israel . Among them was a document called "  9 key questions about elimination of Israel . " While he and other Iranian leaders have spoken similarly of Israel in the past , the one-page document , packed with specific details , was new . It says the "  proper way of eliminating Israel " is for "  all the original people of Palestine including Muslims , Christians and Jews wherever they are , whether inside Palestine , in refugee camps in other countries or just anywhere else , take part in a public and organized referendum . " The "  Jewish immigrants who have been persuaded into emigration to Palestine do not have the right to take part , " he adds . It 's unclear who Khamenei thinks the "  original people of Palestine " are , given that the region 's history dates back thousands of years and includes countless waves of immigration and exile . A June poll by the Washington Institute found that most Palestinians in Gaza oppose a two-state solution and want to work toward abolishing Israel -- a goal that is in line with Hamas ' charter . A July poll by the Dialog Institute found that most Israelis support a two-state solution , Haaretz reported . ISIS affects U.S.-Iran relations U.S. President Barack Obama recently sent a letter to Khamenei about cooperating in the fight against ISIS , the terror group that calls itself the Islamic State . Revelations about the letter have raised questions over whether Obama 's stance on Iran is softening . U.S. officials insist Washington is not coordinating military actions with Tehran . "  There is some deconflicting , in the sense that since they have some troops or militias they control in and around Baghdad , " Obama told CBS ' "  Face the Nation " on Sunday . "  We let them know , ` Do n't mess with us . We 're not here to mess with you . ' We 're focused on our common enemy . But there 's no coordination or common battle plan . And there will not be . " "  We still have big differences with Iran 's behavior vis-a-vis our allies , them poking and prodding at -- and creating unrest and sponsoring terrorism in the region , around the world , their anti-Israeli rhetoric and behavior , " Obama added . "  So , that 's a whole ` nother set of issues which prevents us from ever being true allies . " Tensions between Obama and Netanyahu are widely reported . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden sought to refute them Monday . "  Like all close friends , we talk honestly with one another . We talk directly with one another . We disagree with one another . We love one another , and we drive one another crazy , " he said in a speech to the Jewish Federations of North America . "  We will not let Iran acquire a nuclear weapon , period , " he added . The deadline for the current round of nuclear negotiations between Iran and the P5 +1 is November 24 . Obama left it unclear Sunday whether a deal will be struck by then . "  The question now is : Are we going to be able to close this final gap , so that they can re-enter the international community , sanctions can be slowly reduced , and we have verifiable , lock-tight assurances that they ca n't develop a nuclear weapon ? There 's still a big gap . We may not be able to get there . "	Israeli PM Netanyahu says the document shows there is "  no moderation in Iran " Iran 's supreme leader Khamenei calls for Israel to be "  annihilated " He opposes a massacre of Jews , wants the West Bank "  armed like Gaza " Obama slams Iran 's "  anti-Israeli rhetoric and behavior "
TEANECK , New Jersey  CNN  -- Actress Angela Logan has played many roles off-stage to earn a living . She 's worked as a teacher , model and hairdresser and is studying to be a nurse . Angela Logan samples a bite of her Mortgage Apple Cake as Bake Me A Wish ! founder Josh Kaye looks on . But when she fell into foreclosure on her Teaneck , New Jersey , home , Logan turned to baking an apple cake her family had always loved . "  It was a flash of desperation , " Logan said . "  I thought , ` Wow . We could sell these cakes , they 're so good . ' " Logan named her delicacy Mortgage Apple Cake and resolved to sell 100 in 10 days at $ 40 each to meet a mortgage payment , pay off bills and qualify for a federal program that could lower her monthly payments . She advertised the cake to everyone she knew , including her classmates . "  The hardest part was saying , ` Can you buy my cakes , this is my problem , ' because admitting to your friends that you 're in foreclosure , and that you need their help , that 's a hard thing to say , " Logan said . Two years ago , a contractor promised to renovate Logan 's brick-and-stucco home . But instead , Logan says he took the money and did only a portion of the work -- leaving the entire second floor bare to the beams and plastic wrap still covering much of the exterior . Logan 's financial squeeze tightened when one of the actress ' talent agencies shut down without paying her for commercial work . The 55-year-old divorced mother of three fell far behind on her mortgage and other debt payments , leading her to seek help from Consumer Credit Counseling of New Jersey . Counselor Pamela Glass brainstormed with Logan to envision potential extra sources of income . "  We put our heads together to make extra money , " Glass said . "  I said , ` Take a look at what you can do . ' She said , ' I bake once in a while ' . I said , ` Well , maybe you can do some baking . ' " When Logan asked , neighbors , fellow church congregants and classmates responded . Soon she was baking night and day , two cakes at a time . Al Hamdi , general manager of the Hilton in nearby Hasbrouck Heights , heard of Logan 's plan and offered the hotel 's four giant ovens , letting her accelerate production . "  She was going to do something out of the box to save her home and her family . That was the inspiring part for us , " Hamdi said . Logan figures she 's baked about 200 cakes -- double her goal . And since qualifying for the federal Make Home Affordable program , her monthly mortgage payment is dropping by nearly 20 percent Other Americans in a financial bind can also find creative answers to their cash crunch , Logan said . "  Find your talent . Find something you can do that will help , " she said . Watch as Logan describes the circumstances that led her to bake the Mortgage Apple Cake " Many hobbies have the potential to generate extra cash : teaching a skill like playing an instrument or speaking a foreign language ; home repairs for those who are handy ; even dog-walking or pet-sitting for animal lovers . "  Some people have extra skills they do n't use , " Glass said . Internet retailer Bake Me A Wish ! got a whiff of the Mortgage Apple Cake and is preparing to mass-produce it and share the proceeds with Logan . The company says it already has 650 Mortgage Apple Cake orders . "  We 're going to be baking cakes together , develop a whole line of cakes , Angela Logan Cakes , " said Josh Kaye , president of Bake Me A Wish ! Escaping foreclosure could propel Logan to a new career in baking . But she 's still studying nursing , knowing from experience never to depend upon just one role .	New Jersey actress turned to baking apple cakes to avoid foreclosure The idea came from brainstorming with a consumer credit counselor She resolved to sell 100 cakes in 10 days at $ 40 each to pay mortgage , debts So far , she 's sold about 200 cakes , attracting the attention of an Internet retailer
For all the talk of a possible cease-fire , residents of Israel and Palestinians in Gaza are living under a daily barrage of attacks . More than 1,200 Palestinians have been killed , as have 53 Israeli soldiers and three civilians in Israel . Israel said it has wiped out the majority of Hamas ' rocket supply , but the fighting shows no sign of abating . "  If the enemy has not had enough of our strikes , our fighters have a lot to surprise the enemy 's leaders and its special forces , " Hamas said Tuesday in an online posting . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told his country Monday to prepare for "  a protracted campaign . " "  Our goal is clear , " Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev told CNN on Tuesday . "  Our goal is to free the people of Israel from the terror of these rocket attacks coming from Gaza and from these tunnel attacks coming from Gaza where people pop out of the ground with machine guns and explosives to kill and to murder , to kidnap people . " The goal "  can be achieved diplomatically or militarily or a combination of them both , " he added . "  But we will continue until that goal is achieved . " Just what it would take to stop Hamas militarily -- and whether that 's even possible -- remains unclear . Some key numbers : 32 -- The number of tunnels Israel uncovered in Gaza as of Monday . Israel does not know how many more it may find . "  There are still chances that there are tunnels that we have no knowledge about that are already inside Israel , " Israel Defense Forces spokesman Peter Lerner told CNN Tuesday . "  We 're operating in order to locate them . " Each tunnel costs $ 3 million , according to the Israeli military . And for all the destruction wrought on Gaza , militants could still build more in the future . Hamas is the controlling government in Gaza . CNN 's Wolf Blitzer goes into a Hamas tunnel 10,000 - The number of rockets Israel estimated Hamas to have in its arsenal when the hostilities began . Militants have launched more than 2,600 , according to the Israel Defense Forces . And the IDF has struck more than 3,000 , IDF spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner told CNN on Tuesday . "  So our assessment is they 're depleted around 60 % of their capabilities , " Lerner said . But given that Israel has found more tunnels than it expected , it 's possible militants have more rockets than Israel realized , as well . And while many are smuggled in from Iran and Syria , many others are homemade , notes Michael Eisenstadt of the Washington Institute for near East Policy . "  You can always find , from the rubble , pipes that can be cut . And you can always scrounge ingredients to make propellant , " he says . These rockets might be less effective , but militants will always "  be able to reconstitute their rocket force in some way , " he says . "  So you never get to the point where you slap your hands and say , ` Mission accomplished . ' " Bombing workshops where many rockets are made might prevent militants from producing longer-range rockets that threaten people beyond southern Israel . But "  you 'll never be able to bomb them to the point that they ca n't produce " the cruder rockets , Eisenstadt said . In its online posting Tuesday , Hamas said it "  still retains its full power and force . " More than 300 -- The number of militants Israel says it has killed so far in the conflict . The U.S. State Department says there are "  several thousand " Gaza-based Hamas militant operatives along with a "  reported 9,000-person Hamas-led paramilitary group known as the ` Executive Force . ' " Israel , meanwhile , has 176,000 active military personnel , has called up some reservists and can tap into a pool of hundreds of thousands more if needed . Hamas leaders appear "  confident that the group could sustain its attacks until it secures its key demand : ending the blockade of the Gaza Strip by Egypt and Israel , " says Jeremy Binnie , Middle East editor of IHS Jane 's Defence Weekly . $ 62,000 -- The cost of each missile used by Israel 's Iron Dome defense system to block militants ' rockets from hitting Israelis . More than 500 have been used , making the total more than $ 31 million . "  We 're confident we can continue to operate with that , " Lerner told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . Each battery used by the Iron Dome system costs $ 50 million , IHS Jane 's said . "  Despite the improvements in Iron Dome 's performance in recent months , it 's clear Israel is on the wrong side of the cost curve , " says Christoper Chivvis , senior political scientist at Rand Corporation . "  The reality is that building sophisticated missile defense systems like Iron Dome remains much more expensive than acquiring missiles themselves . " How Iron Dome blocks rockets from Gaza , protects Israelis 1.8 million and 8 million - Ultimately , the most important figures may be the populations of Gaza and Israel , respectively , and how they respond to the devastating casualties and destruction . The majority of Israelis currently support military action against Hamas , the Jerusalem Post reported . It 's unclear how many in Gaza want militants to stop rocket attacks . Last month , a poll by the Washington Institute found most Palestinians in Gaza oppose a two-state solution and want to work toward a five-year goal of abolishing Israel -- but the majority said they support nonviolent methods of "  popular resistance . "	Hamas vows it has "  a lot to surprise the enemy " Israel vows to stop threats "  diplomatically or military " Israel believes about 60 % of Hamas ' rockets depleted More than 500 Iron Dome missiles have been used
Beijing  CNN  Five years ago , Beijinger Robert Zhao went on a trip to Tibet . What he encountered left him confused but intrigued . A science graduate from China 's elite Tsinghua University , he had been taught to mistrust superstition and religion , but in the culture and devotion of the Buddhists he met he found something worth knowing . Now 25 , he is considering giving up his job and becoming a monk . "  It means I will have to give up everything of the ordinary world , " he told CNN . While Buddhism has a long history in China , entering via missionaries from India during the Han dynasty , it was repressed during the Maoist era -- many monasteries and temples were destroyed during the Cultural Revolution and monks actively punished for believing in "  superstition . " But now , a growing number of Chinese are rediscovering the country 's dormant Buddhist traditions . Some , like Zhao , are looking for a spiritual anchor in a competitive , fast-changing society . Others take comfort in meditation and enjoy volunteering . However , it 's not always easy to combine Buddhist beliefs with the demands of modern life . Zhao works as an assistant to the boss of an environmental company . His religion means it 's difficult to entertain clients and partners -- a key part of the role . "  Not drinking , smoking or eating meat affects my socializing . So the company has to send someone else to go with me , which creates extra expenses , " he says . Zhao has not told his family about his desire to become a monk yet , fearing that they might oppose it . Fenggang Yang , the director of the Center on Religion and Chinese Society at Purdue University , Indiana , says it 's difficult to explain exactly why so many young people are turning to Buddhism . Some discover it at university , where Buddhist groups are active and famous monks and lamas give lectures . Others have devout parents and grandparents . He also says that the Chinese Communist Party policy has "  moved toward treating Buddhism more favorably than other religions . " Christianity has also been growing in popularity in recent decades but church leaders say there has been a crackdown on Christians , with authorities demolishing churches and removing crosses from skylines . In particular , it 's the Tibetan strain of Buddhism , rather than the Chan  also called Zen  tradition once popular in China , that is attracting new converts , particularly students , young professionals and businesspeople , he says . "  It appears that both the chanting and the physical , spiritual practices of Tibetan Buddhism are appealing to some people , " Yang added . To what extent these new converts are committed to Buddhism as a religion , with its strictures and rituals , is an open question . A former leader of a university Buddhism group , who did n't want to give his name , told CNN he thought its members were more interested in the religion as a lifestyle choice . Activities that his group organized focusing on relaxation and stress relief were always more popular than reading groups and lectures that examined Buddhist scriptures , he added . Yang at Purdue University says that for most people in China , Buddhism is treated more as culture than a religion . They may visit temples or read Buddhist books , but few people treat it as a religion that requires serious commitment . "  Indeed , people who identify as Buddhists do a lot of non-Buddhist spiritual things , such as believing in feng shui , consulting fortune-tellers , practicing qi gong and sampling books and practices of other religions , " he says . On a recent weekend , more than four hundred people attended the annual gathering of Beijing Ren Ai Foundation , a Buddhist charitable organization , at Longquan Monastery on the mountainous outskirts of the capital . Zhong Ying , the group 's 32-year-old deputy secretary general , said the group 's most active volunteers were between 20 and 35 years old . In the past five years their numbers had doubled to 200 . For attendee Geng Hui'er , a 26-year-old who works and lives in Beijing , Buddhism was something she rediscovered after returning from studying abroad in England . Growing up , her family had raised her Buddhist although she says she never really "  felt it . " She now regularly attends meditation activities in monasteries or study groups organized by volunteers . Geng says Buddhism has given her a fresh outlook on life and past difficulties . It 's also helped her establish a network of people she can talk to and socialize with . "  We sit together , sharing things that have happened in our lives and how we dealt with them , which is more helpful than reading books " , she says . For Zhao , the aspiring monk , Buddhism has been a balm while dealing with poor health , as well as work and relationship problems . "  My life has been tough for years .  Buddhism  keeps me away from the negative thoughts , like a reminder that 's always there , which has helped me a lot . " Journalist Dou Yiping contributed to this report .	A growing number of Chinese are rediscovering the country 's Buddhist traditions It 's not always easy to combine Buddhist beliefs with the demands of modern life Buddhism has a long history in China but was repressed during the Maoist era
Srinigar , India  CNN  -- A blaze in a historic Sufi shrine in Indian-controlled Kashmir 's capital on Monday triggered widespread anger and violence . The 200-year-old shrine , a classic of Kashmir architecture , caught fire early Monday morning . The wooden shrine was quickly destroyed . Efforts by firefighters could not save the ornate structure , named for an 11th-century Iraqi saint , Sheikh Abdul Qadir Jeelani , who never visited Kashmir . The gutting of the highly revered shrine set off angry protests and clashes between police and protesters in the old city . Authorities put extra security measures in place . A police spokesman said though the shrine was damaged , the relics it contained were safe . He also confirmed that 20 people , including 10 police officers , were injured in the clashes . Several religious and separatist organizations called for a protest shutdown for Tuesday . Kashmir is having a booming tourist season . Peace has prevailed in this Himalayan region after the deadly unrest of summer 2010 , which claimed 112 lives and left hundreds of others wounded .	Fire destroys revered 200-year-old Sufi shrine in Kashmir 's capital Protesters , angry over the fire , clash with police ; 20 reported injured Police spokesman says the relics inside the shrine were saved from the flames
Chicago  CNN  -- With NATO meeting this week in Chicago to discuss the war in Afghanistan , CNN reached out to some everyday Afghan-Americans to see what they think . What should be the next step ? What do they hope will result from the summit ? And what is the key to restoring peace after 10 years of bloodshed ? Here are five perspectives from Afghans who live in different areas of the Windy City . Nasir Ahmad Raufi owns a restaurant in northwest Chicago . He is from Puli Khumri in northern Afghanistan . "  I was  in Afghanistan  in 2002 , 2004 , 2007 and just last November . Every year , it gets worse . People are upset , people are suffering . ... Both sides  are  losing life . "  The war is not the solution . There is no way you can win the war by this kind of force . NATO has so many mistakes in Afghanistan . Innocent people died . On the other side , suicide  bombers  , innocent people died . We are against that . "  I 'm hopeful  , but at this summit I do n't think NATO is going to pull out from Afghanistan . " Mohammed Daud Miraki is author of "  Afghanistan After Democracy : The Untold Story Through Photographic Images . " He is from Maidan , Afghanistan , 40 kilometers  25 miles  southwest of Kabul . "  Under NATO  , a few roads have been built , no doubt . But come on , these are nothing compared to the $ 500 billion we supposedly spent in Afghanistan . "  The solution  to the war  is an indigenous peace process . I call it the indigenous peace jurga . These are jurgas at the village level , at the district level , at the province level , at the zonal level all over Afghanistan . They include tribal leaders , they include insurgents and  foreign-educated Afghan expatriates  . Let us lead the peace process . " Fazal Ahmedi owns a jewelry store on Chicago 's north side . He is from Kandahar City . "  All the companies  NATO  hires , who owns the companies ? Americans , Chinese , Indians , Pakistanis . Why do n't you hire Afghans ? If you want to stop them from war , give them jobs . ... "  My family , we have a lot of kids , no school . We need good schools , we need a system . " Hamid Ahang is a network engineer originally from Kabul . "  There 's been certain progress , there are schools built . But at the same time , what they promised was stability and peace . After years of war , they have n't done as promised . "  If NATO pulls out , there will be civil war , there will be anarchy . If they do n't , the violence will continue . "  NATO needs to focus on Pakistan , not Afghanistan . Pakistan is where the Taliban came from and where support  for it  comes from .  NATO  needs to have a greater debate that involves regional powers like Pakistan , Iran and Russia , which still has influence . " Sima Quraishi is executive director of the Muslim Women Resource Center , a nonprofit based in Chicago . She is originally from Kabul . "  There is a lot of money floating around  in Afghanistan  . However , I believe the money should be spent to help the people of Afghanistan with education/schools , job development , health care and child care . "  It is vital that the people of Afghanistan develop skills and obtain the tools to move past 2014 and work independently toward the betterment of Afghanistan . With the proper funding and tools available to the people , I trust that Afghanistan can improve after 2014 and the lives of innocent Afghans would be spared . "	CNN spoke to Afghan-Americans in Chicago to get their take on the NATO summit One restaurant owner says war is n't the solution : "  People are upset , people are suffering " Bring everyone together and let Afghans lead the peace process , one author says
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton rode a wave of patriotic support to claim pole for his home grand prix Saturday as Mercedes occupied the first two places on the grid at Silverstone . Hamilton produced a lap of one minute 29.07 seconds , described as "  phenomenal " by three-time defending champion Sebastien Vettel , who was third fastest for Red Bull . The 28-year-old Englishman was fully four tenths of a second faster than his teammate Nico Rosberg in claiming the 28th pole of his career and second of the 2013 season . It was the first pole by a home driver at the British Grand Prix since Hamilton himself achieved the feat back in 2007 . Vettel , leading the title race yet again , paid compliment to Hamilton in the post race press conference , but appeared to reference the controversial Mercedes tire test earlier this season which Red Bull were particularly outspoken about . "  I do n't know if Lewis found a short cut or he just found something special here -- it was a phenomenal lap , " he said . "  It is always nice to position well in qualifying here . I am looking forward to the race tomorrow and we will see how we are with looking after our tires , " he added . Hamilton , in fourth place in the championship , will be hoping his Mercedes can find more race pace to capitalize on their qualifying speed . "  It 's an incredible feeling , " he said . "  The crowd have been great -- such a great turnout -- that was a lap for them . "  I hope we can do something special in the race . It 's phenomenal because I have n't been feeling 100 per cent comfortable in the car . " Vettel 's teammate Mark Webber took fourth on the grid . Initially Scot Paul Di Resta occupied fifth for Force India , but was later relegated to the back of the grid when his car was ruled to be under the minimum weight . Australian Daniel Ricciardo of Toro Rosso and German Adrian Sutil in the second Force India were next fastest Frenchman Romain Grosjean , Lotus teammate Finn Kimi Raikkonen and two-time champion Fernando Alonso of Ferrari initially filled out the top 10 before Di Resta 's demotion . Alonso , looking to mount a sustained challenge to Vettel as per last season , was left frustrated by the lack of pace in qualifying . Visit : CNN 's special F1 interactive "  We were not competitive all weekend . We need to recover now and it was a bad Saturday , " he told reporters . Teammate Felipe Massa will move up to 11th just behind McLaren 's Jenson Button , who had missed out on the final phase of qualifying to the disappointment of home supporters . But Hamilton 's stellar performance left them plenty to cheer although with warmer conditions forecast for Sunday he may struggle to take full advantage if the lessons of previous races this season are any guide .	Lewis Hamilton on pole for British Grand Prix at Silverstone Edges out Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg by four tenths of a second World champion Sebastian Vettel third for Red Bull Fernando Alonso will start ninth on the grid
CNN  -- Scientists at the Large Hadron Collider managed to make two proton beams collide at high energy Tuesday , marking a "  new territory " in physics , according to CERN , the European Organization for Nuclear Research . The $ 10 billion research tool has been accelerating the beams since November in the LHC 's 17-mile tunnel on the border of Switzerland and France . The beams have routinely been circulating at 3.5 TeV , or teraelectron volts , the highest energy achieved at the LHC so far , according to CERN , the European Organization for Nuclear Research . Watch live Web cast from CERN The first two attempts Tuesday failed , said Steve Myers , CERN 's director for accelerators . He said the beams were lost before they reached their full energy . Experiments at the LHC may help answer fundamental questions such as why Albert Einstein 's theory of relativity -- which describes the world on a large scale -- does n't jibe with quantum mechanics , which deals with matter far too small to see . The collider may help scientists discover new properties of nature . The as-yet theoretical Higgs boson , also called "  the God particle " in popular parlance , could emerge within two or three years , Myers said in November . Evidence of supersymmetry -- the idea that every particle has a "  super partner " with similar properties in a quantum dimension  according to some physics theories , there are hidden dimensions in the universe  -- could crop up as early as 2010 . The collider has been dogged by problems . It made headlines late last year when a bird apparently dropped a "  bit of baguette " into the accelerator , making the machine shut down . The incident was similar in effect to a standard power cut , said spokeswoman Katie Yurkewicz . Had the machine been going , there would have been no damage , but beams would have been stopped until the machine could be cooled back down to operating temperatures , she said . The collider achieved its first full-circle beam in September 2008 amid much celebration . But just nine days later , the operation was set back when one of the 25,000 joints that connect magnets in the LHC came loose and the resulting current melted or burned some important components of the machine , Myers said . The faulty joint has a cross-section of a mere two-thirds of an inch by two-thirds of an inch . Should Tuesday 's experiment go as planned and scientists are able to establish 7 TeV collisions , the plan is to run them continuously for 18 to 24 months with a short technical stop at the end of 2010 , CERN said . "  It will be the beginning of a long period of running the accelerator with beams at this energy , " Sutton said . "  It 's the period in which experiments will really start to collect data in this new energy region , where the potential for discoveries may be made . " Sutton compared the experiments to Christopher Columbus sailing for the New World in 1492 , when he knew what he was looking for but did n't know what he might find . "  It 's going into a new energy region , " she said . "  It 's a new territory in particle physics , so we 're really just standing on the threshold of that , which is exciting for everybody here , of course . "	Large Hadron Collider to begin smashing proton beams at high speed $ 10 billion research tool back online after tech glitches caused 18-month delay Scientists hope project will prove existence of Higgs boson "  God particle "
CNN  -- The Texas town devastated by an April fertilizer plant explosion is suing the company that supplied the plant with ammonium nitrate , arguing the supplier sold the volatile compound "  blindly " to a firm that did n't handle it properly . The city of West , Texas , accuses Adair Grain , which operated as the West Fertilizer Company , of negligently storing ammonium nitrate on its grounds before the April 17 blast . It also accused Illinois-based CF Industries of selling West Fertilizer about 200 tons of the compound without investigating whether the plant could store it safely . "  The CF Industries defendants , in the best position to know and understand the full nature of the dangers of the product manufactured by them , made no effort to determine the risk to the community into which their product was shipped , " the lawsuit states . "  Instead , they blindly sold hundreds of tons of hazardous ammonium nitrate to West Fertilizer Company and delivered it to a facility located within a community of people , houses , parks , schools and a nursing home . " The suit also argues that CF Industries provided outdated safety information to West Fertilizer and failed to include additives that would have prevented a detonation . It was filed the week after the Federal Emergency Management Agency denied additional aid to the town , notifying Gov. Rick Perry 's office that the state could handle the remaining reconstruction costs . That decision was ripped by local and state officials who accused President Barack Obama of having "  gone against his word . " In a statement on the lawsuit , CF Industries said it was "  sympathetic to those whose lives were affected by this unfortunate incident " but believes there is "  no basis for this suit . " Adair Grain did not return a request for comment . The explosion devastated West , a town of about 2,800 people south of Dallas . It leveled numerous homes and damaged two schools and a nursing home and could be felt 50 miles away . After a month of investigation , fire marshals said they could not determine a cause . Investigators have opened a criminal probe , but no one has been charged .	The April explosion in West , Texas , killed 15 people , damaged nursing home , schools The town says a fertilizer supplier "  blindly " sold ammonium nitrate to the doomed plant The company says there is "  no basis " for the lawsuit , filed after FEMA denied rebuilding funds
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- The Obama administration will work to stop any "  illicit " nuclear aspirations by Iran , U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice told the U.N. Security Council on Thursday . U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice said the U.S. will try to end Iran 's "  support for terrorism . " Rice spoke briefly about Iran in her speech , which was primarily focused on the Obama administration 's approach to Iraq and its people . She called on the international community to provide greater support to the millions of Iraqi refugees who have been displaced because of the war . Her comments on Iran came toward the end of her speech , when she mentioned that the United States plans to pursue a "  comprehensive strategy " in the Middle East , including relations with Syria , Israel and the Palestinian people . The United States "  will seek to end Iran 's ambition to acquire an illicit nuclear capability and its support for terrorism , " Rice said . President Barack Obama has said the United States is looking for opportunities for "  face to face " dialogue with Iran , though he has "  deep concerns " about Tehran 's actions . "  We are showing the world that a new era of engagement has begun . For we know that America can not meet the threats of this century alone , but the world can not meet them without America , " Obama said Tuesday during his first speech to a joint session of Congress . "  We can not shun the negotiating table , nor ignore the foes or forces that could do us harm . We are instead called to move forward with the sense of confidence and candor that serious times demand . " President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has said his country welcomes talks with the United States "  in a fair atmosphere with mutual respect . " In response to Rice 's speech , Iran 's ambassador to the U.N. , Mohammad Khazaee , sent a letter to the president of the Security Council , Yukio Takasu , defending Iran 's nuclear program and challenging U.S. allegations about the program . "  It is unfortunate that , yet again , we are hearing the same tired , unwarranted and groundless allegations that used to be unjustifiably and futilely repeated by the previous U.S. administration , " Khazaee wrote . Iran has repeatedly said , and the letter echoed , that Iran 's nuclear program is peaceful and the country has not and will not seek to acquire nuclear weapons . The letter also called U.S. allegations against Iran on terrorism "  equally baseless and absurd . " Iran tested its first nuclear power plant on Wednesday at the Bushehr nuclear power plant using "  dummy " fuel rods . Officials said the next test will use enriched uranium , but it is not clear when the test will be held or when the facility will be fully operational . Last week , the Washington-based Institute for Science and International Security released a report stating that Iran has reached "  nuclear weapons breakout capability " -- it has enough uranium to make a nuclear bomb . The report was based on an analysis of data from the International Atomic Energy Agency , the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency . However , an IAEA official who asked not to be named cautioned against drawing such dramatic conclusions from the data , saying Iran 's stock of low-enriched uranium would have to be turned into highly enriched uranium to be weapons-grade material . That has n't been done , the official said . CNN 's Katy Byron contributed to this report .	Susan Rice says U.S. plans to pursue a "  comprehensive strategy " in Middle East Rice : We want to end Iran 's "  illicit nuclear capability and its support for terrorism " Rice speaks briefly about Iran in a speech that mostly focuses on Iraq Iran 's U.N. ambassador calls remarks "  unwarranted and groundless allegations "
Busan , South Korea  CNN  -- A South Korean court on Thursday sentenced the captain of a Chinese fishing boat to 30 years in prison for murdering a South Korean coast guard officer during a confrontation in the Yellow Sea last year . The court in the port of Incheon also handed down prison terms to several other crew members of the Chinese vessel , which the South Korean coast guard officials boarded on December 12 because they suspected it of fishing illegally . The skipper of the fishing boat , Cheng Dawei , was convicted of stabbing the coast guard officer , Lee Cheng-ho , several times with a knife . Lee later died of his injuries and another coast guard official was wounded in the encounter . Prosecutors had sought the death penalty for Cheng , 43 , but the court chose to give him a lengthy prison term and a fine of 20 million won , or about $ 17,500 . Nine other Chinese sailors received sentences of one and a half to five years for their roles in the clash , according to Judge Rho Jong-chan , a spokesman for the court . Liu Weimin , a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs , said Thursday that China and South Korea had not agreed upon the demarcation of exclusive economic zones in the Yellow Sea . As a result , he said , China "  does not accept " South Korea 's application of its law to reach "  such a verdict . " Speaking at a regular news conference , Liu said China would continue to follow the case closely and "  provide necessary assistance to the Chinese citizens concerned to protect their legitimate rights and interests . " At the time of the confrontation , Seoul asked Beijing to "  strictly clamp down on illegal fishing and the illegal acts of Chinese fishermen . " The Yellow Sea , which contains important fishing and crab grounds , has been a point of contention for several Asian countries , most notably North and South Korea who have long disagreed on whose waters end where . The South Korean coast guard stopped hundreds of Chinese boats last year on suspicion of illegal fishing in the sea . Disputes over fishing rights have resulted in dozens of boat seizures . CNN 's Chi-Chi Zhang in Beijing contributed to this report .	NEW : China says it does n't accept South Korea applying its law in this area Chinese fishermen clashed with South Korean coast guards last year The captain of the Chinese boat stabbed a coast guard officer to death A South Korean court has sentenced the captain to 30 years in prison for murder
CNN  -- The psychiatrist treating the accused Colorado movie theater gunman was so concerned about his behavior that she mentioned it to her colleagues , saying he could potentially be a danger to others , CNN affiliate KMGH reported Wednesday , citing sources with knowledge of the investigation . The psychiatrist 's concerns surfaced in early June , nearly six weeks before the July 20 killings inside a movie theater in Aurora , sources told the Denver station . Twelve people were killed and 58 wounded when the gunman opened fire during a screening of the new Batman film . James Holmes , 24 , was charged Monday with murder and attempted murder in the case ; he also faces two weapons charges . Why Holmes was charged in ` unusual ' way A court document filed Friday revealed Holmes was a patient of University of Colorado psychiatrist Lynne Fenton before the attack . Sources told KMGH that Fenton contacted several members of a "  behavioral evaluation and threat assessment " team to say Holmes could potentially be a danger to others , the station reported . The "  BETA " team consists of "  key " staff members from various university departments who have specific expertise in dealing with assessing potential threats on campus , the school says on its website . Holmes was a doctoral student at the university 's Anschutz Medical Campus until June , when he withdrew from the program . Sources told KMGH that university officials never contacted Aurora police with Fenton 's concerns before the July 20 killings . Aurora heroes : Three who gave their lives "  Fenton made initial phone calls about engaging the BETA team " in "  the first 10 days " of June but it "  never came together " because in the period Fenton was having conversations with team members , Holmes began the process of dropping out of school , a source told KMGH . Sources told the station that when Holmes withdrew , the BETA team "  had no control over him . " KMGH said sources did not know what Holmes told Fenton that sparked her concern . "  It takes more than just statements , " one source told the station , explaining that Holmes would have had to tell Fenton "  something specific " before she would have to report it to law enforcement . "  He would have to tell her he had taken steps to make it happen , " another source told the station . One source also told the station that the team may not have been convened because while Fenton had "  serious concerns , there may not have been an immediate threat . " It 's not clear if Fenton continued treating Homes after he dropped out of school , whether she referred him to another medical professional or had any further contact with him , KMGH reported , citing sources familiar with the investigation . Colorado shootings : Complete coverage Michael Carrigan , chairman of the CU board of regents , told KMGH he did not know if Holmes had ever been discussed by the BETA team , KMGH reported . "  It 's the first I 'm hearing about this , " he reportedly told the station . Authorities have remained silent about a possible motive in the case . Prosecutors say they will begin turning over thousands of pages of discovery in the next couple of days . The defense said it needs this information to prepare for the hearing . During the week of November 12 , attorneys expect a preliminary hearing and an evidence hearing that will include several days of testimony . Read more about this story from CNN affiliate KMGH .	CNN affiliate KMGH says the psychiatrist was concerned about Holmes ' behavior The station says she mentioned her concerns in early June Holmes is accused of opening fire in a movie theater July 20 12 people were killed and 58 wounded
LONDON , England  CNN  -- One of Francis Williams ' favorite stories to tell is about the time he was pulled over for speeding . As countries and companies plan to go to the moon , a debate heats up on lunar property rights . Williams , who had been in London on business , was driving home through the English countryside when a police officer stopped him and wanted to know two things : Was Williams aware of how fast he was driving ? And , what was his profession ? It turned out the response to the second question would help Williams resolve the first : "  I said , ' I sell land on the moon , ' " said Williams . "  And -LSB- the police officer -RSB- said , ` Do you know , my wife has bought some of that . ' " The answer to the first question was subsequently forgotten . Williams , who describes himself as the "  Lunar Ambassador to the United Kingdom , " is the owner of MoonEstates . He claims to have sold around 300,000 acres of moon land since he and his wife , Sue , founded the Cornwall-based company eight years ago . One-acre plots of lunar turf go for about $ 40 . As proof of purchase , new property owners receive a silver tin containing a personalized "  Lunar Deed " and a moon map with a tiny black X marking their tract 's approximate location . Most of the land Williams sells is in the northwest , in an area known as Oceanus Procellarum , or Ocean of Storms -- a desolate lava plain formed by volcanoes billions of years ago . "  I know the Japanese are -LSB- selling -RSB- further east , " he said . Williams received his license to sell lunar land in the UK from Dennis Hope . In 1980 , the Nevada-based entrepreneur claimed ownership of the moon after finding what he calls a loophole in the 1967 United Nations Outer Space Treaty , which forbids countries from owning the moon but , according to Hope , does not forbid individuals from owning it . Hope , who estimates he has sold over 500 million acres of moon land , said he immediately filed a "  declaration of ownership " with the U.N. along with the United States and Russian governments . After 28 years , the moon mogul still has not received a reply . "  I have never heard from them on that note ever , " Hope told CNN in a phone interview . While the U.N. may have ignored Hope 's lunar land claims for almost three decades , it is unlikely the organization will be able ignore what could soon become a question of increasing international importance : Who , exactly , does own the moon ? "  At some point the world community needs to come together and draft some new convention or treaty , " said Paul Dempsey , director of the Institute of Air and Space Law and McGill University in Montreal . "  It is an open wound that needs to be healed . " Dempsey pointed out that at the time the U.N. drafted the Outer Space Treaty , there were only two spacefaring nations -- the U.S. and the Soviet Union . Now there are over a dozen . And many of them , including China , Russia , the U.S. , India and Japan , want to go to the moon . NASA , for example , recently announced plans to return by 2020 , eventually building a permanent base on the lunar surface . The Russian space agency , Roskosmos , has confirmed similar intentions . The burgeoning commercial space sector is also casting its gaze towards Earth 's only natural satellite with companies considering everything from mining the lunar surface to building extraterrestrial resorts on it . "  It is quite a complicated issue because it is international law we are dealing with , " said Niklas Hedman , chief of the Committee Services and Research Section of the U.N. 's Office for Outer Space Affairs in Vienna . There are five treaties that govern international affairs in space , said Hedman . Two of them -- the Outerspace Treaty and the 1979 Moon Agreement -- deal with lunar law . The Outer Space Treaty provides a legal framework for the international use of space for peaceful purposes , including the moon and other celestial bodies . Widely considered the "  Magna Carta of space law , " this treaty lays down the fundamental principle of non-appropriation and that the exploration and use of space shall be the province of all mankind . According to the treaty , states bear international responsibility for national activities in space , including by non-governmental entities . The Outer Space Treaty says governments can not claim ownership of the lunar surface and that stations and installations on the moon shall be open to others , said Hedman . The Moon Agreement builds upon the Outer Space Treaty but also says that any natural resources found on the moon are part of "  the common heritage of mankind " - in other words , they must be shared . While 98 nations , including all the major spacefaring ones , have ratified the Outerspace Treaty , only 13 countries have approved the Moon Agreement -- Kazakhstan , Lebanon , Uruguay and Mexico , to name four . But Hedman said this does not mean the other 179 countries that have not ratified the Moon Agreement are free to make a lunar land rush . "  They are still bound by the fundamental provisions -LSB- of the Outer Space Treaty -RSB- , " he said , adding that "  when enough states of the world have ratified a treaty , and it becomes binding , then certain fundamental provisions become binding even on states that have not ratified it . " Henry Hertzfeld , a space analyst at George Washington University 's Space Policy Institute , said he is not so sure the U.N. 's treaties provide an adequate answer to the question of lunar property rights . "  These treaties do n't really have any teeth to them in terms of enforcement , " said Hertzfeld . "  They are agreements on principle . " Instead of focusing on who owns the moon , the international community needs find ways to incentivize future business activity on the moon by guaranteeing that rights to land and resources will not be preempted by competing interests , said Hertzfeld . "  Owning property is not the issue , the issue is finding a mechanism for businesses to make a fair return on their investment , " he said . "  Otherwise there is no point in investing . " But first , Hertzfeld said , there also needs to be a guarantee that there is something on the moon worth investing in at all . "  My feeling is until we know what is there , we should n't mess with it , " he said . ... . Have you bought land on the moon ? Would you consider purchasing lunar property ? Leave your views and comments in the Sound Off box below .	1967 U.N. Outer Space Treaty says no government can claim the moon 1979 U.N. Moon Agreement says lunar resources "  common heritage of mankind " Experts say treaties outdated , should be renegotiated Companies and countries , including the U.S. and Russia , planning lunar trips
CNN  Doing weird stuff to your body in the name of beauty is n't anything new . Humans have been changing the shape of our skulls , inking ourselves up and sticking things through various protuberances since before we figured out how to write . But now we have Twitter and Facebook and hashtags , so these things seem to sweep around the world faster than a quick trip to the piercing joint . And somehow , many trends these days seem to somehow involve a member of the Kardashian clan . The latest : Lip plumping . By sucking on a jar . To look like Kylie Jenner . Seriously . It even has a hashtag : #KylieJennerChallenge Do n't worry , we said , "  What the ... ? " too . But , we are , after all , in the business of providing you , dear reader , with information about the news , events and trends that surround you . So please read on to learn more about this and other "  beauty " trends inspired by the Kardashians : Used to be , YouTube would teach the kiddos how to put on eyeliner or style their hair like a favorite star . That 's so old-school . Now , the nets say you should stick your lips in a shot glass , suck all the air out and then pull it off to reveal your all-new plump kisser , just like Kylie Jenner . Except , well , see for yourself . The hashtag #KylieJennerChallenge has been trending on Twitter in recent days , with posters showing off the often disturbing results of their efforts . "  Made my chin look like a hickey a week ago and I 'll say iv never felt so dumb , " Twitter user emmaburkie posted Monday . Plenty of folks shared the sentiment . Many were people who 'd tried it . Others were just shaking their heads . Surgeon Dr. Dendy Engelman told Seventeen that the trend is dangerous . "  Not only can significant pain , swelling , and bruising result from these suction techniques , but there is potential risk for scarring and permanent disfigurement with repeated attempts , " Engelman said . Jenner has tweeted her disapproval of the lip-plumping trend she inspired . It 's a trend that predates the Kardashians , but they certainly gave us a lot of it : the sideboob , the flash of breast from the side of a dress , shirt or just about anything else that can be draped on a woman 's body . According to Google , the arbiter of all things , search interest in sideboob has fallen off since its 2012 peak , when Huffington Post dutifully reported "  another day , another sideboob " shot from Kim Kardashian . How about something newer ? Surely you 've heard of the "  belfie " ? A term reportedly coined by Kim Kardashian herself , this charming practice -- a butt selfie -- involves posting self-photography of one 's posterior , thusly : The trend took off last year , with a deluge of broadcast butts and not a little derision , but may have reached its peak with the apparently real belfie stick -- a device for taking "  perfect belfies simply and quickly . " Butt never fear , Kylie Jenner is here to keep the trend going , with a belfie taken just this month liked by 1.4 million people : Here 's a fact for you : In 2014 , the number of women undergoing "  buttock augmentation " rose by a mountainous 86 % , according to the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery Reports . Why ? Kim Kardashian , of course , say the doctors . "  While a rounder , more curvaceous derriere has been in vogue for a number of years , celebrities like  Nicki  Minaj and Kim Kardashian have brought the attention to the rear to an all-time high influencing more women to undergo buttock augmentation to achieve the hourglass look , " Dr. Constantino Mendieta said in an ASAPS statement . And he should know . He bills himself a "  butt augmentation specialist . " Back in the day , folks who wanted to look like Rachel from "  Friends " got her haircut . Now , they get surgery . Well , some of them . Meet Jordan James Parke , who made news this year with an interview with Britain 's The Sun newspaper in which he reportedly said he spent $ 150,000 to look like , you guessed it , Kim Kardashian . He later told US Magazine he does n't want to look exactly like Kim . But he 'd die for her butt . "  I 'd like to get a bum as big as hers , but I wo n't get implants , " the magazine quoted him as saying . "  I 've been looking at body contour -- I want to get lipo on my stomach and back and then they put the fat back into your bum . "	From belfies to butt implants , the Kardashian clan has inspired many a trend The latest : Kylie Jenner 's pouty lips spark the #KylieJennerChallenge
The Republic of Congo 's main north-south road runs right on the edge of Odzala-Kokoua National Park . For now , it remains nothing more than a narrow dirt track and Odzala , the country 's largest park , very much remains one of the world 's last isolated natural Edens . But Mathieu Eckel , head of the park 's anti-poaching unit , knows that is quickly changing . For the past year , Eckel has been gathering evidence of Chinese involvement in ivory poaching , carving and trafficking right along the very same road . He now suspects that the global trade that ends in the markets of Asia is more entrenched in this remote corner of Central Africa than many could have ever imagined . "  We 've had many stories that involve local poachers and Chinese , but to get the Chinese you have to find them with the ivory , " he said . Eckel 's focus has been the dozen or so Chinese construction camps that dot the road . For the last five years , the Chinese state-owned China Road and Bridge Corporation  CRBC  has been under contract to turn the road into a paved highway . But without actually finding the ivory in the hands of Chinese nationals , Eckel has largely been unable to make any arrests and unable to convince authorities to follow any of his leads . The Yengo checkpoint , manned by Eckel 's eco-guards , remains the park 's link to the outside world , making it a crucial location to African Parks ' anti-poaching efforts . African Parks , a non-profit group , runs Odzala . On a morning in which the unit had already tracked down and arrested two suspected poachers , one of the guards entered the gatehouse with even bigger news . "  We got ivory , with the Chinese ! " he shouted to Eckel . Eckel bolted outside to the vehicle just as the Congolese driver lunged for the guard holding the ivory . "  Do n't move , do n't move ! " Eckel shouted , shoving the driver up against the car . Grabbing the carved ivory ring , he questioned the passengers -- two Chinese nationals . A brief interrogation confirmed what Eckel had already suspected . The car was coming from one of the Chinese construction camps , Moyoy . A month ago , the African Parks eco-guards had one of their biggest busts to date , detaining two Chinese nationals with two ivory tusks in their possession . They were based at the same camp , Moyoy . At the time , it was enough for Eckel to get the local prosecutor to go to the camp with him . They found small pieces of ivory scattered on the ground among the pebbles just outside one of the buildings . But rather than being allowed to search the premises , the prosecutor ordered the unit to leave . When asked about the incident , the prosecutor told CNN the search was halted because the translator for the Chinese was away and they could n't conduct a search without explaining to the Chinese why it was happening . Eckel is convinced the camp runs an underground ivory carving workshop and that generally speaking , the Chinese workers in the country are funding and fueling the ivory trade . The Chinese camps that lie along the highway are also located right next to small villages that have always had a history of poaching . Now , Eckel suspects it 's getting worse . "  They ask everybody to get them ivory . So you can imagine a villager and once a day a Chinese asks him -- do you have ivory ? What will he do , this man ? Of course he will become a poacher . " Last year , his unit busted a poacher with three AK-47s who was working on airport construction in the northern city of Ouesso . "  I asked him to call the dealer , and he called him in front of me , and the Chinese man on the phone said that he has a lot of ammunition and a weapon , " Eckel said . It was the first time that he had heard of a Chinese national bringing ammunition to a poacher . The minister of forest economy and sustainable development , Henri Djombo , said he had not noticed an increase in poaching activity since the influx of Chinese nationals to the country . But if any are found to be involved in the illegal trade , they will be prosecuted , he said . "  We do not want the Chinese to be a factor in the illegal activities of elephants ... but those who stray away , break the law , will be punished . " As for the failure to search the Moyoy camp , he said it must have been a matter of incompetence . Back at the checkpoint , the carved ivory ring was yet another link to the Moyoy camp , one that Eckel was determined to take advantage of . In the bag where the ring was found are a computer and a pack of cigarettes . One of the Chinese , an English-speaking manager , denied it was his , and said he did n't know who owned it . "  Ok , you smoke , your cigarettes are inside this bag and it 's not your bag ? " Eckel demanded , calling his guards to handcuff the men . On the drive to jail , the English-speaking boss continued to deny he had any information about the ring or ivory moving through Moyoy camp . When they reached the jail , the Chinese camp manager and others are already waiting . The English-speaking boss then said it was his employee who was the owner of the illegal ivory . His worker signed a written confession in French , a language he does not speak . The United Nations says Asia 's insatiable demand for ivory has almost wiped out Africa 's elephant population . According to U.N. data , the illegal ivory trade has tripled since 1998 . The Project for the Application of Law for Fauna , PALF , a non-governmental wildlife protection organization , works closely with the government but also puts pressure on it to fight corruption and initiate and follow through with arrests . "  No network can function without corrupt authorities , " explains Naftali Honig , PALFs Republic of Congo coordinator . "  From corrupt authorities in the ports where this stuff is being shipped out of all the way to the people facilitating the trade down in the forest , people turning a blind eye , collecting a little bit of a bribe to let a poacher pass with a gun . " Djombo admits , "  there are those who are not working correctly . " The minister said the government has plans to create a joint committee to fight internal corruption . According to the government , there has been an increase in arrests and seizures . "  It 's because of the increase in activity , " the minister said . "  Why ? Because of the international bosses , they are using all means to access these resources through our people , our criminals . Yes , now we need stronger forces , stronger powers to try and stop this phenomena . " In the span of one week in November , PALF teamed with Congolese authorities to carry out four operations in the capital Brazzaville , arresting eight people . Those included a dealer with sculpted ivory and a Chinese national who was attempting to board a flight with ivory jewelry after bribing his way through . But a 10-hour drive away , in one of the areas from which the ivory could be coming , Eckel still does n't have enough evidence to make any more arrests . After their employee signed the confession and was charged with possession of the ivory ring , the Moyoy camp CRBC bosses agreed to allow Eckel 's team to search the camp , in an effort to diffuse the growing tensions . But the next morning , Eckel did n't expect to find anything . His informer had told him where the ivory should be located , but there was a disturbing update . "  This informer told me there was a lot of activity at night ... maybe they took off all the ivory from the camp this night , " Eckel said . The Chinese managers were cooperative , allowing Eckel and his team full access . But they are hardly equipped to search the sprawling facility or the forest around it . "  This white powder , what is it ? " Eckel asked , holding up a tool he found in a back room . It 's to carve wood , the managers said . Eckel was hardly convinced . He 's certain that the connection between this remote corner of Africa and the ivory markets of Asia is stronger than ever .	Anti-poaching leader is convinced Chinese construction camps are conduits for the ivory trade The Congolese government vows to punish anyone found to be connected to poaching A wildlife protection group works with Congolese authorities to find and shut down poachers
CNN  -- We love the glamor of alpine skiing , the glow of tradition , the glitz of stars like Lindsey Vonn , and the gumption of her quest to race the men . But do we love it enough to keep watching when skiing 's "  dark side " is so much more exciting and dangerous ? Freestyle skiing is taking over the Olympics . A global passion for taking two skis to new extremes is reaching its zenith , and the Olympic movement has responded by adding a succession of new events to its program . When slopestyle and ski halfpipe make their debut at the Sochi 2014 Winter Games , freestyle skiers will for the first time have as many medals to aim at as their alpine counterparts . And as fans are increasingly drawn to new , high-octane breeds of winter sport , so top athletes are making the switch too . In 2009 , Kelsey Serwa left behind alpine racing for ski cross . Within two years she had become an X Games gold medalist and world champion . "  Ski cross is full of outcasts from alpine , " the Canadian 23-year-old tells CNN . "  Alpine is so strict on rules . Ski cross is more relaxed , for free spirits or people looking for something more exciting than racing the clock . " Ski cross , a thrilling four-way straight fight to the finish line , blew the socks off TV audiences on its debut at Vancouver 2010 , where Serwa finished fifth overall . For some , it made the blue riband downhill races look almost pedestrian . Serwa calls it the "  dark side " of ski racing . "  It 's so simple , " she says . "  You do n't have to know anything about it , it 's obvious : Whoever is leading is the best , right ? And if they make a mistake and get passed , you see why . You do n't have to understand , just watch and enjoy . " Contrast that with alpine , where even experts can struggle to identify exactly how and why a race was won -- including Serwa . "  I 've raced alpine but even I did n't understand everything , " she admits . "  Is that guy faster than the fastest split time ? Or faster than the fastest racer in general ? It 's kind of like , ' I do n't know what 's going on . ' " As president of the International Skiing History Association , John Fry has been watching alpine skiing for more than half a century . In that time , he has n't solved this problem . "  It 's very difficult , even for a highly trained eye , to see how a race was won . Sometimes you have five or six racers who finish within one second of each other . It 's a built-in problem , " says Fry , who helped to found alpine 's World Cup circuit in the 1960s as the editor of Ski magazine . Yet having witnessed the birth of freestyle skiing in the 1970s and its subsequent explosion , he believes freestyle could end up eating itself . Is the proliferation of events making freestyle as hard to grasp for the novice as the intricacies of downhill ? "  To me , there are too many Olympic events , " he says . "  They keep inventing more and more , and they 're all relatively minor . In your great classic sports such as golf and tennis , which I think are comparable to skiing , you have all this history . "  Commentators and writers can refer to golf 's Masters champions , how Jack Nicklaus did , how Bobby Jones played , and how that compares to today . There 's great history there . "  All these novelties , these new events , have very little history to them . " But Fry also thinks alpine skiing is missing vital chances to broaden its appeal in an era where younger generations , their attention spans waning by the second , are overwhelmed by choice . "  A couple of years ago , when  alpine superstars  Lindsey Vonn and Maria Riesch were virtually tied for the season title , they refused to have a race-off which would have attracted a huge television audience , " he said . "  They did n't let it happen ` because of a rule . ' It 's the same thing now that Vonn wants to race the men . They say : ` No , there 's a rule , women ca n't race . ' "  Can you imagine the international TV audience they would attract with that race ? These opportunities are presented on a platter , but they do n't seem to happen . " For freestyle skiing 's fans , TV is largely irrelevant . Their home is the web , where anyone with the right moves and a camera can find a huge audience . Meet the Hannula brothers -- Ilkka and Verneri , both 19 -- their friend Juho Kilkki , 20 , and cameraman Janne Korpela , 18 . They call themselves Real Skifi . They live in the town of Jyvaskyla , in central Finland , and the internet loves them . "  Our latest episode has been viewed over half a million times , " Korpela tells CNN . "  I did n't dare to dream we would get this popular . " The quartet spend their days and Jyvaskyla 's long , dark midwinter nights finding rails , walls and other beguiling items of street furniture in their hometown . What they find , they ski on . Or over , or under , or through . They call it "  urban skiing . " "  We try to choose our spots so we are n't too close to people 's homes , " says Korpela . "  The one time the police kicked us out was when we were filming about 200 meters from the local hospital , in between two roads . " Dozens of dangerous takes might be needed to get each trick right , but it pays off : short compilations are uploaded to Vimeo and each one becomes a hit with thousands of Facebook fans . There have , as yet , been no serious injuries . Disciplines like slopestyle incorporate a lot of the same moves you will see Real Skifi pulling off in their videos . As a sport , freestyle speaks to them far more than watching one skier after another race the clock down the same old slope -- Vonn or no Vonn . "  It would be boring to just ski down the slope , " says Verneri Hannula . "  That 's why we like to do tricks . When we do tricks , the only limit is our imagination . But when we do alpine skiing , the limit is the 100m-high slope we have . " Kilkki adds : "  The only skiing you see on television is pretty much alpine stuff , and that 's boring to my eyes . "  Freeskiing is a wildly rising sport . Our local ski hill is full of young kids on their new twin tips  double-ended freestyle skis  . That 's one reason our videos have become popular . Freeskiing is a lot different from alpine , the videos are a much bigger part of the sport . " Freestyle skiing now enticingly combines a young , passionate fanbase , avidly consuming the sport through the web , with a raft of Olympic disciplines which are guaranteed mainstream airtime next year . But if alpine racing 's position on top of the pile is ever to be truly threatened , freestyle needs to match alpine 's impressive presence on worldwide TV , which remains the kingmaker of sports even this far into the 21st Century . For example , Olympic downhill champion Vonn  televised  has more than 150,000 Twitter followers ; ski cross world champion Serwa  streamed  has 650 . That makes Sochi 2014 an unparalleled opportunity which freestyle athletes know they must take . "  Alpine will always be strong , it has its roots set pretty deep , " admits Serwa . "  But we 're going to get more followers from a younger crowd . We race at the X Games and that crowd , those kinds of kids will be watching it when they grow up . "  Right now we 're battling most with exposure . I believe we have only three or four races broadcast in Canada this year , and last year we had none , not even a race that was held in Canada . For us to get big , we need that TV time . "  Once people see freestyle skiing , they 'll really get into it . We wo n't have to do anything different from what we 're doing right now to get people to follow it . "	A pair of freestyle skiing events to be introduced at 2014 Winter Olympics The "  dark arts " of slopestyle and ski halfpipe will make their debut at Sochi Several athletes are making switch from alpine competitions , including Kelsey Serwa Some experts say there are too many "  minor " freestyle events included at Games
CNN  -- In the last six months , the Obama administration has been pushing for a change in labor regulations that would , for the first time since the 1970s , make home care workers eligible for overtime pay under the federal Fair Labor Standards Act . While the motive behind the proposed changes is noble , the unintended consequences are too great to overlook . We can all agree that providing higher wages to home care workers would reward professional caregivers , attract more qualified people to this growing industry and improve care for the elderly and disabled . These are common goals for both caregivers and families . However , mandating that home care workers be eligible for overtime pay will have the opposite effect . As the head of a home care agency in Massachusetts , I am required by state law to pay overtime to caregivers who are eligible . For those of us who hoped the law would result in caregivers earning more money , it is disappointing . The reality is that many home care workers ' weekly wages would be higher if overtime pay were not required . Why ? The answer is simple : The law does not -- and can not -- require families or home care agencies to employ the same caregiver once that person reaches the overtime threshold . When a caregiver has put in 40 hours during the week , employers usually switch to other workers who have not yet reached that limit , even if the first worker is available and wants to earn more money . Imagine you are hiring , either directly or through a home care agency , someone to help keep a parent safe and comfortable at home . Your parent does n't need medical services but requires assistance with bathing , dressing , walking , meal preparation and related activities . This "  long term custodial care " is not covered by Medicare , so you have to pay out of pocket . While the costs can add up , it 's less expensive than an assisted living facility . Let 's say you need more than 40 hours of custodial home care every week . If your caregiver wants the extra income , you can arrange for him or her to work more than 40 hours at the wage you have agreed to . But what happens if the hourly rate for the caregiver goes up by 50 % ? If you were paying $ 20/hr through a home care agency , the cost would now come to about $ 28/hr -- a huge increase . Do you keep the same caregiver coming and pay $ 28/hr , or do you hire another one to finish out the week at $ 20/hour ? If , like most families , you are on a budget that stretches every dollar , you would tell the first caregiver to stop work  and stop earning money  at 40 hours of service . You would then hire a second caregiver to finish the week . Opinion : Home care workers deserve protections The fact is that many seniors in our country are living on limited budgets . Any increase in home care wage for caregivers means more money flowing out of the Social Security check or retirement savings of seniors . Most families have little incentive to pay the higher rates associated with overtime work . For a professional caregiver who wants to work more than 40 hours a week at the regular rate  and many do  , that option evaporates when overtime pay is required . Someone who used to work 50 hours now can only work up to 40 hours . In states that require overtime pay , families often choose to not assign overtime hours to their caregivers . Home care workers do not wind up with overtime assignments and higher earnings ; instead , they receive less work and make less money . Seniors who receive care have less access to the caregiver of their choice due to budgetary concerns . This is surely not an outcome sought by those who advocate revising the rules of the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act . Choosing to expand a law whose effect clearly reduces the earnings of lower-earning workers is bad politics and bad policy . Paying home care workers more money would have clear social benefits , but if it comes at the cost of pricing vulnerable seniors out of the home care market or reducing the earning potential of caregivers , then we need to rethink our laws . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jim Reynolds .	Obama administration is revising labor rules to mandate overtime pay for home care workers Jim Reynolds : Motive behind proposal is noble , but law will have opposite effect Caregivers ' weekly wages would be higher if overtime pay were not required , he says Reynolds : Many seniors live on limited budgets and do n't want to pay higher rate for overtime
CNN  -- Nicaragua 's president is calling on U.S. authorities to investigate the death of a Nicaraguan diplomat as quickly as possible so his body can be returned home . Cesar Mercado , the consul of Nicaragua in New York , was found with his throat slashed in his apartment in the Bronx last week . "  We are asking for an investigation in the United States as soon as possible , to be able bring our fallen brother back to his birthplace ... for a Christian burial , " President Daniel Ortega said at an event in Nicaragua 's capital Saturday . Authorities have not said whether Mercado 's death was a homicide or a suicide . "  The investigation is ongoing , and a final determination has not been reached , " Paul Browne , deputy commissioner of the New York Police Department , told CNN Saturday . Mercado also suffered 12 stab wounds in the stomach , New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said Friday . Kelly described a "  hesitation wound " in Mercado 's neck , one that was not delivered in a single motion . That indicates the wound could have been self-inflicted , Kelly told reporters . "  The medical examiner has not determined whether or not this was a homicide , " he said . "  If in fact there is a wound from an assailant , it is generally more direct and in one motion . " Police found a 12-inch steak knife beside a blood-filled bathroom sink and a second knife -- a 4 - to 6-inch paring knife -- in the sink . "  There is a lot of blood in the apartment , " he said , adding that police were analyzing fingerprints found in the blood . He said the autopsy on Mercado is complete and human hair was found in both of his hands -- 10 strands in the right hand and five in the left . It 's not yet known whose hair it was . Police have found no evidence of forced entry or robbery . Security video cameras in the building were not working , Kelly said . Mercado , 34 , was last seen alive Wednesday . His body was found just inside the door of a small , sixth-floor studio apartment in the Bronx on Thursday morning by a driver who had taken him to the United Nations the day before , Kelly said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Marcia Biggs contributed to this report .	Ortega says a quick investigation will allow the diplomat to be buried in his birthplace Authorities have not said whether Cesar Mercado 's death was a homicide or a suicide Police are analyzing fingerprints found in blood in his apartment
CNN  -- Four years ago , John Brennan withdrew from consideration for C.I.A. director because of his leadership role there while serious human rights violations were occurring , including waterboarding and secret detention . Mr. Brennan has said he regrets these practices . Yet he moved from the CIA to the White House , where he began to support a practice many consider worse than torture : targeted killing . Brennan has been a champion and defender of attacks by C.I.A. drones that have killed thousands of people , including hundreds of children , far from any battlefield . These killings have occurred in Pakistan , Somalia and Yemen . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta has recently said the killing is likely to expand to Libya , Mali and Nigeria . Panetta , Brennan and others in the Obama administration defended these lawless killings the same way the Bush administration justified the unlawful treatment of detainees . Officials in both administrations have sought to win public support and overcome opposition by repeatedly asserting that what they are doing is effective and lawful . The tactical parallels are striking . To create an illusion of legality , both administrations coined new labels for unlawful practices . President Bush 's people coined the term "  enhanced interrogation methods " to describe torture , and are still asserting that waterboarding is not torture but an effective , necessary tool to keep the country safe . Brennan unveiled the phrase "  hot battlefield " in a speech at Harvard Law in September 2011 . A "  hot battlefield " is the type found in traditional armed conflicts , where enemy fighters are killed without warning and it is permissible to also kill civilians , as long as their deaths are unintentional collateral damage and not disproportionate to the military objective . The CIA is killing civilians away from "  hot battlefields , " but according to Brennan , there are other types of battlefields that are not "  hot " but nevertheless lawful places to intentionally kill targets and unintentionally those nearby . Opinion : Chuck Hagel is a friend to Israel The parallels between the two administrations do not end with fabricated terminology . Lawyers in the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel in both administrations have written secret memos apparently analyzing the legality of these troubling practices . After the memos were written , waterboarding continued during the Bush administration . President Obama finally ended it with an executive order signed within days of his first inauguration . Guantanamo , however , stayed open , and targeted killing continued . We can safely assume that the memos conclude the United States may lawfully carry out such practices . It is surprising to me that anyone feels the need to actually see these secret memos . International law clearly makes waterboarding , secret detention and targeted killing away from battlefields unlawful . The fact these practices have continued after the writing of the memos demonstrates the analysis is window dressing . The New York Times and the American Civil Liberties Union , among others , have committed significant resources to obtaining the memos on targeted killing . It would , of course , be interesting to compare the specious arguments and omissions that must characterize these memos with those released by the Bush administration on interrogation and detention . Some citizens might actually need to see the memos to finally demand an end to the practice . The greater importance of the secret memos does not concern what they contain , but the fact our democratic government believes legal analysis can be secret -- that how the government understands the law that regulates its conduct need not be made public . The judge in a recent case who ruled the memos might lawfully remain secret has confused the facts of a particular case with the law . Facts about particular operations can be kept secret , but not the law on which such operations are based . If the police seek a warrant , for example , in some cases the identity of a particular person sought under the warrant may be kept confidential . The law mandating the need for the warrant is public . Game playing with the law does not amount to effective counter-terrorism strategy . Brennan admitted as much in his Harvard speech : "  I 've developed a profound appreciation for the role that our values , especially the rule of law , play in keeping our country safe , " he said . "  It 's an appreciation , of course , understood by President Obama . ... That is what I want to talk about this evening : how we have strengthened , and continue to strengthen , our national security by adhering to our values and our laws . " The CIA needs someone who will do what Brennan says , not what he does . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mary Ellen O'Connell .	Mary Ellen O'Connell : Torture , renditions used during John Brennan 's Bush era CIA tenure At Obama White House he backed something worse , she says : targeted drone killings She says both Justice Dept. 's misrepresented both practices , tried to keep legality obscure Writer : For CIA chief , U.S. needs someone who upholds nation 's values . Brennan has not
CNN  -- World number one Roger Federer has crashed out in the second round of the clay-court Rome Masters event , losing in three sets to unseeded Latvian Ernests Gulbis . The top seed looked set to cruise through after taking the opening set , but Gulbis fought back in the next two sets and , despite wasting six previous match points , the world number 40 eventually went through 2-6 6-1 7-5 in a match littered with unforced errors . Federer , who will defend his French Open title at Roland Garros next month , looked woefully out of form and made under 50 per cent of his first serves as he slumped to defeat in just over two hours . The win continued Gulbis ' impressive 2010 , which has seen him claim his first ever ATP Tour title at Delray Beach in February . "  It 's incredible , I was shocked after the match , it 's a great feeling : indescribable , " Gulbis told reporters . It was Federer 's first opening round loss at the Foro Italico since losing to Andrea Gaudenzi in 2002 -- and the first time since the 2000 Monte Carlo Masters that the Swiss maestro had lost his first clay-court match of the season . "  I hope I can bounce back , it 's usually what I do after a loss like this , " said Federer . "  When you lose , you understand how difficult it is to dominate this Tour . "  This knockout format is brutal -- one week you are great and the next week you are terrible , " Federer told reporters . There were no such problems for second seed and 2008 champion Novak Djokovic , who took under an hour to demolish Frenchman Jeremy Chardy 6-1 6-1 . And fourth seed Andy Murray also cruised through , easing to a 6-2 6-4 victory over home favorite Andrea Seppi . However , 16th seed Juan Monaco was beaten 7-6 6-4 by Romanian Victor Hanescu , while ninth seed Mikhail Youzhny lost 6-4 4-6 6-3 to former world number one Lleyton Hewitt .	Top seed Roger Federer crashes out in second round of the Rome Masters The world number one is beaten 2-6 6-1 7-5 by Latvian Ernests Gulbis Second seed Novak Djokovic cruises through after beating Jeremy Chardy 6-1 6-1
CNN  The sounds recorded on one of the "  black boxes " recovered from downed Germanwings Flight 9525 firms up investigators ' theory that the co-pilot locked the captain out of the cockpit and then crashed the plane . "  For God 's sake , open the door ! " Capt. Patrick Sondenheimer screamed as he banged on the cockpit door , pleading with the co-pilot . Thirteen minutes later , the plane slammed into the French Alps . The audio from the plane 's cockpit voice recorder has not been released , but the German newspaper Bild published Sunday what it claims is a summary of the transcript from the recording . CNN translated Bild 's report -- which the newspaper says is based on the 1.5 hours of audio that was on the cockpit voice recorder -- but can not independently verify the information . France 's accident investigation agency , BEA , told CNN that the agency is "  dismayed " by the voice recording leak to Bild . Martine Del Bono , a spokeswoman for the agency , said the leak could not have come from a BEA agent . She said the agency considers the report mere "  voyeurism . " According to Bild 's report , Sondenheimer told co-pilot Andreas Lubitz that he did n't manage to go to the bathroom before takeoff . Lubitz tells him he can go anytime . Lubitz is believed to have locked the pilot of Flight 9525 out of the cockpit before putting the plane on a rapid descent into the mountains , French authorities have said . The flight took off 20 minutes late . After reaching cruising altitude , Sondenheimer asked Lubitz to prepare the landing . Once that 's finished , Lubitz again tells the captain he "  can go anytime . " There is the sound of a seat being pushed backward after which the captain says , "  You can take over . " At 10:29 a.m. , air traffic radar detects that the plane is starting to descend . Three minutes later , air traffic controllers try to contact the plane and receive no answer -- shortly after which an alarm goes off in the cockpit , warning of the "  sink rate , " Bild reported . Next comes the banging . Sondenheimer begs Lubitz to let him in . Passengers then begin to scream , according to the transcript obtained by Bild . Another three minutes pass . A loud metallic bang is heard at 7,000 meters  almost 23,000 feet  . A minute and half later and 2,000 meters  about 6,500 feet  lower to the ground , an alarm says "  Terrain -- pull up ! " "  Open the damn door ! " the pilot says . It 's 10:38 , and the plane is at 4,000 meters  about 13,000 feet  . Lubitz 's breathing can still be heard on the voice recorder , according to Bild 's report . Two minutes later , investigators think they hear the plane 's right wing scrape a mountaintop . Screams can be heard one final time . Cockpit recordings are some of the most sensitive and closely held parts of aviation crash investigations . They 're never officially released , according to CNN aviation reporter Richard Quest . Quest called it "  unbelievable " that the black box audio would be leaked in this manner . Communications between air traffic control and a plane 's cockpit can be downloaded privately , but that 's less common in Europe than it is in the United States . An edited and redacted version of the transcript is usually published in part of a final report on an incident . Although search teams have recovered the cockpit voice recorder , the flight data recorder remains missing . That device could reveal crucial details about what happened during the final moments of the flight . Jean Pierre Michel , lead investigator for the French inquiry , said on Saturday that investigators are not ruling out any scenario with respect to the crash out at this point . But French authorities have said that Lubitz appeared to have crashed Germanwings Flight 9525 deliberately into the Alps on Tuesday as it flew from Barcelona , Spain , toward Dusseldorf , Germany , with 150 people on board . Much attention has focused on Lubitz 's state of mind since then , with suggestions that he may have had mental health issues . Lubitz , 27 , passed his annual pilot recertification medical examination in summer 2014 , a German aviation source told CNN . An official with Lufthansa , which owns Germanwings , said that the exam only tests physical health , not psychological health . The official also said that the company was never given any indication Lubitz was depressed , and that if he went to a doctor on his own , he would have been required to self-report if deemed unfit to fly . A Dusseldorf clinic said he 'd gone there twice , most recently on March 10 , "  concerning a diagnosis . " But the University Clinic said it had not treated Lubitz for depression . The speculation about Lubitz ' mental state is based on a letter found in a waste bin in his Dusseldorf apartment . The note , which was "  slashed , " said Lubitz was not able to do his job , city prosecutor Christoph Kumpa said Friday . The fact that investigators found "  ripped , recent medical leave notes , including for the day of the offense , leads to the preliminary conclusion that the deceased kept his illness secret from his employer and his professional environment , " prosecutors said . Germanwings corroborated that assertion , saying it had never received a sick note from Lubitz . A handful of publications , citing unnamed sources , have reported that Lubitz suffered from various psychological maladies . CNN has not been able to confirm these reports . Lubitz suffered from "  generalized anxiety disorder , " and from severe depression in the past , Le Parisien newspaper reported Sunday , citing sources close to the investigation . In 2010 , Lubitz received injections of antipsychotic medication , the paper said . He was also prescribed a medication that influences neurotransmitters , but it 's unclear when that happened , according to Le Parisien . The newspaper said investigators found a handful of pills in his apartment in addition to two sick notes , which forbade him from working from March 16 to March 29 . The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal , citing unnamed sources , reported Friday that Lubitz suffered from mental illness and kept his diagnosis concealed from his employer . A subsequent report from the Times on Saturday , citing two officials with knowledge of the investigation , said Lubitz sought treatment before the crash for vision problems that might have put his career at risk . However , an official with Lufthansa , said that if Lubitz had vision problems , they would have been discovered during his pilot recertification medical examination . Authorities have not ruled out the vision problems could have been psychosomatic , according to the Times . Citing an unidentified senior investigator , German newspaper Die Welt said that Lubitz suffered from a severe "  psychosomatic illness " and that German police seized prescription drugs that treat the condition . Lubitz suffered from a "  severe subjective burnout syndrome " and from severe depression , the source told the newspaper . News reports also stated that antidepressants were found during the search of his apartment . Investigators are expected to question his relatives , friends and co-workers as they try to pin down what could have prompted the co-pilot to steer a jetliner full of people into a mountainside . Lubitz had a girlfriend , a teacher at a school in Dusseldorf not far from his apartment , according to German media . Who was co-pilot Andreas Lubitz ? Dozens of people attended a remembrance ceremony Saturday for the victims of the crash at a church in a nearby town , Digne-les-Bains , France . Most of the people on the plane were from Germany and Spain . Relatives of the victims and local residents also gathered Saturday afternoon by a simple stone memorial set up near the crash site , in the village of Le Vernet . Flowers have been laid there , in the shadow of the snow-covered peaks of the French Alps . The mayor of one local community said he had seen Lubitz 's father on Thursday evening , describing him as "  a man in deep distress . " "  We get the impression that that man is bearing the whole weight of the disaster on his shoulders , " Bernard Bartolini , the mayor of Prads-Haute-Bleone , said Saturday . "  I can tell that this is a man whose life is totally broken , " Bartolini said . "  He had so much emotion in him . " CNN 's Steve Almasy , Laura Smith-Spark , Frederik Pleitgen , Sandrine Amiel , Jethro Mullen , Lynn Franco , Margot Haddad and Tim Lister contributed to this report .	France 's accident investigation agency , BEA , "  dismayed " by the voice recording leak German newspaper Bild releases a timeline of the flight 's final moments Andreas Lubitz suffered from "  generalized anxiety disorder , " and from severe depression in the past , Le Parisien newspaper reports
CNN  -- Over the next few months CNN will be exploring some of the biggest holidays and events with our iReporters across the world through a special series called CNN Celebrates . We 're kicking things off with Halloween , where elaborate costumes , carved pumpkins and haunted houses all combine to make it one of the world 's most exciting -- and terrifying -- celebrations . Through your iReports we have been able to see how kids , grown-ups , dogs and the supernatural beasts of the world decided to spend this holiday . If you want to add your own photos or videos of this year 's Halloween submit them to the Halloween iReport .	Here are some of your spookiest snaps celebrating Halloween Images include pumpkin babies and demonic dogs iReports from around the world , from Germany to the Phillipines
CNN  -- A grand prix in austerity-hit Greece could be on the horizon according to Formula One boss Bernie Ecclestone . On May 30 , Ecclestone 's company Formula One Licensing registered the ` Formula 1 Mediterranean Grand Prix ' as a trademark . "  The Greeks are keen , " Ecclestone told CNN . "  They want me to go and see the Prime Minister or the mayor , " added Ecclestone , referring to Antonis Samaras and Georgios Kaminis respectively . "  We will have to find out if they have got any money . " Total investment of around $ 1 billion is required to build a track from scratch and cover the F1 hosting fee , which typically runs for 10 years . Private investors are looking at the construction of a track in the Keratsini-Drapetsona municipality , which is six miles to the west of Athens . It would be hard for Greece to justify a publicly funded investment after receiving more than â ‚ ¬ 150 billion in bailouts following the recent recession , with unemployment still above 27 percent -- the highest in eurozone . "  Greece has experienced , and still is in the middle of , a massive crisis , but is now on the verge of stabilization and turning things around very slowly , " said Greece 's leading F1 journalist Dimitris Papadopoulos . "  Priorities must be set on where government funding will go and I 'm pretty sure that an F1 race is not on the priority list on that level . "  We should , however , point out that private initiatives are looking at the possibility of funding the construction of a street circuit in the area of Drapetsona and the hosting of a race . "  The plans have been laid , financial studies have been completed , and the project has been presented to interested parties for financing . "  The Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras sent a letter to the mayor of Drapetsona , by which he provided his full support to this attempt and that is based on private funding . " Legacy Athanasios Papatheodorou -- track architect for the prospective race promoter Dielpis -- says that "  the Prime Minister himself has supported fully the initiative for organizing F1 races and is looking forward to the instruction from the relevant international federations to realize the Dielpis Formula 1 project . "  The greatest benefit for our country would be giving to the world the opportunity to see the most historical port of the Mediterranean sea , " added Papatheodorou . "  And our experience at organizing big events , such as the 2004 Athens Olympic Games , is a big credential for us . " While the Games in Greece were a tremendous success , their legacy has been far from medal-winning and images of the neglected sites recently hit the headlines on the event 's 10-year anniversary . Settlement The bailouts for Greece came from the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank in which Germany has the largest single stake . Ecclestone himself was recently a big contributor to Germany 's economy through paying the largest legal settlement in the country 's history . He paid the state of Bavaria $ 100 million to settle charges , which he denied , that he had paid a $ 44 million bribe to steer the sale of F1 in 2006 to his preferred bidder , the private equity firm CVC . Ecclestone has remained in F1 's driving seat and recently returned to work at the Belgian Grand Prix after the conclusion of the court case . Registering a pan-European trademark for the title ` Formula 1 Mediterranean Grand Prix ' is a key step in the process of bringing the race to the F1 calendar . Wherever possible , Formula One Licensing registers trademarks for the names of upcoming races and prior to the Mediterranean Grand Prix it protected the title to the Austrian Grand Prix which returned to the F1 calendar in June . Changing times A Mediterranean Grand Prix in Greece was first rumored in 2006 by Autosport magazine when it was suggested that the race could be rotated between a number of circuits , starting with Valencia in 2008 and then Paul Ricard in France the year after . Last month F1 announced that the Mexican Grand Prix will return to the calendar next year after a 23-year absence and a new race in Baku , capital of the oil-rich country of Azerbaijan , will take place in 2016 . This year 's new addition is a Grand Prix in Russia on a track which snakes around the park used for the Winter Olympics in Sochi . It 's the product of a partnership between Ecclestone and his personal friend Russian president Vladimir Putin . "  Russia is definitely going ahead , " said Eccelstone . "  Putin has given it 100 % support . He is easy to deal with . A nice guy . Super guy . Trustworthy . "  He is a guy that if he says ` good morning ' you can guarantee that it is before Midday . He wants to get the race done and he will get it done , " added Ecclestone . Support Putin 's resounding show of support comes against a backdrop of calls from UK politicians for the cancellation of the race which is due to take place on October 12 . Conservative MP David Davis , recently said that the "  morally proper " thing for F1 to do is to put the race on hold in light of Moscow 's alleged support for pro-Russian rebels in Ukraine who have been accused of shooting down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 . Britain 's Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has also questioned whether Russia is fit to host either the Grand Prix or the 2018 World Cup "  The question marks I 'm raising will only increase over the next coming weeks and months , over the summer and up to the Grand Prix , " said Clegg . The only F1 race to have been canceled in the past 20 years is the 2011 Bahrain Grand Prix which was dropped due to a civil uprising in the country .	Formula One could introduce a grand prix race in Greece ` Formula 1 Mediterranean Grand Prix ' registered as trademark F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone says Greeks " are keen " Ecclestone confirms all systems go for Russian Grand Prix in Sochi later this year
Armed men attacked the Tripoli headquarters of a privately owned Libyan television channel early Wednesday , causing extensive damage to the building , al-Asema TV reported . At least seven masked men attacked the station just after midnight with small arms and rocket-propelled grenades , causing heavy damage to the building and broadcasting equipment and setting part of it on fire , the station reported . The gunmen made the staff leave the building first , the station said . Al-Asema TV is a privately owned channel affiliated with Mahmoud Jibril , the country 's interim Prime Minister during the 2011 revolution , and his National Front Alliance  NFA  , the liberal political bloc in the General National Congress , Libya 's parliament . The channel is viewed as critical of Islamist parties in Libya especially now , during a time of heightened political polarization in the country . The attack was the latest in a wave of violence targeting Libyan media . Earlier this month , an armed attack on Libya al-Ahrar TV in the eastern city of Benghazi damaged the building and broadcast equipment . And this week , four Libyan journalists were kidnapped in two separate incidents in Tripoli , said Reporters Without Borders  RSF  . One , the editor of a state-owned newspaper , was released on Tuesday . He had been abducted from outside a cafe in central Tripoli a day earlier . The other three -- all of them state television employees -- remain missing . It 's not clear who is behind the kidnappings . In a statement Wednesday , RSF condemned what it described at "  the steadily mounting violence against media personnel in Libya . " "  Reporters Without Borders is extremely worried by the situation in Libya three years after the start of the uprising against the Gadhafi dictatorship and urges the authorities to do everything possible to improve the environment in which the country 's journalists work , " the group said . "  It is in every Libyan 's interest to ensure that media personnel can work safely , without fear of being threatened , attacked , kidnapped or murdered . " The security situation has been deteriorating in the North African country , with Libya 's weak central government unable to rein in militia groups with different regional , tribal , ideological and political loyalties . The government has been struggling with its plans to build an army and police . According to RSF 's 2014 Press Freedom Index , Libya dropped six places and is now ranked 137th out of 180 countries . "  In Libya , freedom of information is under threat from the violence that continues to rock the country , " the group said . "  Working as a journalist is still very arduous nearly three years after the February 2011 uprising against the Gadhafi regime , which used strict media control to hold on to power for more than four decades . The enthusiasm generated by the Libyan ` media spring ' is running out of steam . " Blast at Libyan school injures six children	Reporters Without Borders condemns mounting violence against journalists The gunmen made the staff leave the building first The attack is the latest in a wave of violence targeting Libyan media This week , four journalists were kidnapped
New Delhi  CNN  -- An American woman who authorities say was gang-raped by three men after visiting a popular Hindu temple in northern India was resting in her hotel Wednesday under the protection of a police officer while investigators searched for her attackers . The 31-year-old woman was raped after leaving the Vashishth Temple site around 1 a.m. Tuesday , according to police . After failing to find a taxi to take her back to her hotel , she accepted a ride from three men who took her to a wooded area where they raped and robbed her , authorities said . The woman was examined at a hospital and released , according to police Superintendent Vinod Kumar Dhawan . She was staying at a hotel in Manali with friends , according to authorities . A police escort has been assigned to protect her , they said . The woman was unable to provide significant details about the men or the truck they were driving , making it difficult for police to make an arrest , Dhawan said . Regardless , a special investigative team had been formed and had been carrying out raids at potential hideouts , Dhawan said . Authorities had arrested three men in the case , but the woman said they were not the men who attacked her , according to police . It was unclear if the men , who had been questioned to gain possible leads , remained in custody Wednesday . A spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi confirmed diplomatic officials had been in touch with local authorities about the case , but declined to talk further about it . Violent rapes in India have made headlines recently . A 4-year-old girl died after being sexually assaulted by a 35-year-old man in Ghansaur in April , and a 5-year-old girl was allegedly raped two weeks earlier in New Delhi . Two men were arrested in that case . Six men are facing rape and burglary charges after the rape of a Swiss tourist in March . And a 23-year-old woman was gang-raped on a bus in New Delhi in December and later died of her injuries . Five men were charged in the case ; one has since died in prison . That attack spurred protests across the nation , where most women have stories of sexual harassment and abuse on public transportation or on the streets , according to the Indian Council on Global Relations .	NEW : Police arrest three men , but woman says they were not her attackers Police stage raids in search for American woman 's attackers The woman has n't been able to provide many clues about men who raped her , police say She 's at her hotel under protection of a police officer , official says
Otsuchi , Japan  CNN  -- Kyoko Ogawa wore the brave face the world associated with Japan 's tsunami survivors . The March 11 catastrophe washed away all her earthly possessions . She watched as her hotel burned to the ground in a gas explosion triggered by the tsunami ; a hotel that had been in her family for generations . She was determined not to let the disaster break her . But after the elation of finding her son alive , the reality of losing her livelihood started to erode the calm facade . She was in turmoil . She was afraid to talk to other people about it because she knew everyone was suffering as much as her , if not more . They were "  ganbaru , " she recalls -- enduring , holding on , withstanding , and living with the pain . She could n't be the only one to lose control . "  I was in shock because I realized that all that was precious to me was gone , " she says , six months on from that terrible day . "  I did n't know what to do from then on . I became tormented . " That was the start of a slippery slope down a dark trail of despair . It 's a familiar story in Otsuchi , northeastern Japan , where the devastating earthquake and tsunami turned much of the town in Iwate Prefecture into rubble . Today , much of that physical debris has been cleared away . But the emotional wreckage of the survivors is proving much more difficult to remove , as the mental scars from that day linger months later . In Ogawa 's case , depression could have had tragic consequences for her had she not met Suimei Morikawa , a volunteer psychiatrist who listened patiently to her troubles one day at an evacuation center . Morikawa became the difference between life and death . She says she probably would have ended her life if the doctor had n't been there for her . "  I was so moved by her approach to life , " recalls Morikawa . "  She may have been suffering and wanting to end her life because she had lost so much , but she also desperately wanted to get over that . I was moved by her willingness to get out of her own situation . I just helped her a little . " Concerns about suicide and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder  PTSD  are growing among mental health specialists working in the region . PTSD in particular , a condition which can push people over the edge if not addressed , can show up months after the initial shock . Suicide is also a major concern in Japan . According to the World Health Organization , Japan has the fifth highest suicide rate in the world . More than 30,000 suicides are reported each year , according to the country 's national police agency , with Iwate Prefecture -- one of the regions hit hardest by the tsunami -- having one of the biggest problems . Mariko Ukiyo , a psychologist and volunteer counselor , is part of a therapy group called "  Team Japan 300 . " She and a number of other team members visit temporary villages in the devastated region hoping to treat symptoms of PTSD and ultimately prevent suicides . According to Ukiyo , loneliness and despair take hold when the survivors move from their evacuation center to temporary housing . "  It is only then that people see how their life has changed from their pre-disaster life , " she says . "  The sense of loss and deep grief can overcome you quickly and if you are alone when that happens , you lose all hope for the future . I think this period is when they need help the most . " But getting help to the victims is proving to be a challenge in Japan , a country with limited experience in mental health care historically . Ukiyo says the amount of psychological support received by tsunami victims now is a tenth of what the victims of 9/11 in the United States experienced . According to Ukiyo , the devastating 1995 earthquake in the city of Kobe started to raise awareness about the effects of post-traumatic stress -- particularly among the younger generation -- but many Japanese continue to find it difficult to talk about sorrow and loss because of the shame of appearing weak . Ukiyo 's strategy is to gather the residents in temporary housing for a regular get-together in a relaxed atmosphere . This gives her the opportunity to keep an eye on each of the participants , observing anyone that shows signs of severe distress . The hope is that what starts out as small talk will gradually evolve into people talking about themselves and their problems . But despite her efforts Ukiyo is not optimistic about the region 's future with trauma . "  We are only now starting to hear about sick or depressed people six months after the tsunami , " she says . She believes suicide rates will only increase . Meanwhile , Kyoko Ogawa vows not to be another victim . She says Dr. Morikawa pulled her back from the brink and she is now making plans for the future . She wants to rebuild her hotel and give back to those who helped her . While Ogawa is a success story for Morikawa , he worries about those he will never reach in this devastated region . "  Now that I have met these people , I have grown attached to them , " he says . "  It saddens me that there are still so many people suffering here . I ca n't stand the thought that there may be people who died because they had no-one to talk to . "	Kyoko Ogawa became depressed after losing her hotel in March tsunami She contemplated suicide after being afraid to talk to anyone about her troubles She says a volunteer psychiatrist at an evacuation center saved her Mental health specialists are worried about the impact of the disaster months later
CNN  -- They say travel broadens the mind , but when there 's cake involved other body parts are also at risk of broadening . Sugar lurks around every street corner , particularly since the diabolical cupcake revolution began foisting its caloric concoctions on an unsuspecting public . While cupcakes might be a passing fad , some dessert offerings seem impervious to change . In a few lucky corners of the world , pastry makers have been perfecting their creations for generations , reaching the point where they 're works of art . Here are nine of the world 's oldest pastry shops -- tried and trusted by centuries of cake-hungry visitors . Hofbackerei Edegger-Tax  Graz , Austria This bakery has been coming up with the goods since the 14th century and has been at its current location since 1880 . The ornately carved , arched wooden doors and storefront crowned by the Austro-Hungarian imperial coat of arms -- a gold two-headed eagle holding a sword and a globe above the door -- attest to its age and popularity with local royalty . This was , after all , a "  Purveyor to the Imperial and Royal Court . " Its traditional Sissi Busserl cookies , named after Empress Elizabeth of Austria , are worth trying . Celiac sufferers are in luck -- the bakery might be ancient but it 's keeping up with the times by offering gluten-free products . Hofbackerei Edegger-Tax , Hofgasse 6 , Graz ; . +43 316 83 02 300 La Maison Stohrer  Paris Continuing the theme of royalty with a fondness for fat , Paris 's oldest pastry shop , La Maison Stohrer , can claim regal connections via Poland . In 1725 , when Louis XV married Polish princess Marie Leszczynska , his new bride brought along her father 's pastry chef , Nicolas Stohrer , to Versailles . Five years later Stohrer opened this pastry shop on Rue Montorgueil in Paris , and it 's been serving royalty ever since -- Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II stopped in during her 2004 state visit to France . Commoners are welcome too . Stohrer is credited with inventing "  baba au rhum " -- a booze-soaked brioche named after a character in "  The Thousand and One Nights " -- that 's still a popular choice . It 's worth breaking eye contact from Stohrer 's crammed pastry cases to check out the frescoes created by artist Paul Baudry in 1860 . Maison Stohrer , 51 Rue Montorgueil ; +33 1 42 33 38 20 Pietro Romanengo fu Stefano  Genova , Italy This ancient cafe is heavy on the confectionery and famous for its candied fruit . The company was founded in 1780 , opening the oldest of its two shops on Via Soziglia in 1814 . Not much has changed since . Those visiting in May and June will witness Pietro Romanengo fu Stefano 's staff engaged in annual labors to separate the petals used to produce the cafe 's celebrated rose syrup and rose sugar . Pietro Romanengo fu Stefano , Via Soziglia , 74/76 , Genova ; +39 010 2474574 Ruszwurm Cukraszda  Budapest Anyone visiting the 13th-century Matthias Church in Budapest could do worse than following their tour with a sugary pick-me-up at nearby Ruszwurm Cukraszda . Located in the Buda Castle area , this pastry shop opened in 1827 and has survived sieges , a revolution and World War II . The original Biedermeier-era interior and furniture is still in the shop today . The cabinets along the walls hold a collection of antiques related to confectionery . The traditional Hungarian cream and sponge Dobos cake is a customer favorite , as is the shop 's own creation , the Ruszwurm cream pastry . Ruszwurm Cukraszda , Szentharomsg utca 7 , Budapest ; +36 1 375 5284 Confeitaria Nacional  Lisbon An ornate pastry shop with cream-colored walls trimmed in gold and overlooked by a mirrored ceiling , the Confeitaria Nacional opened in 1829 in a stately corner building on the Praca da Figueira square . It 's still run by descendents of the founder . The traditional Portuguese Christmas cake Bolo-Rei  King 's Cake  was brought to Portugal by Confeitaria Nacional 's Baltazar Rodrigues Castanheiro Filho from the south of France in the 19th century . Based on the seasonal French favorite Gateau des Rois , the Bolo-Rei is a bread-like cake with raisins , candied fruits and nuts . At other times of year , it 's worth trying one of their popular pasteis de nata custard tarts . Confeitaria Nacional , Praca da Figueira 18B , Lisbon ; +351 21 324 3000 Antigua Pasteleria del Pozo  Madrid When a baking shop 's name contains the word "  antique , " it 's either got some history behind it or the pastries are on the stale side . Thankfully , it 's the former with Antigua Pasteleria del Pozo . This Madrid institution opened as a bakery in 1810 and then as a pastry shop in 1830 , claiming the crown as the city 's oldest . It 's stayed true its roots , providing traditional Spanish delicacies like bartolillos , a favorite with the locals . Del Pozo is also famous for its roscon de reyes , a traditional treat usually only available during Epiphany but available here all year . Antigua Pasteleria del Pozo , 8 Calle Pozo , Madrid ; +34 915 22 38 94 Blikle  Warsaw Reportedly a favorite of General Charles de Gaulle and Pope Paul II , Blikle , which opened in 1869 , is still a family business . The shop still operates in its original location , although the premises were completely rebuilt after being destroyed by the retreating Germans near the end of World War II . There are now 20 Blikle shops scattered throughout Poland , but the original is the main attraction . Favorite items include a version of a paczki  Polish doughnut  , a glazed pastry filled with rose petal jam and sprinkled on top with candied orange peel . Visitors will may have to join a line of locals waiting for this one , but they 'll be taking part in a longstanding Warsaw tradition . Blikle , 35 ul . Nowy Swiat 35 , Warsaw ; +48 22 826 45 68 Maison Bertaux  London For those who like a slice of contemporary art alongside their cake , London 's oldest cafe usually obliges . Since 1871 , Maison Bertaux has been bringing French patisserie , including croissant , eclairs , fruit tarts and Gateau Saint-Honore , to the city 's central Soho district . In true French fashion , there 's sidewalk seating available under Maison Bertaux 's distinctive blue awnings . Long a destination for arty types -- it 's near Central St. Martin 's art school -- Maison Bertaux made pop singer Lily Allen 's French wedding cake and late designer Alexander McQueen 's birthday cakes . Famous visitors have included Nicole Kidman and Bob Geldof . Co-owner Tania Wade mounts art shows in the cafe 's basement and upstairs tea room . Next up is the work of actor Timothy Spall , who was recently named best actor at the Cannes Film Festival . Maison Bertaux , 28 , Greek St. , Soho , London ; +44 20 7437 6007 Cafe Tortoni  Buenos Aires OK , we said oldest "  European " pastry shops , but anyone hunting for a bit of France in Buenos Aires should check out Cafe Tortoni . Opened by a French immigrant in 1858 , Tortoni soon become the gathering place for the city 's cultural elite and celebrities from around the world . Einstein , Rubinstein , Borges and Hillary Clinton have all dropped in over the years . Today , visitors can sample the cafe 's hot chocolate with churros  fried dough covered in sugar and cinnamon  , while taking in one of the nightly or weekend tango performances . Cafe Tortoni , 825 Avenida De Mayo , Buenos Aires ; +54 11 4342-4328 Danielle Beurteaux is a New York-based writer whose work has appeared in The New York Times , Health and PopularMechanics.com , and many other outlets . Her website is Daniellebeurteaux .	Hofbackerei Edegger-Tax in Graz , Austria , has been serving cakes since the 14th century Many ancient pastry emporiums , like La Maison Stohrer in Paris , claim royal patronage Ruszwurm Cukraszda in Budapest has survived sieges , a revolution and World War II
CNN  -- The timing and location of the Arapahoe High School shooting make it certain that memories of other mass shootings wo n't go away . Arapahoe happened one day before the anniversary of the Newtown , Connecticut , school shooting . It occurred within 17 miles of two other infamous Colorado gun rampagesâ $ " the Aurora movie theater shooting and Columbine High . The shooter , identified as 18-year-old Karl Halverson Pierson , shot one student before turning the gun on himself and taking his own life , Sheriff Grayson Robinson said . Arapahoe is in suburban Denver . For some people , the tragedies are linked . A mother who picked up her child from Arapahoe shared her family 's anguish . "  My husband was a freshman at Columbine . He 's freaking out right now , " she told told CNN affiliate KCNC . "  It 's bringing back horrible memories of that . And it 's just way too close to home . " Newtown had hoped to quietly remember what happened on December 14 , 2012 . Adam Lanza killed 20 first-graders and six adults at the now-demolished Sandy Hook Elementary in what was the second-deadliest school shooting in U.S. history , following the April 2007 slaying of 32 people at Virginia Tech . City leaders asked journalists to stay away and give the community a chance to grieve , and many news organizations had said they would honor that request in some manner . It 's not known if they 'll stay away in light of Arapahoe . Newtown started an intense national conversation on gun safety but led to little legislative change . Connecticut authorities released a report last month saying they do n't know what motivated Lanza , who briefly attended the school . He killed his mother before going to the school and killed himself . Arapahoe High is about 16 miles from Aurora , Colorado , where a gunman killed 12 people and wounded 58 on July 20 , 2012 , in a movie theater screening a new Batman film . James E. Holmes , then 24 , was taken into custody outside the movie theater . Police said he was dressed head-to-toe in protective tactical gear and sprayed the theater with bullets from an AR-15 rifle , a 12-gauge shotgun and at least one of two .40 - caliber handguns police recovered at the scene . Holmes had colored his hair red and told police he was "  the Joker , " police said . Jury selection for Holmes ' trial was scheduled to begin in February , but the judge said that process could take eight months . The judge vacated the trial date and has not set a new date . Jordan Ghawi , whose sister was killed in Aurora , shared his feelings on Twitter : "  Sitting here at the FD listening to @donlemon on @CNN as my hands are literally shaking . Rush of emotions ranging from solidarity to anger . "  17 miles away from where my sister was killed . My thoughts are once again with Arapahoe Co and the State of Colorado . " On April 20 , 1999 , the Columbine High mass shooting happened about 8 miles from Arapahoe High . Columbine students Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold killed 12 students and one teacher before fatally shooting themselves in the school library . SWAT teams entered Columbine 47 minutes after the shootings started . Five hours passed before law enforcement declared the school under control . In contrast , the first sheriff 's deputies and police officers arrived at Arapahoe and entered almost immediately after the shooting was reported , Sheriff Grayson Robinson said . It is not known if law enforcement altered their protocols because of Columbine . Harris and Klebold made home videos before the attack making references to what they were going to do and apologizing to their parents for it . In the intervening years , Columbine has become a synonym for unfocused , violent teenage rage . Arapahoe is part of the Littleton Public School district and Columbine part of the Jefferson County School District .	"  It 's bringing back horrible memories , " one woman says Newtown , Connecticut , marking one-year anniversary of mass shooting Aurora theater shooting happened 17 miles from Arapahoe Columbine , site of 1999 mass killing , is about eight miles from Arapahoe
CNN  -- They are one of nature 's most spectacular sites : The aurora borealis , or northern lights as they are known , have captivated onlookers for thousands of years . This past weekend saw a particularly stunning display following a phenomenon known as a coronal mass ejection , where the sun spews a burst of particles into space that reach Earth one to three days later . Bursts toward earth can cause electromagnetic storms when they react with the Earth 's magnetic field , resulting in an explosion of color in the sky . "  We see them regularly , but they were quite spectacular -LSB- Sunday -RSB- night , " said Halldor Sigurdsson from Iceland , who captured some of the display . "  A busload of tourists came and they certainly got their money 's worth . " Meanwhile in the tiny Icelandic fishing village of Ólafsvík , photographer , tour guide and occasional fisherman Stefán Ingvar Guðmundsson spent three hours driving around the beautiful Snæfellsjökull glacier near his home to take photos . "  It 's always a big ` wow , ' but last night was overwhelming , " he said Monday . The northern lights have been particularly spectacular in 2013 as the sun is expected to reach the peak of its 11-year solar cycle later this year .	Lights have been particularly stunning in 2013 due to sun 's peak in its 11 year solar cycle iReporters from Iceland , U.S. sent images Lights described as "  overwhelming " by one iReporter
CNN  About 15 years ago , I was doing research on inheritance laws in Malawi and their impact on women . Part of my research methodology was to engage in focus group discussions with women in village settings . In order to do this in any village in Malawi , one has to seek permission from the village chief . And so I did . The chief told me to come back the next day so that he can have time to mobilize the women , as well as give them proper notice of the proposed discussion . When I came back the next day , the "  women " had indeed gathered waiting for me . However I noticed that the "  women " were not women , as such . They were ... kids . Teenage girls . I said to the chief "  I was hoping to talk to women and not to kids or girls , as I do n't think they would understand much about inheritance . " His response was , "  but these are our women ; look , they have babies with them and they are all married . " I was shocked . Then it dawned on me , "  aah , girl-child marriages . " After asking , I found the girls ' ages ranged from 13 to 18 , with two being 24 . This then spurred me into action and it was the beginning of a decade-plus journey of understanding girl-child marriages in my country and fighting for the practice to end . What I found out was disheartening as the statistics came in . I was horrified to learn that Malawi has one of the highest rates of child marriage in the world . It is ranked eighth of the 20 countries that are considered to have the highest rates of child marriage by the U.N. Population Fund . On average , one out of two girls in Malawi will be married by their 18th birthday , according to the United Nations . In 2010 , half of the women  50 %  aged 20 -- 24 years were married or in a union before age 18  compared to 6.4 % of boys  , while 12 % of women married before they were 15 compared to only 1.2 % of men . Child marriage is in both rural and urban areas . It is also higher than the regional average for sub-Saharan Africa  37 %  . ` Law , save the girls ! ' Being a lawyer , I looked to the law . "  My hero the law , save the girls , " I thought ! Yet , I soon found out that this was a complex story . The Constitution of Malawi , which is the supreme law of the land from whom all legal authority is derived , has provided for some measures of protection for all children . However the same Constitution defines children as those aged 16 and below . The United Nations defines children as those aged 18 and below and so to that extent the Constitution does not comply with international standards on definitions of childhood . The Constitution also allows marriages of persons aged 18 and below and it does not have a cut-off point where marriage is actually prohibited . This means for all intents and purposes , the Constitution of the Republic of Malawi allows child marriages . Alas the law had failed me ! False hope ? But there was hope in the air . In February , Malawi 's parliament passed the Marriage , Divorce & Family Relations Bill of 2015 into law . This law was born amid the outcry against girl-child marriage , as the country had realized the dangers of girl-child marriage . Save for a few areas , it is a very progressive piece of legislation , particularly from a women 's rights perspective . Among other things , the law prohibits marriage for anybody below the age of 18 . So , does it mean that the Constitutional provisions fall away ? The spanner in the works is that since the Constitution allows marriage below the age of 18 , the new law to the extent that it prohibits child marriage is invalid . So whilst many have celebrated the new law , I have n't , as girls remain shackled by a Constitutional provision that basically allows child marriage . So until the Constitution changes and recognizes children as those aged 18 and above , and therefore puts marriage age at 18 giving many girls the opportunity to go to school and get educated , I will remain sad as I was 15 years ago . ` Guarantee for poverty ' I will remain sad because I know the cost of child marriage . It deprives girls of education and undermines their self-confidence and self-identity . It also makes them prone to physical and emotional abuse by their so called husbands . Further to this , girl-child marriage inevitably means early parentage and higher risks of maternal mortality . As if this is not enough , studies have shown that girl-child marriage is a risk factor in the transmission of HIV and other sexually transmitted infections , as young wives do not have much bargaining power to negotiate safe sex with older men . Girl-child marriages need to be prohibited tough the Constitution because they are a violation of every conceivable human right including the right to life , health , education , human dignity and development . What I know for sure child marriage is a guarantee for poverty among girls in my country and I want it to end . No ifs or buts . More from African Voices More from Opinions The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Seodi White .	50 % of girls in Malawi will be married by the time they turn 18 Studies show the practice increases the risks of childbirth for both mother and infant New laws preventing child marriage are still overruled by Malawi 's Constitution
CNN  -- If you frequent the pistes of the French Alps , you may see more than just skiers and snowmen scattered around the trails below . For the last 10 years , British artist Simon Beck has been decorating snow-covered lakes and mountainsides with massive geometric designs , often based on fractal patterns , using his footsteps as his implement . Beck 's snow drawings have attracted attention and opportunity beyond the Les Arcs ski resort in France where he got his start . This year alone , he 's delivered TED Talks in Austria and Cyprus , collaborated with New Zealand clothing brand Icebreaker on a series of garments , and has seen his international Facebook following grow to 280,000 . Now he adds Snow Art , a book of over 200 photos he has taken of his work , to his list of accomplishments . From engineering , to orienteering , to art Beck 's journey to art was unconventional . He was working as an orienteering cartographer when he made his first snow drawing , and before that the Oxford graduate was an engineer . He created his first snow drawing , a star on a lake near his apartment at Les Arcs , to pass the time after a day of skiing in 2004 . "  When I did my first drawing , I had no idea how good it was going to look , " he says . "  It 's just so unusual and unique . No one else is doing anything like it . " But it was n't until five years ago , when he recognized the toll that his frequent orienteering trips had taken on his feet , that he started to take his drawings seriously . "  I realized that it would probably be better to do something a bit easier than orienteering , and do something less painful , " he says . Snow drawing went from an occasional hobby to his primary form of exercise during the winter months . One hundred and fifty snow drawings later , quite a few things have changed . Where he was once restricted to scouting locations and photographing his work from mountain tops and ski lifts , he can now afford to work out of an aircraft if he chooses ; instead of winter boots , he now wears snowshoes . His work has gone from a fairly solitary pleasure to something enjoyed by thousands online . However , his techniques have remained the same . Beck still walks as many as 30 km across distances as large as six soccer fields , counting each pace as he would while orienteering , armed with nothing but a compass and a map he designed himself . A single drawing can still take as long as 12 hours to realize . But he now has his art down to science . Beck knows the best terrain  thoroughly frozen lakes  , the best time to shoot  just before the drawing goes into shadow at the end of the day  , and the best conditions  sunny , at least one foot of snow  . He can now shift his focus from creating the perfect drawing to pushing himself creatively . Exploring new territory Earlier this year , Beck spent time in New Zealand and Somerset Beach in the UK creating sand drawings , raking complex designs into the sand to be washed away by encroaching tides . Fans have suggested that he try his hand at working in mud or deserts , or even try mowing a lawn , but he 'd most like to try his hand at creating crop formations . He 'd also like to start exploring more remote lakes in the towns surrounding the Alps , like Zermatt , Switzerland . "  And there are other places I 'd just like to  try  because of the location , like Central Park in New York . I 'd love to do a drawing there , or on the grounds of the White House , Buckingham Palace gardens , or the parks in London , " he adds . "  If you ever got the conditions to be right , it would be fantastic to go and do something like that , and get famous buildings in the background . " Snow Art by Simon Beck  S-Editions  is available for purchase online at snowart.gallery . When art , design and a whole load of plants collide Art works that mess with your sense of scale World 's ` most complicated ' watch sells for record $ 24.4 million	Simon Beck creates geometric shapes in the snow with his footsteps The designs are often inspired by fractals and other mathematical patterns Beck previously worked as an orienteering map-maker , and as an engineer His new book , Snow Art , includes over 200 images of his best works
CNN  -- A Tennessee compounding pharmacy on probation has voluntarily recalled an anti-inflammatory steroid injection in at least 11 states after seven patients developed abscesses in North Carolina and Illinois , officials said Friday . State and federal health organizations are investigating Main Street Family Pharmacy , LLC , in Newbern , Tennessee , and its preservative-free methylprednisolone acetate , or MPA , a steroid product used for a range of conditions . The pharmacy "  is currently on probation as a result of a recent inspection , " the Tennessee Department of Health said in a statement . The agency did n't provide further details . The Tennessee Board of Pharmacy licensed the compounding pharmacy in 1985 , the state health agency said . It was licensed as a manufacturer/wholesaler/distributor in 2010 , the state agency said . Officials with the compounding pharmacy could n't be immediately reached for comment Friday . Cooperating with authorities , the pharmacy has voluntarily recalled all of its sterile products , including MPA , authorities said . No cases of meningitis or other life-threatening infections have been reported , authorities said . "  Health officials believe , in reviewing preliminary information about when the material could have been appropriately used , there is not an ongoing risk to those now needing treatments , " the Tennessee health agency said . Melthyprednisone acetate is an injectable form of a popular steroid medication and is used to treat inflammation throughout the body . It 's most commonly used to treat arthritic joint pain , but can also be used for other conditions like allergic reactions , sports-related injuries , immune system disorders , certain cancers and various other types of inflammatory diseases . In the wake of the recent complications , the Food and Drug Administration and Tennessee health officials began inspecting the facility on Wednesday . "  The pharmacy staff and management have been cooperative , " the state health agency said . "  The pharmacy has agreed to stop sterile compounding pending resolution of the current investigation . " Five people in Illinois developed abscesses after receiving injections of MPA , state health authorities said . All five Illinois patients received the shots at Logan Primary Care clinic in Herrin between January 3 and February 21 , officials said . Two people in North Carolina developed complications after receiving the injections at a clinic in Greenville , state health officials said . The pharmacy shipped MPA to a total of three North Carolina clinics : Carolina Arthritis Center in Pitt County , Bailey Family Practice Center in Nash County , and Shallote Medical Center in Brunswick County . State and local health officials are now working with those three facilities . Illinois health authorities said that one of the cases in North Carolina "  indicates a fungal infection as the cause of an abscess that developed after injection with MPA from the compounding pharmacy . " North Carolina authorities said skin abscesses have been the complications identified so far . The Tennessee pharmacy "  has agreed to voluntary surrender its North Carolina pharmacy license , " according to a statement by North Carolina Board of Pharmacy and the North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services . Besides Illinois and North Carolina , the Tennessee pharmacy has distributed the steroid injection to nine more states : Alabama , Arkansas , California , Florida , Kentucky , Louisiana , Mississippi , New Mexico , and South Carolina . CNN 's Matt Sloane contributed to this report .	Main Street Family Pharmacy in Tennessee voluntarily recalls steroid product in 11 states Five people in Illinois develop abscesses ; two complications develop in North Carolina The pharmacy is currently on probation as a result of a recent inspection No cases of meningitis or other life-threatening infections have been reported
CNN  -- Just two months after an engine cracked and failed during test aboard a Boeing 787 , federal plane inspectors have found a second engine problem on a different Dreamliner , the National Transportation Safety Board announced . The NTSB identified the problem as a cracked fan midshaft on a Dreamliner General Electric GEnx-1B turbofan engine , the group said in a written statement posted on its website Thursday . The 787 had not yet flown when investigators identified the engine problem , investigators said . Inspectors uncovered the cracked second engine during an inspection of all in-service engines of that type , the NTSB said . The statement included no further details of the discovery . The NTSB , which investigates all U.S. civil aviation accidents , said its investigation of the engine troubles is continuing . GEnx engines are manufactured at a General Electric facility in Cincinnati . Related : U.S. domestic 787 flights to start in November The first Dreamliner engine problem occurred on July 28 during a taxi test at Charleston International Airport in South Carolina . No passengers were on board , and no injuries were reported , although burning debris from the failure did cause a small brush fire near the tarmac . Related : Ethiopian Airlines brings 787 to Africa In a third related development , a similar General Electric engine on a different kind of aircraft -- a GEnx-2B on a Boeing 747 -- lost power during takeoff last September 11 at Shanghai Pudong International Airport . That incident is under investigation by the Civil Aviation Administration of China , the NTSB said . Preliminary findings showed that the failed engine 's fan midshaft on the 747 was "  intact and showed no indications of cracking , " the NTSB said . The Federal Aviation Administration , General Electric and Boeing are involved in the Chinese investigation . Boeing rolled out the 787 Dreamliner last year , three years late and billions of dollars over budget . United Airlines is scheduled to begin flying the first U.S. domestic routes for the aircraft in November . Related : 787 myths and facts Fanfare has been loud surrounding the technologically advanced Dreamliner . Among other touted features , it 's the first commercial airliner made mostly of light-weight carbon composites , requiring less fuel than conventional airliners .	Inspectors find second cracked General Electric engine on new 787 airliners First engine cracks found in July during taxi test , NTSB says A similar engine lost power aboard a Boeing 747 in China earlier this month High-tech Dreamliner set to begin U.S. domestic routes in November
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British reality TV star Jade Goody married Sunday after being told by doctors last week that her cancer is terminal . Jade Goody , pictured with fiance Jack Tweed Saturday , before Sunday 's wedding Goody , 27 tied the knot with boyfriend Jack Tweed , 21 , in Hatfield Heath , Essex , east of London , UK media reported . After the ceremony Max Clifford , the couple 's publicist , told waiting reporters that there had been "  lots of tears and smiles and laughter " and that the congregation gave the newlyweds a standing ovation after the signing of the register . Goody sprung to fame in "  Big Brother " in 2002 , going on to launch a range of her own products and host TV shows . But her return to the celebrity edition of the show in 2007 ended in international ignominy , after her taunting of Indian Bollywood star Shilpa Shetty . Goody 's behavior resulted in more than 40,000 complaints and sparked protests in India . Shetty said last week that she was unable to attend the wedding due to filming commitments but was praying for Goody . Read blog about how media covered wedding In August 2008 Goody appeared on the Indian version of "  Big Brother , " only to fly home after she was diagnosed with cervical cancer . News of Goody 's condition has sparked massive interest in the UK , both from the media -- which bid for rights to her story -- and among the public , who have contacted charities for information about cervical cancer . Critics have attacked Goody 's decision to sell rights to what may be her final weeks , although the star has told British media that she wants to leave her children by a previous relationship -- sons , Bobby , five , and Freddie , four -- financially secure . Watch Jade Goody 's wedding preparations " But Clifford told ITN : "  Ironically , a big part of what she 's doing now is to fund her children 's education . To give them the education she never had . " Charity Cancer Research UK said in a statement earlier this month that daily visits to its Web site had increased two - to three-fold since news of Goody 's illness was announced . "  The publicity around Jade 's diagnosis has led many more people to ask questions and seek information about cervical cancer , " spokeswoman Emma Gilgunn-Jones said . Shetty , writing on her blog earlier this week , said that Goody had invited her to the wedding but had been unable to attend due to filming commitments in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . "  Read an article on Jade Goody 's deteriorating condition , " wrote Shetty . "  It disturbed me 'cause the last time I spoke to her , she seemed very positive and we were all expecting that the doctors would be able to curb the cancer from spreading . This piece of news came as a shock - so I called her hoping it was only a rumor but she confirmed it . Shetty added that she was praying for Goody and that she hoped God "  gives her the strength to cope with this pain . " "  She wants the best for her kids , " Shetty wrote . "  I hope Jack makes a good father to them . I also hope for a miracle to happen for her children 's sake . " On Friday the UK 's Ministry of Justice said it would allow Tweed , who was jailed in September 2008 for assault , to spend his wedding night with his bride , the Press Association reported . "  We are absolutely thrilled , " the agency reported Clifford as saying . "  It will be the dream finish to her dream day , and it makes so much difference . Tweed , who was released early from jail in January , has to wear a tag and is subject to a 1900 GMT curfew . "  We 'll get married if I have to drag her wheelchair down the aisle , " he told ITN last week . The wedding dress , which media reports say included a pouch to hold Goody 's medication , was donated by Harrods owner Mohamed al Fayed . Goody 's bridesmaids were seen with the TV star Saturday , wearing plastic bald caps in a show of solidarity at the impact of her chemotherapy treatment .	Publicist : Couple receive standing ovation , lots of tears , laughter , smiles British ` Big Brother ' star fast-tracked plans to get married after cancer spread Shetty says she was invited to ceremony but unable due to film commitments Charities report marked increase in public seeking details about condition
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Sniffer dogs have long been a useful tool in the search for hidden drugs and explosives , but the future looks bleak for man 's best friend as scientists seek to develop a new ultra-sensitive electronic nose device . New electronic nose could work just as well as the snouts on man 's best friend , say researchers . The electronic nose will be able to identify tiny amounts of explosives in high-traffic , high-risk areas , like airports or shipping terminals , according to researchers . Yushan Yan , a chemical and environmental engineering professor at the University of California , Riverside , and his team are in charge of the project . They have just been awarded nearly $ 1 million in grants by the National Science Foundation to develop the nose , which they claim will work just as well , if not better , than sniffer dog snouts . "  The sensor we are developing certainly has many possible applications , " Yan told CNN . "  There are many other scenarios you can imagine . " These include using the hand-held device for military operations to detect hazardous materials or even land mines , he said . They could also be particularly useful in baggage x-ray machines or placed near passenger metal detectors in screening areas , quickly "  breathing " in samples of air as people and luggage pass through . And unlike its animal counterpart , the device wo n't get tired , need bathroom breaks or require food and water , Yan argues . " -LSB- A dog -RSB- takes a lot of training and a person has to be with them all of the time . A dog does n't work 7 days a week and maybe will get into a bad mood , " he added . They say the device will be able to pick up a smell at extremely low concentrations ranging from parts per billion to parts per trillion and will be able to detect dozens of different odors . It will consist of an ultra-thin film made out of zeolite , a porous substance commonly used to refine petroleum . The special film will capture certain gas molecules , like those found in the explosive vapors of TNT . The molecules that are trapped on the membrane will interface with an ultra sensitive sensor array made of carbon nanotubes . Each sensor will generate a specific signal in the presence of different compounds . The signals will combine to form a unique pattern , or fingerprint , that will be identified by computer software as a specific scent -- just as a human nose can differentiate between the smell of an apple and an orange , the electronic one will recognize ammonia gas from that of benzene , said Yan . Over the past decade , "  electronic sensing " or "  e-sensing " technologies , that mimic human senses , have grown significantly , especially from a commercial perspective . They are used by companies to "  smell " everything from beer and wine to spoiled food and medicine . The technology behind reproducing human sense will grow even further in coming years . Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology are currently creating a tiny electronic nose made out of a ceramic material that could also detect a range of gases , including hazardous ones like carbon monoxide . While scientists at Tufts University in Massachusetts are working on a smelling machine that uses strands of dried DNA to identity different scents . Coca-Cola has a smelling machine to analyze corn syrup , while scientists at Nestlé have designed one to sniff coffee aromas . Some cosmetic companies have even used them to smell flower fragrances for their perfumes . However , so far no one has developed an electronic snout that can quite compete with the complex and highly sensitive canine olfactory system . But former dog handler , Bill Heiser is not convinced . Heiser , from Florida , has a faithful black Labrador , Max , who worked in drug detection for years . For him nothing beats working with man 's best friend . "  You get attached , " Heiser told CNN . The most rewarding is you get a dog that literally sometimes has no name , " "  The end result is he is happy go out and work because of his loyalty to you . Each dog has a different personality . "	Electronic nose to detect trace amounts of explosive compounds Device to be used in high-risk areas , like airports and shipping terminals Sensory array will recognize specific gases , like those found in TNT E-nose will equal smelling capabilities of canine nose , say researchers
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The home life Diana Krall shares with husband  and fellow musical brain  Elvis Costello and their 2-year-old twin boys is a little nutty . Diana Krall 's new album , "  Quiet Nights , " was inspired by a trip she made to Brazil . "  It 's zany in the most wonderful way , " says the 44-year-old jazz singer-pianist . "  You have two little boys leaping off the furniture who think they 're Buzz Lightyear while we 're practicing and playing . It 's just a happy house . " Krall 's domestic bliss -- "  domestic " being a new concept for the ever-touring artist -- is suggested in the warm , intimate vibe of her latest album "  Quiet Nights . " "  It 's a very natural process for me , making a record . It ends up being a reflection of where I am at that time . My life is just tremendous right now . It could n't be better , " she says . No kidding . "  Quiet Nights " debuted at No. 3 on the Billboard 200 album charts last week , a career high for Krall . A memorable trip to Brazil in 2007 inspired the Canadian chanteuse to take her 12th album in a bossa nova direction : The title track is the English version of the bossa nova classic "  Corcovado . " She also covers "  The Girl from Ipanema " -- though naturally in her whispery rendition she flips "  girl " to "  boy " -- and gives a fresh spin on Frank Sinatra 's "  Where or When . " Watch Krall find bliss in Brazil " "  There was something about turning ` Where or When ' into a bossa nova that changes the feeling for me of the song , " Krall said . "  It 's much more emotional than if I sang it in a swing feeling . I 've always experimented with that . " Krall brought arranger and conductor Claus Ogerman on board . He was a natural , having worked with Sinatra and Brazilian singer-songwriter Antonio Carlos Jobim who wrote both "  Ipanema " and "  Corcovado . " And Krall co-produced the album with frequent collaborator Tommy LiPuma . "  One of the best parts of making a record is the dinner after where you all you go to the restaurant , you decompress , have some great wine and just tell stories and listen to Claus and Tommy and -LSB- engineer -RSB- Al Schmidt and all these people telling amazing stories , " says Krall . Diana Krall recently sat down with CNN to share some stories of her own about a teenaged letter to Oscar Peterson , idolizing Harry Connick Jr. and Mickey Mouse pancakes . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : This is the first album you 've made since becoming a mother . Does it feel different somehow ? Diana Krall : I think -LSB- this album reflects my present -RSB- state of mind . It 's not about loss , it 's not preparing for loss . I 'm not peeling grapes . Life has changed a lot and it 's not just about performing and touring . It 's motherhood and having a home for the first time , because I 've always been on the road . So it 's an incredible thing to be making Mickey Mouse pancakes in the morning while you 're doing your interviews . CNN : You 've been producing Barbara Streisand 's new album . What has that been like ? Krall : Incredible . I just am so thrilled with her performance on this album . -LSB- She gives -RSB- one of the most incredible performances I think of her career on a song called "  You Must Believe in Spring " with a great pianist from New York named Phil Charlap . It 's just piano and voice and it 's so incredibly stunning . She said to me , "  Maybe it needs some strings or something . " I said "  Do n't touch it ! Just leave it ! It 's gorgeous ! " It 's been great working artist to artist and we had a lot of fun . We played cards . So when there were moments in the studio where there was something technical that had to be fixed , we 'd deal the cards and we 'd play gin rummy , which I 'm lousy at . Thank goodness . CNN : This is the first album you 've produced for another artist . Way to choose somebody really small to start off with . Krall : She chose me ! I had a few phone calls and it was a little daunting , but it was a great experience and really , really intense , as you would expect it to be . CNN : Some people were a little put out by your record "  The Girl in the Other Room " because you strayed from jazz . How did you process that reaction ? Krall : Somebody 's always put out with anything I do  laughs  . "  Why 'd you do ` The Look of Love ? ' " "  Why do n't you do ` The Look of Love ' again ? " I do n't know ! I 'm too busy trying to put the Lego back in the box , and making sure nobody 's eating all the Play-Doh . That record did very well and a lot of people say to me , "  That 's my favorite record . " And I wrote -LSB- it -RSB- with my husband , so I do n't really look back . I look forward . And I 've got a pretty loyal audience . CNN : What would you say to your sons if they tell you they want to be musicians when they grow up ? Krall : They should do whatever makes them happy . This is what they know so if that 's what they choose to do -- who knows . They could be like my mom and my dad and be a teacher-librarian and a chartered accountant . That 's fine too . A month ago I found this letter I wrote to Oscar Peterson when I was 16 years old and my mom had saved it for me and put it in a box in the attic . It was a five-page letter I wrote to Oscar Peterson saying , "  Dear Oscar , I 'm 16 years old and I hear a professional musician 's life is a very difficult one but I know this is the only life I want to have . " And it was really enlightening for me to see the focus of a 16-year-old . It reminded me of how much I love the music and always wanted to do what I 'm doing , so how lucky am I ? CNN : But it 's not all luck . Krall : I think it 's a lot of luck . I think I started in a very good time . When I went to see that film "  When Harry Met Sally , " and I heard Harry Connick playing the piano , I though there 's somebody who 's my age and he 's playing the music that I love . And I felt like there was a kindred spirit and it inspired me to go , "  I want to do exactly what he 's doing . " And I still owe a lot of thanks to Harry . I 've only met him like a couple of times , but he 's still a favorite artist of mine .	Diana Krall 's new album , "  Quiet Nights , " features bossa nova interpretations Singer-pianist is producing Barbara Streisand 's new album She 's doing what she loves ; "  How lucky am I ? " she says
A former University of North Carolina football player has become the first to sue the university over an 18-year academic scandal that kept athletes eligible to play sports by taking classes that never met . Mike McAdoo was a football player who lost his eligibility in 2011 when he was accused of getting too much help with a paper , and was one of the first athletes revealed to have taken part in "  paper classes , " for which the only requirement was completing a single paper . Now he 's suing the university in federal court , saying UNC broke its promise to give him an education in return for playing sports . His lawsuit is a class-action suit that the other 3,100 students who enrolled in the fake classes -- nearly half of whom are athletes -- could easily join . "  From selection of a major to selection of courses , the UNC football program controlled football student-athletes ' academic track , with the sole purpose of ensuring that football student-athletes were eligible to participate in athletics , rather than actually educating them , " says his lawsuit , filed Thursday by the law firms of Ferguson , Chambers & Sumter in Charlotte , North Carolina , and Mehri and Skalet in Washington , D.C. "  UNC has reaped substantial profits from football student-athletes ' performance for the school , but it has not provided them a legitimate education in return . As such , UNC has breached its contract with Plaintiff and Class members , in violation of North Carolina common law , " wrote his attorney , Jeremi Duru , who is also a professor of law at the Washington College of Law . On Monday , the school responded to the suit : "  The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill became aware Friday of the lawsuit filed by former student Michael McAdoo . The University will reserve further comment until we 've had the opportunity to fully review the claims , " said Rick White , associate vice chancellor for communications and public affairs at UNC . McAdoo 's story McAdoo , who spoke to CNN earlier this year , says he was recruited by many schools as a high school senior but chose UNC because he was promised a good education . "  When the coaches and academic staff came to my house all the way in Tennessee , you know they , they was n't even talking football , they was talking academics , " he told CNN earlier this year . "  So they were saying , ` You know what , we ca n't promise your son that he 's going to go to the NFL , but one thing that we can promise him is that he will get a college degree . ' " That did n't happen . McAdoo lost his eligibility and never graduated , caught up in the paper class scandal that was known to and used by about two dozen administrators , according to a scathing independent report released last month . McAdoo was a pretty good student , but his grades and test scores fell much below the average student admitted to UNC , a top national public school with a reputation for rigorous academics and selective admission . McAdoo 's high school GPA was 2.9 . Most admitted UNC students have high school GPAs between 3.6 and 4.3 , according to the school 's website . The report last month by former federal prosecutor Ken Wainstein followed an eight-month investigation and confirmed what whistleblowers had been saying : Many student athletes were admitted to play sports when they were underprepared for college classes at UNC . McAdoo told CNN earlier this year that he felt he was scapegoated in 2011 , when he was kicked off the team for cheating . Since 2011 , when the fraud first came to light , the university has refused to acknowledge that members of the academic support staff knew about the paper classes and funneled athletes into them in the way that McAdoo described . He insisted they did know , and his story matched that of whistleblower Mary Willingham , who was also disregarded by the university administration for years and is also suing the school . UNC in January : We failed students ` for years ' McAdoo told CNN he had expressed interest in studying criminal justice , but was told on his first day of scheduling that he had to pick from three majors that fit his football schedule -- Exercise and Sport Science , Communications , and African-American Studies , where the paper class scandal existed . McAdoo said his predetermined schedule included some of the paper classes . The report done by Wainstein , a partner with Cadwalader , Wickersham & Taft , found that many of the things McAdoo told CNN were true . There were , the report said , nearly 30 staffers and administrators who knew about the paper classes , including McAdoo 's academic advisor , Beth Bridger . Then-head football coach Butch Davis also acknowledged knowing about the scheme . "  I lost an education . I lost trust in the school -- someone I thought had my best interest . I definitely lost out on two seasons of football which would have put me in a better situation than I am now , " McAdoo told CNN shortly after Wainstein 's report was made public . In the suit , Duru asks that a judge appoint someone to make sure that student athletes are no longer forced into certain majors as a condition of playing sports . "  We 're not trying to vilify UNC , we 're trying to restore one of its greatest traditions , " Duru said . It also seeks some kind of relief for the athletes like McAdoo who did not get the education they were promised . "  Now the key is trying to make it right for those student athletes who were done wrong , " Duru said . What this could mean McAdoo 's lawsuit could potentially uncover even more than the damning Wainstein investigation , which was by far the most thorough and provided a slew of information that had previously been discounted by UNC . The difference is in the power of subpoena . McAdoo 's lawyers will be able to depose people who declined to talk to Wainstein -- potentially key participants whom Wainstein called out for refusing to cooperate , like the former director of football Cynthia Reynolds and the former interim head football coach Everett Withers . Withers is now a coach at James Madison University and Reynolds is in academics at Cornell . The former associate dean and director of the men 's basketball team , Carolyn Cannon , and another counselor for football , Octavus Barnes , also refused to cooperate , according to the Wainstein report . Willingham , who is suing UNC in a whistleblower-related lawsuit , said she also hopes to depose people who were not interviewed by Wainstein 's team , such as members of the board of trustees . "  There 's still a lot of denial , and Wainstein did not conduct his investigation with anyone under oath , nor did he have subpoena power , " Willingham said .	Mike McAdoo is a former football player who was involved in the scandal He lost his eligibility and says he was cheated out of an education A report last month found UNC used fake classes to keep athletes eligible McAdoo 's class-action suit could include other athletes who took the classes
NEW YORK  CNN  -- An online campaign in support of a former U.S. Marine -- arrested for attempting to security-check his pistol while visiting the Empire State Building -- is bringing new attention and a fair amount of scrutiny to one of the nation 's toughest gun-control laws . Ryan Jerome , 28 , was charged with criminal possession of his .45 - caliber Ruger while visiting the famous New York landmark during a September vacation with his girlfriend . Jerome has a license to carry the weapon from his home state of Indiana , but New Yorks state gun laws do not recognize out-of-state permits . With his case still pending , Jerome could face up to three and a half years in jail . Jerome 's attorney says its clear his client , who does not have a criminal record , was n't attempting anything nefarious because Jerome approached security on his own to tell the guards about his weapon . But the law prohibits anyone -- with certain exceptions such as law enforcement officers -- from carrying a firearm in the state unless that person specifically has a New York state-issued permit . Jerome spent two days in a jail cell before he could make bail . "  I was in utter disbelief , I was in shock , " said Jerome . His arrest is one amid a series of similar instances that have some questioning whether New York state 's strict gun laws , which aim to protect public safety , are unnecessarily targeting law-abiding citizens . "  We just do n't believe , as I believe most do n't think , that he should be prosecuted under such a stringent statute which is clearly designed to get the so-called bad guys , " said Jerome 's attorney , Mark Bederow . Fellow Marines , on a website called leatherneck.com are rallying to Jerome 's side and have begun a letter-writing campaign . David Bruce says he 's been sending the letters to New York City law enforcement officials . "  We 're asking that Ryan Jerome 's case be moved from the prosecution file to dismissed file -- it 's as simple as that , " Bruce said . Jerome attempted to check New York 's gun laws on his cell phone , but his lawyer says Jerome "  made a mistake , " when he read the information . "  Its just been a real nightmare , " Jerome told CNN . Other gun-toting tourists have also found themselves in similar situations Tea party activist Mark Meckler , who according to the Transportation Security Administration legally checked his unloaded California-registered pistol in a locked box during a preflight check-in at New York 's LaGuardia airport , was arrested at the airport in December . Authorities say in Meckler 's case , the original charge was reduced to a violation and a fine . Last month , a Tennessee medical student was arrested at the 9/11 memorial after trying to check her gun ; she will go to court in March . The head of a prominent New York City gun-control group sympathizes with Jerome , but says the gun laws should not change . "  New York needs to send a very powerful message to gun owners , which is if you decide to have a gun , there 's a lot of responsibility that comes with that , " the president of the Citizens Crime Commission of New York City , Richard Aborn , told CNN , "  And one of those responsibilities is knowing where and when you can carry that gun . " As for Jerome , his fate is in the hands of the Manhattan district attorney . Its unclear what prosecutors will do with this case "  All of our laws allow prosecutors to carefully evaluate the facts and circumstances unique to each case , and exercise discretion in cases where justice dictates leniency , " said Erin M. Duggan , director of communications for the district attorney 's office . She added , "  New York state has enacted rational gun laws for one very simple reason : to protect everyone visiting , living , or working in New York . " Jerome is expected to be back in court in March . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	Ryan Jerome was arrested when he tried to security-check his pistol The former Marine has a permit for the gun in his home state , but he was visiting New York The state requires that gun-toting visitors have a New York-issued permit People carrying guns are arrested even though they have permits from their home states
CNN  -- The fiery crash that Jenelle Embrey witnessed last year prompted her to become a leading critic of the Jeep Cherokee 's safety record . The car driving behind her was rear-ended by a truck on a highway near Winchester , Virginia , in October . The 1998 Jeep Cherokee crumpled like an accordion when a tractor-trailer hit it at more than 60 mph . All three occupants were alive after the impact , Embrey says . But two of them died in the subsequent fire . "  The whole thing had gone up in flames , " she said . "  And we watched those people burn to death . " Desperate to help , her father , Harry Hamilton , ran to the Jeep and broke the windows with his bare hands . Chrysler recall controversy : What 's next He pulled Zackary Santor out alive . But Heather Santor , his mother , could not be saved . Nor could the other young passenger , Acoye Breckenridge . "  He was hollering and screaming and waving his hands , " Hamilton recalled . "  And his head -- the back of his head was burning . " Hamilton says the wreck was a searing experience . "  It was days before I could sleep over 10 minutes of time , " he said . But were these tragic fatalities in any way related to the Jeep 's design ? Or were they simply the unfortunate outcome of an unsurvivable crash ? Chrysler Group , which owns Jeep , says that the model of the Grand Cherokee meets safety standards . Embrey says the people would not have died if the fuel tank of the Jeep Cherokee was not so far back toward the rear of the vehicle . "  They can take another vehicle and run into the back of that vehicle up to 70 miles an hour , and it does n't catch fire , " she said , "  because there is n't a gas tank right there . " But Chrysler Group sees it differently . The company says statistics show that Jeep models such as the Cherokee are no worse or better in rear-end crashes than similar vehicles by other makers from that period . "  The 1998 Jeep Grand Cherokee meets and exceeds all applicable federal safety standards , " the company says in a statement , "  including the stringent requirements of the applicable FMVSS 301 -- the standard by which a vehicle 's fuel system design is evaluated in the U.S. -- and has an excellent safety record over many registered vehicle years . " Embrey has mounted a personal campaign against the Jeep design . Her online petition has drawn more than 100,000 signatures , and she has spent thousands of dollars of her own money to buy billboards criticizing the company . But Chrysler maintains that the root cause of the Winchester fatalities was the crash impact . "  This tragedy was the result of a violent , high energy crash caused by a distracted tractor-trailer truck driver who rammed into the back of the 1998 Jeep Grand Cherokee at highway speed , " it says . In a rare rebuff , Chrysler Group has refused a National Highway Traffic Safety Administration request for a recall of 2.7 million SUVs . The government agency says the gas tank design used in 1993 to 2004 Jeep Grand Cherokees and 2002 to 2007 Jeep Libertys is unsafe . Chrysler says that the design of the gas tank is commonly accepted in many other vehicles . It 's the first time since 1996 that an automaker has fully challenged a recall demand from the safety agency . CNN 's David Gracey contributed to this report .	Jenelle Embrey says the fiery crash occurred because of the placement of the fuel tank Chrysler rejects request to recall 2.7 million vehicles It 's the first time since 1996 that an automaker has fully challenged a recall demand
Nancy Pelosi does n't understand why House Speaker John Boehner and newly-elected Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell have been on the cover of Time magazine in light of their electoral victories , but she has not . "  I was never on Time magazine cover even though I was first women to be  Speaker  , " Rep. Pelosi , D-California , said . "  Is n't that a curiosity ? That the Republicans win , Boehner 's on Time magazine . Mitch McConnell wins , he 's on the cover of Time magazine . Is n't there a pattern here ? " Pelosi 's comments came as a reaction to a press conference question Thursday about whether she has considered stepping down as minority leader in light of the Democrats losing the House for the fourth time since she led the chamber in 2011 . Charging that the question was unnecessary , Pelosi said she is now thinking that she has "  a mission for women on this score . " ` When was the day when any of you said Mitch McConnell , when they lost  taking back  the Senate three times in a row , ` Are n't you getting a little old , Mitch ? Should n't you step aside , ' " Pelosi asked . "  Have any of you ever asked him that question ? " "  It 's just is interesting as a women to see how many time that question asked as a women and how many times that question is never asked of Mitch McConnell , " she continued . Pelosi , a 27-year veteran of Congress , said the issue should n't have even come up , and that her record and speaks for itself . "  I 'm here as long as my members want me to be here , as long as there 's a reason to be here . I 'm not here on a schedule , on anything except a mission to get a job done . " Addressing reporters , Pelosi wrapped her remarks asking , "  With all due respect to all of you . But as a woman , ` Is there a message here ? Is there something that we 're missing ? ' " Other females have appeared on the cover of Time Magazine around 2008 when Pelosi was historically elected as the first female Speaker of the House . In 2007 , the magazine put then-Senator Hillary Clinton on its ' November issue cover and in February of that year , then-Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice also graced the front of the publication . Other notable politicians also received the prime cover position , including George W. Bush in 2007 , and then-Senator Barack Obama , who was on the cover just before the 2006 election under the headline : "  The Next President ? " In 2011 , Pelosi took a dig at both Time Magazine and Newsweek by appearing on the cover of Ms. Magazine under the headline : "  The Woman Time and Newsweek Wo n't Put On Their Covers . "	Pelosi pointed out Thursday that she 's never been on the cover of Time magazine She said her Republican counterparts have been on prominent magazine covers Pelosi , who has been in Congress 27 years , was asked if she 'd consider stepping down
CNN  -- Is the future of computers a hybrid gadget that will combine the battery life and computing heft of a laptop with the portability and ease-of-use of a tablet ? Some in the industry are leaning toward "  yes . " But Apple CEO Tim Cook pointedly says "  no . " "  Anything can be forced to converge , but the problem is that products are about tradeoffs , and you begin to make tradeoffs to the point where what you have left at the end of the day does n't please anyone , " Cook said Tuesday in response to a question during Apple 's quarterly earnings report . "  You can converge a toaster and refrigerator , but those things are probably not going to be pleasing to the user . " Cook 's comments were at least in part a not-so-veiled jab at Microsoft , which , with its upcoming Windows 8 operating system , will be combining its PC and tablet operating systems . The system is available in a beta format now and is expected to be released as a finished product this fall . A Microsoft spokesperson declined to comment for this article . But on Twitter , lead Microsoft spokesman Frank Shaw made his own playful , appliance-oriented swipe . "  Must be a typo . It 's not a toaster/fridge . It 's a toaster/oven , " Shaw wrote Tuesday . "  Those seem pretty popular . Just saying . " A late entrant , Windows has recently seen some relative success in the smartphone market , most notably with the Nokia Lumia phones , which have sold more than 2 million units since they started rolling out in October . Windows 8 is considered the computing giant 's most serious push to become a player in the tablet market as well . The system is a ground-up overhaul of its industry-leading operating system that has garnered positive reviews since it was released in beta form about a month and a half ago . Currently , there 's no new product announced that would qualify as a Windows 8-powered , tablet-PC hybrid . But it 's definitely on folks ' minds . Intel has shown off a prototype of a computer that flips from "  consumption mode "  i.e. a tablet  to "  work mode "  a laptop similar to the emerging line of sleek Ultrabooks  . Apple , of course , has dominated the tablet market since unveiling the iPad in 2010 . On Tuesday , Apple announced it sold 11.8 million iPads in the first quarter of this year , bringing the total sold to 67 million in roughly two years . It took the company 24 years to sell that many Macintosh computers . As such , the company has little obvious reason to tout the need , or desire , for a new kind of device when it 's pounding the competition with the current one . "  The tablet market is going to be huge , " Cook said . "  As the ecosystem gets better and better and we continue to double down on making great products , I think the limit here is nowhere in sight . " But some observers said Wednesday that Cook 's reluctance to embrace a possible tablet-laptop convergence seems a bit ironic . "  That sounds familiar . Was n't there some other device that critics said would fail because it combined too many things ? " wrote Business Insider 's Matt Rosoff . "  Oh yeah . The iPhone . Which has sold 70 million units in the last six months . " He provided links to multiple articles , including his own , from 2007 that questioned whether a pricey phone that sends e-mail , surfs the Web , plays video games and lets you listen to iTunes would catch on . Or to put it differently , it was a product that combined a toaster , a refrigerator and a few other appliances to boot . "  The point is : sometimes convergence works , " Rosoff wrote . "  If you combine features that people want in a smart way , and sell it at the right price , it can work . Tim Cook of all people should know that . "	Apple CEO : Tablet-PC hybrids are like combining toasters and refrigerators Microsoft is making a play with Windows 8 for tablets and PCs With iPad sales soaring , Apple has little reason to push for a new gadget Microsoft says converging operating systems are the future of computing
CNN  -- A man who police say had a dispute with Doe B has been charged with killing the rapper and a woman at an Alabama nightclub over the weekend . Jason McWilliams , 25 , turned himself in Sunday night to detectives who are investigating the shooting at the Centennial Hill Bar and Grill in Montgomery early Saturday . Doe B , a 22-year-old Montgomery native whose real name is Glenn Thomas , and Kimbrele Johnson , a 21-year-old college student , died from gunshots , police said . Six other people were wounded . "  The circumstances surrounding the shooting were initially unknown , but further investigation indicates that the shooting stemmed from an ongoing dispute between McWilliams and Thomas , " a Montgomery Police news release said Monday . A patch over Doe B 's right eye became the entertainer 's trademark after he was wounded in a previous shooting , according to Billboard magazine . Coincidentally , the mug shot of McWilliams , who is being held without bond on two counts of capital murder , showed the suspect wearing a black patch over his right eye . On the cover of his new album , "  Baby Jesus , " a baby is pictured dressed like Doe B with the eye patch and with additional bullet wounds on the left arm . The nightclub where Saturday 's shooting happened got a reputation with city officials after a shooting there last year , which Montgomery media reported . Back then , it was called the Rose Supper Club , but it changed its name after the violence . Montgomery 's mayor shut the club down after the latest violence . The city had given Centennial Hill repeated warnings , Mayor Todd Strange said in a statement . "  I believe it is not a matter of ` if , ' but ` when ' the next tragic incident occurs at this business , " Strange said . "  That is unacceptable , and that is why we have ordered the business to be closed effective immediately . " Thomas had recently been on tour . Colorful placards announcing his performances marked the path of his December concert rounds through his state and to Atlanta . He then returned to the club in his hometown , where his life was taken . CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Murder suspect Jason McWilliams , 25 , turned himself in Sunday night McWilliams is being held without bond on two counts of capital murder The nightclub where Saturday 's shooting happened has been closed by Montgomery The shooting stemmed from an ongoing dispute between the rapper and suspect , police say
LINCOLN , Nebraska  CNN  -- Lincoln Industries looks like a typical blue-collar plant : workers cutting , bending , plating and polishing steel for products such as motorcycle tailpipes and truck exhausts amid the din of machinery . Howard Tegtmeier , right , leads co-workers in stretching before their shift starts at Lincoln Industries . But the 565-employee Nebraska company is different . Lincoln Industries has three full-time employees devoted to "  wellness " and offers on-site massages and pre-shift stretching . Most unusual of all : The company requires all employees to undergo quarterly checkups measuring weight , body fat and flexibility . It also conducts annual blood , vision and hearing tests . "  When you get the encouragement from somebody to help you with nutrition and to help with a more active lifestyle , it makes it easier to be able to attain a lifestyle that most people want to attain anyway , " says Hank Orme , president of Lincoln Industries . The program has been in place 16 years . The company ranks workers on their fitness , from platinum , gold and silver down to "  non-medal . " To achieve platinum , they must reach fitness goals and be nonsmokers -- and the company offers smoking cessation classes . For employees , reaching platinum means a three-day , company-paid trip each summer to climb a 14,000-foot peak in Colorado . This year , 103 qualified , the most ever . And 70 made the climb . For the company , the payoff is significantly lower health-care costs . The company pays less than $ 4,000 per employee , about half the regional average and a savings of more than $ 2 million . That makes the $ 400,000 Lincoln Industries spends each year on wellness a bargain . Watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta on wellness at work " "  The return on investment is extraordinary , " Orme says . The investment in "  wellness " pays other dividends , according to Orme . He says fitter workers are more productive , have better morale and are safer . As evidence , he points to worker 's compensation claims . Ongoing safety training and an increasingly fit work force have pushed worker 's comp costs down from $ 500,000 five years ago to less than $ 10,000 so far this year . Seven years ago , shift leader Howard Tegtmeier was in the non-medal category . The 49-year-old smoked , drank , was overweight and took 12 pills a day to treat high blood pressure , high cholesterol and diabetes . "  I just made the decision it was time to change my life , and the wellness program showed me ways to do that , " Tegtmeier says . Tegtmeier says he no longer smokes or drinks . His weight is down from 230 to 180 , thanks to diet and exercise . His cholesterol and blood pressure are also down , and he says he no longer needs medication . Tonya Vyhlidal , Wellness and Life Enhancement director , says Lincoln Industries does n't pressure workers who do n't want to participate . But sooner or later , she says , the company 's "  culture " attracts most employees to live healthier lives . The company sponsors races , helps with gym memberships or exercise equipment , offers healthy choices in the vending machines and hosts classes on health and nutrition . "  There 's a way to engage everyone . Even those that are really resistant , " Vyhlidal says , adding that she 'll offer employees suggestions based on what makes them feel fulfilled : "  Do you like to ride a bike ? Ride a bike . Do you like to cook ? You may need a different cookbook . " This month , Tegtmeier and 69 co-workers climbed Mount Bierstadt , a 14,060-foot mountain . All of them reached the summit . It was Tegtmeier 's fourth climb with the company . "  The view up here is wonderful , " he said .	Nebraska company grades employees on how healthy they are All employees have quarterly checks of weight , body fat and flexibility Firm 's per-employee health-care cost is $ 4,000 annually , about half regional average Company president : Fitter workers more productive , have better morale , are safer
Mafraq , Jordan  CNN  -- In the Mafraq region of northern Jordan , it 's not unusual to witness a shepherd guide his flock along a busy highway . This is Bedouin country after all , roughly two hours drive from the capital Amman and just a stone 's throw from the Syrian border . These days , farmers on this land share tales of struggle . The arteries of their work , roads through Syria onto Turkey , have been cut off by the vicious fighting amongst their northern neighbors . "  It is difficult to go on with the business , " said Muslih Ajal Massaeed , a Jordanian Wool Distributor . "  At the moment we ca n't do anything . We gather wool and stop until Allah can send us a buyer . " Three years into Syria 's civil war , these prayers have yet to be answered . Many tons of sheep 's wool remains piled up in Massaeed 's distribution yard rotting with no place to go . Without safe passage through Syria the wool can not make it to market in Turkey . Jordanians say Romanian farmers instead are filling the void in their stead . Eventually , due to the cost of storage , those in Mafraq say their unexportable supply may have to be burned . "  Of course the Syrian border is very important to us , " Massaed continued . "  It was the source of our income to Turkey and we were pleased and there was business flow . " Refugee crisis It 's not only along the border that frustrations are being felt . Tribal leaders like Nimer Al Fawwaz speak of Syrian refugees now making up nearly one out of every four residents of nearby towns . This creates even more tensions for the work that is available . "  The Syrians took over so many jobs in the commercial sector , tailoring and farming , especially cheap wages , working 10 to 15 hours a day , " said Al Fawwaz . With little in the way of manufacturing in the rural areas , the government has encouraged vegetable farming . But with no certainty of getting goods through Syria and now Iraq , buyers in the wealthier Gulf states are looking elsewhere . Farmers say they are fetching just one fifth the value of their tomatoes compared to the last two years . "  This year it  the tomato price  changed completely to half a dinar  $ 0.70  a kilo , " explained vegetable grower Abdulla Abu Saleh . "  I do n't know what it will cover . The labor or insurance or spending on the farm or planting soil . It is expensive and it is  a  major negative impact on all farmers , " he added . State support Agriculture is still a nascent industry here and growers complain there is no government help or a farming cooperative to help with distribution . Mohamed Khair , a farm owner complained that "  a farmer can not be a farmer and a supplier . There should be a market regulator that controls the production with the help of the government . " For Abu Saleh , such concerns lead him to question the wisdom of continuing to grow vegetables if he can not sell them . "  We already have been affected so hard and we might not produce after this year .  There is  no demand and all the money we consumed is such a waste . " With the government hindered by the rising cost of providing for refugees , the sought after financial relief is likely to remain in short supply .	Farmers in Jordan 's Mafraq region impacted heavily by conflict in Syria Goods previously sent to to Turkey via Syria now remain unused and unsold Influx of refugees has also increased tension with local population
NEW YORK  CNN  -- After spending nearly 28 years in an irreversible coma , heiress and socialite Martha "  Sunny " von Bulow died Saturday in a New York nursing home , according to a family statement . She was 76 . Sunny von Bulow is pictured during her 1957 wedding to Prince Alfred von Auersperg . Von Bulow was subject of one of the nation 's most sensational criminal cases during the 1980s . Her husband , Claus , was accused of trying to kill her with an overdose of insulin , which prosecutors alleged sent her into the coma . He was convicted of making two attempts on her life , but the conviction was overturned on appeal . He was acquitted in a second trial . His retrial in 1985 received national attention . "  We were blessed to have an extraordinarily loving and caring mother , " said the statement from Von Bulow 's three children -- Annie Laurie "  Ala " Isham , Alexander von Auersperg and Cosima Pavoncelli -- released by a spokeswoman . "  She was especially devoted to her many friends and family members . " Martha von Bulow was born Martha Sharp Crawford into a wealthy family . She inherited a fortune conservatively estimated at $ 75 million , according to an article on the von Bulow case posted on truTV.com 's Crime Library Web site . In her early years , she drew comparisons to actress Grace Kelly . She became known as Princess von Auersperg with her first marriage , to Prince Alfred von Auersperg of Austria . That marriage produced two children : Alexander and Annie Laurie . The von Bulows married in 1966 and had a daughter , Cosima . On the morning of December 22 , 1980 , family members found Martha von Bulow unconscious in the bathroom of the family 's posh Newport , Rhode Island , home . She never regained consciousness . She had been hospitalized a year earlier after lapsing into a coma but recovered , according to the Crime Library site . Doctors had diagnosed her with hypoglycemia , or low blood sugar . Prosecutors accused Claus von Bulow of twice attempting to kill his wife by injecting her with insulin . The case also led to a major motion picture , "  Reversal of Fortune . " Actor Jeremy Irons won an Oscar for his portrayal of Claus von Bulow . Famed defense attorney Alan Dershowitz , who won Claus von Bulow a new trial on appeal after his conviction , said in a statement Saturday that Martha von Bulow 's death is "  a sad ending to a sad tragedy that some members of her family tried to turn into a crime . We proved overwhelming -LSB- ly -RSB- that there was no crime and that the coma was self-induced . We saved his life , but could not save hers . " Claus von Bulow 's defense team maintained that Martha von Bulow 's alcohol use , among other factors , caused her coma . Dershowitz said he had spoken with Claus von Bulow , who now lives in London , England . Claus von Bulow was saddened by his former wife 's passing , Dershowitz said . The family statement said Martha von Bulow is survived by her children , their spouses and nine grandchildren . Alexander von Auersperg and Ala von Auersperg Isham , who had sided with prosecutors against Claus von Bulow , filed a civil suit against their stepfather after his acquittal . The case was settled out of court in 1987 , according to a 2007 article in the Providence Journal newspaper in Rhode Island . Claus von Bulow had agreed to waive his claim to his wife 's money and to a divorce in exchange for the suit being dropped . The von Bulows ' daughter , Cosima , sided with her father . Vanity Fair writer Dominick Dunne , who covered the von Bulow case , told the New York Daily News in 2007 that Sunny von Bulow was moved from Columbia Presbyterian hospital to a private nursing home in 1998 . Watch Dunne recall case " Ala von Auersperg Isham served for a time as president of the Sunny von Bulow Coma and Head Trauma Research Foundation , according to the Providence Journal . An offshoot of that organization , the Brain Trauma Foundation , still operates in New York , the newspaper said . The family statement notes that Martha von Bulow actively supported the Metropolitan Museum of Art , the Metropolitan Opera and the J.P. Morgan Library in New York and the Preservation Society of Newport , Rhode Island . A private memorial service will be held for family and friends in New York in the coming days , the family statement said Saturday , along with a private burial . CNN 's Julian Cummings contributed to this report .	Husband Claus von Bulow was accused of trying to kill her with insulin overdose Conviction overturned on appeal ; he was acquitted in second trial Claus von Bulow , living in England , is saddened by former wife 's death , lawyer says She is survived by three children and nine grandchildren
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Attorneys in the child sexual abuse and conspiracy trial of two Philadelphia priests debated Monday over which potential witnesses jurors would be allowed to hear regarding a third defendant who pleaded guilty to molesting boys just days before opening remarks . Defrocked priest Edward Avery of the Philadelphia Archdiocese pleaded guilty to involuntary deviate sexual intercourse and conspiracy to endanger the welfare of child after admitting that he sexually assaulted a 10-year-old altar boy during the 1998-1999 school year . Avery , 69 , was sentenced to two-and-a-half to five years . The Rev. James Brennan is accused of attempted rape of a 14-year-old , and Monsignor William Lynn is accused of covering it up . Lynn is the first high-ranking church figure charged with child endangerment for shuffling predator priests from parish to parish . Witness : Philadelphia priest raped me when I was 14 Lynn is accused of knowingly allowing Avery and Brennan access to children despite allegations of sexual abuse of minors . Both have pleaded not guilty . Although jurors were told Avery is no longer on trial , they have not been told why . His guilty plea does not require him to testify . Prosecutors said Monday the former altar boy whom Avery admitted molesting in the church sacristy is scheduled to take the witness stand this week . He was abused six years after the archdiocese learned Avery had abused someone else . Assistant District Attorney Patrick Blessington argued that if Lynn 's defense attorneys "  attacked the creditability " of the witness , the Commonwealth would be allowed to tell the jury Avery pleaded guilty . "  Monsignor Lynn put a powder keg out there , " Blessington said while the jurors were out of the courtroom . Defense attorney Jeff Lindy dismissed that claim , arguing that allowing jurors to hear Avery 's plea or having other witnesses alleging abuse after Lynn left his post as secretary of clergy put his client at a disadvantage . "  It does n't shine any light on what Monsignor Lynn knew , " he said . "  Things he did n't know about could not possibly go to his state of mind . " After listing to both sides in open court , Common Pleas Court Judge M. Teresa Sarmina suggested that perhaps prosecutors call Avery to the witness stand . Sarmina delayed ruling on also allowing additional victims to testify against Avery . "  I would n't be surprised if there were many , many more , " she said . "  Why did n't they come forward until 2010 ? There 's a myriad of reasons . It takes a lot to come forward . " Jurors also heard the remainder of testimony about a former priest accused of abusing a 15-year-old boy for three years , beginning in 1984 , engaging in "  everything sexually two men can do . " While in treatment , the priest admitted to having a sexual relationship with the teen . He also described a number of incidents where he was the victim of sexual abuse , including a time when he was tied down by several seminarians who tried to rape him and that a friend came to his aide . He also revealed another incident when he was 10 and made to "  kiss " a group of boys ' genitals . Prosecutors also plan to call Monsignor Kevin Quirk to the witness stand . A West Virginia judge ordered Quirk to testify , noting he was a "  necessary and material witness , " according to court documents obtained by CNN . Quirk presided over Brennan 's 1996 canonical trial for an alleged sexual abuse of a minor .	Defense , prosecution argue about which witnesses jurors should be allowed to hear James Brennan accused of attempted rape ; William Lynn accused of cover-up Defrocked priest Edward Avery pleaded guilty days before opening remarks Jurors were told Avery is no longer on trial ; they have not been told why
KAMPALA , Uganda  CNN  -- Police in Uganda have arrested and extradited a man who is among the most wanted suspects from the Rwandan genocide . The 100-day killing rampage led to the loss of an estimated 10 percent of Rwanda 's population . IIdephonse Nizeyimana was picked up at a hotel in Rubaga , a suburb of the capital , Kampala , by the National Central Bureau of Interpol , according to a news release from the U.N.-sponsored International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda  ICTR  on Tuesday . He was transferred Tuesday to a U.N. detention facility in Arusha , Tanzania , where the tribunal is based . Top officials who allegedly took part in the genocide , such as army generals and politicians , are tried by the tribunal . "  Nizeyimana is one of the four top accused who are earmarked by the prosecutor to be tried by the tribunal in Arusha after their arrest as part of the ICTR completion strategy , " the tribunal 's news release said . Of a list of 13 fugitives , he is the second to be arrested in less than two months , it said . In the attacks that started in April 1994 , Hutu militias and members of the general population sought out Tutsis and moderate Hutus , and went on a 100-day killing rampage . Civilians and children got incentives to take part in the atrocities , including promises of land belonging to their Tutsi neighbors . It was one of the most brutal genocides in modern history . Some figures put the number of dead at 1 million -- 10 percent of the population of the central African nation . Millions more were raped and disfigured . A whole generation of children lost their parents . Nizeyimana was a captain the Rwanda Armed Forces , the tribunal said . He is accused of exercising authority over soldiers and personnel through a chain of command , and allegedly sent a section of soldiers to execute of Rosalie Gicanda , a former queen of Rwanda who was a "  symbolic figure for all Tutsis , " it said . The tribunal noted this marks the second time Uganda has cooperated with it to make an arrest . "  The tribunal has commended the Interpol and the Ugandan authorities for their close cooperation , " the news release said . Samson Ntale contributed to this report for CNN .	IIdephonse Nizeyimana was picked from a hotel north of Ugandan capital Extradited to Tanzania , where International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda based Police : He  Nizeyimana  is among the top three most-wanted suspects Some figures put number of dead from attacks on ethnic tutsis at 1 million
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- More troops , new legislation , improved troop training and added civilian expertise highlight President Obama 's strategy to fight terrorism in Afghanistan and Pakistan . President Obama , here with Hillary Clinton on Friday , calls the situation in Afghanistan "  increasingly perilous . " Obama on Friday announced his plan to tackle what he called an "  international security challenge of the highest order . " Stressing soberly that "  the safety of people around the world is at stake , " Obama said the "  situation is increasingly perilous " in the region in and around Afghanistan , where the United States has been fighting al Qaeda and the Taliban for more than 7 1/2 years after attacks in New York and at the Pentagon . "  The United States of America did not choose to fight a war in Afghanistan . Nearly 3,000 of our people were killed on September 11 , 2001 , for doing nothing more than going about their daily lives , " said Obama , who has vowed to make Afghanistan the central front in the fight against terrorism . "  So let me be clear : Al Qaeda and its allies -- the terrorists who planned and supported the 9/11 attacks -- are in Pakistan and Afghanistan . Multiple intelligence estimates have warned that al Qaeda is actively planning attacks on the U.S. homeland from its safe haven in Pakistan . Watch how the U.S. will target terrorist safe havens " "  And if the Afghan government falls to the Taliban -- or allows al Qaeda to go unchallenged -- that country will again be a base for terrorists who want to kill as many of our people as they possibly can . " Obama said it is key Americans understand that Pakistan "  needs our help " against al Qaeda . "  Al Qaeda and other violent extremists have killed several thousand Pakistanis since 9/11 . They have killed many Pakistani soldiers and police . They assassinated -LSB- former Pakistani Prime Minister -RSB- Benazir Bhutto . They have blown up buildings , derailed foreign investment and threatened the stability of the state . Make no mistake : Al Qaeda and its extremist allies are a cancer that risks killing Pakistan from within . " Watch Obama 's speech on Afghanistan , Pakistan threats " Flanked by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Defense Secretary Robert Gates , Obama called on Congress to pass a bipartisan bill co-sponsored by Sens. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , and Richard Lugar , R-Indiana . The legislation authorizes "  $ 1.5 billion in direct support to the Pakistani people every year over the next five years -- resources that will build schools , roads and hospitals and strengthen Pakistan 's democracy , " he said . He also urged Congress to pass legislation that would create opportunity zones in the border region . The goal is to develop the economy and bring hope to places plagued by violence . Obama said , "  We will ask our friends and allies to do their part , " including at a donors conference next month in Tokyo , Japan . "  After years of mixed results , we will not provide a blank check . Pakistan must demonstrate its commitment to rooting out al Qaeda and the violent extremists within its borders . And we will insist that action be taken -- one way or another -- when we have intelligence about high-level terrorist targets . " Obama said the United States must work with the World Bank and International Monetary Fund and others to help Pakistan get through the economic crisis . "  To lessen tensions between two nuclear-armed nations that too often teeter on the edge of escalation and confrontation , we must pursue constructive diplomacy with both India and Pakistan . " Afghan President Harmid Karzai watched the speech on CNN from Kabul , said Richard Holbrooke , Obama 's special envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan . Karzai "  is extremely grateful and will issue his statement of support , " Holbrooke said . Obama stressed that "  Afghanistan has been denied the resources that it demands because of the war in Iraq " and now a commitment must be made . Obama said he is sending another 4,000 troops to Afghanistan , along with hundreds of civilian specialists , such as agricultural experts , educators and engineers . The troops -- which are in addition to the 17,000 announced earlier -- will be charged with training and building the Afghan army and police force . The stakes are high as al Qaeda and the Taliban have escalated the insurgency and the number of U.S. troops deaths spiked last year -- the highest yearly death toll for them in the war . Obama said the soldiers and Marines "  will take the fight to the Taliban in the south and east " and will work with Afghan troops along the border . He said such an effort will bolster "  security in advance of the important presidential election in August . " Watch Obama tell terrorists U.S. will defeat them " Obama said the coalition "  will accelerate " efforts to "  build an Afghan army of 134,000 and a police force of 82,000 so that we can meet these goals by 2011 -- and increases in Afghan forces may very well be needed as our plans to turn over security responsibility to the Afghans go forward . " He said Afghanistan 's government has been "  undermined by corruption and has difficulty delivering basic services to its people " and its economy is undercut by "  a booming narcotics trade that encourages criminality and funds the insurgency . " Watch Obama 's remarks on the Afghan situation " Obama said the United States will set clear benchmarks for international assistance and wo n't ignore attention to corruption . He said the United States will develop a new contact group for Afghanistan and Pakistan that would include not only NATO allies and other partners but also Central Asian states , Gulf nations and Iran , Russia , India and China . Reacting to Obama 's plan , Sen. Russell Feingold , D-Wisconsin , said he is pleased the president is focusing on al Qaeda and is addressing the role of Pakistan but expressed concern the strategy could remain "  overly Afghan-centric . " Citing Friday 's suicide attack on a mosque in the Pakistani tribal region near Afghanistan , Feingold said , "  This new administration must ensure that we do what we must not only in Afghanistan but also in Pakistan . " He said , "  As the bombing near the Khyber Pass this morning highlights , we need to fully address the inextricable links between the crisis in Afghanistan and the instability and terrorist threats in Pakistan . " The bombing killed at least 48 people and wounded 80 to 90 others . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell praised Obama 's plan , saying it is "  a significant pivot " away from the Democratic Party 's left wing . "  So the president 's decision to continue Secretary Gates , follow -LSB- U.S. Central Command chief -RSB- Gen. -LSB- David -RSB- Petraeus ' advice -- which may be somewhat exasperating to his own political left -- I think is in the best interest of the country and I think he 's going to enjoy pretty strong Republican support for the plan , " the Kentucky Republican told reporters .	Intelligence shows al Qaeda planning attacks on U.S. , President Obama says Part of Afghan strategy is $ 1.5 billion annually for five years in aid for Pakistan U.S. to send 4,000 more troops to Afghanistan as well as 17,000 announced earlier Hundreds of civilian specialists also to be deployed
Atlanta  CNN  -- Here we go again . Every time the Atlanta Falcons are on the verge of making the rest of the National Football League take them seriously beyond just an occasional tease , along comes -- well , something . Danny White to Drew Pearson . An arrest on the night before the Super Bowl . Dogfighting . Thousands of cheeseheads dominating the stands to turn the Georgia Dome into Lambeau Field South . So here we are now , with the Falcons preparing during their 47th season to play hosts on Sunday afternoon to the Seattle Seahawks in the National Football League 's divisional playoffs . There will be none of that past silliness this time for the Falcons . At least , that 's what those associated with the team keep saying , and why should n't we believe them ? History , for one . Lots of brutal history . But there are so many signs that the Falcons are in the midst of a renaissance with their personal Mount Rushmore of owner Arthur Blank , general manager Thomas Dimitroff , coach Mike Smith and quarterback Matt Ryan . They 've been together since 2008 . They 've produced five consecutive winning seasons for a franchise that had n't managed two in a row before that . They 've accumulated one of the NFL 's best records  56-24  during that stretch , and they 've been particularly dominant in the Georgia Dome . They also entered the postseason with the best record in the National Football Conference at 13-3 to earn home-field advantage along the way to the Super Bowl . That is , if they keep winning . And they could . Only the prolific likes of Aaron Rodgers , Tom Brady , Drew Brees and the Mannings  Peyton and Eli  have been as consistently impressive as Ryan during the past five seasons . Plus , Blank has given Dimitroff enough financial freedom to acquire talent as he sees fits , and Smith has won enough in Atlanta to shatter the record for most victories by a Falcons head coach . Playoff weekend X-factors The results ? Three previous trips to the playoffs for the Falcons ' Mount Rushmore , and three losses . Even so , before usually gabby Falcons wide receiver Roddy White decided to go silent this week with the media for one of the few times during his eight-year career , he told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution , "  With the team that we have now , and all the guys that have been around each other , with  Ryan  leading us as a group and knowing that everybody is on the same page , it 's going to be a different outcome . " Uh-huh . We 'll see . The Falcons Nation has heard this before . In 2008 , the Falcons were picked to handle a rising but suspect Cardinals bunch on the road in Arizona . The Falcons lost 30-24 . Two seasons later , those 2010 Falcons resembled these current Falcons by building a 13-3 record that led to home-field advantage throughout the NFC side of the playoffs . It did n't matter . With all those cheeseheads screaming like crazy , and with Falcons fans either silent or heading down the local highways by the end of the third quarter , the Green Bay Packers smashed the Falcons 48-21 . Then came last season . The Falcons were just slight underdogs when they headed to New York to face the Giants . Instead , with Ryan and his offensive teammates vanishing for long stretches , the Falcons made the oddsmakers look silly with a 24-2 loss . When you combine the Falcons ' recent and past playoff struggles with a historically shaky fan base that has a tendency to come and go  even during games  and with the appearances of all those "  somethings , " this has been one of the NFL 's most jinxed franchises . "  When you 're growing up here , you 're not conscious of that . You 're not even thinking of that , " said Terance Mathis , 45 , a former NFL wide receiver who played 13 seasons in the league , including a franchise-record-filled eight for his hometown Falcons through 2001 . "  After my junior year in high school , I had a chance to watch them practice in training camp , and then go through their locker room . ... " Still , as has been the case for many around Atlanta , filled with transients and dominated by Southeastern Conference college football fans , the Falcons were n't Mathis ' favorite team . Cowboys , Steelers , Raiders . "  That 's where all the big superstars were from , so you gravitated to them , but I did watch the Falcons growing up , " said Mathis , who particularly was fond of their teams during the late 1970s and early 1980s , which featured quarterback Steve Bartkowski and running back William Andrews . "  If you loved football , you loved players who played well , and they had guys on those teams who played very , very well . " Thinking fan 's guide to the playoffs It 's just that , after a wretched start that lasted for more than a decade after the Falcons ' debut in 1966 , the Bartkowski-Andrews era featured the first of many horrors to come for the franchise . There were those come-from-ahead  and I mean WAY ahead  playoff losses to the Cowboys in 1978 and 1980 , with relatively unknown quarterback White leading the way for Dallas . In both games , White kept finding his receiver , Pearson , in the clutch . Years after the Bartkowksi-Andrews era , there was Deion Sanders , the only Pro Football Hall of Famer in Falcons history , leaving with his Prime Time act for San Francisco as a free agent . There was Eugene Robinson , the Falcons ' supposedly squeaky clean leader , going from saint to sinner on the day before the Super Bowl in 1999 . He was arrested and accused of propositioning a female cop in Miami for oral sex , and the Falcons were flattened by the Denver Broncos in the game . Remember the Falcons ' 2007 season ? They wish to forget . That 's when the Falcons spent most of their time discussing Michael Vick 's  ahem  hobby with pit bulls instead of his ability to mesmerize opponents with his speed . That same year , Bobby Petrino did n't even finish his first and only season as the Falcons ' head coach . After a controversial 3-10 start , Petrino bolted in the middle of the night with two games left to play to take over the University of Arkansas football team . Pig sooie , indeed . Now the Falcons hope to get it right this time . OK .	The Falcons host the Seahawks in the NFL 's divisional playoffs Sunday The team has been plagued with woes since the Falcons formed 47 years ago Player Eugene Robinson propositioned a cop for sex the night before Super Bowl XXXIII Quarterback Michael Vick served time for running a dogfighting ring
Two car bombs killed at least 31 people , including 20 children , in central Yemen 's Radaa city when suspected al Qaeda fighters targeted Houthi militants Tuesday , senior security officials and locals told CNN . One car bomb struck a Houthi gathering point , but the other did not make it to the target and instead blew up next to a bus that was carrying children home from school , officials said . All the killed children were under the age of 12 , said Osama Sari , a prominent pro-Houthi activist . Eleven Houthi fighters were killed , an Interior Ministry official said . Eyewitnesses told CNN that the death toll within Houthi lines exceeded 18 . At least a dozen others were injured , among them six in critical condition , medical sources in Radaa told CNN . Radaa was an al Qaeda stronghold that fell to Houthi fighters after clashes in October that killed hundreds from both sides . Al Qaeda has since intensified its attacks on Houthi targets , conducting daily attacks killing hundreds of Houthis and innocent civilians . Houthis follow the Zaidi sect of Islam and are considered Shiite Muslims by al Qaeda , a Sunni Muslim terrorist network . Sari said that most of the killed were children and that the attack holds the hallmarks of al Qaeda . "  The suicide car bombs were supposed to directly hit the Houthi camp . When they failed to reach the core target , many innocent children lost their lives , " Sari said .	One car bomb hit Houthi militants ; another exploded next to a school bus , officials say Both bombs , apparently from al Qaeda fighters , were meant for Houthi militants , officials say Houthis , al Qaeda have been fighting in Yemen for months
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- Brazilian police have arrested three people suspected of killing at least two women , eating parts of their bodies and using their remains to make stuffed meat pies sold in the northeastern town of Garanhuns . The three suspects -- 51-year-old Jorge Beltrao Negroponte , his wife , Cristina da Silveira , and his mistress , Bruna da Silva -- were arrested Wednesday and have confessed to the crimes , the police said on local television . Interviewed behind bars , Negroponte told SBT Television that he followed the instructions of voices in his head . "  I did certain things for purification , to protect people and deliver them to God , " he told SBT on Sunday . He confirmed that he and his two companions ate the flesh of the women "  to purify them . " Police said the suspects lured the two young women to their house by offering them jobs as a nannies . Authorities were first alerted to the situation when the suspects tried to use the credit card of a woman who had disappeared . According to Folha de S. Paulo newspaper , a 5-year-old girl living with the suspects showed the police where they could find the remains of the bodies . The remains of two women were found buried in the backyard of the house , police said . Police said they believe the girl is the daughter of another woman who disappeared in 2008 . According to the newspaper report , Negroponte 's wife was known in the town for her meat pies . During the police deposition , she said she stuffed them with human flesh and sold them to neighbors , schools and hospitals . Police believe the number of victims could be greater than 10 .	The suspects are accused of killing two women and using their remains to make meat pies The suspects confessed to the crimes , police tell national TV "  I did certain things for purification to protect people and deliver them to God , " one says
