CNN  -- Amnesty International is urging Saudi Arabia to stop the "  outrageous restriction " of peaceful protests , a call that comes after a crackdown last week on protesters in the country 's Shiite region . About 24 protesters were detained in the eastern city of Qatif last week as they denounced "  the prolonged detention " of nine Shiite prisoners held without trial for more than 14 years , the human rights group said . Police kicked and used batons to beat three protesters in what was an apparent peaceful demonstration , Amnesty said in a statement dated Monday . "  The Saudi Arabian authorities have a duty to ensure freedom of assembly and are obliged under international law to allow peaceful protests to take place , " said Philip Luther , deputy director of the human rights group 's Middle East and North Africa program . " "  They must act immediately to end this outrageous restriction on the right to legitimate protest . " There was no immediate reaction from the Saudi government to the Amnesty statement . The protests in the majority Sunni kingdom occurred Thursday and Friday , and they 've accompanied the calls across the Arab world for more freedom and democracy . Rights activists have been urging the right to protest for months in the kingdom , which prohibits all kinds of public demonstrations , and they have been denied permission to assemble . Lately , grass-roots ferment mirroring the unrest across the Middle East and North Africa has emerged , with a Facebook group calling for days of rage and Shiites taking to the streets . Activists have been calling for reform and the release of people jailed without charge or trial . Saudi Arabia 's Interior Ministry warned Saturday that its security forces will be "  authorized to take all measures against anyone who tries to break the law and cause disorder , " the ministry said , according to the country 's state-run news agency . Amnesty said the recent detentions came a week after a prominent Shiite cleric , Sheikh Tawfiq Jaber Ibrahim al - ` Amr was arrested after a sermon calling for reforms in Saudi Arabia . He was released without charge Sunday . Most of the protesters are believed to be held in a police station in Dhahran , an eastern city . Among them are activists who have protested arrests and discrimination against the minority Shiites . "  The Saudi authorities must investigate reports of beatings of protesters by security forces . They should also ensure that those detained are either charged with recognizable offences and tried fairly or released , " Luther said . "  While in detention they must be protected from torture and other ill-treatment and given regular access to their family , lawyers and medical staff . " The Shiite activists in "  prolonged detention " have been held in connection with the deadly 1996 bombing of a U.S. military complex in Khobar in which 20 people were killed and hundreds injured . "  According to reports , they were interrogated , tortured and denied access to lawyers together with the opportunity to challenge the legality of their detention , " Amnesty said .	Amnesty International decries "  outrageous restriction " of peaceful protests Protesters were detained last week "  Prolonged detention " without trial denounced
London , England  CNN  -- Former British professional rugby player Terry Newton , who had tested positive for human growth hormone , was found dead over the weekend . "  There are not believed to be any suspicious circumstances surrounding his death , " a spokesman for the Greater Manchester Police said Monday . His body was found Sunday at his home in Orrell , in Greater Manchester . British media reports suggested the 31-year old had taken his own life but CNN could not confirm this . The Rugby Football League banned him for two years in February and the Wakefield Trinity Wildcats fired him . Newton also played for the Bradford Bulls , Leeds Rhinos and Wigan Warriors . His autobiography , "  Coming Clean , " said he used human growth hormone to revive his body . "  We are deeply shocked and saddened by the news of Terry 's untimely death , " Rugby Football League Chairman Richard Lewis said . "  This is a personal tragedy and our thoughts are with Terry 's partner , his children and his family at this terrible time . "	Terry Newton , 31 , was found dead at home Sunday His death does n't seem suspicious , police say He was banned from play for two years in February
Washington  CNN  -- The suicide bomber who killed seven CIA officers and contractors and a Jordanian intelligence official in Afghanistan was within seconds of being searched by two security contractors when he detonated his explosives , a former intelligence official with knowledge of the incident told CNN on Tuesday . On December 30 , the two American guards , who worked for Xe Services -- formerly Blackwater USA -- approached the passenger side of the red 4-door sedan where bomber Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi was sitting , the official said . Al-Balawi had been invited to the base to share information he claimed to have that would lead the United States directly to Ayman al-Zawahiri , al Qaeda 's second in command . The sedan was waved through the normal security checkpoints to get onto the base , and pulled up just outside a one-story building -- a temporary space that was being used to interrogate people brought onto base . Several CIA officers and contractors were standing on the driver 's side of the car , opposite al-Balawi , and others were standing as far as 50 feet away , a U.S. intelligence official said . Al-Balawi started to get out of the car , with one hand in his pocket , when he detonated the explosives , the source said . "  It was no accident that some of the CIA officers were standing on the opposite side , " the former intelligence official said . The official observed it was the safest place to be , as "  they waited for the Xe guys to do what they 're paid to do and frisk him . " Also , there could have been some cultural sensitivity , with an Arab man about to be searched in front of female CIA officers who were there . The official says that "  there was no point going up to him until after the guards had patted him down . " Some of these details were first reported in The Washington Post earlier this week . The official expressed surprise at how much shrapnel tore through the area , killing seven CIA officers and contractors -- including the two Xe Services guards -- as well as a Jordanian intelligence official . Former CIA Agent Jack Rice told CNN that frequently , suicide bombers ' explosive vests are wrapped in "  things like nuts and bolts and ball bearings . "  So what you create is this massive amount of shrapnel that kills everybody in the entire area , " he said . Rice , who just returned from Afghanistan , said it was unusual to have so many officers present for a debriefing , but if they believed al-Balawi 's claims that he had direct links to al Qaeda 's top leadership , the excitement on the base would have been high . "  Remember , this is a career opportunity for all of these people . If you could take down al-Zawahiri , if you could take down Osama bin Laden , you are a hero for the rest of your career . Everybody wants to be in the room , " Rice said . Al-Balawi , a Jordanian doctor , was a promising potential source . U.S. and Jordanian intelligence agencies apparently believed he was a reformed extremist and were using him to hunt al-Zawahiri . Al-Balawi had provided photographic evidence that helped establish his credibility , a U.S. intelligence official said . There were other things that also helped determine his authenticity , the official added , but would provide no further details . The former intelligence official who spoke anonymously has been to Forward Operating Base Chapman , where the attack occurred , and said body armor was worn even within the base 's inner perimeter , which is unusual , compared with military bases in Kabul or Kandahar . "  You have a real sense of the proximity to the Pakistan border . Perimeters do n't have the same meaning , " the official said . While saying that a mistake was made by not searching al-Balawi before he got into the red car , the official defended the officers ' decision to bring him on base . "  There 's nowhere to frisk someone outside , and you do n't have a whole lot of options . Let 's assume they did have a safe house -- the exact same thing would have happened there , " the official said . In a rare public defense of the CIA officers ' actions , CIA Director Leon Panetta said the officers did not ignore the potential dangers because of the potential for valuable information . "  This was not a question of trusting a potential intelligence asset , even one who had provided information that we could verify independently . It is never that simple , and no one ignored the hazards , " Panetta wrote in an op-ed this weekend in The Washington Post . "  The individual was about to be searched by our security officers -- a distance away from other intelligence personnel -- when he set off his explosives . " The official says the attack not only sheds light on the dangerous work CIA officials and contractors do in Afghanistan , but how their footprint is growing . FOB Chapman was used to conduct operations back and forth across the Pakistan border . But the official says it is just "  one of many bases in Afghanistan " that operate outside U.S. military or NATO command . Afghan contractors guard the outer perimeter of many of the bases . "  Back in 2005 , the CIA worked up an entire plan on how to increase its presence in Afghanistan , " the official said . This effort was pursued "  very aggressively " through the last several years of the Bush administration , and the official believed President Obama would have been briefed on that when he took office . The official says the feeling in the intelligence community is that Obama has increased the frequency and intensity of aggressive actions around the Afghanistan/Pakistan border region . Since he took office , the United States has ramped up the use of pilotless drones to strike at al Qaeda targets in Pakistan , including at least seven strikes since the December 30 attack at FOB Chapman , and approximately 51 others previously in 2009 . In 2008 , the last year of President George W. Bush 's administration , there were approximately 34 drone strikes . "  I 've seen no evidence that he 's -LSB- Obama -RSB- diminished in any way the strategy of the previous administration . In fact , President Obama has not only continued what President Bush started , he 's built on it , " the official said . CNN Intelligence Producer Pam Benson and Pentagon Supervising Producer Adam Levine contributed to this report .	Bomber was invited to base to share information on al Qaeda 's second in command He detonated explosives as he left car , former intelligence official says Official : Bomber should 've been searched before he got into car ; bringing him on base was right Attack shows CIA expansion in Afghanistan , risk to officials , contractors , official says
CNN  -- There was a time when Italian teams dominated European football 's second-tier competition , winning the UEFA Cup in six of seven seasons starting in the late 1980s . But the last Italian outfit to win the event , now the Europa League , was Parma in 1999 . No one would bet against Juventus ending the drought this campaign and how sweet it would be for the Turin giant since the final will be held at Juventus ' own stadium . The runaway leader in Serie A , Juventus reached the semifinals Thursday after beating Lyon 2-1 in Turin and 3-1 on aggregate . For the ` Old Lady ' of Italian football , it marked a first European semifinal since the club lost the Champions League final to AC Milan in 2003 -- before the ` Calciopoli ' match-fixing scandal that resulted in Juventus being stripped of two Serie A titles and demoted . Juventus was joined in the last four by Valencia -- which made history in overturning a 3-0 first-leg deficit against Basel -- Sevilla and 2013 finalist Benfica . "  This season , even though the competition is different , we are still having an important journey in Europe , " Juve manager Antonio Conte , whose men were ousted in the Champions League last fall , was quoted as saying by the Football Italia website . "  Juventus had n't reached this phase in Europe for 10 years . "  We 've got to keep our feet on the ground and not forget three years ago this team was n't even in the Europa League . "  We have won a great deal over the last two years and are protagonists this season , too . The fans must stay close to the team for 90 minutes and I hope this can happen , so we never forget the past . We cared about reaching this objective and hope all of Italy can be happy with it . " Andrea Pirlo struck early for Juventus before Jimmy Briand leveled in the first half as the visitor enjoyed a good spell . Samuel Umtiti 's own goal settled the affair in the 68th minute . "  It 's not that just because we are called Juventus we are greeted by a red carpet ushering us through to certain victory , " said Conte . "  Anyone who thinks everything is easy just because we are Juventus is deeply wrong . " Iberian teams have been the ones doing well lately in the Europa League , lifting the trophy in three of the four previous years , and Thursday 's results ensured at least one more Iberian side would feature in the May 14 finale . No club had ever rallied from 3-0 down in a tie to advance since the Europa League was introduced but Paco Alcacer 's hat-trick inspired Valencia in its 5-0 extra-time victory . Basel had two men sent off in extra time . Sevilla , the two-time UEFA Cup winner , trailed FC Porto 1-0 after the first leg but three goals in the first 30 minutes at home were enough to see off the 2011 champion . Even a red card to Coke Andujar in the 54th minute was n't enough to help Porto , which fell 4-1 on the night . Benfica , beaten by Chelsea last year in the final , got a double from Rodrigo to defeat AZ Alkmaar 2-0 Thursday and 3-0 on aggregate . The semifinal draw takes place Friday .	Juventus completes a two-leg victory over Lyon in the Europa League quarterfinals It 's Juventus ' first European semifinal since 2003 in the Champions League Valencia makes history as it rallies to overcome Basel 5-3 on aggregate Sevilla and 2013 finalist Benfica also advance to the last four in the competition
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Israeli Air Force shot down an unidentified flying object over the Dimona nuclear plant in the Negev Desert Thursday , the Israel Defense Forces said . The object appeared in a designated no-fly zone , the air force was scrambled and the object was shot down , the IDF said . The object could have been a party balloon , the IDF said , but forces have not yet found the debris to determine what it was . There have been unconfirmed media reports that it was a motor-driven object . The air force reacted according to procedure when the object was spotted , the IDF said . The Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz reported that last October "  IDF warplanes intercepted an Israeli ultralight aircraft that accidentally flew into the area and forced it to land at an airstrip in southern Israel . " It also reported that "  an Israeli surface-to-air missile downed a crippled Israeli fighter-bomber that strayed into the restricted zone " during the Six Day War in 1967 . The craft 's pilot was killed .	The location is in Israel 's Negev Desert The object was in a closed airspace It could have been a party balloon
CNN  -- U.S. Masters -- April 9-12 , 2009 2007 Masters champion Zach Johnson puts the green jacket on 2008 winner Trevor Immelman . While The Open Championship at St Andrews , Scotland may rival it for history , few would argue that the U.S. Masters tournament is unrivalled in terms of beauty and exclusivity . Played at the prestigious Augusta National Golf club in the city of Augusta , Georgia , the first "  major " of the golfing year is a strictly invitational event controlled by the club itself . The top 50 golfers in the official world rankings are all guaranteed an invite . The dramatic azalea-draped course -- the brainchild of golfing great Bobby Jones -- provides a tough test for the world 's elite golfers , particularly since it has been lengthened or "  Tiger-proofed " in recent years . However the relatively short 12th hole , named Golden Bell , is arguably the most challenging . Jack Nicklaus once called it "  the hardest tournament hole in golf , " due to the fact that its perilously narrow green is protected in front by Rae 's Creek , with two sand traps behind it . Misjudge the wind or get your club selection wrong and the ball will most likely end up in the water . Since Horton Smith won the inaugural Masters title in 1934 , the tournament has become as famous for its traditions as it has for the quality of golf on show . Winners are presented with a green jacket by the defending champion -- which they are obliged to return to the clubhouse the following year . Nicklaus , nicknamed the "  Golden Bear , " became the first golfer to successfully defend his green jacket . He also holds the record for the most titles won at Augusta with six -- his last coming in 1986 at the age of 46 . American players currently dominate the competition , following a period in the 1980s and 1990s which saw European players , including Seve Ballesteros and Nick Faldo , win 10 titles in 17 years . Current world number one Tiger Woods has won four times at Augusta since 1997 , while compatriot and rival for top spot , Phil Mickelson , won in 2004 and 2006 . South Africa 's Trevor Immelman is the current owner of the coveted green jacket . 2008 season in pictures " U.S. Open - June 15-21 , 2009 Tiger Woods and his caddie walk up to the 18th green on the Black Course at Bethpage State Park in 2002 . The second of the four major tournaments , the U.S. Open is hosted by the United States Golf Association  USGA  . Since its inaugural event in 1895 at the Newport Golf and Country Club , the event has been staged at a number of different courses . What 's your favorite tournament ? It was n't until 1913 that the U.S. Open championship really caught the imagination when a young American amateur , Francis Ouimet , stunned the golf world by defeating famous English professionals , Harry Vardon and Ted Ray , in a playoff . The format of the tournament has changed several times . The USGA extended the championship to 72 holes in 1898 , with 36 holes played on each of two days . In 1926 , the format was changed to 18 holes played each of two days , then 36 holes on the third day . In 1965 , the present format of four 18-hole daily rounds was implemented for the first time . Over the years , much has been made of the way U.S. Open courses have been set up , with incredibly tough pin positions and rough thick enough to require a compass to navigate through . "  Sometimes the players feel -LSB- the USGA -RSB- has gotten a little close to the edge on some holes , " defending champion Retief Goosen told the BBC at Pinehurst , North Carolina in 2005 . Two years later , when Oakmont Country Club in Pennsylvania hosted the tournament , World Golf.com quoted Tiger Woods as saying "  a 10-handicapper did n't stand a chance at breaking 100 " on a course that boasts over 200 deep bunkers . Bobby Jones , Jack Nicklaus , Ben Hogan , Willie Anderson and Hale Irwin have all triumphed at the U.S. Open on four occasions , while Woods , who won last year 's event at Torrey Pines following a dramatic playoff victory over Rocco Mediate , counts three so far among his haul of 14 major titles . The U.S. Open is the only major that requires participants to play-off over 18 holes . This year 's event at Bethpage State Park 's Black Course in Farmingdale , New York should be familiar to Woods , as he won here in 2002 . At 7,214-yards , the municipally-owned Bethpage was the longest U.S. Open course in history . The aptly-named Black Course even carries a warning sign about its difficulty on the first tee . In 2002 , American Hale Irwin missed the cut for only the sixth time in 33 Open starts after two torrid rounds of 82 and 81 . "  They can go out and write a new book and title it , ` Massacre at ... wherever the heck we are , " U.S. Open.com quoted him as saying . It remains to be seen whether the recently-injured Tiger can tame the course once again . Watch more about Woods ' comeback " The Open Championship -- July 16-19 , 2009 Padraig Harrington  right  and Greg Norman line up putts during the 2008 Open Championship at Royal Birkdale . Organized by the R&A , which takes its name from Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St. Andrews , Scotland , The  British  Open Championship is the oldest of the four major tournaments . It is also the only one held outside of the United States . First held in October , 1860 , The Open was mostly played in Scotland during its early years . Prestwick Golf Club in Ayrshire was the birthplace of the event , which saw just eight players compete in its inaugural year . A year later the tournament was declared open to the whole world and the event has been known simply as "  The Open " ever since . Since the early days , the R&A has established a rota of British seaside "  links " courses to host the event . The major difference between a links course and a parkland course -- such as Augusta -- is that it is far less manufactured . Links courses are constructed out of the sandy , windswept coastal terrain , with few "  man-made " additions . Players are faced with thick rough , narrow undulating fairways that snake around dunes , and lightening quick greens . There are far fewer trees and water hazards . When the wind gusts these courses demand the highest level of skill and imagination . This year 's tournament will be held on the famous Ailsa course at Turnberry on the west coast of Scotland . With its dramatic views and elevated cliff-top holes , the 7,200 yard course previously hosted The Open in 1977 , 1986 , 1994 . The winning aggregate scores in 1977 and 1994 rank among the lowest recorded in Open history , largely because the wind was n't blowing as it can . Current Open champion Padraig Harrington will arrive at Turnberry looking to win the tournament for the third time in as many years . At Carnoustie in 2007 , Harrington became the first Irishman to win The Open since Fred Daly in 1947 . He defended his title the following year at Royal Birkdale , finishing four strokes ahead of England 's Ian Poulter . Harrington has a long way to go before matching the great Harry Vardon 's record of six Open victories between 1896 and 1914 . Surprisingly , U.S. golfers -- more used to parkland courses -- have enjoyed great success in the competition in recent years , with 10 wins in 12 years . Tiger Woods , who missed out through injury last year , lifted the Claret Jug in 2000 , 2005 and 2006 . U.S. PGA Championship -- August 10-16 , 2009 Harrington pumps his fist as he sinks a putt to win the 2008 U.S. PGA Championship at Oakland Hills . The final major of the year , The PGA Championship is organized by the Professional Golfers Association of America  PGA of America  and is also held at a different course each year . The brainchild of New York salesman Rodman Wannamaker , the first PGA Championship was held at Siwanoy Country Club in Bronxville , New York in 1916 -- the same year the PGA of America was founded . The winners ' trophy is named after him . The competition , which was only switched from a matchplay to a strokeplay format in 1958 , does not allow amateurs to compete . It always attracts a world class field , in addition to a number of ordinary club professionals in the United States who can qualify through a national tournament . This year 's tournament will be held at Hazeltine National Golf Club in Chaska , Minnesota , the scene of Rich Beem 's defeat of a charging Tiger Woods in 2002 . Beem , an unknown club professional who also sold car stereos , held off Woods by recording birdies in his final four holes for a 68 that gave him victory by just one shot . The 7,149-yard course is ranked among the top courses in the United States , according to the PGA . Its signature 16th hole features a wide open fairway that narrows into a long peninsula featuring an elevated green protected by Lake Hazeltine . This year Padraig Harrington will attempt to defend the trophy , a year after he pulled off a dramatic victory over Spain 's Sergio Garcia at Oakland Hills . If he succeeds he will become only the second man -- after Tiger Woods -- to be back-to-back PGA Champion . However , both men lag behind Jack Nicklaus , who won a record-equaling fifth U.S.PGA title in 1980 at Oak Hill , Rochester -- the hometown of Walter Hagen , the player whose record Nicklaus tied .	U.S. Masters is always held at prestigious Augusta National , Georgia , U.S. 2009 U.S. Open at Bethpage State Park 's Black Course in Farmingdale , NY Open Championship is the only major held outside the United States U.S. PGA Championship is only major not open to amateur golfers
CNN  -- Do you suffer from FOMO  otherwise known as "  fear of missing out "  ? Does the idea that some infinitely intriguing person/place/thing is currently flitting through your general sphere of being -- WITHOUT YOUR KNOWLEDGE -- cause your heart to constrict with terror ? Well , friends , we hear you . Having just returned from the liquor -  and other liquid -  soaked climes of Austin and SXSW , we 're pretty sure we only experienced about 1.3 % of all "  Cool Things " present at that havoc-wrecked fest . Basically , all we gathered was that people really like Skrillex , and , mysteriously , Train  thanks Monstro !  and that the most-flogged apps at SXSW Interactive were undoubtedly those who aim to kill FOMO dead . Enter : Sonar , Highlight and Banjo , a new wave of social apps designed to keep you abreast of all the interesting people around you -- without requiring that you look up from your smartphone  my Precious ...  ! These apps were , by far , among the most buzzed-about at SXSW , with Highlight taking the coveted top spot  according to Mashable  . Charts and graphs aside , it remains to be seen whether Highlight will be able to assume the many-storied role of "  The Next Twitter " or "  The Next Foursquare , " both of which gained traction at Nerd Spring Break . That 's partly because it and these other apps run in the background on your phone , with always-on GPS that drain your battery . But it 's mostly because the word "  creepy " keeps coming up in the same sentence when people talk about this new cadre of mobile apps . Still , do n't let that silly little adjective scare you off ! Because if you do n't download these apps , you 'll be missing out ! And you do n't want that , do you ? Do you ?! We did n't think so . That 's why we 've provided a handy scale for you below , which should be instrumental in finding the level of "  Creepy " you FOMO-sufferers are comfortable with . Kind of creepy : Sonar So you 're chilling at your apartment , staring -- moleperson-like -- into the glowing half light of your computer screen . All your Sims have finally drowned in the swimming pool , and you 're getting tired of thumbs-downing dubstep tracks on Turntable.fm , so you fire up Sonar . Sonar is a pretty simple app for Android  in beta  and iOS that shows you two things : Who is chilling at hot spots near you , and who -- in general -- in your vicinity you might be interested in meeting . When you launch the app , you 'll be asked to connect to your social networks  Facebook , Twitter and LinkedIn  , which lets the app deduce who might be interesting to you . Click on the "  Places " tab and you 'll see a list of locations in your area . Clicking on a location will surface a list of people at that spot  generated via Foursquare check-ins , etc. -- one does n't have to be using Sonar to show up in the app  , and what level of connection you have to them -- how many Facebook friends , Twitter friends , etc. . If you see someone you might want to stalk -- I mean , TALK to , you can tweet at them from within the app . You can also check into that location if you manage to leave your cave and become an object of stalkage -- I mean , talkage -- as well . The app also features a "  People " tab , listing which friends  pulled from your social networks  have currently checked in near you , as well as other people of interest . Use that to hook up with your pals next time they "  forget to tell you " about karaoke . It 's not your fault the only lyrics you know are "  Wub wub wub wubwubwubwub wub Pzzzzzzz . " Creepy : Highlight You 're just your average tech-savvy businessman , all pimped out in front-pleated khakis , your startup-emblazoned T-shirt of choice , and , of course , your ubiquitous SXSW Interactive Platinum Badge swingin ' around your neck . Reclining there on your barstool , sweating Mojito in hand , you cruise the room with your eyes . With whom should you birth your future children -- uh , I mean your latest business venture ? Suddenly , your cell vibrates in your holster . You whip it out with delight to see ... a shiny new notification from Highlight . Could it be ? Is your dreamboat partner in this very room ?! SXSW fave Highlight is what is known as an "  ambient location-sharing app , " which means that it is always on  unless you "  pause " it  , alerting others using the service to your whereabouts . When you first install the app , you 'll be asked to connect via Facebook , thus porting all your friends and interests into Highlight . From there on out , you 'll be alerted via push notifications every time someone of interest is nearby -- you know , folks with a lot of mutual friends , hobbies , taste in TV , etc. . These interactions will also be stored in a kind of in-app log . From there , you have the option to check out their profiles and send them a message if you feel keen on meeting . You can also "  Highlight " people for future reference , which is kind of the equivalent of a "  wink " on an online dating site  IE a complete wuss move  . That 's right , tech-savvy businessman , now you can meet all kinds of interesting people -- mere feet from your nervous self -- without the hassle of the initial awkward introduction . Highlight now , message one Mojito later . Meet IRL if they deign to answer you . Super creepy : Banjo Your doll collection just is n't cutting it anymore . Seriously , how much can one stretch one 's imagination when it comes to weaving background stories for inanimate objects ? And QVC 's wares are n't getting any cheaper . If only you could discover some brand new friends -- complete with dossiers  like the books that come with those American Girl dolls  -- with whom to maybe , possibly , someday but not likely hang out with . Well , you 've got a friend in Banjo ! Banjo serves two purposes : It alerts you when a friend is in your vicinity , and it gives you a glimpse into the lives of those around you -- and around the world . Upon downloading the iOS/Android app , you can connect to Twitter , Facebook , Foursquare , Instagram and Google + to keep track of all your friends . When a friend posts content or checks in using any of those services near you  you can change the distance from one-fourth mile to 10  , you 'll get an alert . If they 're using Banjo , you can send them a message in-app , and if they 're not , you can post a message to whatever content or check-in they shared , asking them to join the service .  We do n't recommend doing this unless you 're OK with someone putting cheesy words in your mouth like : "  How cool ! Banjo tells me we 're close by , so let 's connect ! If the whereabouts of your friends are less than thrilling  "  Jesus Christ , who the F cares that you went to the bodega and bought dish soap ?! "  , you can toggle over to the "  Explore " map or the "  People " box to check out a graphical representation of people in your area . That info is collected via check-ins/content as well , so users do n't have to be Banjo members to show up on your map . From there , you can click through whatever content they 're sharing -- tweets , Instagram photos , etc -- and live vicariously to your heart 's content . You can even message folks if they 're Banjo members  or spam them -- like your friends -- if they 're not  . Bonus : Banjo also shows who has looked at you , so there 's plenty of opps for potential couples to awkwardly check out each other 's profiles until one of them breaks . The app even lets you creep internationally , virtually zooming around cities like Paris and London and anywhere else your heart desires . And you thought that Canadian Maple Leaf doll from the Babies A Bloom collection you bought last week was an international adventure !	Sonar , Highlight and Banjo are a new wave of social apps that were all the buzz at SXSW Sonar shows who is chilling at hot spots near you and who you might be interested to meet Highlight alerts you when people who share your interests are nearby Banjo lets you see whatever content -- tweets , photos , etc. -- nearby users are sharing
CNN  -- California 's top prosecutor will seek a change in an 1872 state law after an appeals court cited "  historical anomalies in the law " when overturning a rape conviction of a man who allegedly pretended to be an 18-year-old woman 's boyfriend in a dark bedroom . The appeals court ordered a retrial in the 2009 rape case . "  This law is arcane and I will work with the Legislature to fix it , " Attorney General Kamala D. Harris said in a statement Friday . "  The evidence is clear that this case involved a nonconsensual assault that fits within the general understanding of what constitutes rape . " Opinion : End culture of rape in 2013 This week , the California Court of Appeal overturned the rape conviction of Julio Morales , who was accused of raping an 18-year-old acquaintance after her boyfriend left the bedroom and she fell asleep . The court laid out the unusual circumstances of the case and problems in the 1872 law in the first paragraph of its ruling Wednesday : "  A man enters the dark bedroom of an unmarried woman after seeing her boyfriend leave late at night , and has sexual intercourse with the woman while pretending to be the boyfriend , " the court wrote . "  Has the man committed rape ? "  Because of historical anomalies in the law and the statutory definition of rape , the answer is no , even though , if the woman had been married and the man had impersonated her husband , the answer would be yes , " the court said . Debate over Violence Against Women Act centers on the vulnerable Los Angeles County prosecutors charged Morales with rape of an unconscious woman under the 1872 law , the court said . He was eventually convicted and sentenced to three years . During the trial , the jury was instructed that " -LSB- a -RSB- woman is unconscious of the nature of the act if she is unconscious or asleep or not aware that the act is occurring or not aware of the essential characteristics of the act because the perpetrator tricked , lied to , or concealed information from her . " The prosecutor argued correctly that the 18-year-old woman was asleep , but argued incorrectly that the woman was n't aware of the act due to Morales ' alleged deception about being her boyfriend , the court said . In conflicting testimony , the defendant testified at one point that he told the woman he was n't her boyfriend , the court said . "  Because we can not discern from this record whether the jury convicted defendant on the correct or incorrect theory , we must reverse , " the court said . ` She could have been me ' : Action urged after Delhi gang rape case "  We conclude that under the peculiar facts of this case , reversal is required because the prosecutor argued an incorrect theory of guilt , the instruction permitted the jury to convict on that theory , and the record does not permit us to find that the jury relied only on the prosecutor 's correct theory , " the court said . Morales ' court-appointed attorney , Edward H. Schulman , said the retrial must omit the controversial instruction about an unconscious rape victim not being aware of "  the essential characteristics of the act because the perpetrator tricked , lied to , or concealed information from her . " The retrial would be Morales ' third trial , Schulman told CNN . The first trial resulted in a hung jury , and the second convicted Morales , he said . Morales is now in his early 20s , the attorney said . State Assemblyman Katcho Achadjian said Friday that he will reintroduce legislation to close the loophole that resulted in the reversal . He first proposed such legislation last year after a woman in Santa Barbara County was raped in her bedroom . The woman first thought the attacker was her boyfriend and initially consented to sex . The county district attorney was unable to prosecute the man with felony rape . "  Californians are justifiably outraged by this court ruling , and it is important that the Legislature join together to close whatever loopholes may exist in the law and uphold justice for rape victims , " Achadjian said of the Morales case . Defense battles social media blizzard in Ohio rape case CNN 's Stefan Simons contributed to this report .	California appeals court orders a retrial in a 2009 rape case Court cites ` historical anomalies ' in an 1872 law and definition of rape The attorney general will seek to change ` arcane ' law A man allegedly pretended to be an 18-year-old woman 's boyfriend in a dark bedroom
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Nearly two decades after the first Gulf war and six years after Saddam Hussein was removed from power , Iraq still is subject to 73 United Nations resolutions . A March 1991 photo shows burning oil wells in Kuwait damaged by Iraq military forces . Now Iraq 's foreign minister says his country "  will not regain full sovereignty and independence without getting rid of these resolutions . " Speaking to reporters in Washington , Hoshyar Zebari said Monday that Iraq has paid "  billions " of dollars under Chapter 7 of the U.N. sanctions placed on Iraq as a result of the 1990 Iraq invasion of Kuwait and subsequent war . The U.N. Security Council is reviewing the sanctions , and Zebari said he had "  intensive discussions " in New York with members of the Security Council . He said "  I think the outcome is positive . " "  We felt a great deal of good will that , really , time has come for Iraq to get rid of all these restrictions and to regain its international standing and position as a normal country . " The Iraqi foreign minister said bringing Iraq out of Chapter 7 is an "  American commitment also " since Iraq signed the status of forces agreement with the United States , which governs the presence of U.S. forces in Iraq , based on its understanding that the U.S. would help Iraq to come out of Chapter 7 . Foreign Minister Zebari said the sanctions impose a heavy burden on Iraq -- it continues to pay 5 percent of its oil revenues to Kuwait , down from the initial 30 percent . Iraq 's security forces , he told reporters , have "  proven they are capable of defending themselves and the country . " In the next six months , however , he said , the country faces some risks . "  What can be seen as problems could become crises unless this administration keeps its focus and support to push the situation forward ; otherwise this overall strategy of responsible redeployment could be undermined . " If that happens , Zebari said , it "  will impact what the U.S. is doing in the Middle East , in the Arab peace process , with Iran , even in Afghanistan because Iraq is such a crucial player in the region . "	Iraq 's FM says his country wo n't be fully independent until U.N. sanctions end Iraq has paid "  billions of dollars " under U.N. 's Chapter 7 , foreign minister says "  Intensive discussions " held with Security Council members , minister says
CNN  -- Hundreds of residents of an area contaminated by a catastrophic reactor meltdown at a nuclear plant in northeastern Japan have been allowed to return home three years after the disaster . An evacuation order , declared in the aftermath of a devastating tsunami that crippled the Fukushima-Daiichi nuclear plant in March , 2011 , was lifted at midnight on Monday from the Miyakoji district of Tamura city in Fukushima Prefecture . Residents of the town , who have been in limbo ever since , are now free to re-inhabit their homes following decontamination work in the area . The Tohoku earthquake and subsequent tsunami off Japan 's northeastern coast led to the worst nuclear disaster since Chernobyl in 1986 . Three reactors melted down , with the resulting radiation fallout forcing nearly 140,000 people from their homes . Around 138,000 Fukushima residents remain in temporary accommodation , with a number of cities , towns and villages reduced to ghost towns due to continued high levels of radiation . "  We are doing as much as possible  to allow  the other residents can come home . We are strengthening support towards the residents  and  strengthening the decommissioning work , " a TEPCO spokesperson told CNN . Restrictions lifted Monday 's lifting of the exclusion order is the first time an area this close to the site has been cleared . Miyakoji is 12 miles  20 kilometers  from the plant , on the edge of the initial exclusion zone . Prior to the lifting of the order , some Fukushima residents were allowed to stay overnight in their homes , subject to registration . All restrictions on their movements have now been lifted within the cleared district . 355 residents -- out of a total 116 households -- are now free to return to their homes in Miyakoji permanently . The city of Tamura is one of eleven settlements in Fukushima that are still subject to evacuation orders . Radiation worries However , concerns remain about background radiation levels and uncertainty surrounding the safety of the area , especially given past concerns about the reporting of radiation levels in the area by Fukushima 's operator , Tokyo Electric Power Company  TEPCO  . Last month , Miyakoji residents were told at a community meeting that radiation contamination levels had lowered sufficiently to enable their return to the area -- though some voiced concern over existing radiation levels despite decontamination efforts around some communities . "  Yes , I am a bit worried . But it 's my land , my house , so I am feel safer and more at home here , " one resident told broadcaster NHK . Areas are declared suitable for habitation if residents are exposed to a maximum of 20 millisieverts of radiation per year . Officials have said they would like to get radiation exposure down to one millisievert a year . The containment effort at the wrecked Fukushima plant has been beset by problems , with regular reports of leaks of contaminated material . Earlier this year , an estimated 100 metric tons of highly contaminated water flowed over a barrier around a containment tank and is being absorbed into the ground , TEPCO said in a statement -- though it denied there was any leakage into the nearby Pacific Ocean . INTERACTIVE : How Fukushima changed world 's attitudes to nuclear power	Evacuation zone near stricken Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant lifted More than 100 households cleared to return to city only 12 miles from site of disaster Suspicions concerning the safety of the area remain
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Japan 's Prime Minister Taro Aso announced a historic ¥ 15 trillion  $ 150 billion  stimulus package Friday aimed to turn around the recession in the world 's second largest economy . Japan 's Prime Minister Taro Aso has announced a $ 150 billion stimulus package . Steeped in a recession , with a surge in bankruptcies and sentiment among its largest manufacturers at a record low , Japan has seen unemployment reach a three-year high . The stimulus plan is meant to keep Japan 's economy from cracking open , coalition party officials told CNN . It is the biggest-ever supplemental budget to boost the ailing economy . Japan has been hit hard by the global financial slump . Although Japanese banks were spared the brunt of the credit crisis , the drop in exports to the United States has sent the country into its worst recession since World War II . Aso needs the package to boost Japan 's economy and his government 's popularity . "  This could help save his life as prime minister , " said Satoru Ogasawara , a Tokyo-based economist for Credit Suisse . The Aso administration 's approval rating fell below 10 percent two months ago , but has been buoyed by the stimulus package and the recent North Korea rocket launch , Ogasawara said . If approved , the package could add two points to the country 's gross domestic product , Ogasawara said . But its long-term impact remains an open question . "  It will help the economy from collapsing from this point ... -LSB- but -RSB- unless the package improves productivity or increases demand , it will be a short-term fix , " Ogasawara said . Jesper Koll , president and chief executive of TRJ Tantallon Research Japan , said the stimulus package was unlike the ¥ 12 trillion injections into the economy in the past eight months . "  This is the first designed with real business input , and that 's reflected in the package , " he said , referring to a series of meetings Aso held with business leaders last month . "  That 's outside the normal technocratic , bureaucratic fix . ... It is n't just pork-barrel money for the boys . " Koll cites details of the plan -- such as tax breaks for gift-giving , environmentally friendly cars , or measures to increase employment in health care -- as a step forward . "  This goes way beyond grand-standing fiscal policy . It 's very specific . For Japan , that 's something , " he said . Still , Japan now has one of the highest amounts of public debt in the world - a rate which could approach 200 percent of GDP next year , according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development . "  The government has since spent billions and billions of dollars to support the economy , " Kirby Daley , a strategist for brokerage Newedge , said . "  Japan has been trying this and has now gone into almost two lost decades and will likely enter a third lost decade if they continue down this policy path . It has not worked in Japan . It will not work again . " Among the package 's highlights : -- ¥ 1.9 trillion for unemployment benefits and the promotion of job sharing . -- ¥ 3 trillion to boost struggling companies . -- ¥ 1.6 trillion to promote green initiatives , such as the purchase of environmentally friendly cars and energy-efficient electronics . -- ¥ 2.6 trillion for infrastructure , such as airport runways , train networks and road extensions . -- ¥ 1.7 trillion for health and welfare . The proposed stimulus package helped a rally in Japanese stocks this week , with the Nikkei 225 Average briefly breaking the 9000-point level for the first time in three months on Friday morning trading . The Nikkei hit a 26-year record low last month .	Japan announces ¥ 15 trillion  $ 150 billion  in extra spending Friday The stimulus plan is meant to keep Japan 's economy from cracking open ¥ 1.9 trillion allocated for unemployment benefits and the promotion of job-sharing
CNN  -- France 's all-time leading goalscorer Thierry Henry has announced his retirement from international soccer . Henry confirmed his decision on the day he was presented as a New York Red Bulls player having signed a multi-year contract with MLS side after leaving Spanish champions Barcelona . The 32-year-old scored 51 goals for his country but only made two substitute appearances as France were knocked in the group stages at the World Cup . The squad returned in disgrace after refusing to train two days before a vital game but Henry says France 's dismal showing had nothing to do with his decision . "  South Africa did n't play any part in it . My decision was taken right before the World Cup , " he told reporters in New York . "  I could have announced my decision before the World Cup but I did n't want to put that kind of cloud on the team . I think it was time for me to stop after the World Cup . " Asked what went wrong at the World Cup Henry replied : "  I actually would like to know myself . I do n't know what it was . "  From a personal point of view , I am always going to respect the decision of the coach . It was -LSB- Raymond Domenech 's -RSB- decision not to play me and I respect that . "  Lots of stuff was invented unfortunately . I just like to stick to the pitch , and the problem was we did n't play very well . That 's the only thing we should be talking about right now . We did n't perform . It 's as simple as that . "  We had a good atmosphere , but when you do n't perform well it is difficult . For me , you can also have a lot of stuff happening when you win . We just did n't play well . I will stick to this . "  I think the team should move on now with Laurent Blanc in position as the coach , and hopefully they can qualify for the European Championships and do well in that competition . " As for his move to New York , Henry said a switch to the United States was something he had been thinking about for "  four or five months . " "  I can assure you I have come here to try to win , that is the most important thing , " Henry said . "  I am a competitive person and I 'm sure the boss can put a team out there to do it . "  I 've met some people who came to MLS before and played for this club . I played with a guy you know well , Youri Djorkaeff , and know Claudio Reyna too . "  For me there was not any other option than New York Red Bulls . I wanted to represent New York . I love this city . It was a no brainer for me . "	Thierry Henry announces his retirement from international soccer Henry retires as France 's leading goalscorer with 51 The 32-year-old says he made his decision before the World Cup Henry says his move to the New York Red Bulls was a "  no brainer "
Ellen DeGeneres was so nice as an Oscars host the first time , the Academy has asked her to do it twice . "  It 's official : I 'm hosting the #Oscars ! " DeGeneres tweeted Friday . "  I 'd like to thank @TheAcademy , my wife Portia and , oh dear , there goes the orchestra . " We 'll get to hear more of her quips when she leads the Oscars ceremony next March . The producers of last year 's show , Craig Zadan and Neil Meron , are returning to oversee the upcoming production . The duo said in a statement that they 're "  thrilled " to have DeGeneres join the team . "  As a longtime friend , we had always hoped to find a project for us to do together , and nothing could be more exciting than teaming up to do the Oscars , " Zadan and Meron said . "  There are few stars today who have Ellen 's gift for comedy , with her great warmth and humanity . She is beloved everywhere and we expect that the audience at the Dolby Theatre , and in homes around the globe , will be as excited by this news as we are . " DeGeneres previously hosted the 79th Oscars in 2007 , and snagged an Emmy nod for her work . The daytime talk show host follows Seth MacFarlane , whose hosting of the 2013 Academy Awards was divisive . As for what we can expect from her this time around , DeGeneres is trying to adjust expectations . "  I am so excited to be hosting the Oscars for the second time , " DeGeneres said in the Academy 's announcement . "  You know what they say -- the third time 's the charm . " The Oscars will air live on ABC March 2 , 2014 .	Ellen DeGeneres will host the 2014 Oscars The daytime talk show host follows Seth MacFarlane It 's the second time she 's hosted the ceremony The Oscars will air on ABC March 2 , 2014
Entertainment Weekly  -- In a sound-bite sure to be re-watched in years to come by the eight kids Jon and Kate Gosselin have brought into the world , Jon Gosselin told Good Morning America , "  I despise her . " Jon Gosselin speaks out about his bitter break-up with his wife in a new television interview . Kate , said Jon , "  beat me down ... like a lame fish . " Speaking to interviewer Chris Cuomo , Gosselin , always the less voluble of the couple and recently better known for pictures of his post-separation partying than his pithy statements , let loose . "  Stop feeding into the frenzy , " he responded when Cuomo asked if he had a message to Kate . Jon was referring to Kate 's continuing public profile , such as her recent Larry King Live interview . Watch Gosselin let loose on wife " Even Cuomo seemed taken aback by Jon 's vehemence . When Jon used the word "  despise , " Cuomo warned him gently to be careful , that the "  tit-for-tat " sniping might be harmful . Jon just piled on more . "  Our relationship will never be fixed , " he said flatly . Asked why he does n't still wear his wedding ring , as Kate wears hers , he said , "  She took my ring . " When Cuomo looked skeptical , Jon said , "  Who else would take it ? " He added he 'd looked under his kids ' pillows for it , so I guess he considered them no longer suspects . Cuomo said the interview lasted three hours . Depending on your point of view the good news or the bad is that it 's been edited down to just enough to fit in to tonight 's one-hour ABC show "  Primetime Family Secrets , " at 10 p.m. ET . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Our relationship will never be fixed , " Jon Gosselin says in a television interview Jon and Kate Gosselin have been going through a bitter break-up The pair star in the reality TV show "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 "
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate voted Wednesday to approve the new nuclear arms control treaty with Russia -- a major foreign policy victory for the Obama administration near the end of the lame-duck session of Congress . The New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty , or New START , was cleared by a 71-26 vote . Several Republicans joined a unified Democratic caucus in support of the accord . Under Senate rules , the treaty required support from a two-thirds majority of voting senators for final approval . "  This is the most significant arms control agreement in nearly two decades , " President Barack Obama said after the vote . It "  will enhance our leadership to stop the spread of nuclear weapons and seek the peace of a world without them . " Bipartisan passage of the measure "  sends a powerful signal to the world that Republicans and Democrats stand together on behalf of our security . " If ratified , the treaty would resume inspections of each country 's nuclear arsenal while limiting both the United States and Russia to 1,550 warheads and 700 launchers . It still needs to be approved by the Russian parliament . Obama signed the treaty with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev in April . The accord is considered a critical component of nuclear non-proliferation efforts and the administration 's attempt to "  reset " Washington 's relationship with Moscow . Several senators were reassured by the last-minute passage of an amendment stating that the accord should not be interpreted in a way that would hamper U.S. missile defense plans . The amendment was sponsored by Republican senators John McCain of Arizona and Bob Corker of Tennessee , among others . Others said they had been assured of an administration commitment to modernize America 's aging nuclear arsenal . "  The people of the world are watching us , because they rely on our leadership , " said Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman John Kerry , D-Massachusetts . It is time to "  move the world a little more out of the dark shadow of nuclear nightmare . " "  We are the leading nuclear power on this earth . It is our responsibility to lead , " said Sen. Byron Dorgan , D-North Dakota . This treaty is "  a step in the right direction . " Indiana Sen. Richard Lugar , the top Republican on the Foreign Relations Committee , called it a step forward in terms of constraining "  expensive arms competition with Russia " and frustrating "  rogue nations who would prefer as much distance as possible between the United States and Russia . " Not all Republicans were convinced of the treaty 's merits , however . Sen. Jim DeMint , R-South Carolina , argued on the Senate floor that the basic premise of the treaty -- that America 's nuclear arsenal should be at parity with Russia 's -- is flawed . "  Russia is a protector of none and a threat to many . America is a protector of many and a threat to none , " DeMint said . DeMint also voiced an ongoing conservative complaint in the lame-duck session -- that Democrats were ramming the treaty through as part of a long list of partisan priorities rejected by the public in the midterm elections . "  We should not be passing major legislation at this time of year with this Congress , " he said . The arms pact is part of "  a continued effort of accommodation and appeasement " that makes a "  mockery of the debate and ratification process . " Sen. Mark Kirk , R-Illinois , called the treaty "  an echo from the 20th century " that fails to account for new and emerging threats . Kirk and several other senators expressed a fear that the treaty would weaken America 's ability to prevent potential nuclear attacks from countries such as Iran and North Korea . McCain himself , despite passage of the amendment he sponsored , ultimately voted against the accord , as well . He argued that that it "  re-establishes an old and outdated linkage between nuclear arms and missile defense , which is no longer suited to the threats of today 's world . " Passage of the treaty appeared to be in doubt for weeks . A late burst of support came Tuesday , however , after treaty supporters voted down or tabled several Republican amendments , saying they were unnecessary and would imperil the pact by reopening negotiated language or understandings with Russia . The defeated amendments included adding a reference to tactical nuclear weapons and a bid to remove from the preamble language recognizing a relationship between offensive and defensive weapons . A number of senior military leaders publicly endorsed the treaty , including Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . "  This treaty has the full support of your uniformed military , and we all support its ratification , " Mullen wrote in a letter read Monday by Kerry . The late endorsement helped undercut a move by some conservatives to delay final consideration of the treaty until January , when Republicans will have a stronger minority in the Senate and , therefore , more leverage . Obama and Democratic leaders , conversely , pushed strongly to get the agreement passed before their majority in the Senate diminishes . In a sign of the high stakes involved , Obama and other top administration officials , including Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , all talked to individual senators in recent days to seek support for the treaty . Biden , acting in his capacity as president of the Senate , personally presided over the final vote . Clinton also went to Capitol Hill to discuss the issue with former Senate colleagues . Sen. Ron Wyden , D-Oregon , managed to make it to the Senate for the vote despite undergoing prostate cancer surgery Monday . A joyous atmosphere was seen on the floor after the vote -- likely the last Senate action of the lame-duck session . The treaty 's supporters and opponents alike congratulated Lugar and Kerry , the key congressional proponents of the accord . An overwhelming majority of Americans support ratification of the treaty , according to a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Tuesday : 73 percent of people questioned in the national poll said the Senate should approve the accord , while 24 percent said senators should reject it . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Tom Cohen , Dana Bash , Ted Barrett and Lesa Jansen contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama praises unity between parties in passing nuclear arms accord NEW : McCain decries "  outdated linkage between nuclear arms and missile defense " The New START passes in a 71-26 vote as some Republicans back treaty Treaty will resume inspections , limit each nation to 1,550 warheads and 700 launchers
CNN  -- Apple , the world 's most valuable company , became definitively less valuable on Monday after news the global tech giant halved its orders for screens for the iPhone 5 . According to Japan 's Nikkei news service , Apple had originally ordered 65 million iPhone screens for the 2013 January-to-March quarter from its suppliers which include Japan 's Sharp Corp. and South Korea 's LG Display Co. . Apple 's share price plunged 3.57 % to $ 501.75 -- its lowest point in 11 months -- continuing its slide from September 19 when the company 's share price hit an all-time high of $ 702.10 . Investors holding 100 shares of the company on that day would have lost more than $ 20,000 after Monday 's close of trading . The reports of Apple 's cuts for LCD screens , as well as other parts , now have many fearing that demand for the iPhone 5 have been weaker-than-expected , according to people with knowledge of the matter . Just last month , Jefferies analyst Peter Misek already cut his estimate for iPhone shipment volumes for the first quarter of 2013 , saying Apple had to "  balance excess inventory " by cutting orders to suppliers . In the global smartphone market , Apple has consistently trailed its biggest rival Samsung of South Korea . Fewer than two in ten smartphones that shipped in the third quarter of 2012 ran on Apple 's iOS operating software , according to researcher International Data Corporation . In the same quarter , Google 's Android software , which serves as Samsung 's operating platform , ran more than seven in ten smartphones around the world . In the global tablet market , IDC expects Apple will have maintained its number one position in 2012 with a 53.8 % market share -- but that is a fall from a 56.3 % share in 2011 . At the same time , Android 's market share is predicted to have grown from 39.8 % in 2011 to 42.7 % for 2012 . "  Android tablets are gaining traction in the market thanks to solid products from Google , Amazon , Samsung , and others , " said IDC in a press release . To shore up some support , Apple 's CEO Tim Cook last week traveled to China for the second time in ten months -- a visit interpreted by some as an effort to fight Apple 's falling market share in the country . Apple fell from fourth to sixth place in market share in the third quarter of 2012 , according to IDC . In his same visit , Cook said he expects China will eventually surpass the United States as its largest market , though he did not give a time frame . "  We are continuing to invest in retail stores here and will open many more over the next several years , " said Cook . "  We have some great sites selected , our manufacturing base is here , and we have incredible partners here . So it 's a very , very important country to us . " In addition to dispatching its CEO , Apple is also expected to dispatch new iterations of its iPhone and iPad products , perhaps as early as June or July , which may propel the company 's stock price as past launches have in the past . In the near-term , Apple is set to reveal earnings for its first fiscal year on January 23 . That report will include profit numbers for the first full quarter in which the iPhone 5 was on sale .	Apple has halved its orders for screens for the iPhone 5 Apple 's share price plunged 3.57 % to $ 501.75 -- its lowest point in 11 months Apple 's iOS software runs two in ten smartphones , compared to Android 's seven out of ten CEO Tim Cook expects that China will become Apple 's biggest market
Washington  CNN  -- A federal judge on Tuesday ordered a full mental competency screening for Omar Gonzalez , who is accused of jumping the White House fence , after a disputed initial examination found him not competent for trial . U.S. District Court Judge Rosemary Collyer expressed concern that the initial mental exam , ordered by a magistrate judge , was done before she had a chance to hear a legal motion by the defense disputing whether the magistrate had the authority to order it . David Bos , the federal public defender representing Gonzalez , objected to any examination in the first place because he says Gonzalez is fit for trial . The 60-minute initial mental examination of Gonzalez at the District of Columbia jail came as a surprise to the judge and to both the government and defense . But the result , finding Gonzalez not competent , ca n't be ignored , Collyer said in court Tuesday . Bos told the judge : "  There is no doubt in my mind that Mr. Gonzalez is competent to stand trial . " Nonetheless , he withdrew his objections and agreed to allow his client to undergo a fuller competency examination to try to undo the results of the initial examination . The judge delayed arraignment for Gonzalez on new charges the government filed against him last week . Gonzalez was arrested in September after he allegedly jumped the White House fence and sprinted into the executive mansion , setting off concerns about Secret Service security procedures . He was found with a folding knife and told a Secret Service agent "  that he was concerned that the atmosphere was collapsing and needed to get the information to the President of the United States so that he could get the word out to the people , " according to an agent 's affidavit filed in court . His family has said Gonzalez , an Iraq War veteran , suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder and paranoia . The incident came amid a series of disclosures about Secret Service lapses that cost the agency 's director , Julia Pierson , her job . Collyer said that during the initial examination , the mental health screener found Gonzalez did understand some parts of the proceedings . The judge suggested that Gonzalez 's mental issues , which she did n't describe more fully , could be resolved with medication . The judge also raised concerns that the government 's handling of previous unrelated cases could mean it will take some time for Gonzalez to be examined at a federal Bureau of Prisons facility . She gave one example of an unnamed defendant who sat at the District of Columbia jail for months before anyone noticed he had n't received the tests that were ordered . The problem , she said , was that sequestration has cut resources for the Bureau of Prisons and finding a bed can take time . Collyer ordered the mental health screening to be done in 30 days and set a new hearing for December 3 at 10:30 a.m.	Omar Gonzalez is accused of jumping the White House fence in September An initial evaluation finds him not competent to stand trial His attorney argues Gonzalez is fine , but agrees to more thorough exam
Kampala , Uganda  CNN  -- On the streets of the Ugandan capital of Kampala , scores of vulnerable children face uncertain futures . Living down alleyways and trying to make a living near busy traffic junctions , these kids are often subject to abuse and exploitation . Youth unemployment is rampant in the east-central African country , with reports by international bodies , like the African Development Bank , putting estimates as high as 83 % . But one former street kid , Innocent Byaruhanga , is hoping to turn things around . In 2011 , Byaruhanga launched Pamoja , a center working with former street children and vulnerable youth to produce sustainable shoes out of disused tires . "  What we did was come up with -LSB- an -RSB- idea that can give skills to these children , " says Byaruhanga . A former street child himself , Byaruhanga is well aware of what hundreds of vulnerable kids are being exposed to -- dangers like substance abuse , crime , lack of nutrition , exploitation and stigmatization . "  The biggest challenge that youth and former street children face is unemployment and drug abuse , " he explains . "  They are either exploited by the drug lords or use them to enable them forget their problems . This is because they live in poor conditions and have to cope with their poverty or find a livelihood by all means available to them . " Trash into treasure Byaruhanga 's Pamoja Center is an initiative of his not-for-profit , Save Street Children Uganda , which he established in 2005 . The center 's goal is to help the youth realize their potential by equipping them with techniques and knowledge that they can use to "  make a contribution to society within their communities . " "  We came out with an idea of making shoes and we said what can we do that people are not doing ? " explains Byaruhanga . "  What can we do that will attract people to buy ? What can we do in order that will earn us money at a quicker speed and at the same time which is very cheap ? " The answers were n't far : looking around the slums , the resourceful entrepreneur saw piles of ruined tires laying strewn aside , so he decided to turn trash into treasure . "  We want to use the things that people do n't see as valuable , " says Byaruhanga as he outlines the startup 's approach . "  Number one : Ugandan-made ; two : Ugandan-owned ; three : made from the thing that people do n't see ; four : we want to do something that is very durable , " he says . "  The work we are doing is not only help us to create employments for vulnerable children . We also want to protect the environment . " Creating leaders And so from exhausted rubber tires , youngsters in Kampala are taught how to cut and manufacture eco-friendly footwear . Since 2011 , Byaruhanga says Pamoja Center has been able to employ and train over 80 former street children and 37 vulnerable community youth aged between 12 to 24 years old . Not only that , but for every pair of shoes produced and sold , Pamoja shares the profits with the youthful cobbler , in turn allowing them to support themselves . "  We want to surprise the entire Uganda as a nation . We want to set up an industry , " Byaruhanga says full of vigor . "  Young people should be the ones to lead , to make decision-making . "  We want to create jobs for the youth , we want to create jobs for former street children , and also the orphans . "	Innocent Byaruhanga launched the Pamoja Centre in 2011 in the slums of Kampala , Uganda A former street kid himself , founder wants to end high youth unemployment Pamoja offers skills training to disadvantaged children from Kampala streets He says : "  We want to create jobs for former street children , and also orphans "
CNN  -- It 's been a month since the "  cease-fire " was due to come into effect in Syria as the first step in a U.N.-backed peace plan , with a team of U.N. monitors on the ground to observe the progress . But clearly , there is no let-up in the violence . Daily reports spill in of bombings , shootings , explosions and more as opposition groups and the regime forces of President Bashar al-Assad battle for more than a year . So , where does the Syria conflict stand now ? First , it 's very difficult to get a clear picture of the extent of the violence in Syria , who 's perpetrating it and where . The international media 's access is very limited , and the U.N. observer mission -- still not at full strength -- is unable to monitor all hot spots . But there is certainly no cease-fire ; opposition groups report daily attacks by regime forces , which continue to use indiscriminate artillery fire . The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says 60 people were killed in the first three days of last week . U.N. peacekeeping chief Herve Ladsous told the Security Council last week that there has been a shift in the military 's tactics , according to diplomats , with a decline in the use of heavy weapons and large-scale operations . But there have been widespread arrests recently . The special U.N.-Arab League envoy , Kofi Annan , echoed that view . Diplomats say he expressed concern that arrests and torture were increasing and that government forces "  continue to press against the population . " Observer on Syrians ' stories : ` They burned my heart ' The Syrian security forces finally broke the back of popular resistance in the Bab Amr district of Homs early in March , but killings continue in the city . There 's also been substantial bloodshed in Hama since then , where an uprising in 1982 was savagely put down by the current president 's father . In Idlib province in the northwest , the resistance remains strong . Journalists have reported burned-out tanks near the provincial capital , which is ringed by checkpoints . Soldiers do n't enter some towns for fear of ambush . Elements of the Free Syrian Army appear to be able to operate in mountainous areas near the Turkish border . Their aim is to turn it into a "  government-free zone . " In the south , where it all started more than a year ago , there are daily reports of security forces opening fire and using artillery against what the regime deems to be opposition neighborhoods . What has really changed in the past few months , starting in Damascus in January , is the emergence of a bombing campaign against key government installations . On Thursday , the deadliest bomb attacks yet killed at least 55 people , according to the Interior Ministry , wounded nearly 400 and caused widespread devastation in the Qazzaz neighborhood of Damascus . A bomb also exploded near a U.N. observer convoy in southern Syria last week . The Syrian Interior Ministry blamed "  terrorist suicide attacks " for the carnage and says most of the victims are civilians . It does seem that jihadist cells are emerging in Syria . One calls itself the al Nusrah Front and provided video evidence of a suicide attack carried out in Damascus in January . It also claimed responsibility for a bombing in Damascus last week . Some of its claims can not be substantiated , but U.S. officials have expressed anxiety about a growing jihadist element in the resistance . Most Syrian protesters have little sympathy for Islamist militancy and have begun waving posters insisting there is no al Qaeda in their midst . The opposition Syrian National Council alleges the regime itself is staging such attacks to paint the resistance as terrorists and is itself in league with al Qaeda . Is al-Assad shooting himself in the foot ? Of particular concern to the regime is the recent spate of protests and bomb attacks in Aleppo , the commercial heart of Syria , which until recently was spared the worst of the violence . A blast near the Baath Party headquarters Friday was the latest in a string of attacks . If these attacks are the work of the government as the opposition alleges , it would be a high-risk strategy . Bottom line : Although street protests persist , the resistance has become more militarized and is beginning to resemble the early stages of the Iraqi insurgency in 2004 . And the security forces continue house-to-house raids and mass arrests , while relying less on the sort of shelling that reduced parts of Homs to rubble . More : Bashar al-Assad : President defined by violence | Al-Assad 's wife , Asma	It 's been a month since a "  cease-fire " was due to come into effect in Syria There has been no relief from the violence despite the U.N.-backed peace plan It 's starting to resemble early stages of the Iraqi insurgency in 2004
CNN  -- Scenes from the mass shooting in an Aurora , Colorado , movie theater are horrific , but are all too familiar in the United States . Some have argued that gun control is irrelevant to mass shootings because the perpetrators are typically so determined that they will overcome any legal hurdle to acquiring firearms . However , mass murderers often use assault weapons or guns with large ammunition capacity . Opinion : Gun control or carry permits wo n't stop mass murder One of the guns James Eagan Holmes allegedly used to shoot 70 people within minutes was an assault rifle with a 100-round drum magazine . This extraordinary firepower enables gunmen to kill and wound more victims than they otherwise could if they used weapons that held fewer bullets . There is obviously no need for any civilian to have such powerful weapons . Rational gun policy , one that puts public safety ahead of the interests of the gun industry and gun enthusiasts , would ban firearms and ammunition clips that hold more than 10 rounds . Such a policy might not prevent many of our mass shootings , but it should reduce the number of victims from these incidents . Skeptics might point to the federal assault weapons ban  a section of the 1994 Violent Crime Control Act  that Congress let expire in 2004 as a failure that did not affect overall homicide rates . However , the law 's impact was limited by its narrowness that made it easy for gun manufacturers to evade . A broad ban on the sale and possession of high capacity  more than 10 rounds  ammunition magazines with stiff penalties would translate into saved lives . Between 9,000 and 10,000 people are murdered each year with guns in the U.S. , most garnering little attention . Local news coverage of such events typically provides scant information or context to enable citizens to understand the role of guns in these incidents . Invariably , the only time that gun violence and gun policy are discussed in the national media is after a horrific shooting rampage . We should not brush aside discussions of gun policy as too politically difficult to expect meaningful change , or "  the price for our freedoms . " Instead , we should reflect on why the U.S. has a murder rate that is nearly seven times higher than the average murder rate in other high-income countries and a nearly 20 times higher murder rate with guns . And we should consider how flaws in current gun policies contribute to this disparity . Standards for legal ownership and permits to carry a concealed gun are relatively lax in the U.S. . In most states , a person with a long history of arrests and convictions for misdemeanors  often pleaded down from felony charges  , prior restraining orders for domestic violence and history of drug and alcohol abuse can own as many military-style weapons as he can afford to purchase , and can legally carry concealed guns almost anywhere . Opinion : When will America wake up to gun violence ? Under federal law , anyone wanting to purchase a firearm from a licensed gun dealer must pass a background check . But in most states , the gun dealer who stands to profit from a gun sale , rather than a law enforcement agency , determines the authenticity of purchasers ' identification cards . Gun dealers face little consequence if they fail to account for dozens of guns upon inspection . Data indicating which gun dealers sell the most guns linked to crimes are kept from public view and can not be used in decisions about the dealer 's license . Illogically , federal law and most state gun laws allow firearm purchases from private sellers with no background check or questions asked . As a result of these policies , it is far too easy for dangerous people to own , carry and ultimately use guns . Following mass shootings , gun control opponents have not been bashful about pushing for laws to remove restrictions on carrying guns in schools , bars and churches . Indeed , calls for removing restrictions on carrying concealed firearms will not stop mass shootings . Research indicates that so-called right-to-carry laws do n't reduce violence , and may increase aggravated assaults . But studies I have conducted indicate that stricter regulations of gun sales , whether by retail dealers or by private sellers , are associated with fewer guns diverted to criminals . Moreover , national national surveys show that a large majority of citizens favor these reforms to our gun laws , including most gun owners . In addition , there is substantial research showing that law enforcement strategies that focus on deterring illegal gun possession reduce violent crime . Public health initiatives in Chicago and Baltimore , which use reformed ex-gang-members to reach out to youth , mediate disputes and promote alternatives to violence , have also been shown to significantly reduce homicides and shootings . More than 30,000 people die every year from guns in the U.S. , and more than 400,000 are victims of nonfatal crime committed with guns . The economic costs are staggering -- an estimated $ 100 billion annually . Only a small fraction of these deaths are connected to mass shootings . But the mounting deaths and associated trauma from mass shootings should motivate us to take action to make needed reforms to our gun laws , focus law enforcement resources on combating illegal gun possession and invest in prevention initiatives proven to reduce gun violence . America 's high rate of gun violence is shameful . When will we change ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel W. Webster .	Some people argue that gun control is irrelevant to mass shootings Daniel Webster : But mass murderers often use firearms with large ammunition capacity He says there is no need for any civilian to have such powerful weapons Webster : We need stricter regulations of gun sales to reduce death by gun violence
San Francisco , California  CNN  -- Officials have agreed to pay $ 1.5 million to the daughter of a man fatally shot in the back by a transit police officer on New Year 's Day 2009 in Oakland , California . A bystander 's cell-phone video of the shooting on a transit platform was widely circulated on the Internet and on news shows . The Bay Area Rapid Transit train system late Wednesday announced the settlement over the killing of Oscar Grant , 22 . "  It 's been a little over a year since we experienced the tragic death of Oscar Grant , " BART Board President James Fang said . "  No matter what anyone 's opinion of the case may be , the sad fact remains this incident has left Tatiana without a father . The $ 1.5 million settlement will provide financial support for her . " Grant 's daughter , Tatiana , is 5 . The video showed then-Officer Johannes Mehserle , 27 , pulling his gun and shooting Grant in the back as another officer kneeled on Grant . Mehserle might have intended to draw and fire his Taser rather than his gun , according to a court filing by his attorney . The shooting sparked large protests in Oakland and led to Mehserle 's arrest on a murder charge . The case against him is pending . Initially , attorney John Burris asked for $ 50 million in a wrongful-death lawsuit filed on behalf of Grant 's daughter . Burris was not immediately available for comment on the settlement . The transit system 's police department has made several changes since the shooting . The department has increased training hours for officers , is requiring them to report all "  use-of-force incidents , " and is tapping the public 's help in searching for a new police chief , the transit system said in a statement . "  This settlement is critical in our efforts to move forward , " said Carole Ward Allen , a BART board member . "  We 're working hard to make the police department the best it can be for our officers , our customers and our community . "	San Francisco 's BART to pay daughter of man shot by officer Oscar Grant was shot in the back on New Year 's Day 2009 Officer may have thought he was firing Taser ; he faces murder charge Bystander 's cell-phone video of incident widely seen on Internet , TV
Miami  CNN  -- Celebrity chef Paula Deen drew a standing ovation from a crowd of several hundred people Sunday in Miami Beach as she made her fourth public appearance since a controversy over her admitted use of a racial epithet in the past . "  We have come off a hard summer ... my family and my partners ... and I want to take a moment to apologize to those of you who did n't hear me . I hope you see us bring back good memories for you , " an emotional Deen told the crowd at the prestigious South Beach Wine and Food Festival . Looking thinner than she has in the past and appearing overjoyed by the exuberant reception , Deen said she used her months out of the spotlight to spend a lot of quality time with her grandchildren . While Deen was preparing one of her famous dumpling dishes , she invited celebrity chef Robert Irvine to the stage , and Irvine then jokingly said to her "  you apologized . You 've eaten crow . Just do n't do it anymore . " Irvine then added , "  It 's so good to have you back . This family is the best on the planet . " Deen told the audience that it was their cards and letters that helped her during and after the controversy , even personally thanking a young man in the audience from New Jersey who mailed her inspirational Bible verses . Deen 's career and public reputation went into a tailspin in June after her deposition in a lawsuit brought by a former restaurant employee was released . In the videotaped deposition , Deen admitted using the "  N word " in the past . Dean apologized publicly several times , but the efforts failed to suppress the controversy . In the media firestorm that followed , Deen lost lucrative endorsements and her Food Network cooking show , while the publication of her eagerly anticipated cookbook was canceled . In late August , a federal judge approved a deal dismissing the lawsuit , which leveled accusations of racism and sexual harassment . The lawsuit was dismissed "  with prejudice , " meaning it can not be filed again , according to a court filing . Two weeks ago , it was announced that a new business partnership was created with private-content and consumer distribution company Najafi Media . Najafi said it intends to rebuild and grow her business , Paula Deen Ventures . Najami is investing $ 75 million into Paula Deen Ventures . Known as "  the Queen of Southern cuisine , " Deen has sold over 8 million copies of her 14 cookbooks and is supported by one of the largest social media followings for any well-known chef . Through her representative , Deen said that attending the South Beach event this year , as she has for almost a decade , was like a homecoming for her . Deen also said she was grateful for having the opportunity of helping the festival raise millions of dollars for Florida International University 's Chaplin School of Hospitality and Tourism Management .	Paula Deen makes her fourth public appearance since controversy last year Controversy came from a deposition in which Deen admitted using a racial epithet She apologized several times , including Sunday at a wine and food festival The crowd greeted her with a standing ovation
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Severe flooding in Thailand on Saturday threatened central areas of Bangkok , a bustling capital barely above sea level and facing inundation at the next high tide predicted at 13 feet . Residents who decided to stay in their homes despite government pleas to get out waited anxiously to see whether high tide , forecast for Saturday afternoon , would overwhelm defenses along the Chao Phraya River and its many canals . Bangkok 's outer suburbs were already submerged , but the central city had been largely spared the misery Thailand has been suffering for months in the nation 's worst flooding since 1942 . In the east and the north of the city , water was at waist-level in some neighborhoods , but in central Bangkok , it had been mostly dry . The city was facing two converging threats , however . Runoff the equivalent of 480,000 Olympic-size pools was flowing south to the sea through Bangkok , as high tide pushed the water in the opposite direction . "  The challenge is to manage the huge runoff from the north passing via the city on its way to the Gulf of Thailand , " a Red Cross bulletin said . Saturday 's high tide , the Red Cross said , was expected to put "  extreme pressure " on Bangkok 's elaborate system of dikes and other flood defenses . Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra ordered work crews Friday to cut channels in roadways to allow faster drainage , according to the state-run MCOT news agency . But the plan was rejected late in the day in favor of dredging canals and using pumps , the Bangkok Post reported . Health concerns were rising with the water . Bangkok residents waded through murky waters without knowing what lurked within , the risk of infection and communicable disease worrying health officials . The government sent out crocodile hunters after reports of crocodiles and snakes in the filthy floodwater . "  We were hearing disturbing reports of dangerous animals such as snakes and crocodiles appearing in the floodwaters and every day we see children playing in the water , bathing or wading through it trying to make their way to dry ground , " said Annie Bodmer-Roy , spokeswoman for the humanitarian agency Save the Children . As floodwater entered homes , some Bangkok residents still in the city made plans to leave . Thanyarat Hemkittiwat said she was going to stay with relatives outside the city . "  Some families in southern Bangkok had their house flooded , " said the 31-year-old worker at a furniture export company , which was shut after it also was flooded . "  The water level is 2 meters  six feet  high and smells very bad , " she said . The military had set up a flood relief center , "  but now even that has water coming in it , " she said . Asked what help the government had provided , she said , "  We do n't see that the government is doing anything much to help people , so better to help ourselves by getting out of Bangkok . " But the Bangkok Post reported that government buses had evacuated a number of elderly residents from the northern and eastern suburbs , and would pick up residents of the capital on Saturday and take them out of Bangkok . As of Saturday , an estimated 1 million of the city 's 12 million residents had left . Another Bangkok resident said she was worried about abandoning her house , which has been flooded for five days , and would not leave . Still , so many people had left that the streets were relatively quiet . Panic buying had led to a shortage of food and bottled water in the capital , residents said . City officials bracing for more flooding have opened nine evacuation centers . Officials urged tourists to steer clear of Bangkok , while noting that many of the other tourist spots , such as Phuket , remained dry and open for business . Thailand 's Ministry of Public Health had transferred 280 of the capital 's 520 patients in severe condition to 22 hospitals upcountry , the MCOT news agency reported . The remaining 240 patients will be taken to hospitals in other provinces by Sunday , it said , citing Permanent-Secretary for Health Paichit Varachit . Health Minister Witthaya Buranasiri said that , after months of flooding , 107,101 Thais have been diagnosed with stress , 6,214 with depression and 878 at risk of suicide . In all , 1,356 people were under observation by health officials , the minister said , according to MCOT . The U.S. State Department issued a travel alert on Thursday , recommending against all but essential travel to affected areas . It noted that most tourist destinations , such as Phuket and Chiang Mai , were unaffected . U.S. Ambassador Kristie Kenny said the crisis was slow-moving and it was hard to know what would be hit next . The United States has already provided civilian relief resources , including water pumps , water purifiers and life vests , she said , and two U.S. helicopters are helping the Thai military determine the extent of the flooding . The floods , caused by monsoon rains that saturated rivers , have killed 373 people nationwide and affected more than 9.5 million people , Are you there ? Share photos , video but stay safe The government has called the flooding the worst to afflict the nation in half a century and said it might take more than a month before the waters recede from some areas . The government has set up more than 1,700 shelters nationwide , and more than 113,000 people have taken refuge in them . Overall damage from the floods could exceed $ 6 billion , the Thai Finance Ministry said . CNN 's Sara Sidner and Kocha Olarn reported from Bangkok and Moni Basu reported from Atlanta . Aliza Kassim and Elizabeth Yuan contributed to this report .	NEW : Tourists urged to steer clear of Bangkok Many other tourist spots , such as Phuket , remain dry and open for business The outer suburbs are already flooded , but the central city has largely been spared The Thai floods have killed 373 people and affected more than 9.5 million
CNN  -- Natalie Wood was terrified of the water . As an 11-year-old shooting "  The Green Promise , " she was thrown off a bridge during a storm scene and nearly drowned . The incident scarred her for life . Thirty-two years later , Wood died after falling into the ocean off Catalina Island in California . Wood 's life is full of such curiosities . She was that rare child performer to make the transition to adult movie star , but her rise to success was marked by troubled relationships . She had beauty and talent , but she suffered from alcohol abuse and once tried to commit suicide . And then there 's her death , coming just as she was restarting her movie career . Wood , who died in 1981 , is back in the news after police reopened the case involving her drowning at age 43 . Police : Robert Wagner not a suspect in new probe of Natalie Wood 's death The story surrounding Wood 's death has long been one of Hollywood 's great mysteries . She was making a motion picture comeback in a highly touted science-fiction film , "  Brainstorm , " and was on her yacht with her husband , Robert Wagner , and her co-star , Christopher Walken . Aspects of Wood 's life have only heightened the speculation . How could someone so young , with a good marriage and revitalized career , die just like that ? Captain describes Wood cover-up story Wood had been a top star for decades , both a box office draw and Oscar-nominated actress . Among her films were some of the biggest and most influential of the 1950s and '60s , including "  Rebel Without a Cause , " "  West Side Story " and "  Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice . " "  It was as if she had movie star stamped on her birth certificate , " Wagner once said . Indeed , she seemed fated for stardom from the beginning . Wood was born Natalia Nikolaevna Zakharenko , daughter of Russian immigrants , in San Francisco in 1938 . The family later changed their last name to Gurdin . At age 4 , she had a bit part in 1943 's "  Happy Land " after a production company spotted her in nearby Santa Rosa . Her mother , intent on her daughter making it in the movie business , moved the family to Los Angeles , and young Natalia , renamed Natalie Wood by the studio , soon earned a role in the 1946 Orson Welles film "  Tomorrow Is Forever . " Welles was impressed with the scene-stealing youngster . "  She 's terrifying ! " he 's said to have described her .  Wood 's sister , Lana , also did well , later playing Plenty O'Toole in the James Bond film "  Diamonds Are Forever . " From the late '40s until the mid - '50s , she was one of the most active child performers in the movie business , appearing in such films as 1947 's "  The Ghost and Mrs. Muir " and 1950 's "  Never a Dull Moment . " But for several years she was best known as the Santa Claus-believing child in 1947 's "  Miracle on 34th Street , " opposite Maureen O'Hara and Edmund Gwenn . She later looked back at her childhood years with pain and a little fury . "  I spent practically all my time in the company of adults . I was very withdrawn , very shy , I did what I was told and I tried not to disappoint anybody . I knew I had a duty to perform , and I was trained to follow orders , " she once said . Her relationship with her mother was often bitter . Glamour to spare It was n't until the groundbreaking "  Rebel Without a Cause "  1955  , also starring James Dean and Sal Mineo , that she broke through into mature roles . The film featured Wood as the girlfriend of Dean 's angst-ridden Jim Stark in the role that made Dean a generational symbol . Wood was nominated for a best supporting actress Oscar for her performance . But it was two 1961 films , the film version of the Broadway smash "  West Side Story " and the romantic tragedy "  Splendor in the Grass , " that made her a top-tier movie star . In "  West Side Story , " a version of "  Romeo and Juliet " set among New York 's gang culture , Wood played Maria , the ill-fated heroine . Though her singing voice was dubbed , her performance earned her good reviews in what became one of the most lauded movies of all time . "  Splendor in the Grass " was no slouch , either ; for her performance opposite Warren Beatty , Wood picked up an Oscar nomination for best actress . The press paid attention . Wood had glamour to spare ; she was often touted , along with Elizabeth Taylor and Sophia Loren , as one of the most beautiful actresses in Hollywood . She also had a photogenic marriage to the hunky Wagner , whom she had married in 1957 when she was 18 and he was 27 . The marriage was one of the most celebrated of its time . "  We drove a Corvette across the country . Radio stations would announce we had just passed through , and people would wait for us in every little town , " Wood told People magazine in 1976 . But that marriage to Wagner did n't last ; the pair divorced in 1962 . She married her second husband , agent Richard Gregson , in 1969 . The two had a daughter , Natasha . There were some dark moments -- Wood attempted suicide in 1966 -- but on the whole she gained confidence as an actress in the '60s .  Hardcore psychoanalysis -- she went almost daily for several years -- did n't hurt .  She was named "  Star of the Year " by theater owners in 1963 and appeared in a series of popular films , including "  Gypsy "  1962  , "  Sex and the Single Girl "  1963  and "  The Great Race "  1965  . Though she turned down some challenging roles , including one in "  Bonnie and Clyde , " she bounced back with the wife-swapping comedy "  Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice "  1969  , for which she earned a reputed $ 3 million  thanks to shrewdly taking a cut of the profits  . However , except for a handful of roles , "  Bob & Carol " also marked the end of a chapter in Wood 's film career . She divorced Gregson in 1972 and , having reconciled with Wagner , remarried him later that year . She told People that she had few qualms about putting her career on the back burner . "  If a woman decides to get married and have children , other parts of her life are just going to have to be put aside , " she said . By many accounts , she and Wagner had a stronger marriage the second time around . They had a daughter , Courtney , and stood out as one of Hollywood 's power couples . Wood stayed busy with the occasional TV movie . Troubled production , mysterious end "  Brainstorm " earned coverage not only for Wood 's casting -- it was just her third theatrical movie since "  Bob & Carol " -- but also for its technological trappings . The director , Douglas Trumbull , was renowned for his special-effects work on "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " and "  Close Encounters of the Third Kind , " and the movie was being shot in a special format . But "  Brainstorm " was plagued by production troubles , and rumors started circulating about Wood and Walken 's relationship , as TCM.com notes in its writeup of the film . Wagner , who visited the North Carolina set during a break from his TV series "  Hart to Hart , " had suspicions . "  The bell was n't exactly clanging , but I was aware that I did n't have her full attention , " he wrote in his 2008 memoir . "  She was more involved with the movie than she was with her family , and the thought occurred to me that Natalie was being emotionally unfaithful . " Filming continued in Hollywood , and during the Thanksgiving holiday , Wagner and Wood invited Walken to relax on their boat , Splendour , named for "  Splendor in the Grass . " The rest is lost in the murky water off the California coast on November 29 , 1981 , when Wood died . At her funeral , her pallbearers included Frank Sinatra , Fred Astaire , Laurence Olivier and Gregory Peck . The aftermath affected lives well away from the boat . The studio wanted to shut down filming ; Trumbull had to find other financing to complete the movie . Upon its 1983 release , "  Brainstorm " was a box office dud , and Trumbull never directed another film . Dr. Thomas Noguchi , the Los Angeles County coroner , was demoted in 1982 after an investigation by the county board of supervisors over issues with his job , including publicity-seeking after the deaths of celebrities . Wagner mourned Wood 's death for years before marrying Jill St. John , one of Wood 's closest friends , in 1990 . Though her image has faded in comparison with some of her contemporaries , such as Taylor or Dean , she 's still looked up to by young actresses . Vanessa Hudgens , the "  High School Musical " star , calls Wood her "  idol . " Wood herself was blunt about her impact . "  Let 's face it , acting is not important . Einstein is important . Jonas Salk is important . I know they 're not going to send my latest movie up in a time capsule , " she once said . What she desired , apparently , was more out of life . Some time before her death she gave an interview and was asked if she was satisfied . After all , she had two children , a terrific husband , fame , money and beauty . What more could she want ? She did n't hesitate : "  I want yesterday . "	Natalie Wood was major movie star , considered one of world 's most beautiful and talented Films include "  Rebel Without a Cause , " "  West Side Story , " "  Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice " Wood drowned in 1981 ; case was recently reopened
CNN  -- Two Finns and one Austrian believed to have been kidnapped by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula last December in Yemen have been released , the Finnish government said . The three had been abducted in Sanaa , Yemen , in December , the Finnish foreign ministry said . The Finns , identified as Leila and Atte Kaleva , and the Austrian , Dominik Neubauer , were freed and were safe in Austria . "  In view of the circumstances , they are in good condition , " the foreign ministry said . "  The long deprivation of liberty , however , is a traumatic experience both for those abducted and for their loved ones . " The governments of Finland and Austria worked together to achieve the captives ' release . Details of the kidnappings were "  murky , but it looks like they were kidnapped by AQAP militants under the protection of tribes , " a Middle Eastern diplomat told CNN . The diplomat spoke of condition of anonymity because they are not authorized to speak to the media .	3 people kidnapped in Yemen in December are freed They were believed to have been kidnapped by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula Two of the freed captives are Finnish , and one Austrian
CNN  -- Egypt 's democratically elected parliament met Monday for the first time since President Hosni Mubarak was ousted last year . But even with Mubarak out of power and facing criminal charges , Egypt still has a long way to go . The protests started exactly one year ago , on January 25 . Many Egyptians say they are frustrated with the pace of change . There have even been violent clashes between protesters and the military , which has led the country since Mubarak resigned February 11 .  Thousands gather in Cairo on anniversary CNN 's Ben Wedeman recently spoke to some prominent Egyptians about the country 's "  unfinished revolution " and why there is still unrest . Here is some of what they had to say : Mohamed ElBaradei , former presidential candidate and Nobel Peace laureate The army was welcomed as a savior , as the national army that stood by the people . As you remember , there were roses that were thrown over the tanks , that sort of thing . But then we started the whole mismanagement . The army got this hot potato on their lap . They did n't expect it to happen . They have zero experience managing the country politically , and they started to make one mistake after the other . ... Everybody after the revolution thought their salary would be tripled in three days . I mean , obviously , this was expected , but the army was very rough-handed in dealing with people . The army  got into a sort of irrational way of going through the transition : Going through a parliamentary election before you have a constitution . Giving new political parties three months to organize and be able to compete with the Muslim Brotherhood , who have been on the ground for 80 years . Having all the weird laws about redistricting , about establishing new parties . It led to the country being decimated . Add to that 60 years of oppression , and it was like a pressure cooker , and all of a sudden the lid went up . There was a lot of vapor coming out . How to manage to get that into meaningful energy is still a question for us today . People were not used to democracy . People did not know how to be able to agree to disagree , did n't know how to work together . All of this is the result of years and years of repression . Gigi Ibrahim , prominent human rights activist We did n't even believe we would get to Tahrir Square , let alone this would be a revolution . One person actually said , "  So if we get to Tahrir Square , then what ? " And the answer was , "  We 'll figure it out when we get there . " Nobody imagined that this many people would go there ; nobody imagined that this many people would show up . We were used to the same 20 to 50 people that showed up to every single protest , and they were mostly your friends and fellow activists . But January 25 was different . ... What made me realize that this was unstoppable was I looked behind me sometime , and I could not see the end of the march , like I could n't see where the march ended . All I saw , whether I looked to my left or right or to the back , was a sea of people . I knew then there was no way of stopping this . "  What are they going to do ? They can fire at us , but we are just so many this day . " ... Being a revolutionary myself and being in the street and taking part in these clashes , you know that all these people are fighting for a better Egypt . They do n't have hidden agendas . They do n't get finance from abroad . They are simply fighting for their rights , they 're fighting for a better living , and they 're not going to stop , because we sacrificed so much . We sacrificed so much to reach where we are right now . There is no way of going back . Hisham Qasim , newspaper publisher and human rights activist You have now people on the street say , "  I thought this revolution was for me , but I 've been jobless for the last three months . " ... Now there is a lot of frustration , and people are beginning to wonder whether things went wrong and whether they should have stayed under the Mubarak regime that was at least providing stability . ... There were too many expectations . Raising the expectations was probably the biggest mistake , and media probably have a great part to do with that . ... Media presented this as a revolution as opposed to an uprising . ... It put a lot of high hopes on the caretaker Cabinet . And eventually , as nothing was happening , the frustration level increased , and we began to see more and more protests , more and more violence and less and less faith in the future . So while the military has made serious mistakes , we should not have expected more . ... A lot were critical of  the ruling military 's  slow pace , that it will take roughly 16 months , 18 months before we do the transition . I do n't think it was possible in anything less than that . Tunisia was a much faster pace , but Tunisia is 10 million people . We are 80 million people . ... Over the next five years , when you start to built the instruments of good governance , a parliament , a judiciary , and establish civilian rule , the military will have to give up their privileges . It has to be slow . We need to avoid a collision course with them . ... If we go for reform too quickly or we get into a collision course with the military , remember Mauritania ? Remember Sudan ? They did have a free election , both countries , and yet they relapsed into military rule . Nour Nour , activist who was 20 years old at the time of the revolution Very few people actually saw a full-scale revolution taking place that soon . I always knew it was coming . I did n't know it was going to come that soon . I was depending on the privileged upper-middle class members of the Egyptian society to hit the streets for the first time ... because I knew , sadly , there is a lot of classism in our culture , and no big change would come about in our society until those who were more privileged went to fight for those who were less fortunate . ... On the 11th of February , I felt that the hard bit was over , although I knew there was a lot of work to be done . The element of oppression , of being oppressed by the regime , I thought that was over . But over the last year , I realized not only was I mistaken , but there have been more attempts to oppress the Egyptian youth over the last year than during the 30 years of the Mubarak regime . ... I had been demonstrating for many years under the Mubarak regime , which is why it is ironic that the most times I 've ever been beaten , the most times I 've ever felt the threat of danger , was after Mubarak stepped down . And all of these are very basic indications that the regime that is ruling us at the moment is merely a continuation of the Mubarak regime , that its main intent or goal is to protect themselves from the revolution , not to protect the revolution . Ehsan Yahia , assistant lecturer at Cairo University I did n't expect it to be this way . I did n't expect that it would be this big . Me and all my colleagues and friends , we were not aiming at bringing Mubarak down . We were just aiming at more social justice . We were aiming at reforming the police . So we did n't think that people would do that much support , but they did . ... I can tell you , I want peace . I do n't want more protests . But if I did n't find any other way , I did n't find any other way . I am part of this country , and I 've been asking for my rights in a peaceful way . But I did n't get it , and I did n't even get an explanation . And I have found violence . The army , the Supreme Council , we were thinking it was protecting us in the beginning of the revolution , Now it is violating our rights . We had some hope . Maybe we were naive . It 's our first revolution ! We have no experience .	Hosni Mubarak is no longer in power , but protests continue in Egypt CNN 's Ben Wedeman talked to prominent Egyptians to find out why the country is still in turmoil ElBaradei : The military has zero experience in managing the country politically Newspaper publisher : Building a democracy takes time ; we must be patient
CNN  -- My mother and stepfather both held full-time jobs and it was n't unusual for them to work overtime . Sometimes days would go by when I would n't see my stepfather because he was working a double shift on consecutive days . And yet , despite all their hard work , my family struggled to make ends meet . Sometimes I would have to hurry home to get my homework done before nightfall and an unpaid electric bill put the house in the dark . We depended on the cinder blocks of cheese , powdered milk and canned meats encased in saturated fat that the government distributed . School clothes shopping typically began and ended at Goodwill . None of this was unusual in my neighborhood on the east side of Detroit , so I did n't know then what I know now . We were poor . My friends were poor . My cousins who lived nearby were poor . Most everyone I encountered on my block was poor . True , a few of them were lazy and leaned too heavily on the welfare system , while others turned to crime to survive . The first time I was mugged I was in elementary school . And yes , by saying "  the first time , " I am also saying it was not the only time . But most adults were like my folks . They were sacrificing , hardworking people who wanted one thing : a better life . Better for themselves , better for their children . My story is very similar to that of my partner , whose mother worked hard to feed him and his sister , and that meant peanut butter and jelly sandwiches everyday . Our stories are similar to that of Starbucks president Howard Schultz who grew up in the projects in Brooklyn and whose father never made more than $ 20,000 a year , or to that of William Jefferson Clinton , who started off as a poor kid from Arkansas and 46 years later was in the White House . It is because of all of this that when I think of what it means to be poor in this country , I do n't see a bunch of parasites looking for tax-subsidized handouts . I see hardworking people who could use a helping hand . I see my mother , who to this day shops at the Goodwill , even though her children can now buy her clothes whenever she wants . None of us is rich , but we are the fruit of her years of nonstop labor and inherited the work ethic we saw all around us . And if you scan through the biographies of some of this nation 's greatest success stories across every conceivable demographic , you will find people with humble beginnings like mine . Perhaps you yourself came from little . But more important , some people start from humble beginnings and die that way , which is no indication of how hard they did or did n't work , or how good or bad a person they were . As we begin the painful work of tightening the belt of a nation that has gotten fat on credit , it is important that we do n't forget : Those stories are the reason we are such a great nation . The middle class does n't comprise a bunch of affluent people who fell on hard times , but is made up of children and grandchildren of poor people who busted their ass to pull their families up . Newt Gingrich and others say the work ethic is absent in neighborhoods like the one I grew up in . That 's just wrong . Gingrich and his like have their collective noses too high up in the air to see this country is n't great in spite of the poor . It is great because of the poor . I 'm not saying that the richest country in the world should celebrate millions of her children going to bed hungry each night . But it should celebrate that so many of these children make it out of poverty and reach back to help those behind . They remember what it is like to be hungry . To be cold . To only be recognized for what they do n't have , if they are recognized at all . I was walking along the boardwalk in Santa Monica , California , this past weekend enjoying the view of the ocean , while pretending I did n't see the homeless people lying on the beach . How ironic to be in southern California to attend "  CNN Heroes " and too afraid to look another human being in the eye . Growing up , I did n't do that . Now that I have a little money in my pocket to make donations and the luxury of time so I can volunteer , I rationalize that I am doing my part . And in a way , maybe I am . But that should not excuse me , excuse us from having enough decency to simply look another person in the eye . Or to remember there are faces behind the issues of unemployment benefits and Medicare . To remember with 14 million people looking for work , compassion is our greatest weapon against despair . When you hear politicians talk about deficits , it 's all about finances . But culturally we seem to be in an deficit of empathy as well . We have equated the American Dream with being rich , and now that resources are scarce , the rhetoric has a "  kill or be killed " tone to it . When I was growing up in Detroit , it never occurred to me to equate a person 's net worth with his or her worth as a person , or look at it as a snapshot of a value system . No one around me did . That 's because we saw so many people working hard for a better life . With that as your backdrop , it is hard to see poor as a four-letter word . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson did n't know it growing up , but his family and neighborhood were poor Granderson 's neighborhood 's work ethic was strong and his parents worked long , hard hours Granderson : This country is great because of poor who worked hard and helped others Gingrich says work ethic is absent in poor neighborhoods , he writes , but that 's just wrong
CNN  -- One of the Dallas Cowboys ' major donors is a named plaintiff in a class action lawsuit , seeking more than $ 5 million , over unavailability of seats at Super Bowl XLV , according to documents filed Monday at a U.S. District Court in Texas . The Cowboys , along with team owner Jerry Jones , the National Football League and corporate entities were named as defendants in the suit , along with corporate entities that manage Cowboys Stadium , where the Green Bay Packers defeated the Pittsburgh Steelers 31-25 Sunday . About 1,250 fans with tickets were affected in the seating fiasco , which came about because certain sections of Cowboys Stadium that were being added in an effort to boost attendance were n't ready by game time . About 850 of the fans were relocated to other seats , and some 400 were n't , the NFL said . Mike Dolabi of Tarrant County , Texas , who is one of the "  Founders " of Texas Stadium who paid a minimum $ 100,000 per seat to help pay for the state-of-the-art venue 's construction , was one of the named plaintiffs in the class action . Dolabi and others had been assigned to "  seats with obstructed views and temporary metal fold-out chairs " that "  lacked any reasonable view of the stadium 's prized ` video board , ' which defendant Jones and the Cowboys routinely claim is one of the most unique and best features of Cowboys Stadium , " the lawsuit says . The lawsuit also notes that the Cowboys and the NFL knew that a problem with seating was unfolding in the days before the Super Bowl but did not notify ticket-holders that there might be a problem . Jones and NFL President Roger Goodell on Monday both apologized to fans affected by the seat shortage . Also , the league promised to give a free ticket to next year 's Super Bowl and a refund of triple the cost of the $ 800 face value of the ticket to each of the 400 fans denied seats -- or a free ticket to a future Super Bowl game of the fan 's choice , plus round-trip airfare and hotel accommodations . Fans can pick the option they want . Not good enough , the plaintiffs say : "  T  his monetary sum is wholly insufficient to compensate plaintiffs for all of their expenses , including but not limited to travel costs , or of their disappointment and frustration in not being able to properly enjoy the Super Bowl . "	Class action is filed on behalf of Super Bowl fans who showed up to find they had no seats One of the named plaintiffs is one of the Dallas Cowboys ' top-paying seat owners Suit claims information about problems in finishing construction was concealed Plaintiffs say NFL 's offers of triple refund , future tickets , travel and hotels are insufficient
Financial Times  -- Barclays will take the axe to its controversial tax structuring unit , as the UK lender seeks to clean up its image in the wake of a succession of scandals . The business , which at its peak may have generated as much as three-quarters of profits at Barclays ' investment banking operation , will be shrunk dramatically as part of the bank 's Project Transform under new chief executive , Antony Jenkins . Barclays ' actions comes as global banks from Goldman Sachs to Deutsche Bank are reviewing their business models in response to new regulations and government enforcement efforts . "  We have to take a fresh look to see if there are products and services in which ... we no longer deem it appropriate to do business , regardless of financial return , " Rich Ricci , Barclays investment banking chief , said in an address to investors on Monday night . "  For example , elements of our tax advisory business have generated negative media and political attention . " Mr Ricci also signalled a likely withdrawal from selling derivatives products to consumers and small business customers , following an industry-wide scandal over the mis-selling of interest rate hedging contracts to SMEs . Mr Jenkins reaffirmed Barclays ' commitment to its investment bank more broadly , silencing predictions he would significantly reduce its size . But the new chief executive , formerly head of the group 's retail banking operation , was clear that ethical behaviour would become a priority in future . All activities would in future be "  screened for reputational impact " as well as profitability , Mr Jenkins said . "  Our ability to build a franchise over time depends on our reputation , " he added , admitting the bank had made some "  serious mistakes " in recent years . This summer Barclays was fined # 290m by global regulators over the attempted rigging of Libor benchmark borrowing rates , triggering the abrupt resignation of chairman Marcus Agius and chief executive Bob Diamond . The tax business -- known as the "  structured capital markets " unit -- has attracted unwelcome attention for at least three years . Though legal , the avoidance strategies it used on behalf of its clients were politically controversial . Barclays ' own group tax affairs were thrown into the spotlight twice in recent months , first over the use of a tax loophole that the Treasury retrospectively closed , then over a "  tax equalisation " payment to Mr Diamond of about # 6m . Speaking to analysts and investors , Mr Jenkins also repeated an earlier promise to report back on his strategic plan -- including details of which businesses would be shrunk -- by the first quarter of next year . But he added : "  You should not expect me to announce the break-up of the bank or an exit from whole business lines . " Barclays ' board last month drafted in City grandee Sir David Walker as the bank 's new chairman and elevated Mr Jenkins to chief executive three weeks later , in an effort to stabilise the group following Mr Agius and Mr Diamond 's resignations . There had been a widespread expectation that Mr Jenkins would shift Barclays ' focus away from investment banking , which has traditionally generated two-thirds to three-quarters of group profits . However , bankers believe more of the rebalancing will come from the projected revival of the group 's corporate banking unit and its troubled retail banking operations outside the UK . In a question-and-answer session with analysts , Mr Jenkins would not be drawn on the extent of any change of direction , but he did talk about the group being more "  balanced " with "  lower risk " . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Barclays will take the axe to its controversial tax structuring unit UK lender seeks to clean up its image in the wake of a succession of scandals Comes as global banks from Goldman Sachs to Deutsche Bank are reviewing their business Barclays CEO : All activities would in future be "  screened for reputational impact "
CNN  -- Mexico 's foreign ministry has accused a U.S. Border Patrol agent of fatally shooting a Mexican citizen along the border . The shooting occurred Monday after agents in the area of Laredo , Texas , "  were subjected to rocks being thrown at them from the Mexican side of the Rio Grande River , " the patrol 's Laredo sector said Thursday . "  A weapon was discharged by Border Patrol . All appropriate authorities were notified and the shooting is under investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation , " the statement said . The U.S. statement did not specify whether a death occurred . Mexico 's foreign ministry said a Mexican national died after being shot by a U.S. agent between Laredo and Nuevo Laredo , Mexico . The ministry did not release details about the circumstances surrounding the Monday violence . "  The Mexican government has repeatedly expressed that the disproportionate use of lethal force in the exercising of immigration control functions is unacceptable under any circumstance , " the foreign ministry said Wednesday , calling for a thorough investigation . The Mexican foreign ministry released a similar statement in July , after it said that a U.S. Border Patrol agent had killed a Mexican citizen near the bridge between Matamoros , Mexico , and Brownsville , Texas . At the time , a U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesman said two agents fired shots during "  dangerous encounters " along the border . CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Border Patrol says rocks were thrown at its agents Mexico 's foreign ministry criticizes "  disproportionate use of lethal force " The FBI is investigating
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Howling winds ripped through Turkey 's largest city Wednesday afternoon , tearing flags from their poles , destroying the set of a blockbuster Hollywood film , and injuring at least 31 people , Turkish authorities said . Three of the injured were in critical condition from the freak storm caused by a strong southwesterly wind known in Turkey as lodos . The winds -- measured at 100 kph or 62 miles per hour -- ripped the roofs from some 350 buildings , the Istanbul municipality reported , and downed more than 100 trees . Fishing boats rushed to the rescue of desperate passengers aboard a yacht that caught fire in the Bosporus , the strait that divides the densely populated city . As the wind quickly whipped up flames emerging from the back of the boat into a huge blaze , nervous passengers dressed in business suits clustered around the bow of the vessel . The Turkish television agency DHA filmed the passengers getting onto fishing boats as the fire engulfed the rest of the yacht . Turkish media said the passengers escaped the dramatic blaze unharmed . In Istanbul 's posh Nisantasi neighborhood , the gusts ripped down an advertising billboard and sent construction scaffolding crashing down onto the pavement and parked cars . The storm also wreaked havoc on the set of the aptly named James Bond film "  Skyfall . " Turkish media have been reporting daily on the film 's production , which is occupying Eminonu , one of Istanbul 's most congested and historic wharf districts . CNN sister network CNN Turk showed video of film and set equipment in Eminonu 's main square scattered and damaged by the storm .	The storm wreaks havoc on a James Bond film set Roofs are ripped off and trees are felled The lodos is a strong southwesterly wind
CNN  -- The alleged victim in a 1977 sexual assault case against director Roman Polanski has filed court papers seeking dismissal of the charges against him . Oscar-winning director Roman Polanski has lived in exile in France since fleeing the United States in 1978 . The woman 's declaration seeking dismissal was filed Monday in Los Angeles , California , in connection with Polanski 's efforts to have the 31-year-old case dismissed . Polanski , 75 , has lived in exile in France since fleeing the United States in 1978 after pleading guilty to unlawful sexual intercourse . Polanski admitted to having sex with a 13-year-old girl , and an arrest warrant against him remains in effect . In her declaration , Samantha Geimer said , "  I am no longer a 13-year-old child . I have dealt with the difficulties of being a victim , have surmounted and surpassed them with one exception . "  Every time this case is brought to the attention of the Court , great focus is made of me , my family , my mother and others . That attention is not pleasant to experience and is not worth maintaining over some irrelevant legal nicety , the continuation of the case . " Geimer , who has spoken publicly about the case before , including a 2003 appearance on CNN 's "  Larry King Live , " added , "  I have survived , indeed prevailed , against whatever harm Mr. Polanski may have caused me as a child . " She chided the district attorney 's office for not dismissing the case earlier and for "  yet once again  giving  great publicity to the lurid details of those events , for all to read again . True as they may be , the continued publication of those details cause harm to me ... I have become a victim of the actions of the District Attorney . " The Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office had no immediate response to Geimer 's declaration . Lawyers for the Oscar-winning film director filed a motion for dismissal of the sex offense case against him in December , citing what the defense called "  extraordinary new evidence " of "  repeated , unlawful and unethical misconduct " by the Los Angeles district attorney 's office and the judge in Polanski 's case . The December motion also argued that Polanski should not be required to return to the United States to appear in court for the dismissal motion to be considered . In her declaration , Geimer said if Polanski can not appear in court , she will do so to seek dismissal . "  My position is absolutely clear , " she said . Polanski 's motion for dismissal is scheduled for a hearing on January 21 . Polanski , a native of Poland , won the Academy Award in 2003 for his Holocaust drama , "  The Pianist . " Among his other films from earlier in his career are "  Rosemary 's Baby " and "  Chinatown . " His first wife , actress Sharon Tate , was murdered by the Charles Manson family in 1969 .	Motion filed to dismiss a 31-year-old sex offense case against Roman Polanski Polanski pleaded guilty to unlawful sexual intercourse with a 13-year-old girl in 1978 Director lives in exile in France after fleeing the United States
Arizona Sheriff Joseph Arpaio and his attorneys Thursday condemned a U.S. Justice Department civil rights investigation as politically motivated and a "  witch hunt . " That response came after the U.S. Justice Department laid out a stark , detailed list of alleged systematic discrimination against Latinos by Arpaio , who is known internationally as "  America 's toughest sheriff " for his hard-line stance against lawbreakers and undocumented migrants . In alleging the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office committed federal and constitutional violations , a 22-page Justice Department letter described "  a pervasive culture of discriminatory bias against Latinos at MCSO that reaches the highest levels of the agency . " Arpaio responded by telling reporters he had "  an idea of the politics involved in law enforcement " after 28 years of working with the U.S. Justice Department as a law enforcement official in Mexico , South America , Texas and Arizona . Arpaio is a former agent for the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration . He pointed out how President Barack Obama opposed Arizona 's controversial anti-immigration law now before the U.S. Supreme Court and how the president mentioned Arpaio as the person pushing the law , the sheriff said . "  By the way , I do n't want to say it 's all politics , but everyone I 'm talking about happens to be Democrats , " said Arpaio , a Republican . Arpaio added : "  Do n't come to use me as a whipping boy for a national , international problem . " The Justice Department letter said detention officers in Arpaio 's jail invoked offensive slurs and profanities against Hispanics , calling them "  wetbacks , " "  Mexican bitches , " and "  stupid Mexicans . " "  Sheriff Arpaio 's own actions have helped nurture MCSO 's culture of bias , " said the letter , written to the Maricopa County attorney . For example , the sheriff apparently endorsed one constituent 's letter asking for a "  round-up " at one Phoenix street corner of "  dark-skin  ned  " people : Arpaio told a member of his command staff in a note to "  h  ave someone handle this , " the Justice Department said . Arpaio disputed the Justice Department accusation that systematic civil right violations against Latinos has created "  a wall of distrust " in the Arizona county . "  I do n't know if it 's a wall of distrust , " Arpaio said , adding he holds a lot of community support . "  I have compassion ... I 've worked in Mexico City working with the president . I could go on and on , " Arpaio said . "  But I will tell you one thing : enforcing the law overrides my compassion . I took an oath of office and I 'm enforcing the state and federal law . "  I will continue to enforce all the laws , " he added . Jack MacIntyre , Arpaio 's deputy chief , described the Justice Department 's allegations as "  a sneak attack by the federal government on the citizens of Arizona . " Arapaio and his attorneys declined to comment on the specific allegations , but lawyer John Masterson said : "  I think it was a foregone conclusion of what they 're going to find , and they ended up finding it . "  People have an intention to go out on a witch hunt , and that 's what they come up with , " Masterson added . Arpaio pledged to continue working with the Justice Department in its ongoing investigation . During a press conference earlier Thursday to discuss the Justice Department letter , Assistant Attorney General Thomas E. Perez told reporters , "  We are also reviewing allegations that MCSO has failed to investigate a large number of sex crimes . " The sheriff 's office has acknowledged to federal authorities that 432 cases of sexual assault and child molestation were not properly investigated over a three-year period ending in 2007 , and many of the victims apparently were Latinos , the Justice Department said . Last week , Arpaio responded to local media accounts regarding the allegedly mishandled sex crime investigations by telling CNN affiliate KNXV : "  If there were any victims out there , I apologize , if there were any . " The federal findings also alleged discriminatory policing practices by Arpaio 's officers including "  unlawful stops , detentions and arrests of Latinos , " according to a Justice Department statement . It also noted that the sheriff 's office has discriminated against "  Latino inmates with limited English by punishing them and denying critical services . " It further blamed the office for allowing "  specialized units to engage in unconstitutional practices " and for a lack of oversight and deputy training . Perez said the office 's "  systematic disregard for basic constitutional protections has created a wall of distrust between the sheriff 's office and large segments of the community . " On his government website , Arpaio refers to his renowned nickname and his tough law-and-order posture , which has garnered him international attention : "  You probably know him as ` America 's Toughest Sheriff , ' a name given to him years ago by the media . It 's a name he certainly has earned as head of the nation 's third largest Sheriff 's Office which employs over 3400 people . But even before he became Sheriff in 1993 , Joe Arpaio was one tough lawman , " his biography states . But federal authorities offered a different portrait Thursday . "  In short , MCSO is broken in a number of critical respects , " Perez said . "  The problems are deeply rooted in  Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office  culture , and are compounded by  its  penchant for retaliation against individuals who speak out , " added Perez , who said authorities were also looking at allegations of excessive force and a deliberate failure to provide law enforcement services in select communities . The initial federal inquiry began in June 2008 and reviewed tens of thousands of pages of documents and more than 400 interviews , including current and former inmates as well as office personnel . Authorities notified the sheriff 's office of a formal investigation a year later , a statement said . Perez told reporters Thursday that the sheriff 's office initially failed to cooperate with investigators , prompting federal authorities to take the "  virtually unprecedented step " of filing a lawsuit in 2010 . He noted the investigation had uncovered startling levels of racial profiling against Latino drivers , ranging between four and nine times higher than against non-Latino motorists . Perez added that an independent reviewer involved in the probe described it as "  the most egregious racial profiling in the United States " he had ever seen . "  It is clear to me that this community is divided and it is time to heal . It is time to bring the community together around the shared vision of a department that is effective in reducing crime , respects the rule of law and enjoys the confidence of everyone , " Perez told reporters . Arpaio has long been considered a hard-liner on illegal immigration in a state known for its tough 2010 law on the issue . He 's also a well-known and controversial personality , running for his sixth term as sheriff .	NEW : Sheriff Joe Arpaio suggests Justice Department probe is politically motivated Justice Department letter details slurs and profanities used against Hispanics Feds probe how sheriff 's office handled 432 cases of sexual assault and child molestation Assistant attorney general say sheriff 's office failed to cooperate in the probe
Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein aggressively defended her decision to release a controversial Senate torture report Tuesday , despite assertions from the CIA that interrogation techniques detailed in the report were effective in thwarting attack plans , capturing terrorists and saving American lives . In a testy interview with CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on "  The Situation Room , " Feinstein said she was n't going to get into whether CIA Director John Brennan was lying about the torture techniques ' effectiveness , but that "  there 's a big difference of opinion . " "  If Mr. Brennan is making an argument that this kind of torture works , we can submit all kinds of experts to say it does n't work , " Feinstein said . "  And we submit the record to say the record shows it did not work . " The report , which details the CIA 's extreme interrogation techniques used on terrorists after the September 11th attacks , was released by Feinstein 's committee despite a last-minute pleas from Secretary of State John Kerry and members of Congress not to release the information to the public at this time . Many opponents of the report 's release argued that the timing of the release could prompt global attacks on Americans -- skepticism later exemplified with the FBI issuing a terror alert bulletin . Asked if she would feel guilty if American lives were lost as a result of the report , Feinstein said , "  I would feel very badly , of course . I mean what do you think ? " But Feinstein argued , "  There 's no perfect time to release this report . " "  It 's possible that something happens even without this , " Feinstein said . "  There have been beheadings . There have been attacks without this report coming out . This does n't mean that we should n't clean our house . " The California Democrat also acknowledged that the timing of the release is important for political reasons . Should the Republicans take control of the White House , Feinstein argued , "  There 's some evidence " that the report would "  never see the light of day . " Feinstein says she and her committee stand by a 14-1 vote taken in 2006 to release the report 's executive summary once it was completed . She also said that she believes that the release of the report , which took five-and-a-half years , "  will meet the test of time . "	Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein defended her decision to release the torture report CIA 's tactics deserved to be made public , she argued Feinstein said she "  would feel very badly " if American lives were lost as a result of the report 's release
CNN  -- Eight children were found in the Florida home of their slain parents , who apparently were the victims of a home invasion , police confirmed to CNN Friday . Byrd and Melanie Billings are seen surrounded by their children . The couple were found shot Thursday night in their Beulah home , said Escambia County Police spokesman Sgt. Ted Roy . One of the parents was shot in the head , he said . Beulah is about 17 miles northwest of Pensacola . The victims were identified as Byrd and Melanie Billings by Jeff Martin , director of the District Medical Examiner 's Office . Autopsies have not been completed , he said . The Billings have 16 children ; 12 of them adopted , some of whom have special needs , the Pensacola News Journal reported . Nancy Markham , a relative of the family , told CNN affiliate WEAR-TV that her son was inside the Billings ' home when the shootings occurred . "  He said that Bud and Melanie had , both of them had been murdered , " Markham said . Three men dressed in black were seen on surveillance video approaching the property in a late 1970s or early 1980s red van about 7 p.m. , authorities say . Emergency personnel and police went to the home Thursday after receiving a call just before 8 p.m. about shots being fired , Roy said . An employee of the couple found their bodies , he said . When police arrived , they discovered the children also in the house , Roy said . The children , who ranged in age from infant to about 11 years old , were unharmed , he said . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	Eight children found in home with slain parents , authorities say Byrd and Melanie Billings had adopted 12 children Parents were found shot to death in their Florida home , near Pensacola Surveillance video shows three men in a red van entering property before deaths
CNN  -- Actress Lena Dunham canceled several appearances to promote her new book after a self-described "  rage spiral " over allegations that she molested her sister as a child . The allegations stem from passages in Dunham 's collection of personal essays , "  Not That Kind of Girl , " in which she describes sexually experimenting with her younger sister as a child . In one essay , she describes bribing her sister with three pieces of candy to kiss her on the lips for five seconds . She also describes probing her 1-year-old sister 's vagina when she was 7 out of curiosity over how it compared to hers . "  One day , as I sat in our driveway in Long island playing blocks and buckets , my curiosity got the better of me . Grace was sitting up , babbling and smiling , and I leaned down between her legs and carefully spread open her vagina , " she writes in the book . Kevin D. Williamson -- known for taking hard-right positions that stir controversy -- seized upon the passages in a column for conservative publication National Review . Specifically , he accused Dunham 's parents of enabling "  disturbing behavior that would be considered child abuse in many jurisdictions ... sexual abuse , specifically , of her younger sister , Grace , the sort of thing that gets children taken away from nonmillionaire families without Andover pedigrees and Manhattanite social connections . " Truth Revolt 's Ben Shapiro picked up the torch , calling the book passage "  disturbing . " Dunham , creator and star of the popular HBO show "  Girls , " said she was "  dismayed " over the interpretation of events described in her book . In a statement to Time magazine , she said she does not condone "  any kind of abuse under any circumstances . " "  Childhood sexual abuse is a life-shattering event for so many , and I have been vocal about the rights of survivors . If the situations described in my book have been painful or triggering for people to read , I am sorry , as that was never my intention . " Referring to her sister , she said , "  anything I have written about her has been published with her approval . " Over the weekend , Dunham fired back on Twitter , where she has 1.8 million followers , calling the allegations "  upsetting and disgusting . " Usually , "  this is stuff I can ignore , " she said , " ... but do n't demean sufferers , do n't twist my words , back the f**k up bros. " Dunham then apologized on Twitter for canceling book tour appearances scheduled for this week in Berlin and Antwerp , Belgium . It was not clear Monday whether the cancellations were related to the recent allegations . Messages sent to Random House , Dunham 's publisher , and her publicist were not immediately returned . Truth Revolt claims it received a "  cease and desist " letter threatening legal action if the publication did not remove an article it published last week about Dunham . Dunham 's sister , Grace Dunham , did not respond to requests for comment . Amid growing controversy Monday , however , she tweeted , "  2day , like every other day , is a good day to think about how we police the sexualities of young women , queer , and trans people . " .	NEW : Lena Dunham apologizes , says she is "  dismayed " by reaction to book Dunham describes looking at sister 's vagina in her new memoir , "  Not That Kind of Girl " National Review correspondent characterizes the behavior as "  sexual abuse "
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VICE  -- March 11 marks the one-year anniversary of the largest Japanese catastrophe since World War II . The unforgettable triple disaster was triggered by the 9.0-magnitude Great East Japan earthquake , resulting in a devastating tsunami and subsequent nuclear meltdown at the Fukushima Daiichi power plant , the effects of which are still being felt today . Three months after the earthquake , we set out for Tokyo with Grammy Award-winning singer , songwriter and producer Pharrell Williams , who has a strong affinity for Japanese culture and has been strongly involved in Japan 's music and fashion scenes for the last decade . We wanted to see how the young population of this iconic city was coping with the aftermath and ongoing elements of the crisis . What was most memorable in the capital was a darkened Shibuya Crosswalk , arguably the most famous crosswalk in the world , and a symbol of Tokyo the same way Times Square is to New York or Piccadilly Circus to London . To see it with all the lights and advertisements and video screens turned off was profoundly unsettling , and immediately recalled the eerie quiet of lower Manhattan in the weeks after September 11 . The rolling blackouts and voluntary power outages to conserve energy added to an atmosphere of nervous desolation already fostered by the flight of foreigners to their home countries and native Japanese further south , as worried Tokyo residents tried to come to terms with the scope of the disaster and fear of the very air around them . At the same time , the city kept going . The spirit of post-3 / 11 Japan and the resilience and stoicism of its citizens has drawn comparisons to the reaction of New Yorkers and DC residents in the wake of the 9/11 attacks , but it is also a testament to the more celebrated aspects of Japan 's national character . The Japanese people live in one of the most volatile regions in the world . The country 's islands are situated on the westernmost edge of the Ring of Fire and are regularly subjected to earthquakes , storms , and floods . The threat of calamity and exposure to the violence of nature is part of the daily fabric of Japanese life . Disaster is ingrained in the national psyche and has been an object of consistent cultural fixation -- it 's in their art , movies , and literature , and has been for centuries . See the rest of Tokyo Rising at VICE.com What was exciting to witness amid the organized efforts at recovery and general collective response , was how the events of March 11 have spurred Japanese youth to an interrogation of traditional society . For the first time in years , the national government and media are under widespread scrutiny , leading many citizens -- especially those in their 20s and 30s -- to turn inward and rely on each other for information via social media like Twitter , blogs , Mixi and Facebook . A noticeable shift has taken hold of Tokyo 's creative class -- young Japanese seem suddenly possessed of a social and political consciousness at odds with their generation 's portrayal as detached , passive and apathetic . There 's a fire in the hearts of the young creatives we spoke with and new questions that are just starting to be asked out loud . Through art , creativity , entrepreneurship or protest , Tokyo 's youth have begun asserting an active and individualistic will that runs counter to much of traditional Japanese thinking . Undeniably , Japan is at a crossroads . Many of the old systems that governed the accepted Japanese "  life path " had already lost their clout long before March 11 -- assumptions like lifetime employment , job security , financial security started coming into question with the economic downturn of the previous decade . This is the story of the youth of Tokyo beginning to peer over the wall of the established structures to look for the other possibilities their society has to offer . And in the process , redefine their Japanese identity and what it means to be young and creative in Japan today .	VICE looks at how young people in Japan are coping one year after the tsunami Pharrell Williams , who has deep interest in Japan 's music and fashion scenes , leads the way Crew finds a breakout social media scene that 's at odds with traditional Japanese ways
CNN  -- "  Borderlands 2 " weaves together a rich , deep storyline with its "  shoot everything " mentality to produce an adventure that will immerse you for many , many hours . The game opens back on Pandora , a planet with a Wild West mentality and penchant for outlaw justice . It begins five years after the ending of "  Borderlands " and the opening of the Vault , a location of rumored riches that actually contained a huge alien beast with massive jaws and multiple tentacles . This time , Pandora is under the control of a man named Handsome Jack , who is mining the planet for a valuable resource in order to open yet another Vault . It 's not hard to figure out Jack is the villain -- you begin the game left for dead after being attacked by his henchmen . One of the main things "  Borderlands " may have lacked , "  Borderlands 2 " has in spades -- a great narrative with interesting characters . The writing team at Gearbox Software really delved deep into each character , making them unique and giving them purpose . Players can connect with them and that sense of immersion raises the level of "  Borderlands 2 " from just a simple shooter to something more . Dialog from the characters helps cement that attachment , as well as providing some comedic moments . Some of the death screams of enemies are almost "  Monty Python-esque " and the humor helps take the edge off all the dying and suffering that goes on around you . Banter between characters is laugh-out-loud funny . Serious soldiers have lighthearted moments and comedic foils are portrayed in serious moments . The range is what you 'd expect from real people , not typical one-dimensional game characters . Even Handsome Jack , bad guy though he may be , evolves and changes throughout the game . Starting out as a sarcastic , taunting , self-centered jerk , he changes and starts to exhibit other , more caring emotions . But as with most people , you find out what he 's really all about in the end . You really are going to hate this guy . The story progresses through a mission/quest based system . There is the main quest  beat Jack , save the day  , but there are numerous side missions that help raise your experience while helping you understand what 's going on with Pandora . Interaction with other characters is a must . Take your time through the missions . See everything there is to see . Talk to anyone you can . It makes the game more enjoyable and you 'll discover even more missions . Finishing the game will take hours , so there 's no rush to get to the story 's climax . "  Borderlands 2 , " like its predecessor , is all about the loot -- specifically weapons . There are hundreds of different weapon configurations to be found or bought . Do you keep a pistol because it does acid damage or opt for the shotgun with more power ? The choices can be exhausting , but can really be tailored to fit your style of play . There are boxes containing loot at nearly every turn . Unless you are in open terrain , it 's hard not to find one of these boxes around . Players will get overwhelmed by the amount of treasure they find and will , at times , have to leave some behind because they ca n't carry it all . You 'll sell off a lot , but end up spending that money on more ammo or better shields . And nearly every enemy you kill will drop something . Makes you wonder where that spider-ant is hiding that sniper rifle , but hey , he obviously does n't need it anymore . Oh , and outhouses scattered throughout Pandora are real treasure chests . I guess people did n't notice they were dropping their weapons as they were taking care of business . The customization extends from the armory into the player characters themselves . There are four characters to choose from . More of an assassin ? Zero is your guy . Axton is a commando soldier while Salvador is a "  gunzerker "  think crazy guy with two guns  . Maya is a Siren , with telepathic/mystical powers . Each playthrough will be unique depending on which skills you choose . Characters can also be visually customized . Change your character 's head or clothes and you can still stand out in a crowd of Zeros . Graphically , the game looks and plays like "  Borderlands . " Controls are basically the same with only a few changes . Environments are noticeably different , though , looking sharper and more vibrant than before . There are also barrels full of acid , electricity , explosives and the like on battlefields , so make use of them to take care of large groups of enemies . For a game as large and deep as "  Borderlands 2 , " there were only a few visual glitches .  Helicopter pilots would remain in mid-air after their choppers were blown to bits . Creatures would get blown into solid rock faces from grenades , not allowing them to be killed but still allowing them to fire at you . Want to up the challenge ? Add up to three friends and the enemies  and loot  ramp up appropriately . Choose between up to four-player online co-op or  if you want to have your partner next to you  two-player split screen co-op . The game will also support two split-screen co-ops if that 's how you want to roll . It really works best when four people play different classes because each complements the other with their particular skills . Having four assassins would be a bit silly . "  Borderlands 2 " took what was fun from "  Borderlands " and added interesting characters with a range of emotions , and a deep , telling storyline worth following . You 'll laugh , you 'll get angry and you are likely to grip your controller a bit tighter as the tension mounts . All those accolades "  Borderlands 2 " has received are deserved and well-earned . If you liked "  Borderlands , " you are going to love "  Borderlands 2 . " "  Borderlands 2 " is available now for PCs , Xbox 360 and Playstation 3 .	` Borderlands 2 ' improves on original with better story , characters Game picks up five years after original on a Wild West planet Choices of character , weapon can change how game plays Moments of humor soften the carnage
Jose Mourinho bemoaned the "  worst season of my career " after seeing his Real Madrid side slip to a 2-1 extra time defeat to capital rivals Atletico in the final of the Copa del Rey . Mourinho , who is widely tipped to return to take charge of English Premier League Chelsea , made his feelings clear to the media after seeing his last chance of silverware this season slip away . In the last few weeks , Real have lost in the semifinals of the Champions League to Borussia Dortmund and seen arch-rivals Barcelona clinch the Spanish La Liga title . A season which started with such promise after beating Barca to win the Spanish Super Cup has petered out and left the "  Special One " frustrated . "  This is the worst season of my career with a title that is not sufficient to satisfy Real Madrid and therefore it is a bad season . "  With a final , a semifinal , second place in the league and the Supercup , what for many would be a good season , for me is the worst . " Pressed on his likely move to Chelsea , Mourinho refused to be drawn . "  I have a contract for three more years and I have still not sat down with the president to talk about my future , " he said . "  I have to be honest . Until the day that the president sits down with me and the club does something official it has to be like this . " If the match in the Santiago Bernabeu Friday night is to prove Mourinho 's swansong at Real , it did n't go as planned . It was n't the best of nights for his talisman Cristiano Ronaldo , either , as he saw red in the dying minutes . Mourinho was ordered to leave the touchline by the referee for protesting a decision late in the second half as Atletico won their first Copa del Rey in 17 years . The scrappy contest that featured more than a dozen yellow cards and two reds was settled by Miranda 's header in the eighth minute of extra time on a night when it seemed Atletico , which had n't beaten their city rivals since 1999 , were destined to lift the trophy . After Ronaldo opened the scoring in the 14th minute with a typically impressive header , Diego Costa leveled on a counter attack in the 35th after superb work by striking partner Radamel Falcao . Real Madrid struck the post three times prior to the game entering extra time and Atletico keeper Thibaut Courtois made two stunning saves to preserve the victory and help end his team 's three-match losing streak in Copa finals . The affair turned ugly in the dying minutes , with Ronaldo given a straight red card for kicking out at Gabi and players from both benches having to be separated . Courtois fell to the ground when struck by an item thrown from the stands at Real 's home stadium . Mourinho believed his team should have lifted the cup and had been plain unlucky . "  The result is 1-1 and it is not normal to hit the post three times , " he said . "  You do n't have to be a magician of football to think that the result is not fair , that Atletico are not the deserved winners of the final . "  The refereeing is forgotten , the shots off the post are forgotten , all that remains is that the winner is Atletico . " Winning manager Diego Simeone was simply delighted while acknowledging their fortune . "  It was an incredible game . We had the luck you need to have to be champions , " he told gathered reporters .	Atletico Madrid beat Real Madrid in extra time for first Copa del Rey title in 17 years Cristiano Ronaldo scores Real 's opener but was later shown a red card Jose Mourinho was sent to the stands after protesting a refereeing decision Mourinho says defeat caps ` worst season of my career '
CNN  -- "  Glee " will likely end its run after season 6 â $ " the final year in the drama 's current deal on Fox . "  I would not anticipate it goes beyond two more seasons , " Fox entertainment chairman Kevin Reilly told reporters on Thursday . "  Never say never , but there 's two very clear -LSB- story -RSB- arcs to get to that end and conclude . If we discover a new crop of kids and there 's some breakout we like ... -LSB- but -RSB- right now , we 're thinking two seasons . " Reilly also said the drama will address Cory Monteith 's death in the third episode , during which Fox will air public service announcements about substance abuse . The fifth season premiere of Glee is set for Thursday , Sept. 26 , a week later than originally scheduled . Monteith , 31 , was found found dead July 13 of an overdose . Lea Michele and Kevin McHale share memories of Cory Monteith Drugs , however , will not be the cause of death for Finn  Monteith  . Reilly could not say how show creator Ryan Murphy will deal with the character 's passing since the script has yet to be completed . The PSAs will address drug abuse and how it 's short-sighted to assume addicts only look or behave in certain ways . Glee ' family gathers to remember Cory Monteith "  When you see some people struggle with addiction , they are easily put in a category . ` He was dark , she was always a partier , ' " Reilly said at the Television Critics Tour in Los Angeles . "  Cory was a big open life force . He was not a problem , he looked straight as an arrow . He was open about his addiction in the past , just not as open about it in the present . Everybody was shocked , but this was an accident . It happened to someone struggling with addiction . " Reilly also said proceeds from the music sold from the episode will go to Monteith 's family . See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Cory Monteith 's death will be written into "  Glee " The show will air PSAs about drug abuse "  Glee " will likely end its run after season 6
CNN  -- Switzerland 's Lara Gut made history on Saturday when she became the youngest-ever winner of a women 's World Cup race when claiming victory in the super-G at St Moritz . Gut holds the Swiss flag aloft after becoming the youngest skier to win a women 's World Cup race . Cheered on by the local supporters , the 17-year-old finished ahead of compatriot Fabienne Suter with Italy 's Nadia Fanchini -- the winner of the opening super-G in Lake Louise , Canada , finishing third . Gut gave a clear indication of her immense talent on Friday when finishing fifth in the super-combined and she produced a near flawless run of 57.38 seconds to finish well clear of her rivals . Suter , who finished third on Friday , moved up one place on the podium with a time 00.63 secs behind Gut . World Cup leader Lindsay Vonn failed to finish on a piste that had been considerably shortened to deal with poor visibility caused by falling snow . American Vonn , the defending overall champion , was one of many racers caught out by a bump in a fast section after a sharp right-hand turn . Vonn said Gut 's maiden win was not a surprise . "  She has been skiing well all season so far , " said the 24-year-old . "  She has got a lot to learn still , but on a day like today , going first , it was a perfect chance for her . She definitely executed and seized the opportunity . " Gut added : "  I was really nervous as I was n't used to being the leader , but gradually I began to realise that in fact I had skied really well especially when I saw that Nadia and Fabienne were behind me . "	Swiss Lara Gut makes history by winniing the women 's Super-G at St Moritz The victory makes Gut , 17 , the youngest-ever woman to win a World Cup race Fellow-Swiss Fabienne Suter finished second with Italy 's Nadia Fanchini third
CNN  Roger Federer completed his 999th career victory Saturday as he outclassed Grigor Dimitrov in the semifinals of the Brisbane International . The stylish Swiss took just 53 minutes to win in straight sets 6-2 6-2 and ease into Sunday 's final with Milos Raonic . The big-serving Canadian defeated Kei Nishikori 7-6 6-7 7-6 in the day 's other semi-final . If Federer triumphs Sunday , he will chalk up his 83rd career title and become only the third man to record 1,000 ATP Tour wins after Ivan Lendl and Jimmy Connors . "  I was able to play straightforward tennis ... just really aggressive , " said Federer in comments carried by the ATP Tour website . "  Against a really good player , it 's a great result . " Federer hinted that the quickfire nature of the victory could give him the edge against Raonic Sunday . "  I 'm  happy I did n't waste much energy like this , " he said . "  I 'm fresh for the finals . I 've probably got a slight advantage over Milos in that regard . " Referring to the 1,000 victory milestone on court immediately after the match , Federer added that it will be a proud moment when it happens . "  I hope it 's going to happen in Australia , lets put it that way , " he said . "  Either tomorrow or next week at the Aussie Open , " which begins in Melbourne on January 19 . "  It would be unbelievable to get a 1,000 th win the finals , especially here in Brisbane . " "  I 've enjoyed myself so much here in the last couple of years . I 'll try hard , I 'll give everything . " Meanwhile , in the women 's final late Saturday , Maria Sharapova scored a thrilling three-set victory over Ana Ivanovic of Serbia to claim the 34th title of her career . Sharapova won 6-7 6-3 6-3 after a tense match lasting over two and a half hours on the Pat Rafter Arena . Top seed Sharapova had to come from a set behind to see off the determined challenge of former world number one Ivanovic . Two breaks of service in the deciding set settled the match in the Russian 's favor as she prepares for the Australian Open in Melbourne .	Roger Federer is one match shy of his 1,000 th career victory Swiss outclasses Grigor Dimitrov in Brisbane International semifinal Federer faces Milos Raonic in Sunday 's final Maria Sharapova wins women 's title in Brisbane
CNN  -- I know I 'm supposed to be outraged by the Rolling Stone cover that depicts Dzhokhar Tsarnaev as a dreamy young man , with its implicit resonances with the famous Jim Morrison photo . When taken with the words that overlay it , the photo presents a mystery that we need to explore . So , I am not outraged . In fact , I am discouraged by the outrage itself . I feel obligated to begin by stating that I have no sympathy for a murderer of children , that I was horrified by such actions , and that I feel deeply for the Boston bombing 's victims . I live in Boston and have written about the sense of solidarity Bostonians felt after the attack , and especially on the day we sat still so that suspects could be tracked and caught . I rooted for Tsarenaev 's capture , and I hope the alleged killer spends a long time miserable in jail , after a fair trial , of course . But the very fact that we have to gain entry to the conversation by stating our bona fides like this disturbs me . Culture is based on shared values and beliefs . Having to state that you 're against the killing and maiming of families and the loved ones they were cheering on creates a rift where there is n't one , as if this value were not a settled part of what binds our culture . Could we even come up with a stance that more quickly and surely means that you 're not a part of the lives we share together ? The Rolling Stone cover correctly assumes that there is no such rift . It assumes that of course we all hate what the Tsarnaev and his older brother , the late Tamerlan Tsarnaev , are accused of doing  Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has pleaded not guilty to federal charges in connection with bombings  . The words on that cover state what many of us -- the "  us " that covers our culture -- believe : He was a bomber . There is n't even an "  alleged " there , and the premise of the article stated on the cover also denies that qualifier : "  How a popular , promising student was failed by his family , fell into radical Islam and became a monster . " In case you were unclear about where Rolling Stone stands on Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , the words "  bomber " and "  monster " should make it clear . But you should n't be unclear . That 's why we have a culture -- a shared set of values and beliefs . The words are not causing the outrage that the photo has engendered . But when taken with the words , the angelic photo makes exactly the point that needs to be made and that our Culture of Outrage obscures . When a terrorist was raised in a foreign land , and especially when to the mainstream the terrorist looks foreign and repellent -- for example , the photo of an unkempt , grim Khalid Sheikh Mohammed that has become so iconic that it 's even used at Wikipedia , a site that takes a "  neutral point of view " as its mantra -- we feel safe in simply assigning the person to a category . "  He 's a terrorist , " we say , as if that were a biological species that completely explains the person . Such categories shut down thought . They block understanding . Terrorist ? ` Nuf said . But it 's not enough . Understanding is important not only so that we can help prevent the sort of despicable Boston Marathon bombers and the KSMs of our fractured world , but also so we can see our human species -- and thus ourselves -- more clearly . The cover photo of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev taken with the stark words overlaying it speak to the mystery that was laid bare when the brothers were first identified . The media turned to his friends , interviewing young men and women who were profoundly shocked that someone they knew as helpful , warm , and open to diversity could be accused of so deeply betraying their values . I felt like I knew many of those friends , for they were so like our children and the children they know . That was the mystery that was presented to us when the Tsarnaevs were identified not only as murder suspects , but as a threat to the humane innocence that is the heart of American culture . We need that mystery explored . To counter our natural desire to think that those who attack us so vilely must be totally unlike us , we need not only the words denouncing them , but images that reminds us that they were n't born as what they became . This juxtaposition makes the mystery manifest : Someone like us became someone who hates us . We need to explore that mystery not so we can sympathize with a despicable accused murderer but so we understand better how he passed beyond sympathy . The cover of Rolling Stone -- words and picture -- puts that awful mystery right in front of us . But we seem to prefer the security of outrage . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Weinberger .	David Weinberger says he 's not outraged about the Rolling Stone cover He asks , why must we prove bombings upset us before we can discuss not minding cover ? He says cover assumes that we all agree bombings were an act of a monster Weinberger : Cover confronts the mystery of someone like us who came to hate us
CNN  -- Pirates have hijacked a tanker that sailed under a Saudi flag , authorities said Wednesday . The pirates struck in the Gulf of Aden , a body of water between Somalia and Yemen , the European Union Naval Force said in a statement . The Al Nisr Al Saudi was en route to Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , with a crew of 14 , when pirates hijacked it Monday , the statement said . The ship 's master is Greek ; the crew 's nationality has not been confirmed , but they are believed to be well , the statement said . Authorities believe the ship is near Garacad , Somalia , which the European Union Naval Force described as a "  well-known pirate stronghold . "	Vessel hijacked in Gulf of Aden on Monday The Al Nisr Al Saudi was headed to Saudi Arabia Ship being held near Garacad , Somalia
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Serious Fraud Office and London police are investigating an alleged $ 81 million  # 56 million  fraud on the corporate banking department of Allied Irish Banks  AIB  . Allied Irish Banks has allegedly been the subject of a $ 81 million fraud . The SFO said it had searched a business and two residential addresses in London and believed AIB was not the only financial institution deceived by the suspects . It said that between 2003 and 2007 AIB , Ireland 's largest bank by market value , loaned money for the purchase of UK investment properties to companies controlled by an individual who was now the main suspect . The SFO said the main suspect operated with the assistance of others . However , in 2008 AIB identified problems with one element of its security interests over the investment properties . "  Following an internal review it became apparent that the guarantees of certain lease payments on these properties by an investment grade counterparty  a blue chip property company  were fraudulent , " the SFO said . AIB referred the matter to the authorities and also took control of and sold the relevant properties , which resulted in a write down of the outstanding loan balances by # 56m , the SFO said . The office said the alleged fraud involved the borrowing companies creating "  overriding " leases . "  These leases were generally for longer periods and at higher rents than the existing occupational tenants ' leases . "  The apparent existence of these additional leases increased the values of the properties , with lease payments being a direct obligation of the investment grade counterparty , " the SFO said . AIB is considering legal action over the $ 81 million loss .	British authorities probing alleged $ 81 million fraud involving Irish bank They say more firms are likely to have been deceived by scam It involved manipulation of leases on properties in the UK
CNN  -- An awful lot of companies have tried to figure out how to make consumers want to stream Internet video in the living room . One of the few to have succeeded is Roku , whose cheap little boxes offer easy access to 1,200 channels of content , from biggies such as Netflix , Amazon and HBO Go to stuff you never knew existed . The company has sold 8 million boxes , which have been used to watch 1.7 billion hours of video to date . At this year 's CES show in Las Vegas , Roku 's big news is that it 's going to be possible to watch those 1,200 channels without even paying for and hooking up that cheap little box . It 's going to work with TV companies to build Roku TVs . Roku will design the entire interface , as well as the super-simple remote control ; essentially , it 'll be as if a Roku box sprouted a gigantic screen . This is , by the way , Roku 's second pass at partnering up with TV builders : The first is the Roku Streaming Stick , a tiny doohickey designed to be bundled with TVs . The first two TV makers Roku is working with are two Chinese companies : TCL and Hisens . Considering their low profiles in the U.S , that does n't sound like a big whoop , but the two Chinese manufacturers are the third and fifth largest TV producers globally , according to Roku . And both see built-in Roku as a way to raise their profile in the U.S. market . Anthony Wood , Roku 's founder and CEO , told me that TCL and Hisense are just the start . Designing Internet TV software and services and signing up content partners is such a major undertaking that he sees Roku TV as an appealing proposition for every TV producer except Samsung . "  Our goal is to be the platform for TV , " he says . These first two companies plan to ship Roku TVs in a variety of sizes from 32 inches to 55 inches this fall . Pricing will be announced later , but "  we think that smart TV features should be in every TV for essentially the same price , " Wood told me . "  I 'm sure there will be some small premium at the beginning . "	Roku will work with TV manufacturers to build Roku TV sets They plan to ship TVs in a variety of sizes from 32 inches to 55 inches this fall Roku is best known for its set-top box that lets users stream up to 1,200 channels
Atlanta  CNN  -- A woman charged with sending threatening packages to two lawmakers , including a U.S. representative , was killed Sunday after she tried to attack a police officer at her home near Atlanta , police and the lawmakers said Monday . Jameela Barnette , 53 , was armed with a knife and handgun when a police officer knocked on her door on Christmas morning as he responded to reports of an alarm inside , Cobb County Police said . She opened the door and started assaulting the officer with the weapons , police said . The officer shot her , and Barnette died at the scene . Barnette was the same woman who sent threatening packages earlier this year to U.S. Rep. Peter King of New York and New York State Sen. Greg Ball , their offices said Monday . Barnette was indicted in U.S. District Court in Atlanta in October on two counts of sending threatening packages . She pleaded not guilty in November and was released on $ 20,000 bond , according to court records . Earlier this month , the court also ordered Barnette to undergo a mental evaluation . The package sent to Ball contained a hoax weapon of mass destruction , said Ball spokeswoman Brittany Oat . The indictment said it contained threatening messages and a vial of an unknown liquid , labeled "  Zyklon B , " which Barnette indicated was a biological agent or toxin . The vial of liquid was in fact perfume oil , according to CNN affiliate WXXA-TV in Albany , the New York state capital , which spoke to Barnette in April . The package also contained a toy monkey wearing the Star of David , as shown in photos released by Ball 's office . Barnette told WXXA-TV she was a grandmother and a Muslim upset with Ball for holding hearings earlier this year on New York City 's vulnerability to terrorism . "  He keeps messing with Muslims , " Barnette told the station in April . "  Muslims have not been harassing anyone . " Barnette said she was not a threat and did not want people to think she was a dangerous person for sending the package . A representative for Barnette could not be reached Monday . Also in April , Barnette sent a bloody severed pig 's foot and note to King 's office on Capitol Hill , King said Monday . The package never reached King or his staffers because all mail to the U.S. Capitol is screened . The note was laced with anti-Semitic rants , including statements such as "  evil Jews will return this hoof to Palestine , " a congressional source familiar with the situation said at the time . King is not Jewish . "  The woman , who called me a ` Muslim basher , ' wrote ` kiss my black Muslim ass , ' " King said in a statement Monday . "  I believe this was all a result of the blind and false hysteria stirred up by opponents of the radicalization hearings I convened in March , " King said . The officer who fired on Barnette on Sunday was treated for his injury and released at the scene , and is now on administrative leave pending investigation , according to the police department in suburbuan Atlanta . CNN 's Ashley Corum , Carol Cratty , Sara Pratley , and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	The woman , Jameela Barnette , was killed as she tried to attack an officer , police said She had been charged with sending threatening packages to two lawmakers Both packages contained threatening letters and one contained a hoax WMD U.S. Rep. Peter King and New York State Sen. Greg Ball received the packages
Aasta , Norway  CNN  -- Three rapid blasts echoed across the Norwegian countryside on Tuesday as police detonated explosives found at a farm owned by the suspect in last week 's bloodbath in Oslo and the island of Utoya . Anders Behring Breivik is accused of killing 76 people in the Friday attacks , most of them at a summer camp run by Norway 's ruling Labour Party on Utoya . Police carried out a controlled explosion at his farm in Aasta , about 100 kilometers  63 miles  north of Oslo , once some of the material was taken away as evidence , police spokeswoman Laila Sondrol told CNN . The detonation was carried out alongside a riverbank on the property , leaving a plume of grey smoke hanging over the farm after the explosion . Sondrol said investigators are continuing to search for other explosives at the farm . Another police spokeswoman , Trine Dyngeland , would confirm neither the type or quantity of the material detonated Tuesday , nor when it was found . Earlier , Breivik 's lawyer told reporters his client was "  a little bit surprised " that he was able to pull off the bombing and shooting rampage , for which authorities say he has claimed responsibility . The attorney , Geir Lippestad , said Breivik was surprised that his plan "  succeeded -- succeeded in his mind . " Lippestad said Breivik did n't expect to reach Utoya , where he is accused of shooting 68 people dead . Another eight died in a bombing outside government offices in Oslo earlier that day . Breivik used drugs before the attacks that were designed to keep him strong and awake , Lippestad said . While he said it was too early to say whether Breivik will plead insanity , Lippestad added , "  This whole case indicates that he 's insane . " Lippestad said it was "  very difficult " to describe Breivik 's manner -- "  he is not like anyone . " Norwegian police released the first few names of victims of the attacks Tuesday afternoon . Three of the four -- Tove Ashill Knutsen , 56 ; Hanna Orvik Endresen , 61 ; and Kai Hauge , 32 -- were killed in the Oslo bombing , while 23-year-old Gunnar Linaker died on Utoya . Police said they would post an update at 6 p.m. every day until all the victims have been identified . Their families will be notified first . During a closed court hearing Monday , the 32-year-old suspect said the attacks were necessary to prevent the "  colonization " of Norway by Muslims , the presiding judge , Kim Heger , said . Breivik accused the Labour Party of "  treason " for promoting multiculturalism , Heger said . Lippestad said Breivik had told him he was in touch with two terror cells in Norway and in contact with other cells abroad , but that he acted alone in carrying out the attack on Utoya and the Oslo bombing . "  He says there are several cells around the Western world -- where , I do not know , " Lippestad said . Breivik is cooperating with police inquiries , "  but he wo n't talk about the other cells , " he said . His client considers himself to be "  in a war , " Lippestad said . The police declined to say how many people are still missing , saying the number was still subject to change . They have said in the past that they were searching for four or five people . Forensic scientists are still searching Utoya for clues , and the island will remain closed to the public for at least two weeks , Norwegian Police Chief Sveinung Sponheim said . Other countries are involved in the Norwegian investigation into last week 's attacks , police said in response to a question about Breivik 's claim to have been in contact with terror cells abroad . They declined to name the other countries , saying , "  The investigation is in Norway . " They also declined to say where Breivik is being held . Prosecutors are considering charging Breivik with crimes against humanity , according to police . He is facing terror-related charges that carry a maximum 21-year sentence . Geert Wilders , a Dutch politician whose Freedom Party is referenced in a manifesto apparently written by Breivik , condemned the suspect 's alleged actions Tuesday . Wilders said he was not "  responsible for a lone idiot who twisted the freedom-loving anti-Islamization ideals " of his party . Meanwhile , U.S. President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden visited the Norwegian ambassador 's residence in Washington Tuesday to "  offer condolences to the people of Norway after the tragic killings that occurred last week , " according to a White House statement . Earlier , Breivik 's father said his son should have killed himself instead of allegedly going on the killing spree . "  In my darkest moments , I think that rather than killing all those people , he should have taken his own life , " Jens Breivik said in an interview with Norway 's TV2 . He said he also believes his son has mental issues . "  He must be . He must be , " the father said in response to a reporter 's question about whether he thought his son was mentally ill . "  There is no other way to explain it . A normal person would never do such a thing . " Jens Breivik had a message for all the victims during his interview . "  I would like to say that I feel an incredible grief and despair over what has happened . I often think of how terrible it must be for those who are affected by this . I wish I could do something for them , but here I am , powerless to do anything , " he said . Lippestad said Breivik does not know what his father said . He said he does not know if any of Breivik 's family members have asked to see him . Jens Breivik , who was interviewed at his home in France , said he would not be visiting his son as the legal process continues . "  No . I will never have more contact with him , " he told TV2 . The suspect 's father was one of many people searching for answers Tuesday after the mass killings that terrorized Norway last week . At a news conference Tuesday , hotelier Petter Stordalen pledged to give 5 million kroner  $ 923,000  to rebuild Utoya Island . He promised it would be "  a new Utoya , a Utoya for everyone . It 's been a summer camp for the Labour Party , now it 's to be an island for everyone . " Eskil Peterson , a leader of the Labour Party 's youth movement , the AUF , said the party had first been shocked and now was mourning those killed . That sorrow will intensify when police release the identities of all those killed , he said . "  When we see those names , it will be heartbreaking for everybody , " he said . According to Heger , Breivik said he worked with two cells to launch the attacks , the deadliest onslaught in Norway since World War II . Police refused to comment on the claim , but a police official said Breivik appeared to be "  very calm " during his hearing . Almost 200,000 people participated in a memorial Monday in downtown Oslo to honor the victims , authorities said . Breivik hates democracy and all who believe in it , his lawyer said Tuesday . He added that his client felt the rest of the world did n't understand his point of view but that they would in 60 years ' time . He is undergoing a medical examination , Lippestad told reporters . Breivik is now "  very tired " because of his circumstances , he said , but he was not injured when he was taken into police custody . Marit Andersen said she knew Breivik in high school and described him as an entertainer who had friends and was quite successful in school . Andersen said she later saw Breivik 's views change . "  Later , it became more extreme , and I remember after we all got on Facebook , I became friends with him there , " Andersen said . "  He had some rather outrageous statements there . I had commented on something he said . ... I said you ca n't say stuff like that . It 's unacceptable . " Breivik appears to have written a 1,500-page manifesto that rants against Muslims and lays out meticulous plans to prepare for the attacks . In it , the author vilifies Stoltenberg and the Labour Party , accusing it of perpetuating "  cultural Marxist/multiculturalist ideals " and indoctrinating youths with those ideals . The author accuses the Labour Party of embracing those ideals and allowing the "  Islamification of Europe . " CNN has not independently confirmed that Breivik is the author of the manifesto , which bears his name and says it is intended to be circulated among sympathizers . The writer rails against Muslims and their growing presence in Europe , and calls for a European civil war to overthrow governments , end multiculturalism and execute "  cultural Marxists . " It contains photographs of Breivik wearing what appears to be a military uniform that features an altered U.S. Marine Corps dress jacket with medals of the Knights Templar -- an order of Christian Crusaders who helped fight against Muslim rule of the Holy Land in the Middle Ages , but which was shut down 700 years ago . Breivik asked to wear a uniform to the court hearing but was not allowed to , Heger said . The judge said he ordered Breivik held in isolation for the next four weeks to ensure he has no opportunity to tamper with evidence , Heger said . The suspect has access to his lawyer but to no one else , and not to letters or news , court officials said . According to the Norwegian newspaper VG , which cited unidentified sources , Breivik told investigators during interviews that he belonged to a revived Knights Templar . He described the organization as an armed Christian order , fighting to rid the West of Islamic suppression , the newspaper said . CNN 's Jonathan Wald , Nic Robertson , Antonia Mortensen , Laura Perez Maestro , Michael Holmes , Jennifer Deaton , Erin McLaughlin and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Police detonate explosives at the massacre suspect 's farm "  This whole case indicates that he 's insane , " the suspect 's lawyer says Obama offers condolences to Norway 's ambassador in Washington Police are talking to other countries as they examine Breivik 's claims of terror cells
CNN  -- As Justin Rose emerged onto the 18th fairway and saw his ball just yards from the spot where Ben Hogan fired his famous one iron to the green in 1950 , he knew it was his moment to seize the U.S. Open crown . The 32-year-old knew if he could repeat Hogan 's par on the notoriously tricky 18th hole at Merion in Pennsylvania he could end England 's 43-year wait for a champion in America 's national championship . With thoughts of his late father Ken swirling round his mind , Rose struck a near-perfect approach shot and duly completed par . When Phil Mickelson failed to birdie the same hole moments later , Rose had sealed his first major triumph . It meant success at the 37th time of asking for Rose , who became the first Englishman to win a major since Nick Faldo 's Masters success in 1996 . "  I just had to stand up there and be counted , " he told CNN World Sport . "  It was a major , it was my moment , it was stand up and deliver . "  It was a special moment when I walked over the hill and saw my ball sitting right there on the up slope in the middle of the fairway . "  Hogan definitely popped into my mind because I know he hit the green and two-putted to get into a playoff . "  Someone had chirped from the crowd ` Rose , a good iron shot , two putts and its yours . ' And in a sense that was all I was trying to do at that point . " Rose held his nerve at the end of a day that fluctuated wildly , as crowd favorite Phil Mickelson desperately tried to nail down victory in a tournament he had finished runner up in five times . An audacious chip in for eagle from Mickleson at the tenth hole swung the momentum his way but Rose responded immediately , with birdies at the 12th and 13th . And as he negotiated the fiendishly difficult closing stretch of holes in just one-over-par , it left Mickelson needing a birdie on the last to force a playoff . He could n't , which left an emotional Rose with his own special moment on Father 's Day , as he remembered his dad Ken , who lost his battle with cancer in 2002 . "  I 've thought about my dad quite a bit this week , " Rose explained to Living Golf anchor Shane O'Donoghue . "  Saturday I was driving to the course and I looked in the rear view mirror and saw my eyes and that was one thing my dad always knew -- he could tell by the look in my eyes if I was going to play well or not . "  I thought ' I wonder how my dad thinks I 'm going to play today . ' I always knew the U.S. Open finishes on Father 's Day and I 'd been in contention most of the week and I really wanted that moment I could share with him and honor him . "  He sacrificed so much for me and taught me the game . I 've seen Rory  McIlroy  celebrate with his dad , G-Mac  Graeme McDowell  celebrate with his dad . "  I 've always thought that moment must just be so special and for me , today , it was special in my own way . " The new world No. 3 burst onto the scene as an amateur at the 1998 British Open when he finished fourth . But that early promise stalled as he missed 21 cuts in a row after turning professional . He has steadily been working his way towards the summit of the game with notable victories on the PGA Tour and a stellar showing for Europe in the Ryder Cup at Medinah last year . But he revealed it is only recently he has felt his game was equipped to capture one of golf 's major prizes . "  I 've been a pro a long time now -- 14 or 15 years -- but not until recently have I felt truly ready , " he said . "  You try and kid yourself you are ready but this is one of the first majors I 've ever played where I came in knowing if I go about my business I 'm going to be hard to beat . "  It 's just a really nice feeling to have that cleared off the plate now fairly early and it 's a lot of boyhood dreams paying off . "	Justin Rose tells CNN his U.S. Open victory is a boyhood dream come true Rose 's victory poignant on Father 's Day as he remembered his late dad Ken Englishman beat Jason Day and Phil Mickelson into second place at Merion Rose becomes first Englishman to win a major championship in 17 years
Editor 's note : A nationally syndicated columnist , Roland S. Martin is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and "  Speak , Brother ! A Black Man 's View of America . " Visit his Web site for more information . He is hosting "  No Bias , No Bull " at 8 p.m. ET on CNN while Campbell Brown is on maternity leave . Roland Martin says there 's an assumption the word "  qualified " needs to be used for women , minorities . CNN  -- I could n't help but laugh this morning when I saw the headline for a debate on Politico.com : "  Should Obama feel obliged to appoint a qualified woman , African American or Hispanic to the Supreme Court ? If so , why , and on what basis should he choose among these groups ? " Hmmm . A "  qualified " woman , African-American or Hispanic . My first thought ? Hell no ! Give me the most unqualified person to sit on the highest court in the land ! Yeah , right . It 's always amazing when diversity is discussed that people feel the need to use the qualifier "  qualified . " If you think about it , there never seems to be an assumption when white men are being discussed that they are unqualified . Their qualification is simply assumed and is inherent in their whiteness and maleness . Sure , go ahead and say , "  Man , you 're being too sensitive ! " But I do want you to think about this for a second . Why do we as a society feel the need to say it 's important to have "  qualified " women or minorities ? Is n't that assumed ? If President Obama is going to pick a Supreme Court justice , it never has dawned on me that he will grab a list of people who are n't capable of doing the job . The thought never even enters my mind . Part of the issue is that a lot of folks have bought into the notion that any minority has gotten a job based on their skin color or a woman is hired because of her gender , so therefore , we better emphasize the need for a "  qualified " person . You ought to see some of the e-mails I 've gotten from folks who think they are hurting my feelings by saying I 'm a "  quota " or "  affirmative action " hire and took the job of "  a deserving white person . " Oh , yeah , these are a part of the greatest hits in my inbox . A few years ago , I recall a white female news director in Texas who often reveled in her liberal way of thinking . She would go on and on about being a white liberal but would often talk about how hard it was to find "  qualified " minorities for jobs . Then I would look at some of the most incompetent white men and women who worked for her and ask myself , "  I wonder if they passed the qualified test ? " Another time , I challenged a white male recruiter on the term , and he would just say over and over , "  You , know , qualified . " And I kept pressing him on whether he asks the same question of someone white , and he could n't answer the question . Now , I 'm sure the folks who despise affirmative action will quickly say , "  See , if it were n't for affirmative action , no one would even use such terms ! " Yeah , right . In the 17 years I 've been a professional journalist , I 've seen unqualified white men , white women and , yes , minorities hired and promoted , and affirmative action had nothing to do with it . People make hiring decisions based on the flimsiest of reasons , whether it 's what schools they went to  such as assuming everyone from an Ivy League school is the best ; no , some are incompetent  , they know the right people , or they were so "  articulate " that they were given a shot . And yes , I 've seen a host of qualified white men , white women , African-Americans , Hispanics , Asians and Native Americans hired for jobs , and they 've done a fantastic job . It was n't their race or gender that was the key ; they simply had the skills to do the job . It 's simply time that when it comes to women or minorities , we should retire the use of word "  qualified . " Every job , regardless of a group targeted , should be filled with a person with the right talents , smarts and energy to get the job done . Hiring the best should automatically mean they are qualified . Period . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : Why is n't the word "  qualified " used often for white men ? He says "  qualified " is often applied to idea of hiring women , minorities He says every job should be filled with someone who has talent to succeed
CNN  -- Actor and director George Clooney testified before Congress on Wednesday about "  a campaign of murder " under way in Sudan , where villagers run for the hills to hide from bombings on a daily basis . "  What you see is a constant drip of fear , " Clooney said , a day after returning from a trip in which he and a small team of fellow activists managed to enter one of the most devastated areas , the Nuba Mountains in South Kordofan . "  We found children filled with shrapnel , including a 9-year-old boy who had both of his hands blown off , " Clooney told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . Clooney said the attacks are being orchestrated by Sudan 's government , led by President Omar al-Bashir , government official Ahmad Harun and Defense Minister Abdelrahim Mohamed Hussein -- the same three men , he said , who previously orchestrated long-documented attacks in Darfur . "  They 're all charged with war crimes and are now proving themselves to be the greatest war criminals of this century by far , " he said . The Sudanese government has denied accusations in the past that it is engaged in such attacks . This month the International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant for Hussein listing 41 counts of crimes against humanity and war crimes allegedly committed in the Darfur region of Sudan . Al-Bashir and Harun are also facing war crimes charges involving Darfur . Clooney is co-founder of the Satellite Sentinel Project , which uses satellite imagery to watch for aerial attacks and troop movements in Sudan and South Sudan , which became a separate country last year . John Prendergast , who created the group with Clooney , is also co-founder of the anti-genocide Enough Project . Both men traveled to South Sudan last week and worked their way across the border and into South Kordofan . Clooney wrote and directed a video about the trip for the Enough Project . It shows people who have had to flee their villages for caves . "  For the first time since the Stone Age , people are living in caves , " a man identified as a rebel doctor says in the video . "  We left our homes because we were too scared of the attacks by airplanes and rockets , " says a young woman holding a baby . "  Omar al-Bashir is attacking us . " In the video , Clooney describes the violence as an effort "  to clear people out ethnically because of the color of their skin . " "  It is a campaign of murder and fear and displacement and starvation , " he told the Senate committee Wednesday . A U.N. report last year said the Sudanese military "  regularly conducted aerial bombardments in the Nuba Mountains , and in several towns and villages populated by the Nuba  people  " Much of the violence is along ethnic lines and also involves a battle for control of the country 's oil supply , which has shut down in the conflict . U.S. officials at the Senate committee hearing Wednesday said there is a looming humanitarian crisis in the region , particularly in troubled areas , including South Kordofan and the Blue Nile region . Hundreds of thousands of people have been displaced , and many have been cut off from food and basic supplies , said Nancy Lindborg of the U.S. development agency USAID , and the Sudanese government has been blocking aid . For those people in areas of South Kordofan controlled by the opposition Sudanese People 's Liberation Movement-North -- which has battled the Sudanese army -- the outlook is particularly dire , Lindborg said . "  Current predictions are that up to 250,000 people in those areas now face a serious emergency , which is one step short of famine by the end of April if the violence and the restrictions on humanitarian access continues , " she said . "  It is imperative to have immediate humanitarian access to all communities affected by conflict in South Kordofan , " Lindborg said . Southern Kordofan and Blue Nile straddle Sudan and South Sudan 's geographical and political lines . The population in these areas has faced "  exclusion , marginalization and discriminatory practices that have resulted in their opposition to the Sudanese government , " the U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights said last year . Speaking to CNN in advance of his testimony , Clooney said that in recent weeks , the Satellite Sentinel Project -- which he has previously described as "  anti-genocide paparazzi " -- managed to capture images of bombs being dropped on civilians , leaving mass graves . Prendergast told CNN that documenting the atrocities under way in Sudan is critical , as is "  building a constituency of people in the United States who care about these issues and will tell President  Barack  Obama and their members of Congress and senators that it matters to them ... that the United States steps up and takes a leading role in helping to resolve these problems . " Clooney said the efforts are getting support from the White House and Congress . "  We 're meeting in Congress because the House is trying to pass a bill right now that has a very good chance of passing that has some pretty robust sanctions . We 're hoping the Senate will do the same . The truth is , there is a lot of ways to attack this problem . "  One is to do what we did with terrorist groups , which is go after the money , find where the money is . These guys are not buying their weapons with Sudanese pounds . So find their offshore accounts in Malaysia , places like that , and freeze them . "  The other way is to actually work with China , not try to guilt them , but work with them to say , ` Listen , you guys are losing 6 % of your oil import right now from the Sudan because they 've shut off the oil . Let 's work together to find a way to get that oil turned back on by fixing these problems . ' " Speaking to the Senate committee , Clooney pointed out that the Sudan situation is affecting global gas prices . "  What happens in Sudan matters very much to us now economically , " he said .	NEW : 250,000 could be one step short of famine by the end of April , USAID official says NEW : George Clooney points out link to rising gas prices and violence in the region "  We found children filled with shrapnel , " actor testifies Clooney is pushing for congressional action
CNN  -- By the end of the Super Bowl on Sunday night , one or more professional football players will be hailed for their valor , for their guts , for their devotion to their teammates . They will be called heroes . And more than 100 million people will be watching . But because , predictably , those laudatory words will be thrown around so casually on Sunday , perhaps we can take a few minutes here to address an act of genuine valor that happened exactly 70 years ago today . It was n't televised . There were no sponsors . On February 3 , 1943 , an Army transport ship called the Dorchester , carrying American soldiers through the icy North Atlantic on their way to serve in World War II , was about 100 miles off the coast of Greenland in rough sea . More than 900 people were on board . Many of them were little more than boys -- young soldiers and sailors who had never been so far from home . The journey had been arduous already , with the men crammed into claustrophobic , all-but-airless sleeping quarters below deck , constantly ill from the violent lurching of the ship . In the blackness of night , a German submarine fired torpedoes at the Dorchester . One of the torpedoes hit the middle of the ship . There was pandemonium on board . The Dorchester swiftly began to sink . The soldiers and sailors , many of them wakened from sleep by the attack , searched desperately in the dark for life jackets and lifeboats and a route to safety . With them on the ship were four military chaplains , from four disparate religions . They were Father John Washington , born in Newark , New Jersey , who was Catholic ; the Rev. Clark Poling , born in Columbus , Ohio , who was ordained in the Reformed Church in America ; Rabbi Alexander Goode , born in Brooklyn , New York , who was Jewish ; and the Rev. George Fox , born in Lewistown , Pennsylvania , who was Methodist . In the chaos onboard , according to multiple accounts by survivors of the attack , the four men tried to calm the soldiers and sailors and lead them to evacuation points . The chaplains were doing what chaplains do : providing comfort and guidance and hope . "  I could hear men crying , pleading , praying , " a soldier named William B. Bednar would later recall . "  I could also hear the chaplains preaching courage . Their voices were the only thing that kept me going . " With the Dorchester rapidly taking on water , there were not enough life jackets readily available for every man on the ship . So , when the life jackets ran out , the four chaplains removed their own , and handed them to soldiers who did n't have them . More than 600 men died that night in the frigid seas , but some 230 were rescued . And some of the survivors , in official accounts given to the Army , and in interviews after the war , reported what they saw as the ship went down : Those four chaplains , men of different faiths but believing in the same God , their arms linked , standing on the deck together in prayer . They had willingly given up their futures , their lives , to try to help the men who had been placed by the Army in their care . The U.S. Army War College has in its records a narrative of what happened that night . One of the men who survived the sinking of the Dorchester , a Navy officer named John J. Mahoney , is quoted as recalling that before heading for the lifeboats , he hurried in the direction of his quarters . Rabbi Goode , seeing him , asked where he was going . Mahoney said he had forgotten his gloves , and wanted to retrieve them before being dropped into the cold sea . Rabbi Goode said that Mahoney should not waste fleeting time , and offered Mahoney his own gloves . When Mahoney said he could n't deprive Rabbi Goode of his gloves , the rabbi said it was all right , he had two pairs . Only later , according to military historians , did Mahoney realize that of course , Rabbi Goode was not carrying an extra pair of gloves . He had already decided that he was going down with the ship . According to the Army War College account , another survivor of the Dorchester , John Ladd , said of the four chaplains ' selfless act : "  It was the finest thing I have seen or hope to see this side of heaven . " The story of the four chaplains was quite well known in America for a while ; in 1948 a first-class 3-cent postage stamp was issued bearing their likenesses . There are still stained glass windows in some chapels across the U.S. that pay tribute to the four men , including at the Pentagon . But the national memory is short , and they are no longer much discussed . February 3 was , years ago , designated by Congress to be set aside annually as Four Chaplains Day , but it is not widely commemorated . This Super Bowl Sunday , with its football heroes whose televised exploits are bracketed by commercials for beer and corn chips , will be no exception . The nation 's attention , this February 3 , will be focused on the game . But perhaps , at some point in the day , we can pause for a moment to reflect upon what valor and courage and sacrifice really mean . How rare they truly are . And to recall the four men who remain , in the words with which their grateful and humbled country honored them on the front of that long-ago postage stamp , "  these immortal chaplains . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : On Super Bowl Sunday , football players will be called gutsy , heroic He says for real heroism , look to four WWII chaplains who sacrificed lives on this day in 1943 He says the helped young soldiers to safety , giving up life vests , when their ship hit Greene : They went down with ship . Think of them while you 're cheering football "  heroes "
CNN  -- Neil Patrick Harris is n't a foul-mouthed rocker -- he just plays one on Broadway -- but he 's had some people fooled . The 40-year-old actor is starring in the musical "  Hedwig and the Angry Inch " as the titular German transgender performer , and he 's so immersed in his character when on stage that not even an excited fan can pull him out of it . He proved that at an April 19 performance , when , according to the New York Post 's Page Six , one supporter yelled out "  I love you , Neil ! " while the actor was on stage as Hedwig . Since he was in the middle of a show , Harris swiftly responded the way Hedwig would respond : "  I 'm doing something up here , motherf **** r ! " The Post reports that the audience loved it , but apparently not everyone has . On Twitter , Harris has had to clarify that he was n't swearing at a fan ; he was playing a part . "  Take a breath , " Harris told an angered observer who chastised the actor for his "  outburst . " "  I 'm playing a character . Who is harsh . That 's the show . That 's Hedwig . " "  Hedwig and the Angry Inch " is the kind of production that welcomes improv , and audience participation can be used as a springboard for that . When the Harris fan confessed her love for the actor on Saturday , Harris worked it into his act as he 's supposed to , his rep tells Gossip Cop . "  When the fan initially yelled , ' I love you , Neil , ' Neil  as Hedwig  then responded , ` Who 's Neil ? I 'm not Neil . ' He then looked over at Yitzhak  portrayed by Lena Hall  and said , ` Are you Neil ? You better not be Neil , ' followed by Hedwig then offering the quote in question . It was all done in good fun , and fully in the context of the show . " "  Hedwig and the Angry Inch , " which has been running preview performances , will celebrate its opening night on Tuesday .	Neil Patrick Harris is being confused with his Broadway musical character A fan attending an April 19 show expressed her adoration for the actor Her proclamation was met with profanity , as Harris was still in character He 's had to explain that his response was part of the show
CNN  -- "  Until death do us part " is what generations of couples have vowed at the altar . But a legislator in Mexico City wants to give people a much shorter option . Leonel Luna from the leftist Party of the Democratic Revolution wants to make it easier for couples to divorce if things do n't work out the way they hoped in the first two years after tying the knot . The bill is at the center of a controversy about family values and the definition of marriage in Mexico City . But Luna , who introduced the bill at Mexico City 's Legislative Assembly last week , says his measure is simply a reflection of reality . "  Almost 50 % of couples in Mexico City end up in divorce , " Luna says . "  What we 're trying to do is acknowledging reality and creating a mechanism that will allow couples to end their marriage without going through the additional pain and suffering of a legal battle . " Luna uses statistics from the Mexico City registry to illustrate his point . Out of 33,000 couples who got married in the past two years in Mexico City , around 16,000 filed for divorce . Ending the marriage , Luna says , costs approximately $ 3,500 . The couple normally spends anywhere from $ 1,000 to $ 1,500 in legal fees and attorneys and the Mexico City legal system absorbs the rest . Under Luna 's bill , couples would sign a marriage contract that would last two years . Once that term was over , the couple would have the option to renew . The contract would specify if property is owned by both spouses or separately . It would also state who would get custody of the children , if any , and how benefits would be distributed . The bill is now in committee . It may take up to three weeks before it is voted on in front of the full legislative assembly . If approved , the bill would apply only to couples getting married in Mexico City . But is there a demand for it ? Norma Ojeda , a sociologist at San Diego State University who has researched marriage and divorce in Mexico , said that at first glance , the proposal seems like an unnecessary law that would simply create more bureaucracy . As it is , she said , the majority of marriage dissolutions in Mexico -- 70 % -- come not from a formal divorce but from informal separation . Costs , as Luna pointed out , are an obstacle to divorce , but to date , couples have dealt with that simply by splitting and starting new families in many cases . Ojeda did say , however , that a temporary contract could provide additional protection for children whose parents split , whose needs are often overlooked in informal separations . Jorge Perez , a Mexico City resident , said the bill would benefit many couples who tie the knot in a rush . "  It 's like renewing your vows  after two years  if you want . If there 's a fight , they can plan what to do from the beginning " of the marriage , Perez said . Angelica Cesar , who also lives in Mexico City , strongly disagrees with the bill . "  If you 're making a commitment to share your life with someone , it better be for more than two years . It has to be for the rest of your life , " Cesar said . As a country , Mexico has the second largest Catholic population in the world after Brazil , and many say the bill goes against the beliefs of most Mexicans . But things are different in the capital , where the population tends to be less conservative than the rest of the country . Two years ago , the liberal majority in the Mexico City legislature also made gay marriage legal in the Mexican capital . The Mexican Catholic Church denounced that law then and is strongly opposed to the passage of the two-year marriage bill . The Rev. Jose de Jesus Aguilar , a spokesman for the Mexican Conference of Catholic Bishops and the Mexico City Archdiocese , has denounced the bill . "  Mexico is suffering very serious problems precisely because we 're losing family values . I think that instead of creating all kinds of comfortable rules for political purposes , legislators should focus on promoting strong marriages and family values , " he said . Luna , the bill 's author , said the chances of getting the measure passed are good . Out of 66 legislators in the Mexico City Assembly , 34 belong to his party and are likely to vote in favor of the bill . Luna said he 's working on getting votes from the left-leaning Labor Party to ensure he gets the majority needed for passage . CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Legislator Leonel Luna wants to make it easier for couples to call it quits Newlyweds would sign a two-year marriage contract , then decide whether to renew The law would apply only to Mexico City
The high-stakes fight over implementing parts of the troubled health care reform law will move to the U.S. Supreme Court in coming months , in a dispute involving coverage for contraceptives and religious liberty . The justices agreed on Tuesday to review provisions in the Affordable Care Act requiring employers of a certain size to offer insurance coverage for birth control and other reproductive health services without a co-pay . At issue is whether private companies can refuse to do so on the claim it violates their religious beliefs . Oral arguments will likely be held in March with a ruling by late June . Nearly 50 pending lawsuits have been filed in federal court from various corporations challenging the birth control coverage benefits in the "  Obamacare " law championed by President Barack Obama , which has come in for fierce political criticism over its rocky public introduction . The high court last year narrowly upheld the key funding provision of the health care law , a blockbuster ruling affirming that most Americans would be required to purchase insurance or pay a financial penalty -- the so-called "  individual mandate . " The constitutional debate now shifts to the separate employer mandates and whether corporations themselves enjoy the same First Amendment rights as individuals . Three federal appeals courts around the country have struck down the contraception coverage rule , while two other appeals courts have upheld it . That "  circuit split " made a Supreme Court review more likely . The Supreme Court agreed to hear two cases involving for-profit corporations . Among the plaintiffs is Hobby Lobby , Inc. a nationwide chain of about 500 arts and crafts stores . Hobby Lobby finds way around $ 1.3-million-a-day Obamacare hit - for now David Green and his family are the owners and say their Christian beliefs clash with parts of the law 's mandates for comprehensive coverage . They say some of the drugs that would be provided prevent human embryos from being implanted in a woman 's womb , which the Greens equate to abortion . The privately held company does not object to funding other forms of contraception -- such as condoms and diaphragms -- for their roughly 13,000 employees , which Hobby Lobby says represent a variety of faiths . Companies that refuse to provide the coverage could be fined up to $ 1.3 million daily . Kyle Duncan , general counsel of the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty and lead lawyer for Hobby Lobby , called the Supreme Court decision to hear the case a "  major step " for the Greens and their business , and "  an important fight for Americans ' religious liberty . " Opinion : Religious liberty is for people , not corporations The White House said on Tuesday that it believes a requirement on contraceptives is "  lawful and essential to women 's health . " The White House added that it is "  confident the Supreme Court will agree . " The Obama administration has defended the law and federal officials say they have already created rules exempting certain nonprofits and religiously affiliated organizations from the contraceptives requirements . In those cases , women would receive coverage from another company at no cost . The Supreme Court was asked to take up the issue by a private Christian university in Virginia but the court , without explanation , decided not to hear that appeal . The law 's supporters say it does not require individual company owners to personally provide coverage they might object , but instead places that responsibility on the corporate entity . A key issue for the justices will be interpreting the 1993 federal law known as the Religious Freedom Restoration Act . Can companies , churches , and universities be included , or do the protections apply only to "  persons ? " The botched rollout of HealthCare.gov , the federal Obamacare website , has become a political flashpoint along with other issues that Republicans say proves the law is unworkable . WH : Obamacare website ` on track ' to meet Nov. 30 goal The cases accepted were Sebelius v. Hobby Lobby Stores , Inc.  13-354  ; and Conestoga Wood Specialties Corp. v. Sebelius  13-356  . Church and state , executive power on Supreme Court docket	High court accepts appeal on Obamacare 's contraception coverage Supreme Court was more likely to take up appeal with lower courts split Blockbuster 2012 ruling by justices involved Obamacare individual mandate This appeal centers around employer mandate and coverage of contraceptives
CNN  -- Three games are on the schedule Friday at the World Cup , including a match between fancied Spain and always tough the Netherlands in a rematch of the 2010 final . You 'll also be able to watch Mexico , which at one point was a minute away from missing the finals , battle Cameroon in the first match of the day , and Australia take on Chile in the last . Here are five things to look for on Friday : Crushing on Cameroon Their World Cup history is short and their highlights are limited , with six appearances in the finals and five early exits . But since Roger Milla 's goal to shock holders Argentina in the 1990 opener , we 've loved watching them . They are like a rock band with no hit records , but man do they put on a live show . El Tri says we 're ready now Mexico was about 90 seconds from being sent home from qualifying , but thanks to a stoppage-time goal from the United States that eliminated Panama , Mexico was able to advance . The team also struggled in warmup matches , so you 'd think they might have a goal of say , getting out of their tough group , but no , they plan more . "  Our team is strong and in our minds we believe we can make it all the way to the finals and make history , " longtime defender and captain Rafa Marquez said Thursday . No sweat , they just have to make it out of a group that also has Brazil and Croatia . Early showdown Defending champion Spain has this winning major titles thing down pat . Spain won European championships in 2008 and 2012 as well as the World Cup in ' 10 . That 's why La Roja is the No. 1 team coming in even if teams like Brazil and Germany are more favored . "  It 's a veteran team , " Spanish coach Vicente del Bosque said . "  It 's a mature team with people who are in shape , it 's what they do , what they have done . " On Friday they meet the Netherlands -- you might call them Holland -- in what should be the best game of the day . Will there be more protests ? In Natal , where Cameroon and Mexico play in the first match of the day , there are 4,700 federal troops to provide security and keep order , The New York Times reports , adding that a bus strike affecting a half-million commuters began this week . Reason to love Cameroon One of the best nicknames in the tournament : The Indomitable Lions .	Cameroon may not get to the knockout round but they usually delight Mexico was n't a great team during qualifying but their captain says do n't overlook them Spain coach says his lads are in physically good shape Another reason to cheer for Cameroon ? The team nickname
The cricketing world has been rocked by fresh revelations over alleged fixing by former New Zealand internationals , following the leak of player statements made to a corruption inquiry . The scandal has prompted ex-Black Caps star Chris Cairns to confirm that he is "  Player X " -- the prominent former international accused in the statements of pressuring others to fix in matches -- while rejecting the allegations against him and vowing to clear his name . "  I have not denied I am Player X , " he wrote in a series of tweets Tuesday . "  It 's the allegations I reject ... Thanks for all the support out there and to all those who understand that there are bigger forces at play here . " The International Cricket Council 's Anti-Corruption and Security Unit  ACSU  has previously confirmed it was conducting an investigation into Cairns and fellow former New Zealand internationals Lou Vincent and Daryl Tuffey . Cairns , considered one of the game 's leading all-rounders in his day , has challenged match-fixing allegations in the courts in the past , and won . In 2012 , he sued Indian cricket official and businessman Lalit Modi in a British court , after Modi had tweeted allegations of match-fixing relating to Cairns ' stint with the Chandigarh Lions in the short-lived Indian Cricket League  ICL  . Cairns captained the side in 2007 and 2008 , playing alongside Vincent in 2008 . Modi , who ran the rival Indian Premier League competition , lost his appeal against the court 's decision in October 2012 , with damages increased to # 90,000  $ 147,459  . Tuffey , a bowler who played his last Test for New Zealand in 2010 , also denies any involvement in fixing . In the latest revelations , Vincent is reported to have told ACSU investigators he fixed in at least 12 games in five countries from 2008 to 2012 , beginning with his time with the Chandigarh Lions . He then reportedly continued to fix in the English county competition , and the Twenty20 Champions League , using tactics such as changing the color of his bat handle to show that a fix was occurring . ` Hero ' and friend According to the reports , Vincent , 35 , identified six other players he believes were involved in fixing , and told investigators he had been drawn into the practice under the influence of a prominent former international -- referred to by the press as Player X -- whom he felt he could not refuse . New Zealand 's current captain Brendon McCullum also reportedly told investigators that a friend and "  hero " had twice attempted to persuade him to fix , first in India ahead of the start of the inaugural Indian Premier League in 2008 , then shortly afterwards in England during a New Zealand tour . McCullum reportedly refused the advances , which allegedly included an offer of more than # 100,000 , and advice on how to launder any illicit gains through the purchase of property in Dubai . New Zealand Cricket CEO David White stressed that McCullum was not under investigation by the ICC , and expressed dismay his testimony had been leaked to media . "  I can confirm that Brendon is not under investigation by the ICC and in fact his testimony has been applauded by them , " White said . "  He was approached to match-fix , he has refused that and reported it to the ICC . Brendan has done the right thing . We believe this is brave and courageous , and he has shown a great example as an international captain . " Heath Mills , chief executive of the New Zealand Cricket Players ' Association , also criticized the leak of the players ' statements , saying it "  completely undermines any trust or confidence players may have in cricket 's anti-corruption systems . " ' A complete lie ' In response to the claims , Cairns issued a statement describing the allegations against him as a "  complete lie . " "  Lou Vincent ... appears to have confessed to match fixing in respect of games played in numerous countries around the world , most of which I have had no connection to , " read the statement from the 43-year-old , who made his Test debut in 1989 and played his last one-day international in 2006 . "  He is in a desperate position . He faces potential prosecution and in trying to negotiate a plea bargain he appears to be willing to falsely accuse me of wrongdoing . " In regard to McCullum 's allegations , he wrote : "  I have no idea why he would say the things he is alleged to have said . To be clear , I have never approached Brendon , or anyone else , about match-fixing or any other improper activity . "  I have nothing to hide . " The son of former New Zealand cricket great Lance Cairns , Cairns played for New Zealand 's test and one-day team and captained the side on a number of occasions . CNN affiliate TVNZ reported that Vincent 's ex-wife had also testified to investigators that Cairns was the ringleader behind the alleged ICL fixing , providing a sworn statement to ACSU that said : "  Lou said Chris was going to pay him US$ 50,000 a game for the fixing . " TVNZ reported she said Vincent had met a stranger with a briefcase full of money in India , and that she and her husband "  fell out about the whole ICL fixing thing , as I did n't want him to be involved , but Lou kept saying , ` Do n't worry we 're all doing it . ' " She claimed her ex-husband had once called her in tears , saying he owed hundreds of thousands of dollars after his attempts to fix had gone wrong , TVNZ reported . Lily-white ? New Zealand regularly ranks as one of the world 's least corrupt countries , recently topping Transparency International 's Corruption Perceptions Index alongside Denmark . New Zealand sportswriter Joseph Romanos said the allegations of corruption surrounding celebrated athletes in the country 's summer game had come as a shock to many . "  New Zealanders , perhaps unrealistically , think of themselves as fairly lily-white in terms of match-fixing and banned drugs in sport , " he told CNN . "  It 's always a huge shock when someone 's done -- although when you catalog it all , we can mix it with the best of them on the wrong side of the line . " Australian cricket writer Gideon Haigh said New Zealand players may have been targeted for approaches as the country had had the highest number of defectors to the "  rebel " ICL competition , and were "  comparatively speaking poorly paid by international standards . " "  I guess they were the first targets of ICL recruiting agents and therefore became exposed to a tournament where really nothing hinged on the outcome and the amounts being paid were far more than the individual players were worth , " he told CNN . "  Nothing is more conducive to corruption than meaningless cricket , and sums of money that are odds with the scale and importance of the game . " Recent scandals International cricket has been plagued by the specter of match-fixing in recent years , with three Pakistani players banned by the ICC and sentenced by a British court for spot fixing during a Test match against England at Lord 's in 2010 . In August last year , seven were charged in Bangladesh with match-fixing ; former national captain Mohammad Ashraful had previously confessed to fixing matches . And in October , six international umpires were stood down following an India TV expose which alleged officials were willing to fix matches at the recent T20 World Cup in exchange for payment . Haigh said the game 's administrators had failed to keep pace with developments in the south Asian gambling market . "  Under the present climate where vast quantities  of money  have entered the game over the past 10 years and the game is still trying to operate under institutional structures that were devised during the 20th century , I think cricket 's got a lot of catching up to do , " he said . He was n't confident that administrators would tackle the problem anytime soon . "  Frankly , they simply have n't been focused on this . They 've been too busy attempting to make money themselves , " Haigh said . "  It took a very , very long time for cycling to take seriously the issue of doping . It 's amazing how long administrators can stave off doing anything serious . " He said if a broadcaster or major sponsor took a stance on corruption in the game , it could help efforts to driver out fixers . Until then , fans would be left wondering every time they saw something out of the ordinary on the pitch . "  I suppose the worst thing is the not knowing , " said Haigh . "  Once the hint of corruption enters into cricket , it becomes very difficult for you to take pleasure in its inherent unpredictability . " READ MORE : ICC confirms fixing investigation involving New Zealand cricketers	Fresh details have been revealed over alleged fixing by New Zealand cricket players Testimony by two players to the ICC alleges an international great encouraged them to fix Chris Cairns says he was the player referred to , but denies the allegations Cairns has successfully challenged match-fixing allegations in the courts in the past
CNN  -- A 44-year-old male teacher from my hometown is set to be released after just 31 days of incarceration for raping a 14-year-old girl who later killed herself . Someone believed Cherice Moralez of Billings , Montana , when she accused her 49-year-old teacher , Sandy Rambold , of forcible rape . He confessed , faced charges and then should have received a sentence commensurate with the crime of rape . But the legal process played out over three years , and just before her 17th birthday , Moralez , shamed and shunned by classmates , shot herself . District Judge G. Todd Baugh sentenced Rambold to just 30 days .  The public outrage that followed caused Baugh to attempt a review of his own sentencing , a move the Montana State Supreme Court denied . "  He 'd suffered enough , " Baugh said of Rambold at the initial sentencing , and besides , Moralez , "  older than her chronological age , " was "  as much in control of the situation " as her teacher , he said . "  Obviously a 14-year-old ca n't consent , " the judge explained in the wake of public outrage , but this was n't "  some violent , forcible , horrible rape . " It was n't , said the judge , "  this forcible beat-up rape . " Where does this bizarre line of reasoning come from ? We need only look around for clues at a media culture that regularly tells young girls that growing up means shedding all signs of pink princess innocence for a porn version of sexy . A culture that celebrates Robin Thicke singing , "  I know you want it " at the VMAs as Miley Cyrus -- having made the lightening quick transformation from teen role model to sex object , whose job it is to give pleasure to a grown man -- twerks in his crotch . We reward girls and young women who take off their clothes , tell them that their sexual availability and sexual power are their most important assets . We grant them record deals , reality TV shows , and global news coverage . Once they cross over , slut-shaming and Judge Baugh-like sentences enable men like Rambold to take full advantage -- as long as it 's not "  this forcible beat-up rape . " We rarely hear from young women themselves about what it 's like to traverse this cultural terrain . So I asked members of the SPARKteam  girl activists ages 13-22 from SPARK Movement  to talk about what happened to Cherice . What does it feel like to be 14 and want to be wanted , to experience this new kind of power and illusion of control ? Erin , 18 , says she immediately identified with Cherice , because "  I was her . I remember being 14 and talking to 30 year-olds on the Internet . I was feeling really alone and struggling to come to terms with who I was . I wanted to have some kind of social  and sexual  connection with people . That 's what led me to leer in chat rooms and talk to men who were more than twice my age . Maybe they would love me and maybe I could feel less insecure . " Erin knows firsthand how easy it is "  to get caught up in your undying feelings for someone , especially someone who is manipulating you into loving them . At 14 , you think that you know everything -- you think this person is n't doing anything wrong by having a relationship with you , and that no one understands . He becomes your world . You think that you 're in love , when what you 're really in is abuse . " "  When you 're 14 , " 15-year-old Luci says . "  It seems like the rest of the world is against you , especially if , as the judge described Morales , you 're ' a troubled kid . ' I can get that , and I can see why Cherice found refuge in a relationship with her teacher . When I was her age , there was this one teacher who everyone at my school adored . He saw potential in me that I was too insecure to see in myself . I looked like I could be in college . He treated me like I was grown up , so I thought I was more mature than I really was . But that 's the thing : Looking older than you are in no way equals being emotionally mature . " Celeste , 20 , implicates Judge Baugh 's unquestioned participation "  in a culture where representations of Latinas prioritize sex appeal . Baugh 's claims speak volumes about the way women of color are hypersexualized . Cherice was only 14 , but when Baugh looked at her he saw someone older who was therefore experienced enough to understand , and even control , a sexual situation . She did not fit his image of ` youth ' and ` purity , ' so this 70-year-old Judge did not see a young girl who was victimized , but a sexually viable woman . " Because the lines are blurred , we need judges who are educated and aware enough to see through the subterfuge of sexism and racism , who do the right thing -- whether in Steubenville , Billings , or my hometown . Whatever else is going on in girls ' lives , whatever media messages we all receive about the commodification of their sexuality , we need to send a clear message that rape and sexual assault are crimes for a reason , that justice has nothing to do with how mature a girl looks or acts and everything to do with her suffering and her right to human dignity . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lyn Mikel Brown .	Lyn Mikel Brown : Montana teen raped , teacher confessed , then judge gave one month sentence Judge said girl looked older , was in control , teacher had "  suffered " Brown : Culture 's distorted message about girls gives men like rapist -- and judge -- a pass Brown : Girls struggle to navigate this terrain ; judges must be wise enough to understand it
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The House of Representatives voted Wednesday to give the Treasury Department the power to ban future "  unreasonable and excessive " compensation at companies receiving federal bailout money . The bill would give Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner greater say on executive compensation . The Pay for Performance Act of 2009 , which passed by a vote of 247-171 , would empower Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner to define what constitutes reasonable compensation , as well as to ban bonuses not based on performance standards . Geithner 's guidelines would apply to companies receiving assistance from the government 's Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP . Democrats provided heavy support for the bill , with only eight from that party voting against the measure . Republicans , who are in the minority in the House , were mostly opposed , with only 10 crossing party lines to support it . Two weeks ago , the House passed legislation taxing individuals on any bonuses received in 2009 from companies getting $ 5 billion or more in money from the TARP . Bonuses for people with incomes over $ 250,000 would be taxed at a 90 percent rate , but the measure has failed to clear the Senate . Watch Rep. Barney Frank spar with CNN 's Lou Dobbs over bonus bill " Public outrage followed the recent revelation that insurer AIG paid $ 165 million in bonuses even as it received at least $ 170 billion of taxpayer money in federal bailouts , plus an $ 85 billion loan from the Federal Reserve .	NEW : House passes Pay for Performance Act by 237-171 vote Bill would allow Geithner to define what constitutes reasonable compensation It would apply only to companies receiving federal bailout money
CNN  -- Stewart Copeland and Sting get along great . Really . Stewart Copeland 's background includes a wide range of musical influences , many of which emerged in the Police . OK , the Police 's drummer and bassist may have argued from time to time . Perhaps even ferociously . And Copeland finds Sting 's attempts to be a drum arranger annoying . OK , maybe infuriating . But , as he writes in his new book , "  Strange Things Happen "  HarperStudio  , "  We have discovered that we can be good friends -- as long as no one mentions music . " Besides , Copeland adds in an interview , both Sting and guitarist Andy Summers "  are crap at drums . " Watch Copeland dish on the band " Copeland may be best known for the hitmaking musical trio , but he has n't let the Police define him . The son of a CIA officer , he grew up in the Middle East and has let his musical fascinations range widely . He 's written operas and dozens of film and television scores and is currently working on a concerto for the Dallas Symphony .  He also plays polo . Copeland took some time to talk about his relationship with the Police , the importance of percussion and the social niceties of West L.A. private schools . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : The pace of the book makes it seem like you 've been living "  A Hard Day 's Night " for the last 30 or 35 years . Is it really that busy ? Stewart Copeland : Oh , it 's pretty busy , but if it was n't busy , I 'd be stressed and anxious . In fact , this week I 've got some down time , and I 'm looking at the walls . CNN : It 's been inescapable that people are focusing on the part of the book involving you and your fellow Police members . You say that you have a great relationship with Sting until music gets involved . Copeland : We get along in every way until it comes to music . ... -LSB- But -RSB- both of them are crap at drums , so at least I do n't have that to deal with . CNN : So Sting is not much of a drummer , despite the fact that he has all these ideas . Copeland : Actually , he can play a bit of drums , but he 's much better arranging drums than playing them . And I think I 'd rather have him as a drummer than as an arranger of drums , even though he 's quite brilliant at -LSB- arranging -RSB- . CNN : Has there always been that friction in the band ? Copeland : Yes . With Andy , there 's no friction at all ; we get along great . ... And by the way , he 's not the man in the middle , either . He 's not a mediator . He 's his own little volcano . He 's a very sharp point to the triangle . But this conflict ... when we did the reunion tour , it was like everything was different , but nothing had changed . From the first 16 bars , we were straight back into where we left off . CNN : With the Police , the friction seems -- for lack of a better term -- healthy . Copeland : Well , it 's that musical dichotomy that makes the band what it is . If we did n't have those beautiful , sensitive songs , we 'd be lost . Those beautiful , sensitive songs have an extra kick to them because there 's a madman in the group . CNN : Does the madman change , or is it always Sting ? Copeland : Actually , all three of us have our moments . CNN : You grew up in the Middle East . Do you see any reflections of that in the way you play the drums , in the way you feel the beat ? Copeland : Absolutely . I grew up surrounded by Arabic music . The central element of Arabic music is the baladi rhythm , which is just Arabic for "  country . " And it has that drop on the three-beat . And it has that use of negative space . And it also has the very ornate use of the 16th notes , which are very expressive in Arabic music . And I suppose those are all factors that show up in the Police . CNN : You mentioned in the book that you put aside the sticks for many years until -LSB- Primus ' -RSB- Les Claypool got you back into it . Copeland : Yes . The Police experience in the studio was so horrendous that my two colleagues actually managed temporarily to convince me that I had no talent and I was a menace to music . And I was distracted by composing . ... I wanted to play with all of those toys , and needed to shake off the rhythm label . And I think I was successful in doing that , to the detriment of my drumming career . CNN : Was picking up the sticks again like riding a bike ? Copeland : Absolutely . The rhythm is still there . The pulse is still strong . The persnickety bits -- the finesse -- that took awhile to come back . CNN : You mention getting together with all-star bands with others -- Gene Simmons , Stephen Stills -- at your son 's school . Is that common in L.A. ? Copeland : Well , in Los Angeles in the west side here , there are three or four schools where all the alpha types send their kids . Between the three schools , we have all of the glitterati . CNN : Do you still find yourself a fan in those situations , seeing musicians you admire ? Copeland : Not really . I 'll get completely filled with fan fervor in listening to the music , but I 've just learned so many times that the person is not the music . ... And also at these schools , everything is extremely downplayed . All of these alpha wives of these luminaries -- and the female luminaries themselves -- all go down to Gap especially to buy their school clothes . No bling , Gap clothing . It 's all extremely dressed down and un-ostentatious . CNN : Is there a favorite or least favorite Police song you do ? Do you get so that you think , "  If I have to play ` Roxanne ' one more time ... " Copeland : No , I still enjoy playing "  Roxanne . " ... Some songs are more of a mountain to climb physically , -LSB- like -RSB- "  When the World Is Running Down . " Andy takes a guitar solo that is so stratospheric , climbs so high and has such power , I get carried away . By the time he 's finished , I am done . And I realize that I 've just burnt every calorie , and I 've got another 45 minutes of set to play . CNN : People do n't realize how physically demanding it is . Copeland : But the thing is , when you 're doing it , you 're hardly aware of it as well , because you 're sustained by 80,000 people freaking out . ... I do n't want to get all metaphysical here or nothin ' , but something definitely happens . You are definitely empowered by the power of that huge audience . ... It pumps you up .	Stewart Copeland writes about his life in new book , "  Strange Things Happen " Copeland says he and Sting get along fine when music is n't involved Besides , he says , group 's "  sensitive " songs helped by "  madman " in trio Copeland grew up in Middle East , says rhythms of region part of his roots
CNN  -- At least 150 people drowned when a boat leaving Libya capsized off the Tunisian coast this week , the U.N. refugee agency said Friday . Scores more were still missing as a rescue operation by Tunisian authorities continued . But at least 578 people survived the sinking Wednesday , according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . On Thursday , 195 survivors were transferred to a humanitarian aid camp close to the Tunisia-Libya border , according to a statement from the refugee agency . An additional 383 survivors were expected to be taken to the same or nearby camps for help . The overcrowded boat , which set sail May 28 from Tripoli , was headed for the Italian island of Lampedusa carrying about 850 people . The passengers were mostly migrants from West Africa , Pakistan and Bangladesh who were fleeing fighting in Libya , the refugee agency said in a statement . The agency said some survivors reported the boat was manned by people with little or no maritime experience . Soon after the boat left Tripoli , it ran into difficulties and by Tuesday , the passengers ran out of food and water . The boat ran aground Wednesday near the Kerkennah Islands , about 300 kilometers  about 186 miles  northwest of Tripoli in the Mediterranean Sea , the refugee agency reported . "  Desperate passengers rushed to one side , seeking rescue by the Tunisian coast guard and fishing boats that had approached the vessel , " and the boat capsized , the agency said . "  This appears to be one of the worst and the deadliest incidents in the Mediterranean so far this year , " said Adrian Edwards , a spokesman for the refugee agency . Lampedusa , the closest Italian island to Africa , has become a destination for tens of thousands of refugees seeking to enter Europe . More than 30,000 migrants and refugees from Tunisia and Libya have risked the dangerous journey to Lampedusa . At one point , the population of migrants vastly outnumbered the tiny population of Lampedusa , which numbers less than 6,000 . "  Boats loaded with migrants fleeing the ongoing conflict in Libya have been making the journey to Italy and Malta over recent months , sometimes with tragic consequences , " the refugee agency said in its statement . "  Just last month , hundreds died as a vessel carrying about 600 people broke up shortly after departing Tripoli . "	U.N. refugee agency : 578 people survive the sinking Thousands of refugees fleeing the conflict in Libya try to get to Europe An overcrowded boat with about 850 people aboard left Tripoli for Italy last weekend The boat capsized in the Mediterranean Sea on Wednesday
CNN  -- This is an obituary , but not as you know it . One , the subject of this obituary is a horse . And two , he is n't dead . But come Saturday , countless millions of racing fans the world over will be in mourning for one of the greatest racehorses the sport has ever seen . Once a racehorse like Frankel retires to spend the rest of his life in the breeding shed he is , in some sense , lost to us forever , and we are left wondering if we 'll ever see his like again . Unbeaten at two , three and four years old , Frankel 's career yet seems too short for a talent that burned so bright . It is inconceivable that we would allow our human idols to retire , unopposed , at their peak of their brilliance . But the nature of Thoroughbred racing is such that the best horses are victims of their own success : Frankel is simply too valuable to race on . Valued -- conservatively , some say -- at $ 160 million , Frankel 's true worth can only be realized away from the racetrack . Infographic : What makes Frankel so special ? Undefeated in all 13 of his races , Frankel is now preparing for this 14th and final challenge . For those who 've savored every one of his 13 appearances so far it will be chance to say farewell to the horse who has redefined our understanding of what is possible in an equine athlete . For those who have yet to see Frankel in action , Saturday provides one last opportunity to witness a piece of racing history as the Henry Cecil-trained colt lines up in the showpiece Champion Stakes at Ascot Racecourse . But Frankel 's last race will also be his toughest yet , pitting him against the second best horse in the world on rating , Cirrus des Aigles , winner of this race last year and looking in imperious form after a stunning victory in his native France over the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe weekend . The venue for the showdown between the world 's two top-rated Thoroughbreds , Ascot Racecourse , is one of the most venerable courses in racing -- but is not without its own idiosyncrasies . Founded in 1711 by Queen Anne , Ascot retains close links with the British royal family . Perhaps the best-recognized race meeting in the global racing calendar is Royal Ascot , which takes place in June each year . Queen Elizabeth II -- one of the country 's best-known racing fans -- attends every day , arriving by horse-drawn carriage from Windsor Castle . Frankel immortalized on canvas She will be in attendance again on Saturday to witness the King of the Turf take his final bow . Ascot has already witnessed what was arguably the greatest win of Frankel 's career -- maybe even the greatest win of any racehorse 's career -- his 11-length victory in this year 's Queen Anne Stakes at this year 's Royal Ascot . That performance , reminiscent of Secretariat 's 31-length victory in the 1973 Belmont Stakes -- cemented Frankel 's reputation as undoubtedly the greatest racehorse of the 21st century . But it was also the venue where the wonder horse came the closest he 's ever come to losing his unbeaten record . One year earlier , Frankel had started in the 2011 St James 's Palace Stakes . The pacemaker Rerouted set a break-neck pace , soon opening up an enormous gap to the rest of the field . Frankel 's jockey , Tom Queally , appeared to panic , and sent his colt off after the leader . Frankel duly caught him , but the exertion nearly took its toll , and with a furlong to go Frankel 's stride was shortening . He just held off 20-1 shot Zoffany to win by three quarters of a length -- the smallest winning margin of his career apart from his maiden win over Nathaniel  a multiple Group 1 winner in his own right who , incidentally , will also be lining up against his old foe on Saturday  . Notoriously undulating , the going for Saturday 's race will be another test for the four-year-old , who has yet to prove himself over such soft ground . Horse play at Ascot . Spot the Fez ! It plays neatly into the hands of his rival Cirrus des Aigles who , by contrast , won over soft ground in his last impressive outing in Paris . While most racing insiders will doubtless hold the view that Frankel 's sheer class will prevail , a cautionary note is sounded by the experience of Black Caviar ; virtually identical conditions nearly caused a major upset earlier this season when the Australian sprinting sensation put her undefeated record on the line at Royal Ascot . She hung on by the narrowest of margins and was rewarded with a pat on the nose from the Queen herself . Frankel fans will no doubt be hoping the Queen 's royal endorsement will bring him a similar degree of luck on Saturday . In a vintage year for racing that has included not only the daring of Black Caviar , the thrilling possibility of the first Triple Crown winner in four decades in Camelot , the bravado of the little German filly Danedream to capture the King George and Queen Elizabeth Stakes , Frankel 's final curtain call has been designed to be the climax to one of sport 's great narratives . Frankel 's entire career has been played out , poignantly , against the backdrop of his trainer 's battle with cancer . Frankel himself was named after legendary American trainer Bobby Frankel , who lost his own battle with cancer in 2009 , the year his namesake was born . Henry Cecil , who has been knighted by the Queen , was unable to attend Frankel 's brilliant win in the Sussex Stakes at Glorious Goodwood earlier season as he was receiving ongoing treatment for stomach cancer . But he was determined to be at York for Frankel 's debut over the mile-and-a-quarter distance that he will attempt again on Saturday . As a stunned crowed watched Frankel demolish a quality field on his first outing over the longer trip , Cecil permitted himself a smile . Asked how his colt 's victory had made him feel , barely audible , he replied : "  Young again . " Assuming Frankel can deliver again on Saturday he will give us the Hollywood ending this story so richly deserves . Long after the applause has died down around Ascot and the last champagne has been popped , Cecil will begin the work of easing Frankel down in preparation for his new life away from the track . But this once-in-a-lifetime horse will not be forgotten by anyone who has seen him in full flight , making his blazing runs down the home straight . We are destined to think of Frankel every time we see one of his offspring at a race course . In a little over a year from now , the first of Frankel 's foals will be taking his or her first long-limbed steps in a paddock in some corner of England . A year after that , if everything goes to plan , that foal could be making its first appearance at a race track . Perhaps it will resemble him , with his four white socks and the perfect star on his forehead . His colts and fillies will be their own individuals , of course -- a blend of characteristics passed on by their sire and their dam . But if they inherit just some of their sire 's speed , his aggression and his indomitable will to win , a little bit of Frankel 's magic will live on .	Frankel makes final appearance on a race course at Ascot Saturday The four-year-old colt will be retired to stud after Champion Stakes Frankel is unbeaten in 13 races and has acquired legendary status Queen Elizabeth II will be at Ascot to watch the proceedings
CNN  -- You 've fed the birds in London 's Trafalgar Square . Lit a candle in Notre Dame in Paris . Enjoyed that relaxing cup of cafe con leche in Madrid 's Plaza Mayor . What next ? If the usual itinerary of cathedrals , palaces and souvenir shops has ceased to thrill , maybe it 's time to abandon the well-trodden tourist circuit on your next trip to Europe and head to the river . During the past two decades , a number of European cities have invested heavily in redeveloping blighted industrial river fronts , turning them into charming urban retreats that emphasize sustainability , sports and local culture . Visitors can explore on foot , or cycle , skate and even skateboard along these riverfront renovations that artfully combine traditional and modern elements to reveal a bit of each city 's soul . Madrid Rio Spain 's royal family once enjoyed pastoral views of Madrid 's Manzanares River from Palacio de los Vargas . But until recently , the Manzanares , consumed by a major motorway constructed along its banks , was unrecognizable . The traffic-clogged highway cut the river off from the city center , barred public access and enveloped nearby neighborhoods in a cloud of pollution . What do you get for $ 60,000 a night ? Today , a six-mile stretch of the Manzanares known as Madrid Rio is one of Europe 's newest , most ambitious riverfront projects . The old motorway has been removed , replaced with a greenbelt that features more than 25,000 trees , foot paths , a variety of athletic and playground facilities and scenic vistas and bridges from which to observe city landmarks . Madrid Rio also links up with other green corridors , including cycling paths that extend throughout the city . Once an enormous slaughterhouse , Matadero Madrid is one of the most stunning transformations of Madrid Rio . It 's now a contemporary cultural center featuring art exhibits , creative workshops , music festivals , documentary film and theatrical performances . 10 ultimate U.S. adventures A short walk from Matadero , the newly expanded Arganzuela Park includes three large pools alongside the river for wading and playing amid lively fountains . Lounge chairs and umbrellas provide pleasant waterside spaces for sunbathing . Finally , visit La Huerta de la Partida , the long-neglected orchard of Palacio Vargas . It has been replanted with nearly 900 trees typical of the region , including olives , almonds , pears , figs and quince . Stop at the mirador  viewpoint  for a great view of many of the city 's major monuments . Berlin - River Spree Since the fall of the Berlin Wall , this progressive city has strived to maintain a balance between large corporate development projects that bring investment and jobs , and preserving the history and artistic character of its dynamic neighborhoods . It 's a fascinating time to witness this struggle for the heart of the city , and a lot of it is playing out along the River Spree , in neighborhoods like Kreuzberg and Friedrichshain . World 's best hotel restaurants After the wall fell , these areas -- on either side of the river -- flourished as hip , alternative havens . Vacant lots became vibrant community gardens and art spaces , and drab apartment blocks became artists ' studios , cheerful cooperative living spaces and diverse underground nightclubs . These areas have gentrified considerably , but you 'll still find eclectic flea markets , independent designer shops and great global cuisine . Consider taking a walking tour led by the nonprofit Institute for Creative Sustainability , which emphasizes grass-roots efforts to maintain the green , creative character of the neighborhoods . Finally , visit the East Side Gallery , one of the last standing segments of the Berlin Wall , which has become an inspiring artistic monument to peace and freedom . Next , head to Mitte , literally the center , or "  middle , " of the city . In the middle of the Spree , you 'll find Museuminsel  Museum Island  , home to several museums that collectively feature 6,000 years of artifacts and art . Close by is the historic Reichstag  German parliament building  with its strikingly modern glass dome and the Berlin Wall Memorial . It 's not far from here to other important historic sites like the Monument to the Murdered Jews of Europe and the Brandenburg Gate . Before you go , be sure to visit the famous "  beach bars " on the banks of the river . As you sip your caipirinha or local brew in a beach chair surrounded by palm trees , you 'll marvel at how rapidly this city evolves and changes . Lisbon -- Tagus River  Rio Tejo Centuries ago , the Tagus River launched Portuguese explorers out to sea on their journeys to Asia , Africa and the Americas and guided immigrants into this port city . The exchange of cultures that gives Lisbon its distinctive architectural and culinary character is also apparent in the city 's riverfront development , which began in the 1990s when Lisbon was named the European Capital of culture . There are several points from which to embark on the 4.5-mile walk along the river . One nice starting point is the enormous and colorful Praça do Comercio , one of Lisbon 's best-known squares . Moving from tradition to trendy , the next stop is Cais do Sodre . Redevelopment rid the area of its reputation for seedy bars and brothels ; today it 's home to hot clubs and great restaurants . Visit the famous Mercado da Ribeira for fantastic fruits , vegetables and flowers . Fodor 's 100 Hotel Award winners Carry on and you 'll arrive at the Museu Nacional de Arte Antiga , with its river views and impressive collection of ancient art . Another opportunity for good food and drink awaits at the cafes along the Santo Amaro docks . You 'll need your energy for the next leg of your journey to Belem , a neighborhood rich in museums , gardens and cafes . Then again , maybe it 's best to save another full day for Belem 's treasures . Instead , grab a pasteis de belem  a custard tart  from a traditional bakery , and lose yourself back at the river 's edge . London - River Thames The Thames is already a popular tourist destination , but until recently , most visitors did n't make it farther east than the Tower Bridge . That 's changing with the impressive transformation of a once bleak wasteland known as the Docklands . Until the mid-20th century , East London 's docks supported one of the busiest ports in the world . But between the 1960s and the 1980s , the docks closed as shipping traffic shifted to larger coastal ports , and London was left with more than 5,000 acres of derelict land . Since the government put a plan in place to revitalize the Docklands in the early 1980s , the area has grown to become a mixture of residential , commercial and light industrial properties , with Canary Wharf -- now a major business district and shopping destination -- as its centerpiece . The 2012 Olympics provided another huge opportunity to expand waterfront redevelopment , accentuating the contrast between old and new . Today you can wander narrow cobblestone streets to find cafes and historic riverside pubs , and then ascend to spectacular views atop the Shard , a spire-shaped , gleaming glass skyscraper completed in 2012 . Do n't miss the Museum of London Docklands , which surveys the area 's history from Roman times to its recent redevelopment . A fun way to see the Docklands is via the new Emirates Air Line cable cars that cross the river to Greenwich , home of the Royal Observatory , on the South Bank of the Thames . Rent a bike and take it on the cable car to explore the Thames Cultural Cycling Tour , which passes through Greenwich and eventually crosses back to Canary Wharf and historic neighborhoods like Wapping before returning to the South Bank via Tower Bridge .	Madrid Rio has been transformed from a highway to an urban river paradise River Spree embodies the formerly divided Berlin 's attempts to respect its history and future Follow the River Thames to the Docklands for a tour of the city 's shipping past
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The illegal export of U.S. military technology to Iran and China poses a growing threat , the Justice Department said Thursday as it announced plans to combat the practice . Iran is the only country still flying the F-14 Tomcat . The department said the United States will tighten monitoring of export licenses and increase export restrictions on technologies that could have both civilian and military applications and could pose a danger to U.S. national security in the hands of terrorists or potential enemies . "  China and Iran pose particular U.S. export control concerns , " the Justice Department said in a statement issued Thursday . "  Recent prosecutions have highlighted illegal exports of stealth missile technology , military aircraft components , naval warship data , night vision equipment , and other restricted technology destined for China or Iran . " Representatives of more than a half dozen federal agencies will jointly announce their plans at a Justice Department news conference Thursday . Officials plan to highlight two recent cases . In the past week a Pittsburgh company , SparesGlobal Inc. , was sentenced for lying about an illegal export of products that can be used in nuclear reactions and in the nose cones of ballistic missiles . The products ended up in Pakistan after being routed from the United Arab Emirates . In Utah , two men were charged last week with attempting to illegally export restricted components for F-4 and F-14 fighter jets . F-14 components are widely sought by Iran , which is the only military in the world that still flies the jet . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Illegal exports to Iran , China an increasing problem , Justice Department says Pittsburgh company cited for export of products with nuclear applications Utah men charged with attempting to illegally export jet fighter parts
CNN  -- A body found in a wooded area Tuesday is believed to be that of 11-year-old William McQuain , who went missing more than two weeks ago , Montgomery County , Maryland , police said . Search dog handlers found the body of a young African-American male in Clarksburg , Maryland , just after 9 a.m. Tuesday , police said in a statement . The scene was still being processed Tuesday morning , and police spokeswoman Rebecca Innocenti had no information on when a positive identification would be made . An Amber Alert was issued for the boy after his mother , Jane McQuain , 51 , was found dead in the bedroom of her Germantown home October 12 . She had been stabbed and beaten , according to police . Her son was not there , and her Honda CRV was gone , but police later recovered it . Police said the boy was last seen September 30 at his home . Authorities said Jane McQuain had been dead for about 10 to 12 days when her body was found . The discovery was made after a friend contacted police and said he had not been able to contact her and was concerned . Curtis Lopez , 45 , was arrested last week in Charlotte , North Carolina , in connection with Jane McQuain 's death . He waived extradition to Maryland on Monday . Police said Lopez was McQuain 's husband and was often at her residence , although he did not appear to live there . Witnesses reported seeing him loading items into McQuain 's vehicle recently , police said . Authorities obtained a surveillance tape from the morning of October 1 showing Lopez "  entering and re-entering " a storage unit in Germantown with the boy , the police statement said . "  At that time , William McQuain appeared to be in a playful mood and showed no signs of distress . " "  The clothing that William McQuain was wearing in the video is similar to the clothing found on the body that was located , " the statement said . The body is believed to have been in its location since October 1 , authorities said . CNN 's Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	William McQuain , 11 , has been missing for more than two weeks McQuain 's mother was found dead at her Maryland home October 12 A search dog team found the remains in a wooded area , police say
Two Northern California men made brief appearances in federal court Wednesday in what began as another big pot-growing drug bust but what has become a horrifying story of one teenager 's alleged torment , captivity and sexual abuse . The criminal complaint against the two men -- Ryan Balletto , 30 , and Patrick Pearmain , 24 -- outlines the allegations of a 15-year-old girl 's ordeal of being held in a coffin-like box for hours on end at a marijuana-growing "  farm " where she worked trimming plants . Balletto and Pearmain were criminally charged in federal court earlier this month -- and are in custody without bail -- with conspiracy to manufacture and distribute more than 1,000 marijuana plants and with using a minor in a drug operation . Additionally Pearmain faces state charges of kidnapping to commit robbery or rape and unlawful sex with a minor . Balletto faces state charges of lewd and lascivious acts with a child . They appeared before a federal judge during a three-minute hearing Wednesday , according to court records . No pleas were entered , and arraignment of the two is set for Friday in federal court , according to records . Efforts Wednesday to reach attorneys for the two men were not successful . The girl sometimes was held in a metal toolbox 4 feet long , 2 feet wide and 2 feet high , authorities said . According to the criminal complaint , she told authorities that the men "  put her in the box to ` teach ' her because they had a ` point to prove . ' " The girl referred to the marijuana operation as a "  mission " and said the men locked her in the box to protect the operation , according to the complaint . "  Specifically , they did not want  the girl  to ` ruin the mission ' or ` go off and say something about the mission , ' " the complaint stated . Abused but alive The box was hoisted at an angle to allow a hose to be inserted "  to wash her off and rinse human waste from the inside of the box without letting her out , " the complaint said . Federal authorities declined to comment Tuesday on the whereabouts or current condition of the girl . But a psychologist who had read about the case told CNN that he was shocked by the details and that he believes the girl will suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder . "  She is no different from , say , a POW ... She was in a box . She 's going to need a lot of therapeutic treatment , " said California-based clinical psychologist Mark Burdick , who is not involved in the case . "  This is obviously a very traumatic situation for her ... It is cruel , cruel and unusual punishment for a 15-year-old girl , and she will undoubtedly need a structured therapeutic environment for what could be years , " Burdick said . According to the criminal complaint , federal agents began a suspected narcotics investigation in late 2011 , and Balletto was one of the individuals suspected . Last August , agents identified land that he had bought in Lake County , California , north of San Francisco . During a surveillance flyover of that land in April , a Lake County detective spotted two greenhouses that appeared to be full of marijuana plants . Meanwhile , also in April , the Los Angeles Police Department "  requested urgent assistance of the Lake County Sheriff 's Department regarding a missing juvenile from the Los Angeles area , " the complaint stated . The minor was traced from a cell phone call to a hotel in Sacramento , where she was found with Pearmain on April 30 , the complaint said . He was immediately taken into custody , and the girl was placed in protective custody . Authorities said they also found a black notebook in Pearmain 's possession with a script apparently for the girl to read from if confronted by police . Balletto was taken into custody on May 1 when he was found in a trailer on the property that had been under surveillance . According to the complaint , the minor said she worked for Balletto by trimming the marijuana plants on what she referred to as the "  farm . " The girl then went on to describe an ordeal of being held in the box twice "  for a total of approximately three days , " according to the complaint . She said both men "  engaged in multiple sex acts with her , " and Balletto "  told her she was a ` trooper ' because she did n't scream in the box , " the complaint said . "  A poem signed by  the girl  found in Balletto 's trailer described her life as being locked inside a box with holes in it , " the complaint added . At the property , authorities found the two greenhouses with 970 individually potted and irrigated marijuana plants , according to the complaint . Authorities later found a third greenhouse with an additional 346 plants . Authorities also uncovered a stash of weapons including , assault rifles , pistols , shotguns , loaded magazines , night-vision scopes , ballistic face masks and gas masks , body armor and a large cache of assorted ammunition , according to the complaint . The Northern District of California U.S. attorney 's office said a search of Balletto 's residence uncovered even more weapons , including several sniper rifles and additional assault rifles . Lake County Sheriff 's Department Lt. Chris Chwialkowski said the stash was one of the largest collection of weapons seized in his department 's history . Tatum King , acting special agent in charge of investigations for the Homeland Security office in San Francisco , which mounted the federal narcotics investigation , said , "  The criminal groups involved in growing and trafficking marijuana have repeatedly shown they have no qualms about using violence and intimidation against those who get in their way . "  In this case the alleged victim was only 15 years old . "	Two suspects make brief court appearances A teen tells authorities she worked on a marijuana "  farm " in California She says she was placed in a coffin-like box by two men and held for hours She reports both men "  engaged in multiple sex acts with her "
CNN  -- Embattled country singer Mindy McCready fought for custody of her son in an Arkansas courtroom Friday , a little more than a week after she was accused of fleeing with the 5-year-old and refusing to return the boy for days . The judge in the case made no decision in the custody hearing , which pitted McCready against her mother . The hearing was continued to a later date , said Kat Atwood , McCready 's publicist . "  Mindy and her family are pleased the courts are handling this case with care , " Atwood said . The judge could decide whether the boy stays in foster care under Arkansas state custody , goes to his grandmother 's home in Florida or goes to McCready 's home , CNN affiliate KARK reported . This custody battle became national news after McCready took her son from her mother 's Florida home in late November and had asked a court to restore custody to her out of concern over the boy 's safety . On December 1 , a Florida judge issued an emergency "  pick up " order for young Zander McCready . Days after the order , McCready was found by authorities hiding in a closet with her son in a home in Arkansas . The boy was then taken into the custody of the Arkansas Division of Children and Family Services . Until recently , the boy had been living with Mindy McCready 's mother and stepfather , Gayle and Michael Inge , who have legal custody . The singer , who has fought a public battle against drug addiction , has visitation rights . The singer burst on the music scene in 1996 with the debut album "  10,000 Angels " and the chart-topping country hit "  Guys Do It All the Time . " McCready participated in the 2009 season of the reality TV show "  Celebrity Rehab With Dr. Drew . " A biography on her website says she had an "  explosive relationship " with the boy 's father , Billy McKnight , who also is a country singer . McKnight released a statement about the incident just after the boy was found in Arkansas . "  As we move forward from this incident , please remember that everyone has the ability to make positive changes in their life , " the statement said .	A judge could decide if McCready 's son lives with the singer or the boy 's grandmother No decision has been made in the case McCready took her son late last month , but she does not have legal custody The boy is in foster care in Arkansas
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- Court hearings began Friday for 11 people , including two Spanish professional football players and a Serb-French football agent , who were arrested this week on charges of cocaine smuggling , a police source told CNN . Spanish police allege the group smuggled the drugs in from Argentina . The 11 are accused of taking advantage of their football contacts in Latin America , and their trips to the region , to organize the drug trafficking . Spanish police made the arrests on Thursday , mainly in Madrid , and seized 600 kilos  1,320 pounds  of cocaine they alleged had been shipped from Argentina to Spain earlier this month . The suspected leader of the group was identified as Zoran Matijevic , a Serb-born football agent , the international football federation , who now holds French citizenship , according to a police statement and the police source . His aides in the alleged scheme included Pedrag Stankovic , a former player on the second-division Hercules team from Alicante in southeast Spain ; Carlos de la Vega Diaz , a current player for the second-division Rayo Vallecano team in Madrid , and Pablo Acosta , a football agent , according to the statement and the police source . The investigation began in the middle of 2008 after police began to notice a group running drugs from South America to Spain . A container with 45 packages of cocaine -- linked to the suspects -- was hidden in wind farm machinery . It left an Argentine port in February , stopped in Tangiers , Morocco and then crossed the Strait of Gibraltar , docking in the southern Spanish port of Algeciras . The cocaine container was finally driven by truck to Madrid , but before the suspects could get the cocaine and distribute it , the police moved in , arresting seven suspects in Madrid , three in the southeast port of Valencia and another in Alicante . The suspects include a Peruvian national , the police statement said . Authorities say Spain -- with its extensive coastline on the Atlantic and the Mediterranean -- is a major point of entry for drugs , for use in Spain or to be shipped elsewhere in the European Union .	Two professional footballers and agent among 11 accused of drug smuggling Spanish police accuse group of bringing in cocaine from Argentina Suspected leader of group was identified as Zoran Matijevic , a football agent
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A hearing is set for Monday in a case involving actress Lindsay Lohan after an arrest warrant was issued for her Friday , officials said . A warrant issued for Lindsay Lohan apparently stems from her 2007 drunken driving convictions , police said . Lohan 's attorney told CNN the warrant was issued "  out of a misunderstanding . " It was not known whether she would attend the hearing Monday . The warrant was issued by a Los Angeles Superior Court judge in Beverly Hills , California . It apparently stems from Lohan 's 2007 convictions for drunken driving , police said Friday . She is serving three years probation . Sandi Gibbons of the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office told CNN on Sunday the warrant is believed to be in connection with a possible probation violation . The district attorney 's office prosecuted the original 2007 case , she said . The hearing is set to begin sometime after 8:30 a.m. , she said . Lohan "  has the right to appear " at the hearing , said Alan Parachini , Los Angeles Superior Court spokesman . "  That decision is up to her . " Lohan 's attorney , Shawn Chapman Holley , told CNN on Sunday that she will appear at the hearing on Lohan 's behalf . "  Since her case was resolved , Ms. Lohan has been in compliance with all the terms and conditions of her probation and all orders of the court , " Holley said in a statement . "  The warrant issued on Friday was , in our view , born out of a misunderstanding which I am confident I can clear up next week , " Holley said . Police said Saturday they were not actively seeking Lohan , as they would not usually go after a person to take them into custody in such cases . Beverly Hills police Sgt. Mike Foxen said on Friday authorities were hoping Lohan would turn herself in . Lohan was arrested twice in 2007 on driving under the influence charges , with a cocaine possession charge in the second incident . The first arrest , in May 2007 , came after Lohan lost control of her Mercedes-Benz convertible and struck a curb in Beverly Hills . Just two weeks after checking out of a Malibu drug and alcohol rehab facility , she was arrested again in July 2007 after a woman called Santa Monica police saying Lohan was trying to run her down in a car . A judge sentenced Lohan to three years probation after she entered guilty and no contest pleas to the charges . Lohan 's acting career , which started at age 10 on a soap opera , took off on the big screen a year later when she played both identical twins in Disney 's "  The Parent Trap . " Since then , she has starred in at least a dozen movies , including "  Georgia Rule " with Jane Fonda in 2007 . Her pop music recording career , boosted by her movie roles , has floundered in the past year . Her last album was released in 2005 . CNN 's Irving Last contributed to this report .	Arrest warrant was issued for actress Lindsay Lohan in Beverly Hills on Friday Warrant believed connected with possible probation violation , D.A. 's office says Lohan 's attorney blames misunderstanding Actress was convicted of drunken driving in 2007
CNN  -- What could be more powerful than the tears of a Native American Indian ? Wax on , wax off : Does it make you want to save the rainforests ? Iron Eyes Cody was the face of the Keep American Beautiful campaign of 1971 whose tears marked the plight of the environment , but more importantly kept the problems of pollution in the minds of millions . From teary Native Americans to witty skits or doom-ladened eco-horror scenarios , the environmental campaign video then has long been a powerful tool for environmental groups to spread their message and raise pubic attention . The rise of YouTube and other video sharing web sites has now meant that individuals can broadcast their own eco-awareness messages and form their own social action networks . But what makes a good video and how much impact do they have ? Is it better to be funny or shocking ? When you see Harrison Ford getting his chest waxed , do you immediately think about saving the rainforests ? Or does the sight of celebrity pontificating about the plight of the environment make you want to watch their next film rather calculate your carbon footprint . We 've featured three different videos that we like and want to know which ones you think are the best . Watch the featured videos " Let us know which eco videos have got you going by using the Sound Off box below . Or , e-mail us at ecosolutions@cnn.com . We also want to feature your own environmental videos here on CNN 's Eco Solutions . Use the iReport form to send in your film and you could find your environmental efforts make even more impact than Harrison Ford 's chest .	Nominate your favorite environmental campaign video Rate our featured videos , including Harrison Ford getting his chest waxed Send in your own videos using our iReport page
CNN  -- City life can be stressful . Johannesburg life can be hair-pullingly , nail-bitingly , heart-attackingly stressful . So leaving the city once in a while is essential . "  I love the diversity and anonymity of Joburg , " says management consultant Genevieve De Carcenac , who moved to Joburg from a sleepy village in northern Kwazulu-Natal 17 years ago . "  People have such drive here and it 's the hip and happening place to be in South Africa . But it 's quite a pressurized environment and this forces you to get out when you can . "  You need to unwind in big sky country . " Here are four places to do just that . Pilanesberg National Park Some Joburgers turn their noses up at this game reserve , saying it 's like a zoo . That 's because it has tarred roads and is only a couple hours drive away . But it 's pretty big  220 square miles  , malaria-free , has the Big Five and the animals are definitely wild , judging by the bull elephant that charged me last time I visited . The best way to appreciate the park is to pack a few cool ones and some meat and start the day with a fry-up at one of the many braais provided . It 's very do-able to spend just a day at the park , located west of Pretoria . There are gravel roads to escape the crowds and although guided safari drives are available it 's more fun to drive yourself . You 'd be pretty unlucky not to see some impressive animals . South Africans are generous about sharing sightings so if someone waves you down , they may want to point out where to go . Accommodation ranges from camping to luxury lodges . If you like being in nature but not roughing it , an executive safari tent at Bakgatla Resort  Bakgatla Resort ; Bakgatla Gate ; +27 14 555 1045  is around R1700  $ 160  in peak season . Or for a surreal experience , Sun City  Sun City ; +27 14 557 1000  borders the park . The themed resort is South Africa 's Las Vegas and takes kitsch to a new level -- but can be pretty fun . Pilanesberg National Park Drakensberg mountains South Africans refer to this range as simply the Berg  mountains  -- as if there were really only one that counts . Depending on where you go it takes three to five hours to drive here from Joburg , but it feels like another world . With peaks up to 3,500 meters high , the Berg are one of the most spectacular mountain ranges in the world and where Joburgers come for a complete change . The contrast with city life could not be more stark , from the wide open spaces instead of electric fences and a slower rural pace of life instead of constant rush . The Northern Berg are closest to Joburg and bounded by an eight-kilometer high rock escarpment . To lie on the grass gazing up at the escarpment from Thendele  uKhahlamba-Drakensberg Park 036 438 6411 ; from R900  $ 84.50   , a hutted camp in its shadow , is an uplifting experience . There are day hikes of varying lengths from here up the Tugela Falls waterfall . Avoid the R74 when driving to the northern Berg . An 18-kilometer section is still unfinished and avoiding the potholes and navigating through the frequent mists while trying not to drop off the edge is terrifying . The Central Berg encompasses some of the most challenging peaks such as Cathedral Peak and Giant 's Castle . Detailed maps and preferably guides are needed for hiking here -- snow , floods , arduous climbs and snakes make it a serious prospect . Cathedral Peak is popular with South Africans families and has fantastic facilities , but the decor is decidedly 1980s . You can stay in a dorm  from R150  $ 14   or a traditional rondavel  from R250  $ 23.50   at Inkosana Lodge  Inkosana Lodge ; R600 ; +27 36 4681202  , which has a great asset in the form of owner and former mountaineer Ed . Midlands Rolling green fields , cows , drizzle and mist . Not England , but the Midlands three hours drive south of Joburg in KwaZulu-Natal . The area was originally settled by British farmers . The dairy cows lead a happy existence here , making for a delicious cream tea . The Midlands are lovely to visit in autumn or winter , when you can warm up around the fire after a stroll over the hills and eat and drink in one of the many excellent hotels . Staying at Hartford House  Hartford House ; Hlatikulu Road , Mooi River ; +27 33 263 2713  is like being in the middle of a posh English country estate . It 's also a working stud farm , housing famous stallions from racing history , which you can visit on a tour . The restaurant is one of the best in South Africa , a blend of classical and inventive use of local ingredients . The Midlands Meander is n't that easy to navigate , mainly due to the ridiculous ye olde worlde names given to places that tell you nothing about what they offer . There are several interesting micro-breweries and craft shops along the way . Tsonga shoes are locally made and benefit rural communities .  They 're also the most comfortable shoes I 've ever worn in my life . The Midlands are a convenient base to visit the famous battlefields around the towns of Ladysmith and Dundee . It may seem like boring history but the stories behind the battles between British and Zulu warriors in the green foothills are spell-binding . Magliesberg You 'd describe this ancient mountain range as pleasant , rather than awesome like the Drakensberg . But it 's under two hours from Joburg and a great place to breathe fresh air and recharge . There 's a 120 kilometer-long mountain range to explore , as well as forests , streams and Hartebeesport Dam , which borders the Magliesberg in the east . I only have one moan , and that 's the lack of public walking trails . The only way around it is to join a guided walk on private land , pay for day access or stay somewhere you can hike . You can burn off some stress walking at Mountain Sanctuary  Mountain Sanctuary ; Maanhaarrand Road ; +27 14 534 0114  nature reserve and cool off by jumping into the clear rock pools . This is also a lovely place to stay , either camping  R100  $ 9.40   or in a log cabin  R450  $ 42.30   . I also like Kashan Country House  Steynshoop Mountain Lodge ; Steynshoop Farm Hekpoort ; 014 576 1035  , right at the foot of the mountains and that does simple but delicious food . Magalies Sleepy River campsite  Magalies Sleepy River ; R560 ; +27 82 555 9681  has lots of shady spots . Though many South Africans view camping as an excuse for a party and it can get pretty rowdy . The Magliesberg Canopy Tour  Magliesberg Canopy Tour ; Sparkling Waters Hotel ; +27  0  14 535 0150  is not for those with a fear of heights . You slide down cables between platforms perched high on the rock face  R495  $ 46.50  . There 's also a fantastic view of the mountains from a hot air balloon , operated by several companies . Claire Hu is a wine , food , culture and travel journalist based in South Africa .	The Drakensberg mountains are just a few hours from Johannesburg , but feel like another world The Midlands are a convenient base to visit famous battlefields around the towns of Ladysmith and Dundee Magliesberg is a great place to breathe fresh air and mess about on the river
London , England  CNN  -- European officials expressed frustration at Russia and Ukraine 's inability to enforce an agreement to resume delivery of natural gas , amid heat and cooking gas shortages and sub-zero temperatures endured by millions of people . A woman passes in front of a manometer set on a gas pipe in the Ukrainian city of Boyarka , near Kiev . German Chancellor Angela Merkel was expected to meet Friday with Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and his Ukrainian counterpart Yulia Timoshenko in an emergency meeting in Berlin . Merkel said she was likely to reinforce the EU 's position as a natural gas customer . "  There is a risk that the confidence in Russia may be lost due to the ongoing disruption , " said Merkel . On Thursday European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso urged Ukraine and Russia to quickly implement a compromise that would return natural gas deliveries from Russia 's Gazprom 's pipelines through the Ukraine as soon as possible . "  If the agreement is not honored , it means that Russia and Ukraine are no longer to be considered reliable partners for the EU in matters of energy supply , " said Barroso . Ukraine is a major entry point for Russian gas into Europe . Russia and Ukraine 's dispute over pricing and contractual terms began nearly a year ago , escalating into the present crisis that has prompted Russia to turn off its taps . Both nations help deliver about 25 percent of Europe 's natural gas . In the long term , the EU eyed plans to build a pipeline to purchase natural gas from Central Asia and eventually Iraq and Iran . It was also building up infrastructure to import liquefied gas from North Africa and the Middle East and exploring nuclear energy . During Wednesday 's open session , European Parliament members and commissioners lashed out , with EU Energy Commissioner Andris Piebalgs saying , "  We are living through one of the most serious energy crises yet-comparable with the 1970s oil crisis . " "  Despite promises and the protocol signed on Monday , gas is not yet flowing from Russia through Ukraine . " Piebalgs said Russia had resumed gas deliveries on Tuesday , at one-third of normal flow , but Ukraine had stopped it claiming that Russia had chosen a difficult entry point . Eastern Europe was experiencing a historic low in temperatures and Siberian weather conditions . When Russia 's natural gas delivery was halted , it relied on its stockpile , which is quickly running out . Croatia 's government has declared pre-alert measures and announced gas shutdowns for everyone except for households , hospitals , schools and kindergartens . In the capital city of Zagreb , businesses are losing money due to the shortage , an estimated 10,000 Euros a day . Five hundred companies have been cut-off so far . Danijel Zadijeloviae , owner of Lipik Glass , said the shortages have lost his business millions of Euros . "  If we had lost gas for only a second , it would caused us damages of up to 3 and a half million euros , " he said . CNN 's Jim Boulden and Matthew Chance contributed to this report .	NEW : Merkel says Russia risks the loss of confidence due to disruption EU is building up infrastructure to import liquefied gas from North Africa , Mideast Ukraine government says it has agreed to hold talks with Russia over gas row Dispute leaves countries across Europe with gas shortages
It 's thought to be the most-trafficked mammal in the world , but few people know that it exists . I recently introduced CNN Digital readers to the pangolin as part of my Change the List project , which focuses on bottom-of-the-list issues and places . See all of the pangolin stories at CNN.com / Change . The pangolin is a rare , scale-covered animal that rolls up into a ball to protect itself from predators and has a tongue that 's longer than its body . It would be a shame if it went extinct simply because people are trafficking it for its meat and scales , which are ground up and used in traditional medicine in Vietnam and China . That could happen before people learn how interesting and important it is . I hope you 'll use your voice to advocate for this loveable underdog . Here are seven ways you can help save the humble pangolin . 1 . Fund a pangolin PSA in Vietnam At least 10,000 pangolins are thought to be trafficked illegally each year . The trade , of course , would end if we could figure out how to curb the demand for pangolin in Vietnam and China , the two main consumer countries for pangolin products . The good folks at Education for Nature Vietnam , based in Hanoi , are trying to do just that -- and they will produce a pangolin-focused public service announcement to air on television in Vietnam if they can raise $ 5,000 for the effort . That 's just to cover the costs of production . • Donate here : There 's a link at top right for pangolin donations . I 'll let you know whether enough money is raised to create the ad . Doug Hendrie , a technical adviser and manager of the group 's wildlife crime and investigations unit , told me the PSA would be finished this year or early 2015 . The PSA probably would focus on curbing demand for pangolin scales , which are easy enough to find a traditional medicine shops in Hanoi , even though selling the animals is illegal . The group has a history of making these PSAs and has produced them for a number of species  here 's one called "  Killing tigers will not impress anyone "  but never the pangolin . 2 . Support other worthy organizations Environmental groups , on the whole , are doing far too little to support pangolin research and conservation . That 's partly because they think the public loves all of the conventionally cute animals -- rhinos , tigers , elephants -- but does n't care about oddballs like the pangolin . Help change their minds by donating to these CNN-vetted groups that are working to help stop the pangolin trade and are funding research to learn more about these secretive animals . • TRAFFIC : the wildlife trade monitoring network • Wildlife Conservation Society  pangolin donation page • Annamiticus • Education for Nature Vietnam 3 . Petition Disney : Get a pangolin in an animated film ! Part of the pangolin 's problem is that it 's just not popular like the animals that end up in Disney Pixar cartoons . If more people cared about the pangolin -- or even knew that it existed -- it might find a certain level of protection in celebrity . If someone starts a petition asking Disney Pixar to make a cartoon with a pangolin in it , I 'll sign it , share it widely and put the link here . You can do that in a few clicks at Change.org or We the People . The pangolin would make a great cartoon character : shy , curious and able to roll down hills like a basketball . The heroic introvert ! UPDATE : Sign this reader-started Change.org petition : "  Help beautiful and mysterious pangolins by featuring them in an animated movie ! " 4 . Read "  Roly Poly Pangolin " to your kids Anna Dewdney , author of the "  Llama llama " series of children 's books , wrote a fun little book called "  Roly Poly Pangolin , " about a shy animal that learns to find a friend . A portion of the book 's proceeds go the Carnivore and Pangolin Conservation Program at Cuc Phuong National Park in Vietnam , which rescues pangolins and prepares them for release back into the wild . 5 . Spread the word : Help us make the pangolin popular Disney 's great , but -- also -- who needs Disney ? There are plenty of things you can do on your own to spread awareness about the pangolin . Share this story . Share the main piece in this series -- "  The most trafficked mammal you 've never heard of " -- and share these some of these educational  and entertaining  pangolin resources : • IUCN Pangolin Specialist Group : A group of researchers and conservationists dedicated to finding out more about the pangolin and raising its international profile . • Honey Badger II : The guy behind that viral honey badger video made a new  hilarious  video about pangolins as part of this CNN project . Check it out on his YouTube channel . • SavePangolins.org : A great website with lots of info about what makes pangolins unique . It also has other ideas about how people can get involved . 6 . Demand better law enforcement in Southeast Asia In Vietnam , it was n't hard at all for me to find pangolin scales and meat for sale . And in Indonesia , I heard that parks have only a small fraction of the rangers they would need to adequately protect the pangolin and other endangered wildlife . Bribes and corruption are commonplace . Help pressure these countries to take the illegal pangolin trade seriously . They could shut it down with more funding and effort . Currently , this species is too low of a priority . Two groups working to do that are TRAFFIC , which operates throughout Southeast Asia , and Education for Nature Vietnam , a nonprofit in Hanoi . Both conduct their own wildlife crime investigations and work with authorities to break up these networks . 7 . Submit a better name for P26 , a pangolin in Vietnam The Carnivore and Pangolin Conservation Program released a pangolin named P26 into the wild in late March . What kind of name is that ? It sounds like a robot . Help come up with a better name for the pangolin . CNN readers are basically adopting this little guy , and we 'll be following his journey as he acclimates to the wild .	Pangolins are thought to be the most-trafficked mammals in the world Conservationists fear that they could go extinct before people realize they exist John Sutter offers seven ways for readers to make sure that does n't happen Help a group in Vietnam create a pangolin PSA , and fund worthy research
CNN  -- A fire broke out at a Rihanna concert in Dallas on Friday night , forcing the event to end early . A video posted on YouTube shows a fire burning at the top of the stage at the American Airlines Center , with some sparks falling toward the floor . Some people begin to stream out . The R&B and pop star posted several messages on Twitter following the incident . "  DALLAS !!! We set the stage on FYAH tonight !!! LITERALLY !!! I 'm so  mad  , I was havin so much fun wit yall too !!! I got ta come back man !! " the singer tweeted . CNN affiliate KTVT , citing attendees at the concert , said the fire apparently started from pyrotechnics that were part of the show . Dallas Fire-Rescue Captain Johnny Bates said a chair caught on fire , KTVT reported . "  One of our engine crews did enter the building but crew members with the AAC or concert put out the initial fire , " Bates said , according to KTVT . He added that there were no injuries . iReporter captured the fire On her Twitter account , Rihanna vowed to return to Dallas . "  Glad u guys are safe !!! I promise I 'll be back !!! " she tweeted . Shortly later , the singer also promised to keep fans updated on the situation . "  Heading into a production meeting to find out exactly what happened !!! Keep u posted "	A fire department captain says no one was injured , according to KTVT The singer vows to return to Dallas after the abbreviated concert KTVT : The small fire apparently started from pyrotechnics
CNN  -- A Washington watchdog group is calling for the University of North Carolina to investigate whether administrators broke state law when a whistleblowing employee 's credibility was repeatedly and publicly attacked following a CNN investigation into the reading levels of student-athletes . The Government Accountability Project  GAP  , a 37-year-old group that says it leads the nation in whistleblower protection , urged the inquiry in a letter to UNC-Chapel Hill Chancellor Carol Folt on March 6 , which the project made public Friday . The group expresses alarm about university officials ' treatment of instructor and tutor Mary Willingham , who alleges the Chapel Hill campus has enrolled student-athletes with reading levels near the lowest elementary grades . In response to GAP 's letter , university spokeswoman Karen Moon and Vice Chancellor for Communications Joel Curran told CNN in an e-mail that the university insists it is committed to accountability and will be as transparent as possible in the controversy . About the group 's demand for an investigation , the two school officials cited how the university has already hired a Washington attorney to conduct an independent inquiry of "  academic irregularities " that relate to another controversy involving student-athletes . That attorney , Kenneth L. Wainstein , who had worked at the U.S. Justice Department for 19 years , may or may not look into alleged violations of the whistleblower law involving Willingham , according to the officials . "  How he proceeds , to whom he talks and what questions he asks will be up to him , " they said . "  The University will cooperate fully with Mr. Wainstein and ensure that he has the full access he needs to complete his work . " Wainstein could n't be immediately reached for comment Saturday . Group has harsh language for comments In their letter , the government watchdogs allege at least three instances since January in which it says UNC officials responded poorly to Willingham 's claims that she tutored and researched athletes in revenue-generating sports who were reading at levels as low as third grade . The group noted that after Willingham spoke to CNN , UNC immediately challenged her , saying in a press release "  we do n't believe that claim . " But GAP President Louis Clark said the comments of UNC Provost James Dean in the ensuing days were particularly offensive . In January , at a public faculty meeting , Dean verbally attacked Willingham 's credibility and called her research "  unworthy of this university , " according to Clark 's letter . Dean also mischaracterized her research as being critical of all athletes when she had been very clear that it dealt with a sample of about 180 athletes , Clark said . Several days later , Dean flew to New York for an in-person interview with the Bloomberg news outlet . Dean denounced Willingham 's findings and called them "  a lie . " When the Bloomberg reporter asked Dean whether he stood by those comments , Dean said he misspoke . Dean has not since spoken publicly on the topic and declined through a representative a CNN request for comment . University spokeswoman Moon stated there "  has been no need for Provost Dean to offer any additional comments . " Clark , in GAP 's press release , said that the reaction from Dean and other UNC officials was "  disgraceful , morally wrong and legally questionable . " He asked Chancellor Folt to investigate whether UNC 's whistleblower policy -- which relies on state law because it 's a state institution -- was violated . A chilling effect ? GAP says the policy states that employees should be "  free of intimidation or harassment . " "  It is simply unacceptable for a person in a position of such authority to make disparaging comments about an employee who has raised legitimate and important concerns about the education of student-athletes , " the letter states . "  The effect of these actions is that UNC-CH is perceived as a bully who is intent on publicly smearing a well-meaning employee rather than fairly addressing the substance of the concerns being raised , " the letter says , referring to the main Chapel Hill campus . Clark also wrote that UNC 's response and Dean 's comments have a damaging and chilling effect on whistleblowers . That 's something Willingham alleges she has already experienced . Willingham said that in hundreds of e-mails privately supporting her , very few people -- at a diverse set of academic institutions -- say they are willing to imperil their careers by publicly talking about the issue of athlete literacy , let alone voicing support for her work . Echoing that , many people who have talked to CNN since January have sought anonymity , noting the criticism of Willingham and the death threats that she received in the days after CNN 's initial report . Among those is the psychologist who administered the tests that Willingham used to determine the reading levels of the athletes she studied . The psychologist stands behind Willingham , but asked CNN not to use her name because she feared for her personal safety . CNN has n't published her name . School asserts her data is flawed Meanwhile , the university continues its assertions that Willingham 's research was flawed , despite her claims that she personally tutored almost every one of the athletes in her study . UNC is expected to release a second review of Willingham 's data in the coming days . In a related matter , another university-sanctioned review of academic fraud is under way . Last month , Folt announced the university hired Wainstein , a business fraud attorney , to take another look at the so-called "  paper class scandal , " where athletes allegedly were taking classes in which the only requirement was completing a single paper . Wainstein also served as homeland security adviser under President George W. Bush . Willingham , who has worked with athletes for several years , also helped expose the paper class scandal two years ago in the Raleigh News & Observer . Despite seven prior reviews , that scandal continues to nag the university as officials insist it was the doing of a single professor . Willingham says the existence of such classes was well-known , and athletes who could n't read were steered toward them . The accused professor , Julius Nyang ` oro , has been indicted on a fraud charge related to the scandal . He has pleaded not guilty . Earlier this month , District Attorney Jim Woodall of Orange and Chatham counties announced that the criminal probe is over , and no one else will be charged .	Government Accountability Project demands a probe in a letter to UNC-Chapel Hill An attorney hired to look into another case may -- or may not -- do probe , UNC says Mary Willingham exposed how UNC enrolls student-athletes reading at third-grade level UNC 's whistleblower policy says employees should be "  free of intimidation "
The sight of Dr. Kent Brantly , a victim of the Ebola virus , walking from an ambulance to the Emory University Hospital in Atlanta in his hazmat suit may become an iconic photo of modern American history . Brantly served the poor and infirm and put his own life in jeopardy serving patients in Liberia , so you would think that he would be received as a hero , admired for his work , and held up as an example of the highest calling of his profession and his religion . The same is true of his colleague , American Liberia volunteer Nancy Writebol , who just arrived in the States for treatment . But not everyone seems to think so . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta has received hate e-mails and phone calls . An op-ed in Bloomberg View questions who made the decision to bring Brantly home , and social media is abuzz with demands that Ebola victims not be admitted to the United States at all . The New York Post proclaimed "  Ebola fear is going viral " and quoted one of Donald Trump 's tweets : "  Ebola patient will be brought to the U.S. in a few days -- Now I know for sure that our leaders are incompetent . KEEP THEM OUT OF HERE ! " This kind of reaction is , unfortunately , nothing new for the United States . The U.S. has a history of irrational panic over disease and other perceived dangers , of behaving badly about them and then feeling remorseful later . Perhaps it all started with the Salem witch trials , which became the template for similar panics throughout our history . Ebola is here : 5 reasons not to panic The American fear that an epidemic was corrupting our health , our morals , or our children has inspired movements to ban the waltz , rock and roll , romance novels , comic books , and Dungeons and Dragons . Of course , unlike dancing or computer games , disease really can cause epidemics and threaten our health and our lives . Early in an epidemic , especially of a new disease , we are often unsure of the cause , the mode of transmission , or the degree of contagiousness of a disease . What is the risk of catching Ebola on a plane ? But even when we know the nature and cause of a disease , irrational panics still seem to grip us . As an issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association lamented , "  When the public fears contagion from a dangerous disease , all unselfish considerations and regard for anything except personal safety are often forgotten . " The quote is from an article in 1910 , and refers to the public 's fear that cancer was contagious and belief that people with the disease should be isolated and shunned . It seems , a century later , we have still not learned our lesson . "  AIDS hysteria " became a familiar term in the late 1980s , and despite scientific certainty over its mode of transmission , a 1986 poll by the Los Angeles Times found that 50 % of the adults surveyed supported a quarantine of AIDS patients , 48 % approved of identity cards for people who tested positive for the antibody to the virus , and 15 % favored tattooing AIDS victims for easy identification . Like Ebola , HIV-AIDS is not spread casually . But also like Ebola , AIDS was first associated with a minority population feared by many in the majority . Infection seems somehow all the worse when spread by those we fear or disdain . What to know about Ebola The stories of cruelty and lack of compassion for those who suffered from AIDS are well documented and relegated to the history of American shame . Yet the compassionate treatment of the sick is a fundamental tenet of all the major religions , East and West , and forms the moral basis of the American medical and public health systems . American citizens , especially those who become sick through service to the needy in other parts of the world , need to know that America stands ready to welcome them back and to care for them as best we can . We know exactly how Ebola is contracted and how it spreads . We have perfectly safe procedures to keep it contained . Despite the severity of the outbreak in Africa , Ebola is not spread quickly like the flu or a cold . It involves contact with bodily fluids that are easily contained with the proper precautions . American hospitals deal with such infectious diseases every day -- in fact , the Ebola virus has been in research labs all over the United States for years without an incident of infection . Visitors to the United States have brought other African hemorrhagic fevers like Ebola with them , and have been discovered and treated here . How many cases have these infectious visitors -- who were not in hazmat suits and isolation rooms -- spread to other Americans ? None . There are two epidemics in the world today . The first is a troubling spread of the Ebola virus in poor countries in Africa , an outbreak that is the result of poverty , inattention by those countries ' political leaders , and a general lack of concern by the wealthier nations about epidemics that do n't yet seem to directly affect them . But the second epidemic is a more dangerous one . It is a spreading lack of compassion , characterized by disaster fatigue , helplessness in the face of war refugees , intolerance for immigration , and now , the desire to ban even American citizens who are sick and need our help . The second epidemic seems harder to contain than the first , but it is every bit as important .	Donald Trump , bloggers , op-ed writers say we should keep Americans with Ebola out Paul Wolpe : After putting lives on the line , infected Americans should be treated as heroes Wolpe : Panic , fear drive discrimination , hate . We should have learned from AIDS hysteria He says we show no compassion in wanting to ban sick Americans who need help
CNN  -- For even the sport 's most ardent fans , Formula One can be confusing -- it is governed by a set of ever-evolving rules dominated by talk of technical specifications . So if you are a sports enthusiast who is considering checking out the race action when the 2012 season begins in Australia on Sunday , it is more than likely you will have a few questions . Posers such as , "  How long can a race go on for ? " Or , "  Why do they use so many tires ? " Or maybe even , "  Why does the front of the car look so weird ? " Some of the changes are more technical , the main one involving exhaust diffusion -- a big bone of contention in the past two seasons . In the gallery above , CNN has attempted to explain and simplify the host of rule changes which have been brought in ahead of the new campaign so you can fully appreciate all of the elite motorsport 's thrills and spills .	The 2012 Formula One season begins this weekend with the Australian Grand Prix The sport 's governing body have come up with new rules and amended existing ones Many of the cars for the new campaign feature a dramatic stepped-nose design Grands prix in 2012 will have a maximum time limit of four hours
CNN  -- Italian football champions Juventus plan to appeal against the 10-month ban that coach Antonio Conte has received after failing to report match-fixing when he managed Serie B side Siena . Conte and his Juve assistant Angelo Alessio , who was also at Siena , were suspended by the Italian Football Federation  FIGC  following a police investigation over allegations of "  sporting fraud and fraudulent association " in relation to a league fixture against Novara in April 2011 . While earlier charges of direct involvement in match-fixing have been dropped , the FIGC maintain Conte was aware of the corruption taking place during his tenure at Siena . Last season Juventus won the Serie A title for the first time since being stripped of two scudettos and relegated in 2006 after another match-fixing scandal . "  The club underlines its full support for Antonio Conte and Angelo Alessio , in the hope that their innocence will emerge during the appeals process , " said a Juventus statement . The gambling game : Soccer 's battle with betting Conte submitted a plea bargain earlier in August , in which he would have had to pay a â ‚ ¬ 200,000  $ 245,000  fine and serve a three-month suspension , but the FICG rejected a more lenient sanction . The former Juventus captain , 43 , led his side to back into the Champions League after managing them through an entire season without suffering a defeat , but came under official investigation in June after his first season at the helm of the Serie A giants . "  He is not being accused of match-fixing himself , and with appeal the sentence may be reduced to five months . It 's enormous scandal , and it goes way beyond Conte , " John Foot , author of "  Calcio : A History of Italian Football , " told CNN . In total , 13 clubs and 44 members of Italian League football are alleged to have been involved in the betting scandal investigation including Siena , which accepted a six-point deduction last week as part of a plea bargain . Serie B sides Lecce and Grosseto have been excluded from Italy 's second division for the 2012-13 season , and their former presidents Giovanni Semeraro and Piero Camilli face five-year suspensions . Six other players -- Leonardo Bonucci , Simone Pepe , Marco di Vaio , Salvatore Masiello , Daniele Padelli and Giuseppe Vives -- have been acquitted of the charges against them . South East Asia betting In May , Italian police descended on the national team 's Euro 2012 training base to speak to defender Domenico Criscito as part of a wide-ranging investigation into match fixing . The 25-year-old , formerly of Genoa but now at Russian club Zenit St. Petersburg , was questioned by officials probing gambling markets linked to fixing results of matches in the Italian top flight . A total of 19 people were arrested in the ongoing investigation by magistrates in Cremona , 11 of them players in Italy 's top division . "  The top people are still there and no-one has resigned , " said Foot , Professor of Modern Italian History at University College London . "  The authorities have come close to uncovering the networks a few times in recent years , but they 've really got it now . They have found a network that goes to Singapore and China -- it 's an international network . " Football 's world governing body FIFA is waiting for the FIGC to report on the scandal . "  FIFA is currently waiting to receive all relevant documents from the Italian FA  FIGC  pertaining to the case and will then evaluate the next steps , " it said . "  This includes the potential extension of sanctions to have worldwide effect , in accordance with the FIFA Disciplinary Code . " Long-running saga Since February , FIFA has extended 39 domestic sanctions in Turkey , Finland , Korean Republic and Croatia in an attempt to preserve the integrity of the sport . It said that South East Asia is "  widely considered as a center of legal and illegal betting . " FIFA said it has invested â ‚ ¬ 20 million  $ 24.5 million  as part of a global initiative to clamp down on corruption within football . The scheme targets illegal and irregular betting and match-fixing , which is estimated to be worth hundreds of millions of dollars a year in Asia alone . How can football tackle match fixing ? Friday 's announcement of FIGC 's punishments are the latest in a long-running saga that has cast a shadow over Italian football . Seventeen people were arrested in a similar swoop last year , the most high-profile of which was Atalanta captain Cristiano Doni . He was subsequently banned from the game for three years .	Juventus coach Antonio Conte banned from football for 10 months . Conte 's assistant Angelo Alessio also banned by Italian Federation Serie A champions Juventus to launch an appeal Six other Italian players acquitted of charges made against them
CNN  -- The lawyer representing two U.S. hikers jailed in Iran has been denied a request to visit his clients on the eve of their trial , he told CNN on Saturday . "  I asked to see them before the trial , but the judge told me I could n't , " said Masoud Shafii . The judge has granted Shafii permission to visit Shane Bauer and Josh Fattal for a few hours on Sunday prior to the start of the trial , Shafii said . Bauer and Fattal , both 28 , and Sarah Shourd , 32 , were detained July 31 , 2009 , after they allegedly strayed across an unmarked border into Iran while hiking in Iraq 's Kurdistan region . Prosecutors in Iran have charged them with spying and trespassing . Human rights groups have condemned their arrests and their lengthy wait for a trial in Tehran 's notorious Evin prison . Last September , Iranian authorities released Shourd on bail because of a medical condition . Shourd has not responded to a court summons this week to return and stand trial on Sunday , Shafii said . Iranian authorities said she will be tried in absentia if she does n't appear in court . Shafii told CNN he has reviewed his clients ' case file and does n't see any evidence of a crime . "  In my opinion , they have n't done anything wrong , " Shafii said . "  The accusation of spying is baseless , and if they trespassed into Iran , it was n't their fault . " Shafii said the border area where the hikers are accused of trespassing is unmarked and anyone could unwittingly cross over into Iran .	Lawyer Masoud Shafii says he was denied access to the hikers Saturday Shane Bauer and Josh Fattal have been in custody since July 2009 A third hiker , Sarah Shourd , was released on bail in September
Hong Kong  CNN  -- It 's a well known part of Hong Kong urban lore that an apartment where a violent death took place can often be bought for as much as 10-30 per cent off the market price . Depending on the type of death -- suicide , natural death or gruesome murder -- the house will become more or less hongza ; a Cantonese term that literally translates as "  calamity house " but effectively means the house is haunted . Less well known is that secretive databases that collate hongza addresses are playing on local superstitions to effectively control prices in one of the world 's most expensive real estate markets . The problem with hongza is that it spreads . Not only will a violent murder affect the price of the apartment where it took place , it will likely slash thousands off neighboring apartments -- and even the whole building . "  Databases do n't specify which apartments , data is incomplete : if an apartment has 30 or 40 storeys there 's a high probability all will be affected , " said Jacklyn Pun Ka-Yan , sales director at Many Wells Property Agent . Published information might specify the floor , but not the apartment where the death occurred . In some cases , only the building 's address appears . "  I think they should make it clear , they should not just state the entire floor as haunted , " Patrick Fong , whose flat is listed on the same floor as a hongza apartment , told CNN . Penthouse slums highlight Hong Kong 's wealth divide Once a property is listed on a database , however , there 's no way out , says Pun . Owners have little recourse in getting their properties removed from hongza lists . Meanwhile , the more than 5,000 real estate practitioners in the city , according to figures from the Society of Hong Kong Real Estate Agents , are bound to keep tabs on hongza properties following a 2004 court decision making it compulsory for estate agents to report houses with a dark history . The case found against Centaline Property , one of Hong Kong 's best-known real estate agencies , after a buyer pulled out of a transaction in 2001 when he discovered the apartment he planned to buy was hongza . "  If an estate agent acting for a purchaser knows , or ought to have known of the occurrence of a tragic incident in a property , and knew or ought reasonably to have known that this would materially affect the value of the property , that agent would owe a duty to alert its client to that fact , " Judge Benjamin Yu said in the judgment which also acknowledged that property values could be reduced ` between 25 to 30 % ' in the case of a murder or suicide in a flat . The agency was ordered to pay almost $ 40,000 as a result of failing to "  obtain information in relation to the properties , " Judge Yu wrote in his decision . This information is now supplied by unaccountable databases that have no oversight into how the lists are compiled . Repeated attempts by CNN to reach the most widely used information website , hk-compass . com , were unsuccessful . The page does not display the names of its managers . Hong Kong 's hot market in ` haunted ' houses Its contacts are listed behind Web Commerce Communications Limited with phone numbers under a Malaysian country code . WCC supplies an identification service , but does not run the website , one of its employees told CNN in a phone interview . Website hk-compass . com sells hongza data to realtors for about $ 42 a year , according to the price list on the site . "  We can only report the case to the authorities , we ca n't do anything because we do n't know who is behind this , " said Diamond Shea Hing-wan , President of the Hong Kong Owners ' Club . Meanwhile , Shea says , authorities have shown little enthusiasm for tackling a problem that is costing Hong Kong homeowners millions of dollars . "  We have contacted the Estate Agents Authority , but there 's no action , " Shea said , adding that he could only urge property owners to contact Shek Lai-him , a Hong Kong lawmaker who represents realtors on Hong Kong 's professional constituency government . Repeated interview requests with Shek were ignored and attempts to speak with the Transport and Housing Department were declined . For one disgruntled property owner , who asked to only be identified as Mr Chan due to the stigma associated with owning a cursed home , the solution to the problem is simple . "  I think the government could regulate the website so that the addresses on it are more detailed , " he said . Squarefoot , another hongza database , had 3438 entries in their database , as of October 2012 , the company told CNN . In some cases , only street addresses are listed , information that could effectively depreciate the value of whole buildings . The final number of property owners affected by a hongza listing is impossible to estimate and , with huge fortunes won or lost in one of the region 's most volatile property markets , few want to talk about it . "  The government will try not to do something they do n't think they can handle right now , " said Eddie Hui , Professor at the Department of Building and Real Estate of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University . Eudora Wong and Sergio Held contributed to this report	In Hong Kong , an apartment where a violent death has occurred can take 10-30 per cent off its market price Databases that track these incidents sell their services to real estate agents Owners complain that once their apartments appear on these lists , there 's no way to change the information A violent death in an apartment often affects the resale value of other homeowners on the same floor
CNN  -- A record number of rhinos have been killed this year in South Africa , fueled by the belief that their horns can cure cancer . An unsubstantiated belief on their healing powers is spreading in southeast Asia , sending clients paying top dollar for traditional cures , officials said . So far , 455 African rhinos have been killed this year , according to government officials . A total of 448 rhinos were killed last year . "  It is critical for the South African government to engage with consumer countries and to fight against international syndicates involved in illegal rhino horn trade , " said Dr. Jo Shaw , rhino coordinator for the WWF in South Africa . One of the nations linked to the trade is Vietnam and a collaboration action between the two against illegal rhino horn trade remains unsigned , according to Shaw . "  There is also an urgent need for law enforcement actions by neighboring countries implicated as transit routes for illegal trade in rhino horn , " the coordinator said . Conservation group Save the Rhino estimates that there are 25,000 rhinos in Africa . Of those , about 21,000 live in South Africa , the group says . "  Rhino numbers continue to grow in South Africa as more rhinos are being born than are dying , even when poaching mortalities are taken into account , " Shaw said . "  However , we are approaching the critical tipping point where rhino numbers go into decline and would undermine conservation efforts . " South African officials say they have arrested nearly 200 people linked to the trade , including about 20 who allegedly serve as couriers .	So far , 455 African rhinos have been killed this year , officials say The number surpasses last year 's killings "  It is critical for the South African government to engage with consumer countries , " expert says
CNN Student News  -- September 23 , 2013 CNN Student News begins the week in Kenya , as we report on a terrorist attack at a shopping mall in that nation 's capital . We also examine the potential impact of a powerful typhoon bearing down on China , and we hear how some prominent Chicagoans are hoping sports can help curb violence in the city . Plus , we meet a fast food worker whose act of kindness earned an outpouring of praise . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might media coverage of an approaching storm affect how people in its path prepare ? What positives and negatives might result from this coverage ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . terrorist attack 2 . typhoon 3 . "  peace tournament " Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . In what African capital did a terrorist attack occur at a shopping mall ? 2 . What areas have been affected by Typhoon Usagi ? 3 . How did a Minnesota fast food worker react after a blind customer accidentally dropped $ 20 ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What is your opinion of mall security drills , such as those used at the Mall of America ? In your view , what can be done to make public areas safer ? What do you think people can do to try to ensure their own safety in public ? 2 . What kinds of conditions do you think might foster gang presence in an area ? What impact might gangs have on a community ? What do you think people could do to reduce the negative impacts of gangs in their communities ? How effective do you think events like the "  peace tournament " can be in a community ? 3 . Why do you think a woman at a Minnesota Dairy Queen allegedly pocketed some money that a blind customer dropped ? What are your thoughts on the store manager 's reaction ? What would you have done if you had witnessed this ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Africa Nairobi , Kenya Asia China North America Chicago , Illinois FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Defending champions Manchester City salvaged a large chunk of pride when beating runaway Premier League leaders -- and city rivals -- Manchester United 2-1 to register consecutive wins at Old Trafford for the first time in 41 years . The game was played on the day that former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher died at the age of 87 , with Premier League officials choosing not to hold a minute 's silence in her honor . After a difficult season in which they failed to build upon their first title since 1968 , City will treasure a victory , with strikes from James Milner and Sergio Aguero either side of a Vincent Kompany own goal , that will make coach Roberto Mancini sleep a little easier . "  I think we showed we do n't deserve to stay 15 points behind , " the Italian told Sky Sports after the game . "  They have had more consistency in this championship because they won more games . "  Instead we lost points when we probably deserved to win . We showed we deserved to stay closer to the title but it is finished . " The Italian had claimed before the game that United were no better than his side , even if he did concede that they will deserve their title when it arrives , and will feel that the win justified his comments . However , he may still have to appease some fans after saying that his failure to land his top five transfer targets before the season - including United 's very own Robin van Persie , Chelsea 's Eden Hazard , Javi Martinez  Bayern Munich  , Lazio 's Daniele De Rossi and Daniel Agger of Liverpool - had cost his team its chance of glory this year . The defeat means that the earliest United , whose lead at the top was reduced to 12 points by second-placed City , can wrap up the title is Monday 22 April , when Alex Ferguson 's men host Aston Villa . Having been crushed 6-1 at home by their long-standing rivals last season , United had been expected to not only avenge that humiliation but also confirm with a convincing display that the balance of power had definitively shifted back in their favor . Prior to the game , former United defender Gary Neville had told United Review media that City 's handsome derby victory and dramatic title had led to erroneous claims in the media . "  Reports of -LSB- a power shift -RSB- misunderstood Manchester United , " said the former full back . "  Here is a manager and players who do n't understand phrases like ` power shift ' . They just make them more determined to ram such phrases back down people 's throats . " Disregarding Monday night 's disappointment , United -- who can no longer break the 100-point barrier -- certainly have shown an emphatic desire to reclaim a title they have already won 19 times . In fact , there is a direct parallel with two other major European leagues where traditionally dominant powers have rebounded from league failures to reclaim the title in convincing fashion . On Saturday , Bayern Munich -- who were pipped to the German championship by Borussia Dortmund last year -- beat Eintracht Frankfurt 1-0 to mark the earliest clinching of the league title in Bundesliga history , 20 points clear with six games still left to play . In Spain , Real Madrid hit the magical 100-point mark when beating great rivals Barcelona to the 2011-2012 title -- a failure which has focused the latter to such extent that they lead La Liga by 13 points with eight rounds left . With Montpellier way off the pace in the French league , the only one of the top five European leagues where the champion looks set to defend their trophy is in Italy , where Juventus boast a nine-point lead with seven games to go . Monday night 's anticipated Rome derby was overshadowed by pre-match violence , with two Roma supporters stabbed -- an incident which prompted Rome 's mayor to make a public appeal for calm . On the pitch , Brazilian Hernanes gave Lazio an early lead prior to missing a penalty in the second half , with Roma legend Francesco Totti making no mistake from 12 yards when handed a spot-kick of his own . Despite the dismissal of Lazio 's Giuseppe Bavia with 21 minutes to go , seventh-placed Roma could not find a winner that would have moved them above their city rivals into fifth place in Serie A. Reflecting on a calmer derby in England , victorious Manchester City captain Kompany feels that his side 's victory could play a pivotal role in the race for next season 's English championship . "  A derby is always a special game for us and to be able to win is massive , " said the Belgian . "  I do believe the way we finish this season will have an impact on how we do next season . "  This is a good win to have under our belt and we will take it into the next season . "	Manchester City win 2-1 at home of great rivals after goals from James Milner and Sergio Aguero Victory means City have won successive league games at Manchester United for first time in 41 years In Italy , drawn Rome derby is overshadowed by stabbing of two Roma fans
The joint industrial park , one of the key symbols of cooperation between North and South Korea , re-opened Monday after a five-month hiatus . South Korean vehicles and freight trucks waited in traffic as they prepared to cross through customs and immigration into the North Korean city of Kaesong , where the industrial park sits . Activity at the Kaesong Industrial Complex ground to a halt in April amid mounting tensions between the two neighbors . As tensions eased , intense negotiations to re-open the complex resumed after several false starts . Choi Dong-jin , a South Korean who operates a jeans factory at Kaesong , expressed his relief as the shutters were finally lifted . "  Words can not describe how happy we were after we heard the news , " Choi said . All 123 companies operating in the zone experienced heavy losses after Kaesong 's closure , and in Choi 's case , the figure amounted to US$ 3 million . "  I 've invested all of my capital in Kaesong . After the shutdown , we could n't do any business , " he told CNN from the small office in Seoul he 'd been forced to operate from since April . The Kaesong Industrial Complex , which is considered to be an important source of hard currency for North Korean leader Kim Jong Un 's regime , sits just a few kilometers north of the DMZ , which divides the two Koreas . Its closure followed a sustained escalation of tensions on the Korean peninsula , set off by North Korea 's long-range rocket launch in December and an underground nuclear test in February . The subsequent tightening of sanctions announced by the U.N. Security Council resulted in increasingly menacing rhetoric from the North , who threatened to attack the South with a pre-emptive nuclear strike . With South Korean workers and supplies barred from entering the region , the last remaining workers left Kaesong in May . "  The unexpected event happened and we could n't keep our promises to our clients , " Choi recalled . "  We had our own losses , but the clients had their losses too . There was no contingency plan . " After several offers from Seoul to end the impasse , the two Koreas finally agreed to reopen Kaesong last week with an agreement that the industrial zone 's operations would no longer be "  affected by political situations under any circumstances . " But for some of the affected businesses , the damage may be difficult to reverse . "  Yes it is going to re-open , but the question is ` how long will it take to recover our company 's credibility from the client ? ' Until we gain back their trust again , they wo n't request a large order , " Choi said . After it was opened in 2005 , about US$ 2 billion worth of goods have been produced at Kaesong , according to the South Korean Unification Ministry , making it important to the North 's ailing economy in particular . North Korean workers there earn an average of $ 134 per month , 45 % of which are taken by North Korean authorities for various taxes .	Kaesong Industrial Complex reopens Monday after five-month closure All 123 companies operating in the zone experienced heavy losses Two Koreas agreed to reopen with assurance it would no longer be "  affected by political situation "
CNN  -- New fall comedy "  Selfie " is n't done yet . The ABC series was canceled in early November , but Hulu has stepped in to air the show 's remaining episodes . "  Selfie " creator Emily Kapnek tweeted the news on November 20 , telling fans , "  Unofficially ? All remaining episodes of #SelfieABC will soon be on Hulu , Hulu Plus & http://ABC.com Hugs to Peter Roth @warnerbrostv . " ABC initially ordered 13 episodes of Kapnek 's updated take on "  My Fair Lady " and pulled the plug around episode 7 . The remaining six episodes will now roll out one by one each week on Hulu and ABC 's websites . The series , which starred John Cho as a marketing executive who helps a social media star  Karen Gillan  rebrand her image , never took off in ratings , but it did eventually find a devoted audience .	ABC canceled "  Selfie " with six episodes still unaired Hulu will now run one unaired episode a week "  Selfie " was a comedy with a social media spin
CNN  -- Argentina football coach Diego Maradona has undergone plastic surgery on his face after being bitten by one of his dogs . The 49-year-old was admitted to the Sanatorio Los Arcos clinic in Buenos Aires on Monday after suffering an injury to his top lip , hospital spokesperson Izarriaga Facundo told CNN . He is doing well after undergoing reconstructive surgery last night and will be discharged later on Tuesday , the spokesperson added . Maradona spent several weeks in the same clinic in 2007 after developing serious health problems . Is Messi better than Maradona ? His career has been interspersed with moments of glory and controversy . In 1986 he scored an infamous "  Hand of God " goal against England on the way to inspiring Argentina to World Cup victory . He was suspended from football for 15 months in 1991 after failing a doping test for cocaine while playing for Napoli in Italy , and was sent home from the 1994 World Cup in the U.S. for using ephedrine . Since retiring from playing aged 37 , he has battled several health problems related to his weight , drugs and alcohol . Maradona 's Argentina side made a disappointing start to their World Cup campaign before qualifying for the finals in South Africa via a late goal against Uruguay in their last game in October . Following the victory , Maradona unleashed an obscene tirade at journalists and was banned for two months .	Diego Maradona has plastic surgery on his face after getting bitten by one of his dogs . Maradona will be discharged on Tuesday , hospital spokesperson tells CNN . Maradona will lead Argentina at the World Cup finals in South Africa in June .
New York  CNN  -- New York City 's longest-serving Police Commissioner Ray Kelly will join the Council on Foreign Relations after he leaves his post at the end of the year , the organization announced Monday . Kelly -- who served at New York 's top cop for a total of 14 years -- will join the council in January as a distinguished visiting fellow . He will focus on national security issues , including counterterrorism and cybersecurity . "  Ray Kelly spearheaded the modernization of the New York Police Department . The result is that crime is down and the NYPD 's counterterrorism capabilities are second to none . We are excited and proud to have his experience , expertise , and judgment at the Council , " said CFR President Richard N. Haass . During Kelly 's time as commissioner , 16 terror plots were thwarted , including a plan to blow up New York 's subway system -- which was foiled by the FBI -- and a close call in Times Square when a lone wolf failed to detonate a car bomb , Kelly told CNN in April . Kelly 's lasting legacy , however , may be New York City 's highly controversial stop-and-frisk policy , which Kelly continues to defend . "  Stop , question , and sometimes frisk is a practice , it 's a tool that exists throughout law enforcement , " Kelly told CNN 's Susan Candiotti . He added , "  People say , ` Oh , there are 670,000 stops in New York City . ' It amounts to less than one stop a week per patrol officer . " During his 43-year career with the NYPD , Kelly served in 25 different commands before being named commissioner . He will be succeeded by William Bratton , who was New York 's police commissioner from 1994 to 1996 under Mayor Rudy Giuliani .	New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly will focus on counterterrorism at think tank The Council on Foreign Relations credits him with modernizing the department Controversial stop-and-frisk policy -- which Kelly defends -- is part of his legacy
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Ann Nixon Cooper sits back in her dining room chair , her eyes closed tight and her lips clenched , when asked if she will attend Barack Obama 's inauguration in January . Ann Nixon Cooper was born in 1902 , a time when women and black people were denied the right to vote . "  I could go and maybe would go , but I 'm not looking forward to it , " says the 106-year-old former socialite . What if Obama came to her house and asked her in person to attend ? Cooper perks up and a big smile spreads across her face . "  Oh , yes , of course I 'm ready to go ! " It 's been a whirlwind ever since Obama mentioned the African-American centenarian in his victory speech Tuesday night . Throngs of media -- from the BBC to a Japanese station to national news outlets -- have descended on her Atlanta house . Strangers have stopped by too . She 's taking it all in stride . She stayed up later than usual , until about 3 a.m. , after Obama 's speech and the phone began ringing off the hook . She had been tipped off by the Obama campaign that he 'd say something . "  Somebody told him what to say and what to do and he followed through , " she says . Watch "  I 'd be proud to meet him as anybody else " " Cooper -- who was born during a time when women and black people could n't vote -- fully understands the significance of Obama 's victory . "  Things are changing , changing , changing , and I look for more change now that it 's the first black president in victory of faith over fear , " she says . "  Do n't you know , that 's quite something to be proud of . " What would she tell Obama if she ever meets him ? "  I would n't have anything special to say about Obama . I enjoyed listening to him , but that 's all , " she says . "  I would be proud to meet him as anyone else . " She and her late husband , prominent dentist Dr. Albert Cooper , raised four children in her house . The home was a center of Atlanta 's black society and the scene of many parties . She knew Martin Luther King Jr. when he was just a boy and was close with his mother . She sometimes refers to Obama as "  that young man . " In his victory speech , Obama praised Cooper 's fight . The president-elect had learned of her story two weeks earlier after CNN profiled her when she went to the polls to vote early . Obama called her soon afterward . Watch Obama talk about Cooper in his victory speech " "  This election had many firsts and many stories that will be told for generations , " Obama told the tens of thousands of supporters who had gathered in Chicago on Tuesday night . "  But one that 's on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in Atlanta . She 's a lot like the millions of others who stood in line to make their voice heard in this election except for one thing -- Ann Nixon Cooper is 106 years old . "  She was born just a generation past slavery ; a time when there were no cars on the road or planes in the sky ; when someone like her could n't vote for two reasons -- because she was a woman and because of the color of her skin . "  And tonight , I think about all that she 's seen throughout her century in America -- the heartache and the hope ; the struggle and the progress ; the times we were told that we ca n't , and the people who pressed on with that American creed : Yes we can . " Cooper watched Obama 's speech from her home . "  Yeah , I knew he was talking about me -- I had been told that he would be saying these things . " See images of Cooper 's early voting extravaganza " She added that her late husband "  would be elated " a black man will be president . "  Yeah , he 'd be so tickled to death , " she said . "  We looked forward to changes . Everybody looked forward to a better life . " One of her grandsons , Albert B. Cooper , said the family has been overwhelmed with pride since Tuesday . "  It was a bigger honor than you could ever imagine to be mentioned in Obama 's speech . For her to be used as an example of the strength -- and all the changes that have gone on within the black community -- is stunning . We were touched and proud and I ca n't come up with the words , " he says . "  It 's an amazing thing . " Ann Cooper has called Atlanta home since the 1920s . She co-founded a Girls Club for African-American youth and taught community residents to read in a tutoring program at Ebenezer Baptist Church , where King preached . Celebrities , including the late singer Nat King Cole , often dropped in to visit . One time many years ago , a young student from Morehouse College stopped to visit . He spoke of dreams to become a filmmaker . That man , it turns out , was Spike Lee . "  It 's been a house with a heap of living going on in it , " Cooper said . Born in 1902 in Shelbyville , Tennessee , Cooper danced the electric slide up until the age of 103 . She has recently slowed down after suffering several heart attacks and a fractured hip . On a typical day , Cooper spends hours watching television in her wood-paneled sitting room . Her favorite shows are "  The Price is Right , " "  Oprah " and "  Dancing with the Stars . " Three of Cooper 's four children have died ; her surviving daughter is 83 . She has 14 grandchildren living and many great-grandchildren and great-great-grandchildren . When CNN first interviewed her in October , she said she only had one thing left to see in this world . "  I ai n't got time to die 'cause I 've got to see a black president , " she said , giggling with excitement . "  I 've got to see that . " Now , she says , "  I would be very proud if I could just meet and shake his hand . "	At 106 , Ann Nixon Cooper has witnessed pivotal moments unfold in U.S. history Atlanta , Georgia , resident sees "  more change now that it 's the first black president " What would she say to Obama ? She 'd just like to shake his hand She co-founded a Girls Club for black youths , taught community residents to read
London  CNN  -- Jaguar has revealed its new sports car -- which the luxury brand 's boss tells CNN showcases a "  quintessential Britishness . " The Jaguar 2013 F-Type , the latest from the company 's more than seven decades producing luxury cars , will debut at the Paris Auto Show this week . Jaguar Land Rover chief executive Ralf Speth told CNN the F-Type -- footage of which was released exclusively on CNN 's Quest Means Business -- carries the DNA of previous models . Speth said he expects the model , already creating extensive online chatter , to enjoy "  very special demand . " The previous E-Type , Speth added , "  was and still is a very , very iconic car and nobody can build such a car anymore . " Jaguar cars over the years However the F-Type , is "  stuffed with DNA of all the Jaguar sports cars , " Speth said . "  So the spirit , sportiness , design , quintessential Britishness is also in the F-Type . " Speth expects the car to sell well both in emerging markets and in Europe . China , in particular , is "  growing very strongly , " he said . The company has seen sales increase , year-to-date , by more than 40 % , he said . The car was engineered and designed in the UK by a team from the Royal College of Arts . Jaguar 's director of design Ian Callum told CNN : "  We wanted the experience of sitting in the F-Type to be exciting . A sports car cockpit should be an intimate place and so we aimed to get a sense of the surfaces falling towards and then wrapping around the driver . " Jaguar pioneered the use of a touch screen for controlling the majority of its cars ' functions but with the F-Type , the company focused on more physical interfaces for the driver . The F-Type also has a rigid aluminium structure intended to improve responses for the steering , throttle and brakes . The F-Type will go on sale in 2013 . CNN 's Oliver Joy contributed to this report	Jaguar has revealed its new sports car , which brand 's boss calls quintessentially British Footage of the F-Type is released exclusively on CNN 's Quest Means Business F-Type 's release has already created extensive chatter from sports car fans on the web Jaguar Land Rover chief executive Ralf Speth tells CNN car will likely have "  very special demand "
CNN  -- Sunday saw the curtain fall on Europe 's biggest domestic football leagues , with scenes of triumph and despair across the continent as teams battled for glory or survival . After a weekend which saw records broken and nerves shredded , CNN rounds up the final sets of fixtures in Spain , England , Italy and Germany and details the winners and the losers . For many of Europe 's leading players , the focus will now switch from club to country at Euro 2012 in Ukraine and Poland next month . Spain Real Madrid had already secured a 32nd Spanish title ahead of Sunday 's final round of fixtures , but Jose Mourinho 's team thrashed Real Mallorca 4-1 to finish the season on 100 points , a La Liga record . The victory meant Real finished nine points ahead of archrivals Barcelona in second , who said farewell to departing coach Pep Guardiola with a 2-2 draw at Real Betis Saturday . Valencia finished third in the table for the third season in a row , while big-spending Malaga , owned by Qatari Abdullah bin Nasser bin Abdullah Al Ahmed Al Thani , clinched the fourth and final European Champions League qualifying spot . Dutch striker Ruud van Nistelrooy announced his retirement following Malaga 's 1-0 over Sporting Gijon , after a career which has seen the prolific former Netherlands striker star at Manchester United and Real Madrid . There was a shock at the bottom of the table , as 2006 Champions League semifinalists Villarreal slipped out of the top division for the first time in 12 years after losing 1-0 to Europa League winners Atletico Madrid . Villarreal , who finished fourth last season , will be joined in the second tier by Sporting Gijon and Racing Santander , who placed 19th and 20th respectively . Top goalscorer : Lionel Messi , Barcelona - 50 England Manchester City scored two goals in stoppage time to beat Queens Park Rangers 3-2 and pip neighbors Manchester United to the English Premier League title on goal difference . United looked to have done enough to clinch a 20th title after Wayne Rooney 's header gave them a 1-0 win at Sunderland . Did City win the title - or did United lose it ? But in a dramatic finale Edin Dzeko and Sergio Aguero scored in the 92nd and 94th minutes to hand Roberto Mancini 's City a first championship in 44 years . QPR were battling against relegation , but their top-flight status was secured after Bolton Wanderers could only draw 2-2 with Stoke City . Bolton needed to win to remain in the division , but the draw meant they were demoted alongside Blackburn Rovers and Wolverhampton Wanderers . Behind City and United , Arsenal beat West Bromwich Albion 3-2 to secure the third and final automatic qualification berth for next season 's Champions League . Tottenham Hotspur finished fourth and Harry Redknapp 's team will play in Europe 's elite club competition next season if Chelsea , who placed sixth , lose to Bayern Munich in Saturday 's Champions League final . Top goalscorer : Robin van Persie , Arsenal - 30 Italy Champions Juventus finished with a 3-1 victory over Atalanta , a win which meant the Turin club were undefeated throughout the entire 38-game Serie A season . The match was marked by a goal from the club 's all-time leading goalscorer Alessandro del Piero , the 37-year-old striker who is leaving Juventus at the end of the season after 19 years with the Bianconeri . Filippo Inzaghi was another Italian legend to sign off with a goal , as the 38-year-old found the net on his final appearance for second-placed AC Milan in a 2-1 win against relegated Novara . Udinese 's fourth straight victory , a 2-0 triumph at Catania , was enough for them to finish third and claim the last Champions League spot . Lecce needed a win to have any hope of staying in the top flight , but a 1-0 loss to Chievo condemned them to Serie B football next season , alongside 19th-placed Novara and bottom club Cesena . Top goalscorer : Zlatan Ibrahimovic , AC Milan - 28 Germany Borussia Dortmund went into the final weekend of German domestic action having already sealed a second consecutive Bundesliga crown , and completed the double Saturday by winning the German Cup with a 5-2 victory over arch-rivals Bayern Munich . Jurgen Klopp 's team finished eight points ahead of Bayern , who will face Chelsea at their own Allianz Arena home in the Champions League final . Schalke will join Dortmund and Bayern in next season 's Champions League after cementing third place , while Borussia Monchengladbach will enter the qualifying rounds of the competition after finishing fourth . Four-time German champions Kaiserlautern endured a miserable campaign , finishing bottom . Cologne will join them in Bundesliga 2 next season after finishing 17th . Hertha Berlin were the third and final team to be relegated . The club from the German capital were beaten 4-3 on aggregate by Fortuna Dusseldorf , who finished third in Bundesliga 2 , in a two-legged playoff . It means Fortuna will return to the top division next season for the first time in 15 years . Top goalscorer : Klaas Jan Huntelaar , Schalke - 29	Real Madrid end the Spanish season with a record 100 points after a 4-1 win over Mallorca Villarreal , who finished fourth last term , are relegated following defeat to Atletico Madrid Manchester City score twice in injury time to win the English title ahead of Manchester United Alessandro del Piero and Filippo sign off for Juventus and Milan respectively with goals
CNN  -- Bayern Munich cruised to a 5-0 win at Dusseldorf on Saturday to set a new Bundesliga record for most consecutive wins at the start of the season . Two goals from Thomas Muller and one each for Croatia 's Mario Mandzukic , Brazil 's Luiz Gustavo and Rafina ensured Bayern made it eight wins from eight -- one better than the previous record they held jointly with Mainz , who racked up seven straight wins two seasons ago . Frankfurt continued their chase of the league leaders by beating Hanover 3-1 to register their sixth win of the season . Goals from Algeria midfielder Karim Matmour and German defender Sebastian Jung put Frankfurt 2-0 up inside the opening 20 minutes before Hanover pulled one back through Mohammed Abdellaoue two minutes before the break . But an Alexander Meier header eight minutes from the end means Frankfurt are now five points behind Bayern . Schalke consolidated third place with a 2-1 win at fourth-placed Borussia Dortmund . A volley from Dutch midfielder Ibrahim Afellay put the visitors ahead in the 14th minute before Marco Hoeger doubled the lead three minutes into the second half . Polish striker Robert Lewandowski got one back for Jurgen Klopp 's side seven minutes later but an equalizer never materialized . Schalke are now seven points adrift of Bayern while Dortmund now trail the leaders by 12 . In Saturday 's other games , Freiburg beat Wolfsburg 2-0 while Bayer Leverkusen drew 2-2 with Mainz .	Bayern Munich beat Frankfurt 5-0 to extend 100 % start to the Bundesliga season to eight games Schalke beat Borussia Dortmund to consolidate third place in table ; Dortmund now 12 points off lead Frankfurt victory leaves them five points adrift of leaders Bayern
CNN  -- In the grand scheme of things , LeBron James 's answer to CNN 's Soledad O'Brien regarding whether race played a role in the backlash to his "  The Decision " special -- "  I think so , at times . It 's always , you know , a race factor . " -- was n't much . This was n't Isiah Thomas supporting then-teammate Dennis Rodman 's assertion that , if Larry Bird was black , "  he 'd be just another good guy . " Yet here we are . For those of you who may have missed it , James chose to announce he was leaving his home state Cleveland Cavaliers via "  The Decision , " an hourlong , prime-time special aired on ESPN . This was not the best decision anyone has ever made . In fact , in the annals of NBA-related TV decisions , it may rank just above Magic Johnson 's deciding he 'd make a good late-night talk show host and just below everything else . When at the end of the hour James announced -- finally -- that he was "  taking his talents to South Beach "  making him sound more like a particularly driven Hooters waitress than an elite professional athlete  , the sports world could stop holding its collective breath . Many used that very next breath to refer to James as some sort of selfish expletive . This was the equivalent of a breakup via Jumbotron times a million . The fact that the advertising revenue -- some $ 3 million -- went to the Boys & Girls Club did n't make it any less self-serving and egotistical and misguided . LeBron probably keeps that much on his Starbucks card . Somewhere along the line , though , the self-righteousness of the backlash eclipsed the selfishness of the initial announcement . And with that one innocuous comment on CNN , the backlash actually became the story itself . Noted good decision-maker and TNT analyst Charles Barkley stated on Philadelphia radio that James 's continued decisions were "  like watching a movie -- just when you think it could n't get any stupider , it gets more stupid . " Barkley was 100 percent correct ; just not in the way he intended . Some things worth noting : • James did n't bring up the racial element , O'Brien -- who previously anchored a CNN special entitled "  Black in America " -- did . His statement was in response to the question , "  Do you think there 's a role that race plays in this ? " What was he supposed to say ? "  No " ? • Just because we elected Barack Obama , a black man , to the presidency , does not mean we immediately moved on to some sort of utopian post-racial society . Sorry . • James did n't say all the backlash was racial in nature . He did n't even say that most of it was . He did n't call anyone a racist . Heck , he did n't really say anything at all . He did n't "  play the race card " as much as quickly drop it face-down in the discard pile . • James was 100 percent correct . • Even LeBron 's closest advisor , Maverick Carter 's less nuanced follow-up : "  It definitely played a role in some of the stuff coming out of the media , things that were written for sure " seemed true enough after , well , things that were written . There was n't anything particularly overt , except for  mostly white  sportswriters lamenting LeBron 's sense of entitlement while displaying an absolutely shocking amount of their own . In the prologue to his 2006 book , "  Forty Million Dollar Slaves , " William Rhoden wrote : "  Today 's generation of pro athletes may be wealthy , but they are simultaneously cheered and resented -- a tension that ca n't last forever . " We like our greatest athletes to stick to a time-worn script , to stay where they are and persevere until mountains are climbed , hurdles are hurdled , bullies are vanquished and championships are won . We 're able to overlook the staggering salaries and outrageous ticket prices in hopes of seeing another Michael , another Magic , another Bird . We like our sports stories to build like fairy tales , to end with Jack vanquishing the giant , with Cinderella going to the ball , with "  and they all lived happily ever after . " And when a superstar departs from this storyline , we feel betrayed . How could you do this to us ? To claim that such reactions do n't split at least partially on racial lines is to be either irrationally optimistic or willfully blindered . Even the numbers support a division . According to a Q Scores popularity poll taken after "  The Decision , " James 's negative Q rating amongst nonblacks went from 24 percent to 44 , while among blacks it only gained one point , from 14 percent to 15 . Those numbers ca n't be explained away , or attributed to some sort of polling error . To deny the racial aspect of the backlash entirely -- well , just when you think it ca n't get any stupider , it gets more stupid . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Russ Bengston .	Lebron James said race played a role in backlash to "  The Decision " His announcement generated more negative reaction from whites , says Russ Bengtson He says James was asked about race factor , and never said anyone was being a racist Bengtson : Self-righteousness of backlash eclipsed selfishness of announcement
Surabaya , Indonesia  CNN  It is impossible to measure a family 's grief after a disaster like the crash of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 . And for one family , they 're grappling with the loss of seven loved ones on the aircraft . Two of their family members have been found so far . A total of 37 bodies have been recovered out of 162 passengers and crew members on board the AirAsia flight . We were invited to a Surabaya funeral home where the family held a visitation for The Meiji Thejakusuma and her daughter , Stevie Gunaman . Stevie had just turned 10 , two weeks before the flight . The two were on their way to a New Year 's trip in Singapore with five other members of their family , including Stevie 's father , grandmother , brother , sister , and her sister 's fiancee . The remaining five have not been found yet . "  I am devastated , " said Suyono Tedjakusuma , a relative of the victims . "  And now , the waiting for the rest of the family is so difficult . " While the funerals for The Meiji and her daughter will take place on Friday , friends and families gathered this week to pay their respects to the mother and her young child . "  My sister was a businesswoman , " said her sister , Ie-wah Thejakusama . "  She worked hard . She was kind to everybody . " Stevie was described as a bright girl by her relatives . She was always full of cheer , they said . In a Buddhist ceremony , friends and family members lit candles on an altar and bowed in front of the two caskets . They also folded paper into what resembled money as part of a Buddhist tradition of burning "  money " to symbolically provide for their loved ones in the afterlife . Earlier last week , they continued to hold out hope that some or all of their family members might have survived the crash . But with the discovery of mother and daughter 's bodies , the hope for a miracle has all but disappeared . While they mourn and plan a funeral , they still have to monitor the news and wait for any word about their five other loved ones . "  I can not accept this . I can not believe it . Where are my family 's bodies ? Where is my mother ? My heart is breaking , " said family member Suyono . They told me it 's like a nightmare you ca n't wake up from . The Meiji was going to spend her 46th birthday in Singapore . Instead , her birthday was the day her body was found .	Family mourns the loss of seven loved ones on AirAsia Flight QZ8501 Mother and daughter 's bodies were retrieved ; funeral to be held on Friday Relatives are still waiting for the five other members who were on board the flight
CNN Student News  -- March 1 , 2013 Media Literacy Question of the Day Why might it be important to know who conducted a study that is the focus of a news report ? * * Know Your News -- The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . Click here for a PDF version of this Newsquiz . 1 . On what day is the deadline for Congress and President Obama to avoid $ 85 billion in automatic federal spending cuts ? * * 2 . What international event is celebrated on March 8 ? * * 3 . What is the closest star to Earth ? * * 4 . Who is known as the mother of the U.S. civil rights movement ? * * 5 . In which chamber of the U.S. Congress might lawmakers utilize a filibuster ? * * 6 . Park Geun-hye is the first female president of what country ? * * 7 . What grain , capable of aggravating allergies , is produced by a plant 's anther ? * * 8 . What color smoke indicates that the conclave of Roman Catholic cardinals has elected a new pope ? * * 9 . What has the greatest influence over the price of gasoline : crude oil prices , refining , distribution , or taxes ? * * 10 . In what professional sport would you find the Cactus League and the Grapefruit League ? * *	Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News Write your answers in the space provided Today 's Newsquiz includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- Civil rights leaders met with retail chain representatives and agreed to create a customer bill of rights -- to be posted in department stores in the coming days -- in response to allegations of racial profiling in multiple retail chains . The one-page document is also expected to be posted to the department store websites , which will include Macy 's , Barneys New York , Bloomingdales , Lord & Taylor and Saks Fifth Avenue , according to a press conference on Monday . "  Profiling is an unacceptable practice and will not be tolerated , " the document states , drafted by the Retail Council of New York State , along with National Action Network and Reverend Al Sharpton . The groups first met on November 20 after several black shoppers alleged they were racially profiled at Macy 's and Barneys New York earlier this year . "  Employees who violate the company 's prohibition on profiling will be subject to disciplinary action , up to and including termination of employment , " the document says . In addition to prohibiting racial profiling , the customers ' bill of rights also prohibits "  the use of excessive force or using threatening , vulgar language when apprehending or detaining suspects . " "  We are cooperating with the groups we have formed and we are going to continue to cooperate and we look forward to welcoming everybody as a customer of Macy 's , " Macy 's Vice President of Government Affairs Edward Goldberg told a news conference after Monday 's meeting . "  I think it 's a good idea to have a bill of rights because then that way you can defend yourself and have backup , " department store shopper Carla Ellis told CNN affiliate WABC . "  I 'll believe it when I see it , " said another shopper , Rodney Jennings . HBO television actor Robert Brown filed a lawsuit in November against the New York Police Department and Macy 's Inc. , accusing them of racially profiling him , according to court documents . Brown was the fourth person to say they were targeted after shopping at a New York department store because of race this year , and the second to accuse Macy 's of racial profiling . The other two said they were racially profiled at Barneys New York .	Macy 's and Barneys New York among stores to post "  Bill of Rights " Four people have cited racial profiling in New York City department stores this year "  Profiling is an unacceptable practice and will not be tolerated , " the document reads Document expected to be posted in department stores and on their websites this week
Washington  CNN  -- Spirit Airlines says a pilot who clipped the tail of another aircraft on New Year 's Eve was not warned about the presence of the other plane . The accident happened after Spirit Flight 403 arrived at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport in Florida with 167 passengers onboard . The wingtip of the Airbus A320 hit the tail of a US Airways plane , also an A320 , parked in a remote stand away from the gate ; no one was onboard that plane . "  Spirit was not advised by air traffic control of the presence of the other aircraft , " the company said in a press release issued Wednesday night said . "  Spirit has been informed by officials that the control tower had also not been advised that the other A320 was parked in such close proximity to an active taxiway . " "  We are continuing to investigate , " US Airways spokesman Andrew Christie told CNN Wednesday . The day before , he said the "  A320 was parked in an approved parking spot when it was struck in the tail by another aircraft . " The accident happened in an area which is not under air traffic control , a FAA official who did not want to be identified discussing the details of the accident told CNN . Controllers generally guide planes on runways and active taxiways , but it would be unusual for them to discuss aircraft that are in parking areas with pilots who are taxiing past them . Radio calls captured by the website LiveATC.net show the Spirit pilot warned ground control about limited space to maneuver . "  You might want to send guys around the other way , it 's really tight here in Cactus Park , " he said using "  Cactus " the US Airways radio call sign . No one was injured in the collision and the passengers onboard the Spirit flight deplaned at the gate . The airline says because of the minor nature of the damage the National Transportation Safety Board will not be investigating . In September , the NTSB recommended the FAA require large planes and other aircraft on which the wingtips are not easily visible from the cockpit to have cameras or other devices to monitor the wings . The safety board said at the time that 12 accidents since 1993 had involved a large aircraft 's wingtip hitting another airplane or object on the taxiway . Most recently , a Boeing 747 hit a regional jet at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago in May , a 767 hit a regional jet in Boston in July 2011 and an A380 hit a regional jet in April of 2011 at New York 's JFK Airport . No one was injured in any of those incidents .	Spirit says pilot not advised about presence of other aircraft Airbus A320 's wingtip clips the tail of a parked plane in South Florida Accident occurred at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesian officials have gone on high alert and have started evacuations as they warily monitor Mount Merapi , a volatile volcano in central Java that might erupt at any time . "  The local government is coordinating to evacuate around 40,000 villagers to the pre-assigned shelters , " Neulis Auliasari of the national disaster coordination board said Monday . Seismic activity has intensified , signaling that an eruption is imminent , according to Indonesian volcanologists . The 3,000-meter Merapi is famously unpredictable , though . A pyroclastic flow -- a fast-moving burst of blistering gases and rock fragments -- is a key concern . One killed two people in 2006 and another killed more than 60 villagers in 1994 . About 1,300 people died when Merapi erupted in 1930 .	About 40,000 nearby villagers have started evacuating Seismic activity has intensified , signaling an imminent eruption Merapi is famously unpredictable , though
CNN  It 's a sunny April afternoon at the University of Rwanda College of Education in Kigali . Some students huddle in groups conversing in hushed voices ; others hurry between buildings carrying books . Exams begin in a week . On a grassy knoll behind an office block , Jean Claude Nkusi is giving his 24 children a talking to . "  Study hard everyone , " he says . "  If you work hard you can improve your life and make it better . " This is n't your typical family . Nkusi is 23 . None of his "  children " share his DNA . In fact , the only thing linking them is that they 're all genocide survivors -- ethnic Rwandan Tutsis who lost their families in the 1994 violence that killed 800,000 people . ` It 's because of history ' Creating "  artificial families " to help young genocide survivors cope is the brainchild of an organization called the Association for Student Genocide Survivors  AERG  . Originally founded by 12 University of Rwanda students in 1996 , they 've expanded to 43,397 university and high school students from across the tiny east-central African country today . AERG initially creates families from members based on the secondary school or university they attend , after which the newly-formed family meet to democratically elect a willing father and mother from among their ranks . Though they do n't all live together , they do help each other out financially and attempt to pool their resources . In the University of Rwanda 's College of Education alone there are 21 such families , with hundreds more being set up across the country . "  We  Rwandans , we used to have big families but during the genocide many people were killed , " says Daniel Tuyizere , AERG 's second vice coordinator at the University of Rwanda . "  To fight against that , we have to build artificial families so that we can go back to the way we were , " he adds . "  That 's why you can find a father with 25 children -- it 's because of that , it 's because of history . " AERG National Coordinator Constantine Rukundo explains that the concept stems from a basic necessity . "  You need someone to care about you , " she says , adding that the aim is that the families will stay together for life . "  When you get married your family will be there ; they 'll be the first to help you . " Scarred by war UNICEF estimates that 95,000 children were orphaned as a result of the genocide . Seventy per cent witnessed murders or injuries , while many were victims of violence and rape themselves . Their problems continued after 1994 . By 2001 , an estimated 264,000 Rwandan children had lost one or both parents to AIDS , a disease which was partly spread through the use of rape as a tool of war . Today many of these young people suffer disproportionately from poverty , homelessness , trauma and legal issues , including having had their deceased parents ' land taken away from them when they were too young to claim it . Bringing light back Rwanda is currently in the middle of 100 days of mourning . The 20th anniversary commemorations have been upsetting for many of the young people who still carry both physical and mental scars from the past . Kelsey Finnegan , Project Officer at Survivors Fund , says that trauma permeates into many different aspects of their lives : "  Many for example have difficulties studying , maintaining relationships , or have issues with drugs and alcohol . " Kevin Mugina , 21 , says that being in a family environment helps young people to deal with their emotions . "  Some people used to be very angry . " He says that together they discuss their feelings and how to control them enough so that they can live peacefully with their neighbors . Yet , he adds , trauma among his peers is still a huge issue . "  We have kids who have been so shocked from genocide that they have a permanent shock -- that is one of our big problems . " But overall , it seems that they are in good hands . Augustin Nsengiyumua , 27 , calls up his artificial mother for all sorts of small things . "  For example if I do n't have a pen , or I do n't have soap , " he says . Younger than several of his artificial offspring , Nkusi says that fatherhood is a lot of responsibility but he relishes it . "  You have to know every situation that your children are in -- if they 're studying without any problem , if they 're eating , everyday life . If one of them is sick I have to be the first one to know it . " He has named their family Urumuri . "  Urumuri , " Nkusi says , "  means to light something up . It 's when something was dark , and now it is bright again . " READ THIS : Intimate images capture the new Rwanda READ THIS : Orphaned siblings create Rwanda 's Craigslist	Young genocide survivors are coming together to form "  artificial families " in Rwanda They help each other financially and offer emotional support 20 years after the genocide , many young people still carry scars from the past The country is currently in the middle of 100 days of mourning
CNN  -- Former Secretary of State Colin Powell said Monday that he has "  no interest " in government service in response to a recently televised suggestion by Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell that President Obama name Powell as White House chief of staff . "  I have n't been asked , and I do n't expect to be asked , " Powell told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " in an interview set to air Monday night . " ... I do n't expect to be asked because I 've had 40 years of government service ... I have no interest in government service . " Instead , the retired Army general suggested Rendell would be a better pick . "  He 's been running around throwing my name around , " Powell said . "  This is the first chance I 've had to suggest that Ed Rendell is an accomplished politician , accomplished governor , mayor of a great city . I think he 'd be a terrific chief of staff . " Pete Rouse has been serving as interim White House chief of staff since Rahm Emanuel exited the post October 1 to run for mayor of Chicago , Illinois . An increasing number of senior Democrats inside and outside the White House say it 's looking more likely that Rouse will stay on . Powell , who served as secretary of state from 2001 to 2005 under President George W. Bush , also reflected on the results of this month 's midterm elections , calling them "  more than a shellacking " against Obama . "  The American people are losing some focus on President Obama , what he 's trying to do , " he said . "  And when you look at the election results , as he said , I mean he got shellacked . But I think it was more than a shellacking , I think it was a real body blow that he now has to reflect on and figure out how to come back . " Powell also addressed the controversial waterboarding interrogation technique that gained a level of infamy during the Bush administration , saying he would n't support the practice now . "  The president of the United States , who has a responsibility to protect the American citizens , felt that , in that circumstance , waterboarding was appropriate , and as he clearly said , approved it and takes responsibility for the approval of it , " Powell said . "  I think subsequently , as you kind of go down the years and take a look at what has happened over the years , I think it could now be called torture . " Powell noted that the FBI and other intelligence agencies have downplayed the quality of information the technique elicits , saying authorities can get better tips "  through more vigorous and professional interrogation . " "  But the president of the United States is the one that is responsible for our safety and at that time the one thing we were most concerned about is to make sure we get everything we need to prevent another 9/11 attack , " he said . Bush recently took responsibility for the go-ahead for waterboarding terror suspects in his memoir "  Decision Points , " released earlier this month .	Colin Powell responds to suggestion he be named White House chief of staff "  I have n't been asked , and I do n't expect to be asked , " he says He calls midterm election results "  a body blow " for President Obama
CNN  -- Herb Brooks : On this day in 1980 , the former University of Minnesota coach led a hockey team of college kids in a 4-3 victory over the best national team the Soviet Union had ever sent to the Olympics . The squad from the USSR practiced 11 months a year . Brooks was coaching amateurs . According to the International Ice Hockey Federation , "  The Olympic Fieldhouse in Lake Placid , New York , hardly seemed like the place where hockey history could be made , but on one afternoon in 1980 , the greatest moment in international hockey took place . It was a moment that transformed the game in one country and , over time , around the world . It was a moment that came to define Olympic success . It was a moment that came to inspire dreams . After February 22 , 1980 , anything was possible . " On this day 30 years ago , the "  Miracle on Ice " stunned Olympic fans . In his famous pre-game speech , Brooks inspired his team by saying , "  If we played 'em ten times , they might win nine . But not this game . Not tonight . Tonight , we skate with them . Tonight , we stay with them . And we shut them down because we can ! Tonight , WE are the greatest hockey team in the world ! " Two days later , the U.S. team beat Finland and won the gold medal . Brooks died in August 2003 , in a car accident in Minnesota . He was 66 . In 2004 , Kurt Russell portrayed Brooks in "  Miracle , " the movie based on the victory . And on the 25th anniversary of the showdown , the arena in Lake Placid was named after Herb Brooks . Sunday in Vancouver , Team USA pulled off its biggest Olympic hockey upset since the Miracle on Ice , stunning Canada 5-3 to advance to the quarterfinals . International Ice Hockey Federation : ` Miracle on Ice ' is No. 1 story Ron Paul : The Republican Texas congressman , a stalwart foe of government spending , won a blowout victory Saturday in the annual Conservative Political Action Conference presidential straw poll . With participants naming "  reducing the size of federal government " as their top issue , the 74-year old libertarian hero captured 31 percent of the 2,400 votes cast in the annual contest . Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney finished second with 22 percent of the vote , ending a three-year winning streak at the annual CPAC gathering . Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin finished third with 7 percent of the vote , followed by Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty at 6 percent and Indiana Rep. Mike Pence at 5 percent . The announcement of Paul 's win , a surprise victory unlikely to have a major impact on the 2012 presidential contest , drew a volley of loud boos from the CPAC audience . According to his official biography , Paul was born and raised in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , graduated from Duke University School of Medicine , and served as a flight surgeon in the U.S. Air Force during the 1960s . Paul ran for president in 1988 as a Libertarian and in 2008 as a Republican . CNN : Paul surprise winner of CPAC straw poll Office of Rep. Ron Paul : Biography Henry Cuellar : The Democratic congressman representing Laredo , Texas , has asked federal officials for a Predator drone aircraft to help protect the border between the United States and Mexico , from Brownsville to El Paso , Texas . The San Antonio Express reports that Cuellar , chair of the House Homeland Security subcommittee , has requested a meeting in April with officials from the U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Federal Aviation Administration to discuss the possibility of using a drone to fight drug trafficking and possible terrorism threats . Predators are remotely piloted aircraft used for reconnaissance and target acquisition . The Predators used by the U.S. military are armed with Hellfire missiles . The Congressional Research Service says that drones are twice as likely to crash as manned aircraft , the Express reports . Drones have already been approved by Congress for border protection . Each Predator drone costs around $ 4.5 million . Rep. Cuellar , a member of the fiscally conservative Blue Dog Coalition , was elected to Congress in 2005 and is now serving his third term . His official Web site reports , "  With a total of 5 advanced degrees , Congressman Cuellar is the ` Most Degreed Member ' serving in the House . " San Antonio Express-News : Aerial drones could patrol Texas border Office of Rep. Cuellar : Biography Roslyn Brock : The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , one of the oldest civil rights groups in the nation , announced the successor to Chairman Julian Bond on Saturday as the organization strives to prove its relevance and influence to a new generation . NAACP Vice Chair Roslyn Brock was selected to fill the seat left by Bond , a civil rights leader who has held the post since 1998 . Brock , 44 , the youngest person ever to serve in the position , has worked with the organization for more than 25 years in various roles , according to the NAACP . She is also a vice president at Bon Secours Health Systems in Marriottsville , Maryland . The NAACP selected Benjamin Todd Jealous as its president in 2008 . At 35 , Jealous was the youngest ever to hold that post at the NAACP . In an interview with Essence magazine , Brock said , "  To be at this place is truly a blessing . I never thought I could possibly lead this organization knowing that it is a male-dominated organization and only had three women prior to this time . The fact that only two African American women have served as chair really made it seem out of my reach . " On CNN 's "  Sunday Morning , " Brock said , "  It is our goal to extend a broader net , to encourage all Americans who believe in life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness to come and join us . " CNN : New leader vows she 'll bring ` new generation ' to NAACP Essence : Roslyn Brock youngest chair of NAACP Mary Robbins : The 71-year-old retired military nurse from Colorado Springs , Colorado , died of cancer on February 9 . KKTV in southern Colorado reports that Robbins had signed a contract in 2006 with a cryonics company to have her head and brain preserved and frozen when she died . She agreed that $ 50,000 would be paid to Alcor Life Extension Foundation of Scottsdale , Arizona , for the procedure . Her daughter , Darlene Robbins , recently hired an attorney , because she says her mother changed her mind before she died . Attorney Robert Scranton told CNN on Sunday that Mary Robbins "  had a great interest in science and was very forward-thinking . " She thought that she might be brought back to life one day , he said . But in December , the lump she had discovered turned out to be cancer , which had metastasized all over her body . Scranton said she did not want to be revived in that condition . KKTV reports that Eric Bentley , an attorney representing Alcor , says the nonprofit foundation wants to carry out Mary Robbins ' wishes . An all-day court hearing is scheduled Friday to decide in what condition Mary Robbins will be buried . Her body is at a funeral home . According to Alcor 's Web site , "  Cryonics is the science of using ultra-cold temperature to preserve human life with the intent of restoring good health when technology becomes available to do so . " KKTV : Battle underway for head and brain of Colorado Springs woman Alcor Web site What makes a person intriguing ? There are people who enter the news cycle every day because their actions or decisions are new , important or different . Others are in the news because they are the ones those decisions affect . And there are a number of people who are so famous or controversial that anything they say or do becomes news . Some of these people do what we expect of them : They run for office , pass legislation , start a business , get hired or fired , commit a crime , make an arrest , get in accidents , hit a home run , overthrow a government , fight wars , sue an opponent , put out fires , prepare for hurricanes and cavort with people other than their spouses . They do make news , but the action is usually more important than who is involved in the story . But every day , there are a number of people who become fascinating to us -- by virtue of their character , how they reached their decision , how they behaved under pressure or because of the remarkable circumstances surrounding the event they are involved in . They arouse our curiosity . We hear about them and want to know more . What they have done or said stimulates conversations across the country . At times , there is even a mystery about them . What they have done may be unique , heroic , cowardly or ghastly , but they capture our imaginations . We want to know what makes them tick , why they believe what they do , and why they did what they did . They intrigue us .	Today marks 30th anniversary of ` Miracle on ice ' Olympic hockey game Rep. Ron Paul wins straw poll at conservative conference Court to hear battle over woman 's desire to have head and brain preserved after death
