CNN -- Sebastian Junger found him crouched on a battlefield in Afghanistan , fighting to stay alive . Ahmad Shah Massoud , center in white shirt , leads his men in his beloved Afghan mountains . The Taliban had the man cornered and outnumbered . A sniper 's bullet came so close to the man that it plucked dirt between his feet . But Junger watched him coolly orchestrate a cunning counterattack by his soldiers -- all while discussing his favorite poetry and international news . "  He had tremendous magnetism , " says Junger , a noted journalist and author who has written bestsellers like "  The Perfect Storm , " and "  A Death in Belmont . " "  You did n't even need to speak his language to fall under his sway . That 's the only time I 've ever really felt that from another person . " The man Junger met was Ahmad Shah Massoud , the "  Lion of Panjshir . " Today , Massoud is a national hero in Afghanistan , but he 's also become something else : the prototype for the tough but enlightened leader Afghanistan desperately needs today , some Afghans say . Watch how images of Massoud are everywhere in Afghanistan " Massoud was assassinated two days before the September 11 terrorist attacks by agents linked to al Qaeda . Though he died eight years ago , his legacy looms over any would-be leader in Afghanistan , Afghans and scholars say . See current key players in Afghanistan " ` He would have found bin Laden ' Afghanistan 's government has been accused of being corrupt and weak . Massoud had a reputation for integrity and strength , says Junger , who traveled to Afghanistan in 2000 to profile Massoud for his book , "  Fire . " "  He would have been very hard for the warlords to intimidate , " Junger says . Massoud had a reputation as a fierce nationalist who would not allow any outside group -- the Russians , Pakistan , the Taliban , even the United States -- to control Afghanistan , says Zieba Shorish-Shamley , an Afghan native and founder of the Women 's Alliance for Peace and Human Rights in Afghanistan . "  All he wanted was to have Afghanistan for Afghanistan , " Shorish-Shamley says . "  If Massoud would have been in power , he would not sell out . " Massoud made his name as a brilliant guerrilla leader . He was born in Afghanistan 's Panjshir Valley , the son of an Afghan army officer . He attended college as an engineering student where he became involved in student politics . Massoud became Afghanistan 's most famous resistance leader after the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in 1979 . Widely read , he studied the works of famous guerrilla leaders . His army fought back nine major offensives by the Soviet army in the Panjshir Valley . After the Soviet army retreated , Massoud then waged war against the Taliban , objecting to their rigid interpretation of Islam and treatment of women . While battling the Taliban , Massoud became a bitter foe of the group 's chief ally , al Qaeda 's Osama bin Laden . Shorish-Shamley , the women 's rights activist , says Massoud was assassinated just before the 9/11 attacks because bin Laden feared Massoud . Massoud 's military prowess combined with his knowledge of the Afghan-Pakistan border would have made him an even more formidable threat against the Taliban with U.S. military muscle backing him . "  If they -LSB- al Qaeda leaders -RSB- were hiding under a rock , he would have found them , " Shorish-Shamley says . "  He was that type of person . He would have found bin Laden . " ` He was a charming killer ' Yet there are others who say Massoud was n't that different from the warlords who try to control Afghanistan today . After the Soviet army left Afghanistan , various Afghan resistance leaders cobbled together a coalition government to run the country . Massoud was appointed defense minister . But a civil war soon erupted as various factions fought for control of the country . Men under Massoud 's command were accused of massacring civilians . Paul Fitzgerald , co-author of "  Afghanistan 's Untold Story , " says Massoud was a "  charming killer . " "  He was n't as bad as the worst , " Fitzgerald says . "  But from the Afghan point of view , they 're all war criminals . They really did n't do any good for the Afghan people . " The Taliban eventually stepped into the leadership vacuum created by feuding Afghan factions . When they gained control of Afghanistan , they pushed Massoud 's army into the Panjshir Valley . There Massoud fought a rear-guard action against the Taliban while trying to warn the West about the global threat posed by bin Laden and the Taliban . Marcela Grad , author of the book "  Massoud , " says he was the only Afghan resistance leader who never left the country to live abroad . He fought constantly for Afghanistan 's independence , but constant war did n't appear to destroy his humanity . "  He had tranquility about him , " says Grad , who journeyed to Afghanistan to talk to Massoud 's friends for her book . "  He brought his poetry books to battle . " Grad says Massoud believed that his fight against the Taliban was n't isolated but part of a larger battle against a Taliban-like Islam that threatened to spread across Central Asia . "  If Massoud and the Afghans were not being a front against intolerance in that part of the world , we would have had al Qaeda everywhere -- it would have been much worse , " Grad says . Junger , who had interviewed Massoud the year before , says he was crushed by Massoud 's death . "  A lot of people who knew him felt that he was the best hope for that part of the world , " says Junger . There may be another Massoud in Afghanistan 's future . A year after Massoud 's death , he was named a "  National Hero of Afghanistan . " As dignitaries stepped on stage to honor Massoud , a thin adolescent with the same aquiline nose and almond-shaped eyes as Massoud stepped before the crowd . It was Massoud 's only son , Ahmad , who was then 13  he would now be about 20  . CNN correspondent Christiane Amanpour , who covered the event , reported that Ahmad said that terrorists may have killed his father but not his vision of a united and free Afghanistan . "  I want to follow in my father 's footsteps , " Ahmad said . "  I want to secure our country 's independence . I want to be my father 's successor . "	Legendary Afghan leader instilled fear in Taliban , Afghans say Ahmad Shah Massoud considered prototype for Afghan leader , some say Author Sebastian Junger : ` He had tremendous magnetism '
CNN  -- As an NBA executive , I 'm always looking for untapped potential . As a proud native of Nigeria , I believe that Africa is one of the world 's greatest resources in that area . From Angola and Tunisia to Senegal and South Sudan , there is so much size and athletic ability across the continent . Some tribes in Sudan and Senegal have an average height of 6-foot-6 , which also happens to be the size of the average NBA player . People in Nigeria , Mali and Congo tend to be very big and physical . We need to build a strategy to go into these regions and cultivate the talent through infrastructure and instruction . Not long ago , soccer in Africa was almost the same way . It was untapped . Kids in Africa start kicking a ball when they are six or seven years old , if not younger . It 's like baseball , basketball and football in America . If you 're talented , people will find you . That 's what happened with soccer . The number of academies has grown rapidly , and people are really into it . As a result , nearly every major soccer team has a lot of African players . Through my experience as a Nigerian player , coach and now NBA executive , I believe basketball can follow a similar path . It starts with building facilities . We need to start investing in outdoor courts and indoor gyms for kids to play . From African Voices : Nigerian NBA boss finding basketball stars Most kids in Africa do n't start playing basketball until they are 13 or 14 years old . This puts them at a disadvantage because they lack the instincts and must work harder to develop the skills and habits formed at an early age . With a tremendous assist from the NBA , Nike and the International Basketball Federation  FIBA  , we have been trying to provide opportunities for the next generation of African basketball players . Every year , we conduct the Giants of Africa camp , sponsored by NestlÃ © Milo and Nike , as well as the NBA Basketball Without Borders Africa elite camp . Nearly 100 campers have gone on to play college basketball in the United States , including Luc Mbah a Moute , who now plays for the Milwaukee Bucks . Mbah a Moute  Cameroon  is one of several African success stories . Serge Ibaka  Democratic Republic of Congo  is a rising star for the Oklahoma City Thunder , and Luol Deng  born in Sudan  was an All-Star last year for the Chicago Bulls . These guys are great examples for young people in Africa . Kids are beginning to see the possibilities because of the exposure of the NBA . It was unfortunate that Hakeem Olajuwon  Nigeria  , Dikembe Mutombo  Congo  and Manute Bol  Sudan  -- three African giants -- came in an era before the internet , cable and satellite television . A lot of African kids have heard of these guys , but they do n't know the scope of their accomplishments . Deng , Ibaka and Mbah a Moute are trying to become giants themselves , but they ca n't do it alone . Read related : Team Nigeria gears up for motorsports debut Through the Sprite clinics and Basketball Without Borders , we 've been to Congo , Guinea , Kenya , Malawi , Nigeria , Rwanda , Tanzania , Senegal , Uganda , Zambia , and Zimbabwe . On a continent with more than a billion people , we still have a lot more ground to cover , and we need help from sponsors in Africa . We need more companies to help build courts and gymnasiums for kids to play . Nestle Milo paid for a world-class floor made in the United States . That 's what we use for my Giants of Africa camp . For years , Nike has generously provided shoes and equipment for the players . That is the kind of support we need from influential investors in Africa . As you can probably tell , the push to develop talent in Africa is personal . I grew up there . I played there . I know how much talent there is . We have to concentrate on building facilities , establishing successful leagues and finding investors to help young players . America gave me the opportunity , but I truly believe Africa is going to be the next big thing . It is going to be prominent in tapping basketball talent . I really hope I 'm alive to see it happen . This much is certain : I will die trying . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Masai Ujiri .	Africa "  the next big thing " in basketball , says Denver Nuggets GM Masai Ujiri Soccer talent on the continent was also untapped until academies were built Young Africans need more outdoor courts and indoor gyms , argues Ujiri Basketball Without Borders and Giants of Africa camp are helping but need support
London  CNN  -- Delicate , rare and striking - forgotten photographs of black Britons in the late 19th and early 20th century have been unearthed from the depths of the Hulton Archive -- one of the world 's oldest and largest archives holding over 80 million images . Black Chronicles II , a photographic exhibition at Rivington Place in East London is currently showcasing over 200 images that explore black presences in Victorian Britain , the majority of which have never been revealed to the public . Part of "  The Missing Chapter " -- a three-year project devoted to researching and revealing the earliest imagery of black people in Britain -- curators RenÃ © e Mussai and Mark Sealy of archive and research centre Autograph ABP have re-introduced a neglected part of history to the public consciousness . "  We have been doing this work around black representation through the prism of photography for 25 years , " says Mussai . "  What we wanted to do with this research project was to expand , if you like , the narrative back to the very early days - to the invention of photography in 1839 . " Going far back in time The history of black people in Britain is most commonly traced back to 1948 , when the "  Empire Windrush " ship carried 492 Jamaican passengers to British shores , following an ad in a Jamaican newspaper promising affordable carriage on board for those seeking a new life and work in the UK . Searching for images taken prior to this moment proved to be both exciting and overwhelming . "  We did n't know what we would find in the archive . " Mussai exclaims . "  The Hulton Archive did n't know what they had because they did n't look at it with this particular remit in mind , and with 80 million records , you can imagine things get lost ! " After extensive rummaging , a wealth of hitherto unknown photographs , carte-de-visites  thin paper photograph mounted on thick paper card  , cabinet cards and albumen prints resurfaced . A different light Among the various treasures found , Mussai highlights the intriguing case of Kalulu , a young African boy whose photographs are featured in the exhibit . Images of Kalulu are easily searchable online and in various publications , but he is often portrayed as servant to Sir Henry Morton Stanley - the infamous writer and explorer of central Africa . The images in the exhibition , in contrast , center on Kalulu alone . He is not an accessory or an extra part ; he is instead the main focus . "  Kalulu holds his own in the frame and is dressed in an outfit that any other boy of that era would wear -- not a cloth , not semi-naked . " says Mussai . Visualizing existence The images , however , do more than point to a history that has been overlooked and neglected , they ask the question of who documents our histories and who gets to choose them . Mussai holds that the preference for certain stories and the evasion of others relates to how we prioritize different people 's existence . "  The most important thing to remember here is that when one is not visualized in history , one does n't exist . " Says Mussai . "  So in terms of memory , in terms of contribution and actually being here -- people are often erased ... that means their existence is not acknowledged . " These images do occupy a specific time-frame , loosely between the ends of 1830 - 1940s , but the chapter , so to speak , is not over and done with . In fact , the aim of the project is to constantly revise and evaluate a neglected era rather than to fill in the holes and then move on . "  These gaps will always exist and there will always be more " says Mussai . Wider collaboration Much of the project 's excitement is tied to unpredictability , a sense of continuous discovery as new images are unearthed from neglected albums across the globe . People are now submitting images from their own personal collections in a bid to help construct a history that has been forgotten -- a welcome by-product of the current showcase at Rivington Place . "  Someone currently based in Canada has sent through about 8 or 9 cabinet card scans of his family here in Britain , I think his great-great-grandmother came from Jamaica originally " Mussai exclaims . "  There were photographs in the studio which appear to be from the 1860s , judging from the scan . " Despite the success of the research so far , the current collection dates back only to the 1850s . Baring in mind photography was invented in the late 1830s , an approximate 10 years ' worth of photos are still left to be uncovered . The search for the earliest photograph of a black person in the UK , it seems , is still underway . "  Even if we find it , there is absolutely no certainty that it is the earliest " Says Mussai . " So far however , the journey to such discovery has proven to be just as important as the discovery itself . "  All we can do is move close and closer . " Snooper 's paradise : A sneak peek inside London 's most prestigious private homes Stunning ` time-slice ' photos capture your favorite landmarks from sunrise to sunset Bendy towers and upturned houses : The surreal architecture you wish existed	Rare photographs of Black Britons in the late 19th and early 20th century are on display at Rivington Place , London Over 200 images exploring the black presence in Victorian Britain have been revealed to the public for the very first time
Time.com  -- Why do some people find it impossible to get rid of old newspapers and junk mail , and end up hoarding them instead ? New research suggests that hoarders have unique patterns of brain activity when faced with making decisions about their possessions , compared with healthy people . And despite the fact that hoarding has traditionally been seen as a symptom or subtype of obsessive compulsive disorder  OCD  , brain activity in those who can not de-clutter is also distinct from that of people with typical OCD , the study shows . "  Many things are unique and distinct about hoarding , " says Dr. Eric Hollander , director of the autism and obsessive compulsive spectrum disorder program at Montefiore/Albert Einstein School of Medicine in New York , who was not associated with the new research . He notes that the new study adds to the evidence that hoarding should be recognized as a specific syndrome that falls not under the standard definition of OCD -- only about 18 % of people with hoarding symptoms meet the full criteria for OCD as it is currently defined -- but within a spectrum of related conditions . " -LSB- This -RSB- is a very interesting and important study , " he says . Indeed , a separate diagnosis of hoarding disorder has been proposed for inclusion in the upcoming revision of psychiatry 's diagnostic manual , the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders  DSM-5  . Time.com : Real-world hoarders and obsessive-compulsives For the new research , published in the Archives of General Psychiatry , David Tolin of the Institute of Living in Hartford , Connecticut , recruited 107 people for brain scans using functional magnetic resonance imaging  fMRI  . Forty-three people had hoarding disorder , 31 people had OCD and 33 participants were normal controls . The participants were asked to bring a sample of their own junk mail or newspapers to the lab and were assured that researchers would n't throw out anything they wanted to keep . The participants were also told that while they were having their brain activity imaged , they would be asked to decide whether to keep or shred these papers . Inside the scanner , the participants were shown images of either their own stuff -- preceded by a slide identifying it as "  Yours " -- or images of junk mail and newspapers from the lab , labeled "  Ours . " For each item , they had to decide whether or not to submit it to the shredder . Not surprisingly , people with hoarding disorder chose to keep more of their own items than did those with OCD or those without a diagnosis . When they were faced with tossing or keeping their own items , the hoarders ' brain responses also differed from that of the other participants : they showed excessive activation in the anterior cingulate cortex , a brain region involved with decision-making , particularly in situations involving conflicting information or uncertainty . Activity was also elevated in the insula , a region that monitors one 's emotional and physical state  it 's also involved in disgust , shame and other strong negative emotions  . Together , these regions help assign relative levels of importance or significance to objects . Time.com : A better way to treat obsessive-compulsive kids "  Hoarders have great difficulty making decisions , especially around the value of their possessions , " says Michael Jenike , an OCD expert and professor of psychiatry at Harvard , who was not associated with the research . "  This study is very interesting as it demonstrates that brain regions associated with monitoring for errors under conditions of uncertainty are activated when hoarding patients are deciding whether or not to throw out personal items . " In other words , hoarders assign too much value to their possessions , making it difficult or impossible to decide to get rid of them . Consequently , the study found that people with hoarding disorder took much longer to make decisions about discarding their possessions and felt more sadness and anxiety about these choices than did the other participants . "  One of the characteristics of hoarding is that people feel this sense of discomfort if they feel like they may be giving away something that they could use in future , " says Hollander , explaining that patients often become greatly distressed or even angry if they are pushed to give up apparently useless or excess possessions . Interestingly , however , when people with hoarding disorder made similar decisions about discarding junk mail that did n't belong to them , they again showed unusual levels of activity in the anterior cingulate cortex and insula -- but in this case , their brain activity was much lower than normal . The paper 's authors note that the reduced activity is a "  pattern reminiscent of that seen in patients with autism , " who are often disengaged from others and who , like hoarders , have rigid routines as well as obsessive behavior . The authors suggest that this lack of brain activity could be linked with the "  diminished motivation and poor insight frequently observed " in patients who hoard ; that is , it may be what allows them to live amidst overwhelming clutter and piles of junk , but fail to clear it out or even be bothered by it . Time.com : Want to make quicker decisions ? Muzzle your brain Meanwhile , the hyperactivity in these regions may make them overly anxious about and attached to their own possessions , rendering them too overwhelmed to decide to change . Hollander compares it to a "  check engine " light that keeps flashing on the dash for no reason . A healthy person might be able to disregard the alarm as irrelevant , but the hoarder becomes obsessively focused on it . "  One problem with hoarding , and with OCD , is that when that alarm goes off , it becomes more and more important and the brain pays more and more attention to these signals . " says Hollander . "  The -LSB- person 's -RSB- specific concern becomes more and more salient and other routines and activities become less salient , and that 's what 's associated with functional consequences . Their lives get smaller and smaller . " So , it 's not that hoarders are slobs or obsessive collectors . Rather , it 's that they have problems making the kinds of decisions about their stuff that others would consider reasonable . Time.com : How supermarkets turn shoppers into hoarders Hollander notes also that the new findings could have important implications for the treatment of hoarding . A new type of transcranial magnetic stimulation  TMS  , for example -- a therapy that uses non-invasive electrical stimulation of the brain to treat depression -- may work for people with hoarding disorder . Although the TMS currently used for depression does n't reach all brain regions , the new type may be able to affect the insula . "  Because of the shape of the coil , it can penetrate more deeply into brain , " says Hollander . "  This study suggests that if you want to treating hoarding , the insula would be a good target . " This article was originally published on Time.com Inside the hoarder 's brain : A unique problem with decision-making & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Brain activity of hoarders is distinct from that of people with OCD Separate diagnosis of hoarding disorder has been proposed for DSM-5 Hoarders show excessive activation in the anterior cingulate cortex
CNN  -- World record holder and Olympic champion Usain Bolt added yet another title to his tally after racing to victory in the Bupa Great CityGames 150 meter sprint in a new best time in Manchester on Sunday . Usain Bolt smashed the world 150m record in his first race of the season in Manchester on Sunday . The Jamaican , who broke both the 100m and 200m records before anchoring his country to the 4x100m relay title in Beijing , clocked 14.36 seconds -- smashing the previous world 's best by 0.39 seconds . Bolt , in his first competitive outing of the season , finished well ahead of Britain 's Marlon Devonish , who ran 15.07 . The 22-year-old , who was only passed fit on Monday after a car crash which required minor surgery on his foot just over a fortnight ago , was given a bye into the final . But he did not disappoint and the breakdown of times in his sprint were staggering . He covered the first 100m in 9.90 , which although well short of his record-breaking 9.69 in Beijing , was still impressive on a very damp temporary track constructed in the city center . Even better was his speed over what is termed "  the flying 100 " -- from 50-150m -- which he covered in just 8.72 seconds . It all added up to a run which eclipsed the previous best of 14.75 by American Tyson Gay , whose time was recorded during a 200m race and not a straight 150m sprint . "  It is one more to the tally , " Bolt told reporters when told of his world-best time . "  I thought I would just go out there and run a good time . I am not in the best shape and I still have a lot of work to do but I am getting there , " he added . Debbie McKenzie Ferguson of the Bahamas won the women 's race in 16.54 seconds ahead of Olympic and world 400m champion Christine Ohuruogu , who finished in 17.10 .	Usain Bolt shatters world record by winning 150m in Manchester on Sunday The Jamaican sprint king defeats Marlon Devonish in a time of 14.36 seconds The 22-year-old old was only passed fit on Monday after a recent car accident
CNN  -- North Korea is sending an onslaught of faxes to South Korea , blaming its neighbor for tensions over a disputed island , an official said Wednesday . Earlier this month , faxes started arriving at South Korean companies , South Korean Unification Ministry deputy spokeswoman Lee Jong-joo said Wednesday . The faxes blame South Korea for the November 23 artillery attack on Yeonpyeong Island . Four South Koreans , two military personnel and two civilians , died when North Korea hit the island with artillery . "  Responsibility for the attack lies with the South , " states the fax , according to Lee . "  Groups in the South should rise up against the South Korean government . " The ministry says 15 companies , consisting of two religious groups , seven trade companies , five civic groups and one media organization , reported they had received the fax . The first report of a fax came in on December 8 , according to Lee . The ministry estimates that 50 to 80 companies likely received the messages , but have not reported them yet to the government . Most of the companies that received faxes had prior contact with North Korea through inter-Korean events or business operations , Lee said . All of the reported faxes were in the same format and none of them included updated information about the recent and ongoing South Korean drills , the ministry said . The faxes represent a rise in what 's known in the Korean Peninsula as the propaganda war . It 's taken various forms over the years , including a Christmas tree this week that left Seoul bracing for a possible backlash . South Korea lit up a major Christmas tree in an area bordering North Korea despite concerns that it may become the target of a military attack from Pyongyang . Pyongyang dismantled the tree in 2004 after the countries agreed to halt cross-border propaganda . The tree is clearly visible from North Korea . Last March , shortly after the South Korean Cheonan warship sunk , killing 46 sailors , Seoul restarted propaganda broadcasts aimed at turning North Koreans against Pyongyang . Seoul did not , however , re-installing loudspeakers at the border , after North Korea threatened to blow up the speakers . Local nonprofits started launching giant balloons packed with anti-Pyongyang fliers , small AM/FM radios , and DVDs of news broadcasts . Seoul views one of its most powerful tools in hurting the Kim regime is to inform the citizens of the hermit kingdom with news from the outside world . The propaganda war before the two countries has taken various forms , including a Christmas tree this week that left Seoul bracing for a possible backlash .	Faxes start arriving at South Korean companies this month They blame South Korea for a November 23 artillery attack on Yeonpyeong Island Most companies that received faxes had prior contact with North Korea
CNN  -- At the time when girls should be deciding on where to go to university , most girls in my country are deciding on a wedding dress . I am 16-years-old and where I come from in Bangladesh , many girls my age grow quickly from children to adults because they are forced into marriage . I could have been one of those girls , but I 'm one of the few girls in my country who is blessed to have support from my parents and community to live the life of a joyful teenage girl . Every girl should have the right to that life , but there are millions of girls in my country who are not so fortunate and are subjected to child marriage . It makes me sad to think about the fate of these girls , and that is why I am here at the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women , to share my experience with global leaders and give other girls a chance to change the world with me . According to the UN , any person under the age of 18 is a child . I am still a child , and children like me need love , care and protection . Every child dreams of a brighter future and a better world , but the question is , why does this dream become a nightmare in the lives of so many girls ? As a girl , I must ask these questions to the world 's leaders . The law in Bangladesh says no girl should get married before 18 years of age and no boy before 21 years of age . But yet , Bangladesh has the highest rate of child marriage among the south Asian countries . It is estimated that two-thirds of Bangladeshi girls are married before the age of 18 . In my village , I witnessed lots of wedding parties for underage brides . For the past three years I have lost at least two friends to early marriages at an age where I did n't even know what marriage was . Now those girls have their own children . I do n't want to lose any more friends . In my childhood I used to play with dolls . Sometimes I arranged marriages for the dolls . That is how parents treat their daughters â $ " like dolls who have no voice . There are many reasons why early marriage is so prevalent in Bangladesh , but one of the biggest reasons is lack of quality education . There are 64,000 villages in our country , and most of the people living in villages have no access to education . They have no idea about the likely consequences of child marriage , and so it 's a cycle that continues . Education helps create opportunities for girls to contribute to family income . If a girl can feed her family , it will help parents rethink the idea that their daughters are a burden . Girls who become brides stay uneducated because they must become mothers , caretakers and homemakers , further driving the cycle of poverty and powerlessness . Early marriage has contributed to every problem prevailing in my country , directly or indirectly . It increases child death and maternal death , increases divorce and broken families , increases population and decreases female education and empowerment . If we stop this problem , other problems in our country will be reduced automatically . How can we put a stop to this injustice ? Building awareness through films like "  Girl Rising " that pressure governments to implement laws against child marriage and educating communities like World Vision does in Bangladesh . I am a part of World Vision 's child forum and just this year we have used our voices to stop three child marriages in our community . Those girls are still in school . I myself was saved because my own community was made aware of the negative consequences of early marriage and the importance to giving me an education . Both my mother and grandmother were considered burdens in their families . My grandmother got married when she was 9 and my mother got married when she was 16 . But at 16 I will not be getting married any time soon , because that cycle has stopped with me . I am not a burden to get rid of . I am a blessing , and I have dreams that I will and can achieve . My hope is that my friends in Bangladesh and girls around the world will get to chase their dreams , too .	Humaiya Akhter is a 16-year-old advocate for girl 's education and child rights in Bangladesh Humaiya campaigns against child marriage and is active with World Vision She says one of the biggest reasons for early marriage is lack of education CNN Films will release "  Girl Rising , " focusing on improving the lives of girls around the world
CNN  Lily was n't moving when rescuers found her , hanging upside down in her mother 's smashed car . It had flipped over into a frigid Utah river half a day before , and the baby was still strapped in her seat . As Officer Jared Warner dashed with the 18-month-old in his arms to an ambulance , she was barely alive . But she 's doing better , her family said Monday . "  Her improvement is astounding . Right now she 's watching ` Dora  the Explorer  ' and singing '  The  Wheels on the Bus ' with Grandpa . She is smiling and laughing for family members . We 're blown away by Lily 's progress and so grateful to her rescuers , " they said . Lily 's mother , Lynn Jennifer Groesbeck , died in the crash that had landed their car on its roof in the Spanish Fork River . She was 25 years old . Lily might have died unseen with her mother , had a man not gone fishing in that particular spot Saturday . The angler waded into the river around noon , then noticed the car wheels-up in the water . "  Where the car was , you could n't see it from the roadway , " police Lt. Cory Slaymaker said . The fisherman called emergency dispatch . Police and fire rescuers arrived and sprang into the water . The rest of what happened is now a frenetic blur for Officer Bryan DeWitt . "  I do n't remember doing anything but just doing it , " he said . The water was so cold that , when the rescue was over , seven of the men involved had to be treated for hypothermia . They heaved the car onto its side and saw Groesbeck in the driver 's seat . It was clear to them that she was dead . Then they noticed the baby . "  She was definitely unconscious and not responsive , " Warner said . But she was still alive , and rescuers were delighted to see it . She was still strapped into her seat , where she may have been for 14 hours , if the wreck occurred when police believe it did . The night before , a man living nearby heard a loud crash and stepped outside to check , but he saw nothing unusual , police said , and dismissed it . That was at about 10:30 p.m. on Friday . Groesbeck 's car had probably just struck a bridge embankment . "  The driver 's side tire went up the cement barrier on the south end of the bridge , launching this woman and her baby into the freezing water , " Slaymaker told CNN affiliate KUTV . The angler came along around 12:30 p.m. on Saturday , 14 hours later . Groesbeck 's death is tragic , but the survival of baby Lily is a story filled with hope . But just how did the baby survive the ordeal ? Above all , said CNN senior medical correspondent Elizabeth Cohen , the biggest factor was the car seat . Lily was in the proper car seat and the seat appears to have been properly attached , Cohen said . Even though the child was trapped and upside down , her body remained in the seat and above the frigid water . Doctors say that such low temperatures are dangerous , but would be even more so if the baby were wet . Dry cold temperatures are more survivable than wet cold temperatures , Cohen said . Another factor may have been that the girl , as a toddler , has baby fat . If she had been an infant , it might have been a different story , Cohen said . It 's a reminder that the human body is tough . Lily apparently survived for 14 hours in extreme cold , without food or drink . A mystery arose from the rescue : The police officers who entered the water say they heard a voice calling for help . The mother was dead , but the officers said that they heard an adult 's voice calling to them . "  The four of us heard a distinct voice coming from the car , " Warner told CNN . "  To me , it did n't sound like a child 's voice . " The voice gave the rescuers a surge of adrenaline needed to push the vehicle upright , he said . The mother was dead . The child was unconscious , but her eyelids were fluttering , and the rescuers knew she was alive , Warner said . It 's one of those things that does n't have an explanation , he said about the voice . "  It felt like I could hear someone telling me , ' I need help , ' " DeWitt told CNN affiliate KSL . "  It was very surreal , something that I felt like I could hear . " Tyler Beddoes , a third officer at the scene , said the same . "  All I know is that it was there , we all heard it , and that just helped us to push us harder , like I say , and do what we could to rescue anyone inside the car , " he told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " The river is 10 feet deep in some places , police said , but the car hit a shallower spot . Images showed it only partly covered by water . Lily was not submerged , said Police Lt. Matt Johnson . Firefighter Paul Tomadakis freed her from the wreck . He "  grabbed the baby in my arm , raised its head up out of water , as I tried to release the seat belt , " he said . Then Warner took Lily into his arms . "  The child was passed to me and I ran up and climbed into the ambulance with the child , " he said . Police have no explanation for the wreck . No alcohol or drugs were in play , they told KUTV . There were no skid marks leading up to the impact . A tow truck hauled Groesbeck 's car out of the river , and it will be inspected for possible mechanical failures . Groesbeck 's family has set up a gofundme page for donations to help with medical expenses for Lily , and funeral costs for her mother . Late Monday , it had reached more than $ 35,500 , surpassing its goal of $ 8,000 . CNN 's Melanie Whitley , Vivien Kuo , Elizabeth Cohen , Joe Sutton Jackie Castillo and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Family says Lily is awake -- smiling , laughing and singing with her grandfather She was unresponsive when Officer Jared Warner rushed her into an ambulance The baby girl may have been trapped in the car in the cold river for about 14 hours
PERUGIA , Italy  CNN  -- American student Amanda Knox , accused of killing her housemate two years ago , testified in her murder trial Saturday that she was intimidated by Italian police during questioning . American college student Amanda Knox , 21 , testifies Friday at her murder trial in Perugia , Italy . Knox , 21 , is charged in the death of British student Meredith Kercher , who was her housemate in Perugia , a university town north of Rome . Kercher , 20 , died in what prosecutors say was a "  drug-fueled sex game " after suffering a sexual assault . She was found half-naked , with a stab wound to her neck , in her bed November 2 , 2007 . Saturday was the second day of testimony for Knox , who is from Seattle , Washington . The public prosecutor , her defense lawyer , the attorney for her then-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito , and the judge asked her about what happened the night of Kercher 's death and the following day . Both Knox and Sollecito , 25 , are charged with murder and sexual assault . Knox tried to explain Saturday why she gave conflicting answers to police when they interrogated her on November 6 . She said it was a combination of police pressure , their suggestions , and her confused and frightened state of mind . "  When I would say that I was with Raffaele , they would say , ` You are a liar , ' and they repeated this , " she said , testifying in fluent Italian . "  You will go to prison for 30 years . ... You must remember , " Knox recalled the police as saying . Knox said the police were standing behind her and officers were going in and out of the interrogation room . A policewoman next to her was constantly pressing her to give them a name , and an interpreter on her right said people under trauma tend to forget things , she said . "  I was confused . ... I had so much fear , " Knox said . She testified that she thought , "  Hell , perhaps they 're right and I have forgotten . " Knox repeated Saturday that police slapped her on the back of her head while questioning her . As she spoke , she hit her head a few times with her right hand and gestured broadly . Knox testified Friday that she was not at the women 's villa the night Kercher died , which authorities believe was the evening of November 1 . She said she was at Sollecito 's house . Watch Knox take the stand " Knox testified Friday that the couple had dinner , watched a movie , smoked marijuana , had sex and went to bed on the night of November 1 . She said she returned to her and Kercher 's villa the next morning to take a shower . That 's when she said she noticed "  strange things " such as the front door being left open , dried blood in the bathroom sink and on a bath mat , feces in the toilet , and the door to Kercher 's room locked . Watch Knox in court " When Knox returned to Sollecito 's house , she said , he suggested they call police in case the house had been burglarized . Police then found Kercher 's body . All cameras were barred from the courtroom Saturday because the public prosecutor said he wanted to avoid "  sensationalism . " Cameras were allowed at the beginning of the session Friday but then ordered out . Knox 's father , Curt , defended his daughter Saturday . "  What we 've seen over the past five months is a character assassination , and now , hopefully ... . a different point of view of who she is is coming out , " he told reporters . People are beginning to see that "  she is not this dark angel she 's been portrayed as , " he added . "  Amanda did a great job " on the stand , Curt Knox said . "  She was very articulate in her answers . She answered all of the questions truthfully . She was not quivering in her voice . She was looking the judge in the eyes . " Her attorney , Carlo della Vedova , described his client as "  very confident . " "  She has repeated exactly what happened that night , on the fifth and sixth , when she was arrested . She gave all the information that was requested " during her testimony , he said . The trial is to resume next Friday , but Knox is n't expected to testify again . A third person , Ivory Coast native Rudy Hermann Guede , was convicted of murder in a fast-track trial in October and sentenced to 30 years in prison . He is appealing the verdict .	NEW : U.S. student Amanda Knox says questioners badgered , slapped , confused her Knox , ex-boyfriend on trial in death of Knox 's British housemate , Meredith Kercher Knox contends she was at boyfriend 's house the night Kercher was killed Ivory Coast native Rudy Guede sentenced to 30 years for Kercher 's murder
CNN  Stephen Fry is off the market . The British actor and comedian , 57 , married boyfriend Elliott Spencer at a private ceremony in the English county of Norfolk . He shared a picture of the happy couple signing marriage documents . "  Gosh , @ElliottGSpencer and I go into a room as two people , sign a book and leave as one , " he tweeted Saturday . "  Amazing . " Earlier this month , Fry talked about his upcoming nuptials . "  Oh . It looks as though a certain cat is out of a certain bag , " he said . " I 'm very very happy , of course , but had hoped for a private wedding . Fat chance ! " Fry has appeared in various movies , including "  The Hobbit : The Battle of the Five Armies . " He also hosts the British TV comedy show "  QI . "	British actor , 57 , ties the knot at a private ceremony Earlier this month , Fry talked about his upcoming nuptials
CNN  Call it "  The Most Interesting Traffic Ticket in the World . " A Washington state trooper caught a driver using a cardboard cutout of Jonathan Goldsmith , the Dos Equis beer pitchman known as "  The Most Interesting Man in the World . " The driver , who was by himself , was attempting to use the HOV lane . "  The trooper immediately recognized it was a prop and not a passenger , " Trooper Guy Gill told the New York Daily News . "  As the trooper approached , the driver was actually laughing . " Gill sent out a tweet with a photo of the cutout -- who was clad in what looked like a knit shirt , a far cry from his usual attire -- and the unnamed laughing driver : "  I do n't always violate the HOV lane law ... but when I do , I get a $ 124 ticket ! We 'll give him an A for creativity ! " The driver was caught on Interstate 5 near Fife , Washington , just outside Tacoma . "  He could have picked a less recognizable face to put on his prop , " Gill told the Daily News . "  We see that a lot . Usually it 's a sleeping bag . This was very creative . "	A driver was caught in the HOV lane with a cutout of "  Most Interesting Man " He earned a ticket -- and a tweet admiring his tenacity
Washington  CNN  -- Mitch McConnell could soon get a taste of just how daunting it is to run the Senate after years of slamming Democrats for mismanaging the chamber . If he wins his re-election battle in Kentucky and Republicans take control of the Senate in next week 's elections , McConnell will be the next majority leader . But the celebrating might not last long . If he wants to get anything done , McConnell will need to corral an ideologically diverse caucus -- and seek a truce with at least some out-of-power Democrats -- in a narrowly divided chamber where compromises might be tough to reach . Most bills wo n't advance without 60 votes -- a threshold Republicans are unlikely to reach in next week 's election . And he 'll have to do it against a backdrop of the looming 2016 elections when both the Senate and the White House will again be up for grabs . That could be especially challenging for McConnell since several members of his conference -- including Ted Cruz , Rand Paul and Marco Rubio -- could launch presidential bids next year and will face competing political priorities . "  It might be somewhat dysfunctional , " said American University Prof. James Thurber , a congressional expert , who explained that because of this "  permanent campaign " it will be very hard for McConnell to get anything passed . "  It 's not going to be pretty , in my opinion . " In their perfect world , Republicans -- who have not controlled the Senate since 2006 -- would use their new power to showcase to voters they can pass legislation and run the chamber smoothly and with bipartisan input . That means getting enough Democratic votes to pass budgets , spending bills and other GOP priorities -- such as the Keystone XL pipeline , a slew of House-passed jobs bills and changes to Obamacare -- with a 60 vote filibuster-proof threshold . Doing so would help Republicans argue they should stay in charge after the next election . "  The basic functions of Congress are gone and we 'd like to restore that , " a Republican aide said . McConnell , whose soft-spoken demeanor masks the hardball political fighter within , is in many ways the perfect leader for such a cause . He is known as a smart legislative tactician , who cuts deals with Democrats when needed , even though he has poor personal relations with his Democratic counterpart , Harry Reid , and President Barack Obama . But cutting deals might be more difficult next year because of powerful conflicting forces in the Senate GOP caucus . There is a large group of Republican senators from purple or blue states -- including Rob Portman of Ohio and Pennsylvania 's Pat Toomey -- who are up for re-election and need to appeal to a broader base of voters . They might see compromise as the best way to hold their seats and keep Republicans in power . But the party also includes three tea party senators with presidential ambitions -- Cruz , Paul and Rubio -- who are likely to oppose efforts by McConnell to move bills that do n't meet their strict ideological standards . Democrats marvel at the prospects of McConnell trying to reconcile these forces . "  They 'll be crawling all over each other to get further and further to the right and there is no way that does n't impact what 's going on in the Senate , " said one Democratic aide about the impact of potential tea party presidential candidates . "  McConnell is going to have to deal with the general tea party strengths that have existed the last several years and it 's only going to be stronger on the Senate floor when you have three of their guys clamoring for that part of the vote in a presidential primary . " Before McConnell can become majority leader he must stave off a robust challenge in his Kentucky Senate race from Democrat Allison Grimes if he is to win a sixth term . That race appears headed to the wire . If he wins control of the chamber , McConnell will have to deal with the likes of Cruz and Paul , who have been thorns in the side of Harry Reid , the current Senate majority leader . They have commandeered the floor in high-profile fights against Obama 's policies . As a sign that might continue under GOP control , Cruz already has warned Senate leaders that he will oppose efforts in the post-election lame duck session to move anything but must-pass legislation . He wants to leave other issues for the newly elected Congress , even though some Republican leaders would like to clear as many pending matters as possible so Republicans can get started with a clean slate in January . In the upcoming 2016 election cycle , Republicans will have defend 24 seats while Democrats will have to protect just 10 . About 14 GOP-held seats are from purple or blue states such as North Carolina , Ohio , New Hampshire , and Florida that Democrats think they can win back . Republicans worry Democrats will do whatever they can do make Republicans look like they are unfit to govern . "  The Democrats see an opportunity to keep the White House in 2016 and pick up seats and get the majority back in , " the GOP aide said . "  The Dems see this and they are going to do everything they can over the next two years so we ca n't get accomplishments . " "  If they put forward reasonable bills , I 'm sure they will earn some Democratic support , " the Democratic aide said . "  But I think the tea party folks are so absolutist it 's a real risk for McConnell and his leadership to move anything toward the middle and pick up Democratic votes . " One open question is whether the McConnell-led GOP conference will try to restore changes in filibuster rules put in place by Democrats this Congress . Right now , aides say a decision has n't been reached . The rule change made it easier for Democrats to confirm the president 's nominees . Republicans condemned it as a power play that damaged the long term health of the Senate . The disagreement poisoned the already sour relationship between McConnell and Reid . McConnell often notes that divided government -- where one party controls Congress and the other the White House -- has led to some of the biggest deals on some of the thorniest issues in recent decades , including reforms of welfare , Social Security and the tax code . "  If you have one party in the Congress and one party at the White House , there is no incentive for them to attack each other because they 're both involved and it makes it easier to do something , assuming both sides want to get involved , " the GOP aide said . But the Democratic aide was n't as optimistic : "  My gut tells me that the bad feeling that run on both sides sort of make both sides leery of coming together on something big , " the aide said .	Mitch McConnell is in line to be the next Senate Majority Leader if Republicans control the chamber McConnell will face challenges keeping his members together
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- As it entered its second week , the Oscar Pistorius murder trial turned into an episode of "  CSI , " replete with gory autopsy details and photographs of the crime scene . Even the bathroom door through which he shot his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp , was reassembled and put up in court . Drama from the trial came from a police expert swinging Pistorius ' cricket bat at the door in court to try to determine whether he was wearing his prosthetic legs when he did it . It came as well from detailed descriptions of the damage hollow-tip bullets do to human flesh . And then , of course , there was the effect of the evidence on Pistorius himself , who spent hours vomiting as he was forced to relive seeing Steenkamp 's mortal wounds . The sprinter admits that he killed Steenkamp , his 29-year-old girlfriend of about four months , on Valentine 's Day 2013 but says it was a terrible accident , not premeditated murder . Pistorius , 27 , is pleading not guilty to murder and three other weapons charges . Prosecution and defense battled all week over the meaning of four types of evidence . One : The autopsy Steenkamp died of multiple gunshot wounds , including one that passed through her brain from above her right eye to the base of her skull , pathologist Gert Saayman testified . That wound was probably almost instantly fatal , he said , but either of the two other bullets that hit her in the hip and the right arm could have been fatal on their own , he said . She also had a wound between the fingers of one hand , he explained . The angle of the bullet that fractured her skull suggested she might not have been standing when she was hit , Saayman said . The bullets that hit her were hollow-tipped , designed to cause maximum tissue damage , he testified . Steenkamp was wearing Nike shorts and a black sleeveless top when she died , Saayman said . There 's no dispute that Pistorius fired the bullets that killed Steenkamp through his bathroom door , so the most important area of debate from the autopsy was the state of food in her stomach . Saayman said it suggested she had eaten about two hours before she died , which contradicts Pistorius ' version of events that they had been asleep in bed for hours before the killing . Pistorius ' defense lawyer , Barry Roux , fought tooth and nail to cast doubt on Saayman 's finding about the stomach contents , but Saayman gave no ground . Two : The door The actual door through which Pistorius fired the bullets into Steenkamp was on display in court for much of the week , a mock-up of the toilet room behind it . Four bullet holes and several other marks in the wood were clearly visible . Prosecution and defense disagree on whether Pistorius put his legs on before or after bashing the door with a cricket bat to get to his girlfriend . Police forensic analyst J.G. Vermeulen testified that the angle of the bat marks in the door indicated Pistorius was still on the stumps of his legs at that point , demonstrating in court the angle of the swing . But the defense disputed his version , with two lawyers from the Pistorius team taking their own swings at the door during a break , then making Vermeulen swing on the door from his knees . Vermeulen insisted that the stances the defense made him adopt were "  unnatural , " to which Roux responded : "  Unnatural for you . " There was also discussion of another mark in the door that Vermeulen said was not from a cricket bat . The defense says it 's where Pistorius kicked the door with his prosthetic leg before going for his bat . Vermeulen said that was a possibility but refused to accept it was the only explanation . He said he had not tested the mark because his assignment had been only to check the cricket bat marks . There was also discussion about footprints that appeared on the door in some photos but are not there now . Vermeulen said they were consistent with police shoes . Roux used their disappearance to suggest the door had been handled sloppily by police -- stepping on it when it was on the floor and later wiping the marks off -- to cast doubt on its reliability as evidence . Three : Police photos of the house The court saw more than 150 photos of Pistorius ' house taken by police in the hours and days after Steenkamp was killed , showing shocking images including a blood-spattered toilet and the Olympian 's gun , still cocked , on a blood-stained floor . The position of several key objects could help determine whether Pistorius is telling the truth about the events leading up to Steenkamp 's death . Attention focuses on the position of spent bullet cartridges on the floor , two iPhones and the fan that Pistorius says he went out onto his balcony to get before the heard the noise which he thought was a burglar . The photos also show the trail of blood from the bathroom to the lower floor from when Pistorius carried Steenkamp 's body down the stairs . Four : Phone records Pistorius and several of his neighbors made calls to security in the minutes after the shooting . The record of the calls between about 3:15 and 3:22 a.m. have helped establish a timeline of events , even as witnesses dispute who called whom and when . Ex-police commander 's testimony aids defense	Gory autopsy details and photographs of the crime scene shown at the trial Oscar Pistorius is charged with murder in the slaying of his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp He says her shooting death was an accident , not premeditated murder The bathroom door through which she was shot was reassembled in court
New York  CNN  -- For all the discord the Bush administration sowed on the world stage -- withdrawing from the Kyoto Protocol and various arms agreements , holding foreign nationals indefinitely at Guantanamo with restricted rights , generally disdaining multilateralism -- the previous president was rightfully celebrated for his commitment to fighting the global AIDS epidemic . In the four years following the unprecedented creation in 2004 of the funding mechanism known as PEPFAR  President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief  , Bush sent some $ 19 billion to Africa and other hard-hit parts of the world . How much has the Obama administration added this year ? Only $ 366 million beyond the prior year 's level . It does n't come close to the $ 1 billion a year the current president promised to add as a candidate . That Republican president Bush was a bigger advocate on AIDS than "  liberal " Obama may come as a surprise , but many people around the world are starting to notice the discrepancy . That includes Desmond Tutu , the former archbishop of Cape Town and Nobel laureate . On Wednesday , Tutu took the president to task in a sharply worded New York Times op-ed that noted substantially fewer additional African HIV patients will receive treatment than did under Bush if the funding slack persists . Indeed , according to two Harvard researchers , if aid is n't substantially increased over Bush-era levels , an estimated 1.2 million avoidable deaths could occur just in South Africa over the next five years . That would happen on Obama 's watch . Domestically , the news is n't much better . When Obama rolled out his ballyhooed national HIV/AIDS strategy last week , there was no new funding attached , just a mandate to re-allocate existing funds to the communities most in need and the tactics that work best . For all his global generosity , Bush was rightly knocked stateside for prioritizing abstinence-based prevention approaches over condom-based ones . The needs of gay men , one of the most affected groups of Americans , were largely left out of the playbook altogether because of pressure from the Christian right . Read about men who have survived 30 years with HIV But for all the innovative ideas in the strategy document , such as using social media to raise awareness of HIV/AIDS , what we really need is money . The federal/state AIDS Drug Assistance Program , which provides HIV drugs to more than 200,000 uninsured and underinsured people , has a wait list of some 2,300 people . And it 's growing monthly . That 's too many Americans going without medicines that can save their lives . Meanwhile , the number of people living with HIV/AIDS in the U.S. -- more than 1 million -- continues to rise . In some cities , the situation is as bad as parts of Africa . In Washington , 3 percent of residents have HIV/AIDS . Of course , in many parts of Africa , the statistics are much more dire . In South Africa , some 5.7 million people are HIV-positive . That 's 11 percent of the population . But you would n't believe how few federal dollars go to finding a cure : just $ 40 million in 2009 , according to the AIDS Policy Project . I know the country is lurching back from recession and funds across the board are tight . But if the administration can approve hundreds of billions of dollars for stimulus spending or health care reform -- let alone the countless billions of dollars wasted by a bloated intelligence infrastructure -- then the White House can certainly commit a fraction of these amounts to help out an even worthier cause : people 's well-being . It takes vigilance to beat back the HIV/AIDS scourge , to make sure people with HIV get the treatment they need to survive , and that people without the virus stay free of it . We 've made important strides in recent years . Just this week , the promising results of a South African microbicide trial were announced , meaning that down the road women may be able to protect themselves from the virus without a vaccine . But there 's still a lot to do . If America cuts back on aid , other countries will , too , because we 're the pacesetter . The Obama administration defends itself by saying the U.S. is the world 's biggest financial contributor to the fight against HIV/AIDS . As important as that is , we need to keep up with the epidemic , which requires more resources every year . Obama should listen to his fellow Nobel laureate Tutu , who helped lead his country out of apartheid , and lead the way on ending this scourge , both globally and here at home . After all , he wants posterity to judge him more favorably than Bush , right ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sean Kennedy .	George W. Bush set standard for increasing U.S. aid to fight AIDS , says Sean Kennedy He says President Obama has not lived up to his promise to add $ 1 billion more to the fight Kennedy says national commitment to fighting HIV/AIDS needs strengthening He says Obama should respond to Desmond Tutu 's call for spending more on HIV/AIDS
CNN  -- Late goals from Fernando Torres and Branislav Ivanovic gave European champions Chelsea a 4-2 win over promoted Reading at Stamford Bridge Wednesday . The hard-fought victory put Chelsea top of the early standings in the English Premier League with two wins from two games . But they were made to work hard by the battling visitors , who led 2-1 deep into the second half after Frank Lampard had put the home side ahead with an 18th-minute penalty . Chelsea 's new signing Eden Hazard was again influential , winning a penalty after being pulled down by defender Chris Gunter . Veteran midfielder Lampard easily beat Adam Federici and last season 's Champions League winners looked set for a comfortable victory . Are footballers on a par with bankers ? But in a dramatic turnaround , Russia international Pavel Pogrebnyak -- who played for Fulham in the Premier League last season -- leveled with a firm header from a Garath McCleary cross before the visitors went ahead as Danny Guthrie 's free kick found its way past Petr Cech . It was a soft goal to concede by the home goalkeeper , but midway through the second half Chelsea were level after an even worse blunder by Federici . He allowed a speculative long-range effort from defender Gary Cahill to go under his body , similar to his mistake in the 1-1 draw with Stoke in Reading 's EPL opener on Saturday . Chelsea pushed forward in search of a winner , but there was an element of fortune when Torres struck from close range as replays appeared to indicate the Euro 2012 winner was offside as he received a pass from England defender Ashley Cole in the 81st minute . Federici 's miserable evening was complete when the Australian came up for a corner in injury time , but it was cleared quickly and Torres then Hazard set up Ivanovic for the clinching fourth goal . The three points put Roberto Di Matteo 's men top of the EPL table for the first time since November 2010 after a fixture brought forward due to Chelsea 's involvement in the UEFA Super Cup , where they will play Spain 's Europa League winners Atletico Madrid in Monaco on Friday . Meanwhile , troubled Spanish club Malaga took a step nearer their first appearance in the Champions League group stage with a 2-0 win over Panathinaikos of Greece in the first leg of their final qualifier . Malaga saw several top players depart in the close season but Jesualdo Ferreira 's men were too good for their Greek visitors with first-half goals from Argentine defender Martin Demichelis and Portuguese winger Eliseu . Cypriot side AEL Limassol will take a 2-1 lead over Anderlecht of Belgium into the second leg , while Croatia 's Dinamo Zagreb lead Maribor of Slovenia by the same score . Belarus side BATE Borisov were 2-0 winners against Hapoel Kiryat Shmona of Israel , while a superb goal from Ismaily earned a 1-1 home draw for Portugal 's Braga against Italian visitors Udinese , who had led through Dusan Basta .	Chelsea beat Reading 4-2 at Stamford Bridge to go top of EPL Two wins from two games for reigning European champions Fernando Torres and Branislav Ivanovic with late goals for Chelsea Malaga beat Panathinaikos 2-0 in Champions League qualifier
CNN  -- The world received word yesterday that the publishers of Encyclopedia Britannica would stop producing hardbound , paper copies of their venerable reference . Actually , they stopped in 2010 but did n't tell anyone . Now they 've disclosed they 've been able to sell just 8,000 copies of the collection . The rest are in a warehouse in Chicago , looking for someone who needs historically accurate , out-of-date information . According to the company , they 'll continue publishing online and will sell their services to individuals , schools and libraries . In some respects , that 's good . The Web is much more easily updated , more interactive , and can deliver motion , sound , and color simultaneously . In other respects , that 's not good , particularly for young readers , older folks , immigrants , and technophobes who 'd rather read a book . Britannica 's decision is , in so many ways , simply a mile marker along the way to the new world of the 21st century . In mid-20th century America , a set of Britannicas on the shelf was a status symbol : a sign that the family had money , taste , some pretense to intellect , or at least a very strong desire to be seen that way . Other families had the World Book , Colliers , or the Encyclopedia Americana  my own family 's choice  . Annual yearbooks updated entries in science , technology , industrial manufacturing , botany , and more . And , for so many of us who grew up in the 20th century , it was fun just to look through those volumes , read , and wonder about the world . Wikipedia has largely replaced those printed volumes , principally because it 's free . Everything on the Web is free  or should be , according to its most passionate users  . The fact that it 's not written , edited , or monitored by content matter experts seems to be of little concern . Crowd-sourcing has replaced experts and , though not good , the accuracy quotient of Wikipedia articles seems to be improving . This is , however , part of a trend that assumes expertise is overvalued . Today , most technology users value connectivity and experience . Newspapers and magazines are in decline , bloggers and content aggregators are on the ascendant . The problem with crowd-sourcing the answer to any particular question is , of course , that you 're as likely to find ideologically driven opinion as hard fact . You also have little in the way of support for judgments about credibility , reliability , and accuracy . Ours is a society that can not afford to do without a postal service , daily newspapers , and expertly edited sources of public knowledge . The notion that all knowledge is available online within six clicks is both exciting and a bit frightening  have you Googled yourself , your friends , or your children to see what 's online , including images ?  . The disappearance of our printed sources of information poses two serious concerns . First , our antiquated , overtaxed , patchwork power grid is perennially on the verge of collapse . Chinese hackers , aging components , or an F4 tornado could take down large segments of our power supply . No power , no Internet . Second , just two-thirds of all Americans have access to the Internet at work or home . Those of us who live with an iPhone , Blackberry , tablet device  or a desktop computer  seem to think just about everyone is connected . Not so . Online access is far from a given for lower-income people . Wireless handheld devices and municipal WiFi systems look promising , but more than 100 million Americans are not connected to the Internet , according to the Pew Research Center 's Internet and American Life Project . Clearly this is a hinge point in history , much like Gutenberg 's use of moveable type to operate a printing press , or Marconi 's use of wireless communication to transmit the human voice over vast distances . The arrival of video scanning -- which made digital optics possible -- and high-speed data processing have accelerated the rate of change and we 're simply going to have to live with it and make the best of it . In the interim , we could think about buying a book or subscribing to a newspaper  just for old time 's sake  , or we could do something important for that one-third of our neighbors that will serve as an information safety net : Support your local public library . They , too , offer access to the Internet , but they also offer a clean , safe , nicely organized source for each of us to find information that 's useful , valuable , interesting , and helpful . Looking forward to the world our children and their children will live in does n't mean simply abandoning technology that seems anachronistic . It means preserving the best of what we know and making it accessible to everyone . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James S. O'Rourke , IV .	Encyclopedia Britannica announced that it wo n't print more books James O'Rourke says as much as we gain from the Internet , there are also losses Britannica 's accuracy and availability made it a valuable resource , he says O'Rourke : A third of Americans are n't connected to the web
CNN  -- Here 's an uncomfortable truth confronting Chinese President Xi Jinping : It 's 2014 , but the pro-democracy , pro-rights sentiments that manifested across China as demonstrations in 1989 are still alive and well . For 25 years , the Chinese government has tried to expunge the June 4 , 1989 , Tiananmen massacre from history to deny people inside the country any knowledge of the event . And as the second largest economy in the world , Olympic host , and U.N. Security Council member , Beijing has also maintained to the outside world that June 4 is "  much ado about nothing " and a "  strictly internal affair . " Beijing 's strategy of suppression has proved successful in some quarters . Many in China have generally focused on getting ahead economically while staying away from politics . But in other quarters , the strategy has produced the opposite outcome , fueling domestic demands for accountability and ongoing attention to China 's abysmal human rights record . "  Harmonious society , " "  social stability , " "  stability maintenance " -- these are the watchwords of the current Chinese government . But imposed stability is oxymoronic . Not a week goes by without hundreds of protests over land or housing issues in rural areas , and environmental or infrastructure projects in major urban areas . China 's security forces and judiciary systems are using increasingly heavy-handed tactics to track and suppress all manners of peaceful expressions in ethnic minority regions . Uyghur Muslims are prohibited from wearing beards . Prosecutions are set up against those who know Tibetans who self-immolated . Despite a proliferation of laws , there are few avenues for public feedback , let alone redress or debate without fear of reprisal for ordinary citizens . The combination of repression and denial of justice are clearly breeding more , not less , discontent in China . Every year in the weeks leading up to June 4 , critics of the Chinese government anticipate higher-than-usual scrutiny , ranging from arbitrary impositions of house arrest to people being taken to police stations to "  have tea . " This year 's crackdown started early and ferociously . In early May , roughly a dozen people gathered in a Beijing apartment to discuss Tiananmen . They sent a photograph of the group and a brief summary of the discussion to friends and contacts . Within a few days , five of them , well-known human rights lawyer Pu Zhiqiang , academics Xu Youyu and Hao Jian , blogger Liu Di , and dissident Hu Shigen had all been criminally detained on charges of causing a disturbance . Previous gatherings like this had merited the attention of the police , but had not resulted in actual charges . So spooked are Chinese authorities that Ding Zilin , the founder of the Tiananmen Mothers , a group formed to press for accountability for family members ' deaths in 1989 , has been told she may not return to Beijing in early June . This will be the first year she must observe the anniversary of her son 's death from afar . China 's central and local governments occasionally make concessions , seemingly designed to placate popular frustrations . The widely loathed arbitrary detention system known as "  re-education through labor , " in which people could be incarcerated by police for up to three years with no trial , was abolished in late 2013 . Some of the most controversial chemical and industrial facilities have been shut down or construction put on hold . But many of these are half measures , or only temporary fixes . In response to the political status quo , a law-based , rights-oriented consciousness has emerged in China , and advocates known as the weiquan have started a "  rights defense " movement . These activists , who endure police monitoring , detention , arrest , enforced disappearance and torture , monitor and document human rights cases across the country . Some of their most prominent members were involved in the 1989 protests , and they say that Tiananmen and its legacy informs their current efforts . Four of these lawyers were detained and tortured in Heilongjiang province in March 2014 , yet have continued to try to represent politically unpopular cases . Similarly , the New Citizens Movement is an informal group that has advocated the promotion of civic rights and participation , including the public disclosure of officials ' assets to curb corruption , or protecting the rights of children of migrant workers . At least five of its members , including prominent lawyer Xu Zhiyong , have been sentenced this year on charges of "  gathering crowds to disturb public order . " These activists , too , know the price they are likely to pay for their efforts , yet they carry on , believing that transforming society into a democracy that respects the rule of law requires citizen participation . The Internet and social media have replaced the hand-lettered placards at Tiananmen , but the messages are similar : accountability for abusive officials , transparency from the state , justice for all . Independent Chinese organizations try to engage directly with United Nations organizations . But these kinds of actions often provoke extraordinary wrath of the government . One activist , Cao Shunli , was imprisoned in 2013 for her efforts to participate in a review of China 's record at the United Nations Human Rights Council . She died in detention in February 2014 after being denied adequate medical treatment . A truly confident leadership in Beijing would recognize these demands for what they are : efforts to improve life for ordinary people across the country . And while such groups are prevented from gathering at Tiananmen , they increasingly find one another and try to push for change via social media and legal channels . They show no sign of scaling back their demands for human rights . So , will the Chinese government meet them halfway at least ?	June 4 marks the 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square massacre Sophie Richardson : When will China 's leaders stop whitewashing the event ? She says Beijing 's tactics of suppression and crackdown breed discontent Richardson : Brave Chinese activists are still trying to defend human rights
The scrapbook is filled with photographs and tributes : they show Dominique Bons ' son Nicolas growing from a teenager into a young man . Offering brief glimpses of past holidays and family moments , clues to his passions and personality , the book is one of Bons ' few souvenirs of her son 's short life . Nicolas , from Toulouse , converted to Islam four years ago , gradually becoming more and more devout . Bons , who is a former French soldier , says Nicolas had never spoken to her about wanting to join a religious war , but last year the 30-year-old announced he and his half-brother were going on vacation together . Three weeks later he called to say they were in Syria -- two of the more than 900 French citizens the government believes are involved in the jihad there and in Iraq . Within days , his half-brother was killed , and shortly afterward he spoke to his mother for the last time , telling her she would be notified if anything happened to him . In late December , Bons received a text message explaining that Nicolas has been killed in "  an explosives operation " -- that 's all she knows . "  The body ? There is no body ... I do n't have a body , " she says . "  If he was killed in a truck filled with explosives , the body ... boom ! " Because no body has been recovered , there is also no death certificate , meaning that -- officially at least , in France -- Nicolas is still alive . For his mother , he always will be . In her grief , she has written a poem -- added to the treasured scrapbook -- telling her son : "  You will exist in my heart eternally . I love you . " Unlike Bons , one anonymous French bus driver knows his daughter is still alive in Syria -- but he is desperately worried that may not be the case for much longer . The man -- who asked not to be identified out of concern for his daughter 's safety -- says the 23-year-old converted to Islam and married a Tunisian man before moving to Syria with the couple 's two children . The couple said they were going there to do humanitarian work ; they are now believed to be in Raqqa , and safe -- for the moment at least -- but the city , an ISIS stronghold , is a target of coalition forces . And both father and daughter fear she could be arrested if she comes back to France . He has a warning for other parents : "  Pay attention ... it could happen to you before you even know it . " David Thomson , author of "  The French Jihadists , " believes there are many reasons why so many French Muslims are becoming radicalized and heading to Iraq and Syria to join militant groups . "  Religious frustrations , material frustrations , perhaps a feeling that it would be a sin to stay back in France , a desire to experience this historic moment and die fighting the coalition , " he explains . Concerned at the growing threat of radicalization , French authorities have introduced new regulations in an effort to stem the tide of citizens traveling to the Middle East to join the fight . "  We had to change our rules in different ways , " Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius explained to CNN 's Christiane Amanpour recently . "  First we decided that the government , the administration , would be able to suspend not only passports but also ID for people whose intention is to go to Syria . " The second step is to encourage families concerned at the path their children appear to be taking to contact the authorities and report their fears . "  Because we have many cases where families do not agree with the youngster and at the moment they are aware that the young people want to leave and therefore they have to get in touch with us in order to have a reaction , " he said . "  We have to be very , very strict and to explain to these young people , especially the young girls -- 13 , 14 years old -- that if they are going there , some of them think that it will be a new life , -LSB- but -RSB- in fact they are prostitutes , they are sexual slaves . "  The young people are utilized and many of them are killed . " Fouad El Bathy has spent the past nine months trying to bring his teenage sister safely home from Syria before it is too late . Nora , 16 , was recruited and given a plane ticket to join the fight in Syria , according to French intelligence . Fouad is convinced she is being held against her will , and took the risky step of trying to find her and get her back -- he was even taken captive at one point . But when he finally tracked her down , he could n't convince her to leave . "  I told her to come back with me but she cried and beat her head against the wall and she said I ca n't I ca n't . " Later he was told the leader of the group wanted to marry her . Since Nora is a minor , El Bathy 's lawyer hopes that if she does make it back he can persuade French officials to treat her as a victim not a combatant . Like El Bathy and Bons , the relatives of many of those caught up in the jihadists ' web say they feel powerless to protect their children and siblings . Bons has set up an organization aimed at publicizing what has happened to some of those who have made the trip to Iraq and Syria . She hopes that by spreading the news through schools and social media , she can convince others of the dangers posed by Islamist extremists -- though for her son , it is too late . READ MORE : Everything you need to know about the rise of ISISREAD MORE : How foreign fighters are swelling ISIS ranks	France says some 950 French nationals are involved in jihad Experts say there are many reasons why they choose to travel to Syria and Iraq to fight Nicolas Bons , 30 , was killed in "  an explosives operation " in Syria ; his half-brother also died His mother wants others to be aware of the dangers posed by Islamist extremists
CNN  -- Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce kept her tag of the fastest woman in the world with a performance as dominating as her Jamaican male counterpart Usain Bolt 24 hours earlier to claim the 100m title at the world championships Monday . The diminutive 1.52 m tall sprinter recovered from an indifferent start to drive through the line in 10.71 seconds , the fastest time of the year . After a build-up dominated by doping scandals involving Trinidad and Tobago 's Kelly-Ann Baptiste and her own teammate Veronica Campbell-Brown , who would both have been medal contenders , Fraser-Pryce reminded everyone of her formidable talent . The double Olympic champion and winner of the world title in 2009 shrugged off a minor injury problem to win from Ivorian Murielle Ahoure  10.93  , with defending champion Carmelita Jeter of the United States taking the bronze  10.94  . "  I had my obstacles - I was starting to feel pain under my left butt cheek , " Fraser-Pryce revealed after her victory . "  I am surrounded by great people . I came here and did my best and actually won . It was really hurting but I knew what I worked for . " While Fraser-Pryce 's win was clear cut , Britain 's Christine Ohuruogu won by the slenderest of margins from Botswana 's defending world champion Amantle Montsho in the women 's 400m . Ohuruogu made her customary late charge for the line to overhaul Montsho , who looked a certain winner even 10m out . Her desperate dip saw her given the verdict in 49.41 seconds , a new national record , with Montsho awarded the same time . Home hope Antonina Krivoshapka claimed bronze in 49.78 seconds in front of the Moscow crowd . Ohuruogu , a former Olympic and world champion , was returning to the top of the podium after taking silver at the 2012 London Games . "  It 's like a dream , it 's too much " she admitted . "  I can not believe it . After the race , I did not want to get too excited until I knew for sure that I won , until my name got out first . In other finals on the third day of competition , New Zealand 's Valerie Adams won a record fourth women 's shot put title . The two-time Olympic champion hurled the implement 20.88 m , with Germany 's Christina Schwanitz and China 's Gong Lijiao taking the silver and bronze . The United States tasted gold success in the men 's 110m hurdles as 31-year-old David Oliver crossed the line first in 13 seconds dead from compatriot Ryan Wilson in silver with Russian Sergey Shubenkov back in third . German Raphael Holzdeppe was surprise winner of the men 's pole vault with a 5.89 m clearance , beating reigning Olympic champion Renaud Lavillenie of France on count back . Another German , Bjorn Otto , took bronze .	Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce wins women 's 100m at world championships Diminutive Jamaican runs fastest time of the season Build up to event dominated by positive doping tests Christine Ohuruogu dips for 400m gold
CNN  Cigarettes have been put out across the bars of New Orleans . Cigars are welcome no more . The city known for excess of everything -- drinking , eating , dancing in the street until all hours -- went smoke-free as Tuesday became Wednesday at midnight . How can that be ? It turns out that the city known for its over-the-top Mardi Gras celebrations and incredible jazz fests  starting Friday !  did n't want its waiters and musicians to have to breathe smoke to do their jobs anymore . The New Orleans City Council passed its ban against smoking in most places across the city -- including bars , casinos and restaurants -- in January , and the vote was unanimous , the New Orleans Times-Picayune reports . Bar owners worried about potential revenue loss , while puffing customers bemoaned the loss of their smoking spots . Harrah 's New Orleans and bar owners filed a lawsuit to stop the ban , and a hearing is scheduled in state court in a month , CNN affiliate WAPT reports . Fines start at $ 50 . Luckily for us , none of CNN 's 15 New Orleans must-do 's -- including touring Treme or eating a beignet -- requires smoking .	New Orleans bars are smoke-free as of Wednesday morning A lawsuit by Harrah 's and bar owners seeks to overturn the ban
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Miranda Lambert was the big winner at this year 's Academy of Country Music Awards , but it was Luke Bryan who pulled off the upset of the night . Bryan snagged the entertainer of the year award , beating out two-time winner Taylor Swift and last year 's favorite Blake Shelton for the fan-voted award . "  Thank you so much fans for doing this to me , " a clearly emotional Bryan said at the Last Vegas show . "  Thank you so much for making my life what it is . What I always wanted to be was just a country singer who got to ride on a tour bus and show up on a new stage and play music every night . " "  This is the defining moment of my life , and it means the world to me , " he added . "  I will never take it for granted . " Bryan 's star has been on the up and up in recent months . At the American Country Awards in December , the "  Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye " singer picked up nine awards , including artist of the year , album of the year for "  Tailgates and Tanlines " and single of the year for "  I Do n't Want This Night To End . " Lambert had a pretty great night as well Sunday . "  Over You , " a ballad she co-wrote with her husband Blake Shelton , netted Lambert three awards : record of the year , single record of the year  which goes to the performer  and song of the year  which goes to the composer  . The song is about the death of Shelton 's brother in a car wreck . Lambert also won her fourth straight female vocalist of the year . In all , she swept the show with four awards -- the most of the night . "  As a songwriter , having your songs and your lyrics be recognized by your peers is pretty much as good as it gets , " Lambert said . The following is a list of winners : Entertainer of the year Luke Bryan Male vocalist of the year Jason Aldean Female vocalist of the year Miranda Lambert Vocal duo of the year Thompson Square Vocal group of the year Little Big Town New artist of the year Florida Georgia Line Album of the year Chief -- Eric Church Single record of the year Over You -- Miranda Lambert Song of the year Over You -- Miranda Lambert Video of the year Tornado -- Little Big Town Vocal event of the year The Only Way I Know -- Jason Aldean With Luke Bryan & Eric Church New male vocalist of the year Brantley Gilbert New female vocalist of the year Jana Kramer New vocal duo or group of the year Florida Georgia Line	Bryan beats Taylor Swift for entertainer of the year award "  This is the defining moment of my life , " he says Lambert takes home four awards , the most of the night
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Defense Secretary Robert Gates said missile strikes in Pakistan will continue in an effort to root out al Qaeda members . Robert Gates testifies Tuesday before a Senate panel . He was wearing bandages from surgery he had on his arm . Gates spoke to the Senate Armed Services Committee in his first comments to Congress as President Obama 's defense secretary . In response to a question from committee Chairman Carl Levin , D-Michigan , Gates said the strikes will continue to target terrorists who have based themselves across the border from Afghanistan . "  Let me just say , both President Bush and President Obama have made clear that we will go after al Qaeda wherever al Qaeda is . And we will continue to pursue this , " Gates said . Asked by Levin whether Pakistan is aware of this continued pursuit , Gates replied simply , "  Yes , sir . " Seventeen people were killed Friday in two missile strikes in the ungoverned tribal area of Pakistan . A government official and two military officials said they were U.S. attacks . They were the first such strikes since Obama took office Tuesday . The tribal region of Pakistan has seen a sharp spike in the number of aerial attacks carried out by unmanned drones . The United States has the only military with drones operating in the area . In 2008 , there were 30 suspected U.S. missile strikes in Pakistan , based on a count by CNN in Islamabad . Gates opened his comments with a clear message that Afghanistan is at the top of his to-do list . In one of the clearest indications of the military planning for adding troops , Gates outlined a deployment of two brigades by spring and the third by late summer . Read Gates ' prepared testimony  PDF Additional troops , even if available to deploy , could not be added until later this year because it would take that much time to build out the required infrastructure in Afghanistan to support the troops , Gates explained . Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , who was instrumental in pushing for a troop surge in Iraq , warned that a troop increase in Afghanistan may not achieve the same results . Gates himself noted that increased military presence must be accompanied by non-military solutions if progress is to be made in the war . When Gates arrived for his testimony Tuesday , he wore bandages on his left arm and had his suit jacket draped over his left shoulder . He had surgery Friday after tearing his biceps tendon while trying to attach a snow plow blade to his tractor . Regarding withdrawal from Iraq , Gates said the military is planning various options , with the quickest withdrawal being the 16-month period -- ending in May 2010 -- outlined by Obama when he was running for president . "  We are working on a range of options for the president , " he said . Among them is "  essentially a completion of the work of the brigade combat teams and a transition to an assist-and-advisory role beginning at 16 months and proceeding further forward . " Under a recently approved agreement with Iraq , the United States is required to have all troops out by the end of 2011 . Even after that , however , Gates indicated that a continued role of some kind is likely . "  As our military presence decreases over time , we should still expect to be involved in Iraq on some level for many years to come , assuming a sovereign Iraq continues to seek our partnership , " he said . "  The stability of Iraq remains critical to the future of the Middle East , a region that multiple presidents of both political parties have considered vital to the national security of the United States . " Gates also acknowledged that some decisions he had decided to put off when he was Bush 's defense secretary are now back on his plate , especially the budget . "  As I focused on the wars these past two years , I ended up punting a number of procurement decisions that I believed would be more appropriately handled by my successor and a new administration . Well , as luck would have it , I am now the receiver of those punts , and in this game there are no fair catches , " Gates noted . "  While this will undoubtedly be a long and difficult fight , we can attain what I believe should be among our strategic objectives : an Afghan people who do not provide a safe haven for al Qaeda , reject the rule of the Taliban , and support the legitimate government that they elected and in which they have a stake , " Gates said .	Defense secretary says efforts to root out al Qaeda in Pakistan will continue Robert Gates says greatest military challenge is Afghanistan Two more brigades planned for Afghanistan by spring , a third by summer , he says Gates says military working on range of options for withdrawing troops from Iraq
CNN  -- A pair of giant trimarans are battling for line honors in the Rolex Fastnet Race , one of yachting 's classic offshore races . Loick Peyron 's Maxi Banque Populaire was leading fellow French entry , the Seb Josse-skippered Gitana 11 , by eight nautical miles as they rounded Fastnet Rock off south-west Ireland and headed for the finish in Plymouth in south-west England . Maxi Banque Populaire is considered the world 's fastest offshore boat with massive 140-foot long hulls , much bigger than the 77-feet of Gitana 11 , so the relatively small gap between the two was a surprise . At Fastnet rock , which was reached early on Monday morning , there is approximately 250 miles to the finish . The two leaders were being tracked by trimarans Veolia Environnement of France and Switzerland 's Race for Water , which has round the world yachtswoman Dee Caffari as a key crew member . A record fleet of 314 starters set sail from Cowes on the Isle of Wight Sunday , battling it out for overall and handicap honors in their various classes . Rolex Fastnet Race official website Peyron and his team reached The Needles within an hour , sailing at speeds of over 20 knots . It is the largest fleet since the 303 in the ill-fated 1979 race when the competitors were caught up in a vicious storm and 15 died . Restrictions on the size of the fleet were introduced in the wake of that tragedy . The Fastnet Race is the Royal Ocean Racing Club 's flagship event and held every two years . The 608-mile course goes along the south coast of England , across the Celtic Sea to the Fastnet Rock before returning around the Scilly Isles to the finish in Plymouth . The race record of 44 hours 18 minutes is held by Mike Slade 's Icap Leopard 3 , set in 2007 .	Leading trimarans round Fastnet Rock in yachting 's classic Fastnet Race Loick Peyron 's Maxi Banque Populaire was leading battle for line honors Record 314 starters for the 608-nautical mile offshore classic 15 competitors died in 1979 race as fleet hit by vicious storm
CNN  Shame on me . If the reports are true , and somehow the New England Patriots deflated 11 balls in the AFC Championship Game , then shame on me . Screw them , and shame on me . I am 42 , and have been a New England Patriots fan for 42 years , plus nine months when you include that prenatal season .  While your mother was listening to Mozart , mine was listening to Gil Santos talk about Jim Plunkett . In fact , at this point in my life , I essentially do only three things : 1  Anchor at CNN , 2  help raise twin 7-year-old boys and 3  root for Boston sports teams . And if I am being honest , the one I am best at is No. 3 . I am a really good Boston sports fan . There are few better . And the Patriots are ruining all my hard work , debasing my skills and tainting the hours upon hours of joy that fandom gave me . This is an existential crisis . How can you root for a cheater ? How can you award malfeasance ? How can you cheer a con ? You ca n't . At least you should n't . I should n't cheer for the Patriots . I know that , no matter what my genetic coding says . I am not going to dwell on the specifics of the accusations , or the physics of what advantage you get from deflated footballs . The fact is , if the reports are true , the balls the Patriots used had way too little air in them . Well below what the league allows . Well below what the rules allow . And if they did it deliberately -- and I am struggling to think of any way it could have happened otherwise -- there is a word for that : cheating . They cheated . And how can you root for a cheater ? You ca n't . At least you should n't . I know that . For all the Patriots playoff games this year , my sons and I have all donned our No. 12 Tom Brady jerseys . We wore them because Brady is so darn good , so darn handsome and so full of the values of hard work and perseverance that you want your sports icons to embody . Or so we thought . Did he have any knowledge or any involvement in deflating footballs ? Oh God , I hope not . But can I guarantee you that he did n't ? Nope . Not even close . So how can I wear his jersey for the Super Bowl ? I ca n't . At least I should n't . I know that . The worst part of this is , deep down inside , I might have known all this already . The Patriots have a history of pushing the limits .  Do I now really just have to call it cheating ?  They were penalized and sanctioned for illegally videotaping an opposing team . I managed to compartmentalize that , buy my kids their Patriots gear and cheer for them anyway , perhaps hoping that it was some kind of anomaly . It does n't look like it was . Not today . I know football is just a game , and the Patriots demolished the Colts 45-7 , and clearly would have beaten them even if they played with a ball made of marshmallow fluff . But that just makes it worse . They did n't need to cheat . Look , no one needs to cheat . It is a choice , and it is the wrong choice . And it is not a choice I want to condone somehow -- tacitly or otherwise -- to my 7-year-old boys . I have spent so much emotional capital and enthusiasm raising them as Patriots fans while living in New York , and now I am beginning to regret it . I fear I have led them down the path to the dark side . Maybe they can still be saved . I ca n't . Being a sports fan is not a purely rational thing . Do I want the Patriots to lose the Super Bowl ? No . I am just not wired that way . But I know I should . And that is why I am ashamed . Angry and ashamed .	Reports the Patriots used deflated balls create existential crisis for John Berman The lifelong Patriots fan asks how he can still root for a cheater ?
CNN  -- Manchester City took a crucial step towards winning the English Premier League title after coming from behind to beat Everton , move top of the table and pile the pressure on to their championship rivals . An early Ross Barkley wonder goal had given Everton the lead at Goodison Park before Sergio Aguero leveled . Bosnia international Edin Dzeko scored twice alowing City to take control of the match before Romelu Lukaku 's goal ensured a tense end to the second half . After Liverpool 's capitulation against Chelsea last week , City knew they had to win to keep the destination of the title in their own hands . Both Chelsea and Liverpool had hoped that Everton could do them a favor by taking points from City , and the signs were good when Barkley 's early strike gave the home side a first half lead . But City came back strongly and , despite a late Everton rally , held on to victory . At the full time whistle the City players collapsed on the pitch , perhaps knowing that the toughest test of their title race was behind them . With two games to go just two points separate Manchester City , Chelsea and Liverpool . But City 's vastly superior goal difference means that if they win their last two games they will secure the Premier League title . "  That 's what we wanted ultimately , " City captain Vincent Kompany said after the game . "  If we hopefully play like we can we have goals from all over the pitch so that will make the difference . " Earlier in the day , Cardiff City and Fulham tasted the pain and ignominy of Premier League relegation after both teams lost crucial matches . Meanwhile Sunderland , who spent most of the season rooted to the bottom of the table , all but secured survival by improbably defeating Manchester United at Old Trafford . It was an afternoon of high drama across England as promotion and relegation places were being decided in all four professional divisions in warm spring sunshine . But the highest stakes were at play in the Premier League . This was Cardiff City 's first ever season in the Premier League , a season that has been defined by defeat , fan unrest and boardroom chaos . Former coach Malky Mackay was controversially fired mid-way through the season by the club 's billionaire Malaysian owner Vincent Tan , much to the fans ' unhappiness . Mackay 's replacement , former Manchester United striker Ole Gunnar Solskjaer , could not spark a renaissance as his team fell into the relegation zone for the majority of the rest of the season . Cardiff traveled to Newcastle United , another club engulfed by boardroom and personnel chaos , needing victory . Instead Shola Ameobi , Loic Remy and Stephen Taylor all scored to secure a 3-0 victory for Newcastle and see Cardiff limp back into the Championship , English football 's second tier . Fulham , owned by US billionaire Shahid Kahn , headed the same direction after a 4-1 capitulation against Stoke City . Despite a late season revival led by new coach Felix Magath -- Fulham 's third of the season -- there was little fight from the West London team as Stoke pushed Fulham towards relegation . Yet both teams were condemned by an unlikely result at Old Trafford . Sunderland , like Fulham and Cardiff , had changed managerial personnel mid-season as Paolo Di Canio was removed and replaced by former Uruguay international Gus Poyet . A late season Sunderland revival led by young striker Connor Wickham -- once tipped at as a future England international who had instead been farmed out on loan -- had raised the unlikely prospect of survival . And a goal midway through the first half by Swedish international Sebastian Larsson was enough to secure a stunning victory for the Black Cats . The only team that can now catch Sunderland is Norwich City , who play league title chasing Chelsea Sunday . Defeat would all but ensure Sunderland 's Premier League safety .	Edin Dzeko scores twice as Man City beat Everton 3-2 City go top of EPL with two to play Cardiff and Fulham relegated Sunderland beat Manchester United at Old Trafford 1-0
CNN  -- Superstorm Sandy sent residents along the East Coast running for cover this week . For those households that count animals among their family members , the storm brought an extra worry : What do I do with my pet ? The Swobodzien family of Wall Township , New Jersey , was faced with that potentially life-altering question as the storm approached . The Swobodziens ' 5-year-old cockapoo , Penny , is black with a white chest and , at only 12 pounds , the runt of her litter . "  She is also my fourth daughter , " said Arletta Swobodzien . The family 's neighborhood was one of the first in the area to evacuate before Sandy hit , so they searched for options to keep Penny with them while they cleared out . "  We went to the first shelter and I told them , ` We have a dog at home , can she come here ? ' They said no . Make sure she has food and water , leave her , " said Arletta . "  When they said leave her , I just could n't help it , I cried . " Include pets in your emergency plan Gulf Coast residents faced the same dilemma seven years ago . Hurricane Katrina left countless family pets dead , stranded or homeless . When faced with the decision to leave their animals behind , some people decided to stay , and some may have perished because of that choice , said Tim Rickey of the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals . "  People would never evacuate a home and leave behind their children or their spouse , " said Rickey , senior director of field investigations and response at the ASPCA . "  Pets are family members . Society continues to evolve , and local governments know now that if they do n't consider the animals , they may be putting residents in danger . " Lessons learned on the Gulf brought about the 2006 Pets Evacuation and Transportation Standards Act . The PETS Act made it mandatory for local and state governments to include plans for pets in their emergency procedures and opened the gates for FEMA funds to be put toward the welfare of animals in disaster zones . "  After Katrina and with the PETS Act , we have tremendous support now from the USDA , FEMA and the federal government that just did not exist in 2005 , " said Rickey . Niki Dawson of the Humane Society of the United States said local governments have been encouraging people to take pets with them when they evacuate , which helps prevent some of the dangers pets faced during Katrina . Both animal welfare agencies applauded New York City for mandating that all city shelters and transit allow pets entrance leading up to and during the superstorm . "  It is a model that we hope the rest of the nation follows in the future , " said Rickey . The PETS Act gives first responders and pet owners more to work with , but ultimately local governments must decide what provisions to put in place . That could mean anything from relying on local animal shelters to investing in mobile pet rescue units . Katrina , Joplin survivors offer advice to Sandy victims "  Most animal shelters run at 100 % capacity even when it is not a disaster situation , which means they could n't possibly take in private pets . But under the PETS Act , that state will have fulfilled their obligation , " said Dawson . The second line of defense comes in the form of volunteer networks and non-government groups . The ASPCA , in partnership with Petsmart Charities , has set up a distribution center in Syracuse , New York , and contributed more than 4,000 supplies to local rescue groups , primarily in New York , Pennsylvania and Virginia . In New York City and on Long Island alone , the ASPCA now has more than 400 owned animals sheltered in 40 evacuation centers . In addition to shelter assistance , helping animals means getting out in the field . The ASPCA has two transport trailers and three water rescue teams on standby . The Humane Society has responders in New Jersey , New York , North Carolina and Delaware . They are joined by hundreds of other organizations and many dedicated volunteers . When animal rescue groups ca n't get out in the field , they increasingly turn to social media . In Connecticut , New York , Pennsylvania , Maryland and Virginia , storm refugees could find pet-friendly shelters by following the Humane Society on its media platforms . Twitter has allowed for quick communication . When the Humane Society found out via Twitter that a Connecticut town instructed residents to leave pets behind during a mandatory evacuation , the society sprung into action and persuaded local officials to open up an animal shelter to owned pets and change the evacuation notice . "  That community and those officials should be commended for turning on a dime to accommodate the needs of their community , " said Dawson . Local response to the PETS Act may vary , but there are universal guidelines that all pet owners should follow during a storm , said Rickey : "  Keep your pets on a leash and close to you . There may be contaminated water and spoiled food . It is critical that pet owners should have a backup number outside of your region available . Make sure you have a crate and leash , so you can always move quickly . " Back in Wall Township , Arletta Swobodzien eventually found a shelter for her whole family , including Penny . As the clouds gathered overhead , a volunteer piled the family into his car to retrieve their dog , just before the worst of the storm hit . "  I do n't know what we would have done , " Swobodzien said . "  When the girls got to see her , it was amazing . " How to help Have you been affected by Sandy ? Share your experiences in the comments section below . Like CNN Living on Facebook	If your pet is lost in a disaster , the first point of contact should be your local shelter Report stranded pets in New York to the ASPCA 's 24-hour hotline at 347-573-1561 Ensure that your pet wears a form of identification in case it is lost in an emergency When returning home , secure your home from dangers before releasing pets
CNN  -- A crocodile has snatched and eaten a five-year-old boy in Australia , state police have confirmed . Jeremy Doble 's remains were discovered in the stomach of a four-meter long reptile following DNA tests , ABC News reported Queensland Police as saying Tuesday . Jeremy vanished from the Daintree River , Queensland while walking with his seven-year-old brother on February 8 , police report . Police say Jeremy disappeared into a mangrove swamp behind the family home after following his dog into flood waters . His brother , Ryan , saw a large crocodile close to where he went missing , local media report , and raised the alarm . "  Dad jumped in after him , but it was too late , " resident Col Patterson told The Courier Mail . "  His older brother saw it all and will , no doubt , be haunted by that image . " A statement on the Queensland Police Web site Tuesday said : "  Police have been advised that the remains found in a crocodile that was caught in the Daintree are that of a missing five-year-old boy . " Jeremy 's family have requested that the animal is not harmed , media report . "  I 've been advised that the child 's family that they do not want any adverse action against crocodiles in the Daintree , " The Courier Mail reported acting police inspector Jason Smith as saying last week . The Daintree region , in the far north-eastern tip of Australia , is popular with eco-tourists .	Five-year-old Jeremy Doble was snatched from close to home in NE Australia Dead boy 's family request that the animal is not harmed , media report Daintree region , in the north-eastern tip of Australia , is popular with eco-tourists
London  CNN  -- Europe 's political and economic attempts to stem the eurozone debt crisis may finally be getting results , Finland 's European minister Alexander Stubb has told CNN . Stubb told CNN a combination of political action and monetary intervention in the eurozone over the last month had put Europe on the road to economic recovery . "  If we play our cards right , I think we will have turned the corner of this crisis , " he said . Earlier this month , European Central Bank President Mario Draghi announced a program to buy bonds of fiscally-frail countries such as Spain and Italy . A week later , the German constitutional court green-lighted the European Stability Mechanism -- the region 's 500 billion euro  $ 651 billion  permanent bailout fund -- to come into force in October this year . A victory for pro-European parties in the Dutch elections this month was also a sign that electorates in Northern European countries have not lost faith in the 17-nation currency bloc . Stubb told CNN Europe was stuck in a "  vicious cycle " between politicians , the media and the markets , which was hindering the speed of economic recovery . He said the issue was : "  Politicians talking loose stuff , media interpreting that loose stuff and then markets reacting to what the media reports . " Ford boss : Europe 's a concern for us all Stubb said debt-ridden countries like Spain and Italy were taking the necessary steps to reform but reiterated the ECB 's message of conditionality in exchange for aid . He added : "  I have a lot of respect for the Spanish government because they have taken a lot of tough decisions in the past few months . " The 44-year-old is in favor of a banking union -- a proposal from Brussels which would give the European Central Bank a supervisory role for more than 6,000 eurozone banks . But , he said , "  we can not be in a situation where those banks which have taken care of their funds , have a good balance sheet , would be paying for those banks which have n't done so well . " UniCredit head : We need a European banking union Stubb 's comments follow his speech to The Institute of International and European Affairs in Dublin , Ireland , in which he was skeptical over calls for a more integrated Europe . Of such an idea , he said : "  We do not have the time , nor can we introduce an element of further uncertainty . " Such a stance runs contrary to that of European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso , who told CNN Europe needed to be more unified .	Finland 's European Minister Alexander Stubb tells CNN Europe 's debt crisis may be abating European Commission President wants Europe to become more unified But Stubb says treaty change to solve the eurozone debt crisis is not the right approach
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A 100 meter boat with a full tropical garden is not something you 're likely to see very often . In fact , before now , you 've probably never seen it . Wally Island : The vessel that has all the comforts of home However , the giant mega-yacht ` Wally Island ' offers exactly that . Designed by super-yacht designers Wally is still in the design stage as the company has not yet managed to sell the concept to a buyer . The vessel boasts over 1000 square meters in forward deck space , allowing for such features as a full garden and pool , a tennis court , or several heli-pads . View photos of Wally Island " The designers intended to offer the owner the opportunity to live completely independently on the vessel . The boat , the designers said , could make life just like at home on a personal estate for its owner . Although the interior spaces are pushed towards the aft of the vessel , there is still room for an owners suite and six further double-king sized suites . In addition to this there are numerous rooms for entertaining guests . What do you think of Wally Island ? Have you seen a better super-yacht ? Share your thoughts in the Sound Off box below .	The 99-meter vessel Wally was designed by super-yacht designers Wally Wally Island is still in the design stage awaiting a buyer The deck contains a tropical garden , or can be converted to a tennis court
Washington  CNN  -- Foreign nationals who are HIV-positive will find it easier starting Monday to visit the United States . The Department of Health and Human Services and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention removed HIV infection from the list of diseases that prevent non-U.S. citizens from entering the country . HIV is the human immunodeficiency virus -- the virus that causes AIDS . Advocates for HIV-positive people said the new policy was long overdue , calling it "  a significant step forward for the United States . " "  The end of the HIV travel and immigration ban is the beginning of a new life for countless families and thousands who had been separated because of this policy , " said Steve Ralls , spokesman for Immigration Equality , a national rights organization for lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and HIV-positive individuals . "  This is a new beginning for them . " The final rule was approved in November and went into effect Monday . The new regulation takes HIV infection out of the category of "  communicable diseases of public health significance , " the CDC said . It also removes required testing for HIV infection from the U.S. immigration medical screening process and eliminates the need for a waiver for entry into the United States . U.S. laws and regulations enacted since 1952 have made persons "  who were afflicted with any dangerous contagious disease " ineligible to receive a visa to enter the country . People infected with HIV have been restricted since 1987 , when Congress directed the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to add HIV to its list of diseases of public health significance . The United States Global Leadership Against HIV/AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria Reauthorization Act of 2008 , which President Bush signed on July 30 , 2008 , removed the statutory requirement that mandated the inclusion of HIV on the list of diseases of public health significance that barred entry in the United States . The legislation did not , however , automatically change the existing regulations , administered by HHS , that continued to list HIV as a "  communicable disease of public-health significance " and required the more cumbersome visa process . The United States was one of 13 countries that restricted entry of HIV-positive visitors , according to amfAR , an AIDS research foundation .	Travel and immigration ban on HIV-positive travelers lifted Advocates for HIV-positive people say the new policy was long overdue HIV-infected visitors previously had to get a special waiver to obtain a visa
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Computer hackers targeted the Zimbabwean stock exchange for the second time this week and used it as a phishing site , an official said Friday . Phishing is a form of Internet fraud that targets personal information such as credit cards and user IDs . The stock exchange chief said they have hired IT experts to solve the problem . "  We hope the IT experts will get to the bottom of the problem and identify the source by the end of the day  Friday  , " said Emmanuel Munyukwi , the stock exchange chief executive . "  The website is a popular source of information and I am sure we have lost a lot of potential investors since we took it offline . " The company has 79 listed companies , but it does not conduct trading on the Internet . Hacking is not common in Zimbabwe . Last year , hackers targeted the state-owned daily newspaper , The Herald , and this year , the website of the nation 's finance ministry was also affected .	The stock exchange chief says they have hired IT experts to solve the problem The company has 79 listed companies , but it does not conduct online trading Hacking is not common in Zimbabwe
CNN  -- As the first airline outside Japan to own Boeing 787 Dreamliner , Ethiopian Airlines has an impressive business record despite the global economic crisis . Growing 20 to 30 % a year for the past seven years , the airlines ' strategic plan is to carry 18 million passengers a year by 2025 . Read related : EasyJet founder to launch low-cost airline in Africa Tewolde GebreMariam , the airline 's CEO , says his company is cashing in on Ethiopia 's double-digits economic growth and its strategic location . "  If you draw a line through China , Africa , India and Brazil we are located right in the middle , " he says . Read related : Worth the wait : Boeing 787 a hit with first passengers But the company 's future success depends on its ability to deal with Africa-specific pressures . Aviation infrastructure on the continent is lagging behind the rest of the world , and the lack of qualified pilots and technicians means airlines need to invest millions in education and training . Read related : Flier comfort : Boeing 787 myths and facts As the global airlines continue to suffer from high fuel prices and dropping numbers of passengers , GebreMariam remains confident about the future of the industry in Africa . He sat down with CNN 's Jill Dougherty to talk about the company 's route to success . CNN : You just flew in on Dreamliner . What do you think is significance of this ? Tewolde GebreMariam : Today we got the opportunity to experience what it looks like and what it can offer to customers and to airlines . So I would say to customers , there are a lot of new features . We experienced the amount of humidity at 40,000 above sea level . You feel like you are at 6,000 above sea level so it 's more humid . So it reduces drowsiness and dryness , fatigue and jet lag . The windows are much wider than what we have in other airplanes today . From one of side of the airplane you can see the other side . It 's 50 % composite matter . Much lighter . And as a result of that , it is more fuel efficient -- it consumes 20 % less fuel than airplanes in the same category . Read related : Farnborough airshow special coverage CNN : I understand you have a 15 year plan with Ethiopian Airlines and the target is to meet ten billion dollars a year in revenue . What does that goal tell us about Africa 's aviation industry ? TG : Ethiopia is growing very fast . 11 % GDP for the last decade continuously . It 's among the fastest growing economies in the world . Africa is growing , so we are growing together . In our vision , 2025 , strategy plan is to operate 120 airplanes . To more than 90 destinations , generating about 10 billion dollars , carrying more than 18 million passengers , 720,000 tons of cargo . We 've been growing for 20 to 30 % per annum compounded for the last seven years . So in seven years , we have multiplied the airline by five times . So this growth is predicted to continue mainly because we are leveraging and harnessing on our strategic location . If you draw a line through China , Africa , India and Brazil we are located right in the middle and we take advantage of this growth because these emerging economies are growing very fast . Video : 787 Dreamliner takes off CNN : What other challenges you face in Africa that companies outside of Africa might not face ? TG : We have many challenges . You are right . The first one is infrastructure . Airport infrastructure or aviation infrastructure in the continent . It is not as well developed as the rest of the world so much work is needed there . We 're working with African governments to improve on that . The second one is brain drain from Africa to the developed world . And particular to the Gulf , and so this has been a problem for most African carriers . I think for all of us . But going forward we are building a huge aviation academy , the capacity has grown from 150 graduates to 1000 graduates a year . So going forward this program will give opportunity for the country . CNN : Where will this Dreamliner fly ? What 's the route ? TG : This Dreamliner is the first in Africa and also the continent of Africa is first for us . We are a truly African airline . So it will be in Africa for the time being . When we get the second one we will utilize it on the Washington route . CNN : So we can take it ! So you have plans to buy two ? TG : No . Ten . Already ordered . We 'll take delivery of four of them before the end of the year . Ivana KottasovÃ ¡ contributed to this report .	Ethiopian Airlines became the first airline outside Japan to own Boeing 787 Dreamliner The carrier has been growing steadily during the global economic crisis Its CEO Tewolde GebreMariam explains how his airline managed to stay on course
CNN  An Indiana family is suing a city and the local police after officers allegedly smashed a car window to stun and arrest a passenger during a traffic stop . The family said police pulled them over because the two front passengers were not wearing a seat belt on September 24 in Hammond , Indiana . Both sides argued they feared for their safety during the traffic stop , which was videotaped by a teenager in the car . The video in question "  I 'm scared for my life , " Lisa Mahone 's voice is heard in a video , speaking from the driver 's seat of her car . In the passenger seat , her partner , Jamal Jones , talks to officers gathered outside his door . His window is rolled down only a few inches . "  I do n't know what 's going on , " he says . Joseph Ivy , 14 , and Janiya Ivy , 7 , are in the back seat . One of them holds a camera and is recording the exchange . "  Are you going to open the door ? " an officer asks Jones . "  How can you say they are not going to hurt you ? People are getting shot by the police ! " Mahone says before her voice breaks into screams as an officer smashes the passenger window . Jones joins her screams as his body convulses from the electric shock of the stun gun . Officers then pull him out of the car , handcuff him and take him away . Fear on both sides Minutes before the incident , the family was driving to the hospital to visit Mahone 's dying mother . Hammond Police Officers Patrick Vicari and Charles Turner stopped Mahone because neither she nor Jones wore seat belts , according to Hammond Police spokesman Lt. Richard Hoyda . The officers placed spike strips under the car 's wheels and approached Mahone . Mahone "  informed the officers that her mother was dying and that  they  were on the way to the hospital to see her before she died , " read the complaint . "  Rather than issuing Lisa  Mahone  a ticket for failure to wear a seat belt , the officers demanded that Jamal  Jones  , the passenger , provide the officers with his identification as well . " But Jones did n't have an identification . He had previously turned over his license for an unrelated citation . "  Jamal offered to show the officers the ticket , which had his information on it but the officers refused , " read the complaint . Police however tell a different story . Call to 911 Jones refused to identify himself and repeatedly ignored requests to step out of the car after officers feared he had a weapon , Hoyda said . "  The first officer saw the passenger inside the vehicle drop his left hand behind the center console inside of the vehicle . Fearing for officer safety , the first officer ordered the passenger to show his hands and then repeatedly asked him to exit the vehicle , " Hoyda said . Meanwhile , Mahone was on the phone with a 911 operator requesting to speak to a supervisor . ` Fear for their safety ' Mahone , Jones and the children "  were in reasonable fear for their safety , " read the complaint . "  After a minute or two for no reason , the officers drew their weapons . " At this point Mahone is heard pleading with someone in the video . "  He  Jones  is looking for his information in his book bag . When he goes into his book bag , they pull a gun out . What was the purpose of a gun ? And now they ask me to open my door so I can get out . I 'm scared . If you can pull out a gun in front of ... there is two kids in the back seat . " Both the Police Department and Hammond are standing by the officers . "  Police officers who make legal traffic stops are allowed to ask passengers inside of a stopped vehicle for identification and to request that they exit a stopped vehicle for the officer 's safety without a requirement of reasonable suspicion , " Hoyda said . Hammond Mayor Thomas M. McDermott Jr. cited two recent police officer deaths in Indiana as the reason for heightened precautions . "  While I hope that situations like this one can be avoided in the future , I am standing solidly behind the actions of these police officers , " McDermott said . Mahone was cited for failure to wear a seat belt and a license plate reciprocity violation . Jones was arrested for failure to aid an officer , resisting law enforcement and was also cited for a seat belt violation , according to Hoyda . Lawsuit In a lawsuit filed this week in the Northern District Court of Indiana , Mahone , Jones and the two children accuse the city , Vicari , Turner and "  other unknown officers " of excessive force , false arrest and imprisonment , assault and battery , and Intentional infliction of emotional distress . Hammond Police directly all media inquiries to the law firm Eichhorn & Eichhorn , LLP . CNN called the firm and asked whether they were representing Hammond Police regarding the September incident . An unidentified woman said "  that 's true and we have no comment . " CNN attempted to contact Turner and Vicari , but was unsuccessful . Using Taser on an 8-year-old ? Mom sues police , city Who recorded the incident ? "  That incident further magnifies what took place in Ferguson , the use of excess force that seems to be happening across the breath and width of this nation , " said NAACP Board Member John Gaskin . "  As a man of color , if I 'm pulled over , I will be leery of the officer and obey whatever commands they are giving me because at this point you are fearful of your life " It was fear that led one of the children in the back seat , Joseph , 14 , to begin recording the incident . "  The kids and the family had seen all the news of officers engaging in excessive force and were concerned for their safety , " family attorney Dana Kurtz told CNN affiliate WLS . The children were "  horrified , " said Kurtz . "  They received glass shattered into the back seat , they had cuts in their arms . Not only were they harmed physically but they were harmed emotionally as well . " "  They were scared . Their perception of officers , of police officers who were supposed to be serving and protecting not only them , but us , everyone , has been tarnished for the rest of their lives , " said Kurtz . Florida officer on paid leave after using Taser on 61-year-old woman ` Open dialogue ' A sentiment that judging by the recent events in Ferguson , Missouri , is echoed by many . The August fatal shooting of Michael Brown in that city led to days of violent protests in Ferguson . "  Just because the police could do it , does n't mean they should . My question here is the judgment that they used smashing that window with the kid in the car and four passengers in that car if there could have been another way to get around that , " said CNN law enforcement analyst , Tom Fuentes The mayor said he acknowledged "  the importance of being sensitive to differing points of views , amongst our diverse community , in regards to actions taken by our police department . " "  As always , I will continue to encourage open dialogue on this and any issue that may affect relations between city government and members of our community , " he said . However , he concluded , he believes "  when drivers get pulled over , whether they agree with the reason for the stop or they do n't , you must comply with lawful requests of the police . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	The officers pulled the driver over for not wearing a seat belt "  I 'm scared for my life , " Lisa Mahone 's voice is heard saying in a video Police , city stand by the officers
CNN  -- Authorities plan to ask new questions of the family at the center of the balloon drama that captured the world 's attention Thursday , as a comment in a CNN interview and other concerns raised speculation that the incident may have been staged . Parents Mayumi and Richard Heene discuss the upheaval in their lives Friday on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  We feel it 's incumbent on us as an agency to attempt to re-interview them and establish whether this is in fact a hoax or actual event , " Larimer County Sheriff James Alderden said at a news conference Friday . "  We believe at this time that it 's a real event . " Investigators with expertise in spotting deceptive behavior interviewed the family Thursday and believe they were not lying , Alderden said . His office is being flooded with calls and messages from people insisting it must be , and putting "  a lot of pressure " on authorities to charge Richard and Mayumi Heene , he said . The sheriff 's office said it was conducting background checks on the Heenes . A giant Mylar balloon took off from the backyard of the Heenes ' northern Colorado home Thursday . The couple said they were terrified their 6-year-old son Falcon may have been on it . They could n't find him . In audio from 911 calls released Friday , the parents sounded emotional and desperate . When the balloon finally landed , Falcon was not on board . Later , he came out from hiding in an attic over the home 's garage . "  I 'm feeling very , very grateful that Falcon is among us , " Richard Heene told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Friday . "  We went through so many emotions yesterday . " On CNN 's "  Larry King Live " Thursday night , the Heene parents asked Falcon why he had not come out from hiding when they were calling for him . "  You guys said we did this for the show , " he said . Watch the boy 's remarks " The family chases storms and takes videos of some . The Heenes also were featured in March on the ABC program "  Wife Swap . " After the Hollywood gossip Web site TMZ.com reported that the Heenes had been "  pitching a reality show about the wacky family , " one of the networks mentioned , TLC , which produces "  Jon and Kate plus 8 , " said "  they approached us months ago , and we passed . " Two other production companies , Reality Real and RDF , which produces "  Wife Swap , " did not immediately respond to CNN 's queries . They family had a video camera recording as the balloon took off Thursday . Alderden said that was because the family planned an experiment in which the balloon was to rise 20 feet off the ground . Richard Heene said his son was confused when he made the show remark . There were media assembled on the front lawn , asking all sorts of questions , and that 's what Falcon was referring to , Heene said Friday morning . Heene , a meteorologist who takes his family along to chase storms , said he was concerned when the balloon took off because "  the project was pretty much down the tubes . " Then their son Bradford said he thought Falcon was inside , sparking the family 's terror -- and the world 's response , as people tuned in to live TV coverage of the balloon , which looked like a cross between a mushroom and a flying saucer . Alderden told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Friday that , based on reports that the parents "  took these children into potentially dangerous situations " with tornado chases , the experimental balloons and other activities , it would be "  appropriate to involve child protection -LSB- services -RSB- to at least see what the family situation is and whether the children are in a safe condition . " Earlier , Alderden told reporters that his department has contacted the child protection officials but asked them not to contact the family until investigators have had a chance to re-interview them . Alderden , at Friday 's news conference , said he did not believe Falcon could have been following instructions by going into hiding . "  I just ca n't see this particular boy being told go sit up there for five hours and be quiet . I just do n't see that , as hyperactive as he is , " the sheriff said . He also called it unlikely that the other two brothers , ages 8 and 10 , would have pulled off such a hoax . If it were determined that the incident was a hoax , "  the only thing we have is them making a false report to authorities , which is a Class 3 misdemeanor , " Alderden said . But , he said , authorities could seek to recoup the money spent . "  If there is criminal conduct , we certainly would seek restitution , " he said . The balloon landed in a plowed wheat field , and the owner could seek compensation from the family , Alderden added . Asked whether the parents would not have checked the whereabouts of their three children before allowing the device to take off and why the system to tether it was not stronger , Alderden responded , "  You raise some very valid points that we are considering . " Watch as home video shows the balloon take off " Alderden also said his office had contacted an expert at Colorado State University during the incident to make sure that the dimensions of the balloon were adequate to handle a child of Falcon 's weight , he said . The sheriff also sought to defend his department . Authorities had been at the house and had conducted searches for the boy three times during the incident . "  Obviously it was n't as thorough as we would have liked it to be , " he said , "  because the boy was hiding in the attic in the garage . " Investigators had seen the rafters in the garage , but there was no ladder to get up there . "  Our personnel just did n't think it possible that a 6-year-old boy would be able to get up into that space , so they did n't look there , " he said . Falcon was not in a box as Alderden had originally reported . Instead , he had apparently crawled on a box in order to enter the attic area , Alderden said . Watch how the events played out " Despite numerous conspiracy theories flying around on the Internet , Alderden emphasized that authorities have not seen suspicious behavior by the Heene family . "  They appropriately expressed statements , nonverbal communication , body language and emotions during this event that were entirely consistent with the events that were taking place , " he said . "  Certainly , people are free to speculate , they 're free to be skeptical about it , " Alderden added . "  But those of us in the law enforcement profession have to operate on facts and what we can prove . "	Boy 's remark on CNN , "  We did this for the show , " sparks speculation about stunt Sheriff : "  We believe at this time that it 's a real event " Father says boy was confused about scores of reporters outside house Millions feared boy was inside balloon as it floated over Colorado countryside
CNN  -- The suspect accused of killing a minister at an Illinois church had marked the day of the attack as a "  day of death " or "  death day " in a planning book , a prosecutor said Tuesday . Terry J. Sedlacek , shown in a family photo , has been charged with first-degree murder . There were "  words to those effect , " written in a day planner belonging to Terry J. Sedlacek , the man accused in Sunday 's attack at the First Baptist Church in Maryville , Illinois , said William Mudge , the Madison County state 's attorney . Mudge said he had n't seen the planner and could not recall the exact wording that police described to him . He said police found the book in Sedlacek 's home . Lt. Scott Compton of the Illinois State Police said he had n't seen the planner and could not confirm Mudge 's account . Authorities have charged Sedlacek , 27 , with first-degree murder in the killing of the Rev. Fred Winters . He also was charged with two counts of aggravated battery related to the stabbing of church members Terry Bullard and Keith Melton . Sedlacek was seriously wounded in the melee , authorities said . Melton , one of the two church members stabbed in the attack , described the scene that erupted during Sunday service . Winters had been preaching for a while when the gunman approached him , Melton told CNN . "  It just seemed a lot out of place for someone to be walking to the front to take a seat at that point in the service , " Melton said . Watch Melton say they 're "  still very stunned " " Winters stopped his sermon and asked the man what he could do for him , Melton said . The assailant fired a weapon and hit the pastor 's Bible , causing "  confetti " to fly into the air , Melton recalled . "  It was a bit confusing just at first , " Melton said , adding that he could see from the pastor 's reaction that what happened was not part of the service . Watch the aftermath of the church shooting " Melton was one of two men who first jumped the assailant , he said . "  By the time the second shot rang out , there were a number of us who sprang into action , " Melton said . Winters jumped off the stage , Melton said , and was met by the gunman . The two wrestled and more shots rang out . The attacker 's .45 - caliber weapon jammed at that point , authorities said . The assailant tried to get away but was subdued by church members , some of whom blocked the entrances while others grappled with the gunman . "  There were men everywhere , " Melton said . It was minutes before Melton realized he had been stabbed , he said , attributing the delay to adrenaline . He was treated and released from a local hospital . Bullard , another church member , also was stabbed in the attempt to subdue the gunman . Sedlacek is being treated at a hospital after suffering serious knife wounds . "  When he was tackled by two of the members , we do n't know whether he fell on the knife , injuring himself at the time , or whether -LSB- his injury -RSB- was self-inflicted during the struggle , " said Illinois State Police Director Larry Trent . Watch police describe the church members ' "  heroic action " " Trent said police are trying to determine a motive , noting that church members did not recognize the gunman . In August , the St. Louis Post-Dispatch profiled Sedlacek in an article on Lyme disease , and quoted his mother , Ruth Abernathy , as saying he began acting strangely during his junior year in high school . He seemed confused and stopped participating in activities that had interested him , she told the newspaper . She said a doctor had diagnosed Sedlacek as mentally ill before a battery of tests revealed that he had Lyme disease , according to the paper . The newspaper reported that even years later , Sedlacek , then 26 , had lesions on his brain and was taking several medications , including an anti-seizure drug . The Post-Dispatch identified him as a resident of Troy , Illinois , in suburban St. Louis . A spokesman for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Monday that mental illness associated with Lyme disease is highly unusual , and the Infectious Diseases Society of America said Lyme disease "  is not known to cause violent behavior . " But a study published in 2002 in the American Journal of Psychiatry and carried out in the Czech Republic found that 36 percent of 900 psychiatric subjects had antibodies to the bacterium linked to Lyme disease , versus 18 percent of 900 healthy control subjects . The Illinois shooting is believed to be the nation 's first in a church since July , when a 58-year-old man opened fire in a Knoxville , Tennessee , church during a children 's play . Two people were killed and six wounded in the shooting at Tennessee Valley Unitarian Universalist Church . See a U.S. map of other recent church shootings " Jim Adkisson pleaded guilty last month in a deal that allowed him to avoid the death penalty with a sentence of life in prison without parole , court officials said . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	NEW : Prosecutor : "  Words to those effect " found in planner inside suspect 's home Assailant 's approach to pulpit "  seemed ... out of place , " Keith Melton says Terry J. Sedlacek , 27 , charged with first-degree murder Police still looking for motive in Illinois church attack that killed pastor
CNN  -- New French sensation Christophe Lemaitre completed the 100-200 sprint double at the European Championships in Barcelona on Friday but only after a desperately close finish to the longer race . Lemaitre , who won the 100m title on Wednesday , hit the front in his final stride as he overhauled and then outdipped Britain 's Christian Malcolm to win in 20.37 seconds . Welshman Malcolm , so often the nearly man at major championships , led from the gun and was clocked in 20.38 seconds . Lemaitre 's compatriot Martial Mbandjock took his second bronze of the championships after finishing third in the 100m . The 20-year-old Lemaitre has burst onto the scene this year , breaking the 10 second barrier for the 100m . He succeeds Portugal 's Francis Obikwelu , who also achieved the 100m-200m double in 2006 . He will now target a third gold medal as part of a strong French team in the 4x100m relay this weekend .	Christophe Lemaitre wins 200m at European Championships in Barcelona Lemaitre outdips Britain 's Christian MMalcolmfor the gold Frenchman completes sprint double having won 100m on Wednesday
CNN  -- The golden boy of Russian Winter Olympic sports Evgeni Plushenko is at the center of a whodunnit mystery in Sochi . Was the four-time Olympian told to compete by the Russian skating federation despite suffering from a back problem ? The 31-year-old pulled out of the men 's individual competition at the Iceberg Skating Palace because of the injury , on which he has had multiple operations -- just before he was due to skate the short program . Earlier in the Games , he helped Russia to team gold . In an interview with CNN 's Amanda Davies , Plushenko said officials had asked him to skate , despite the potential risk and that he had offered to give up the one space eligible in the competition to Russia to a fellow athlete . Asked in a question if he had been forced to skate , Plushenko replied : "  That 's right , " adding that he had wanted to compete but that he simply could n't . "  I tried , " he told CNN . "  When we came to the team event everybody understands , OK we can win silver or bronze . We came first and won the Olympic Games . So after that the federation says : ` OK do you want to skate , how do feel ? ' "  Well , I feel not so good . I feel a problem in the long program of the team event , I missed two jumps -- a triple salko and a triple loop . "  I feel the muscles are sore . I explained to my federation , that maybe somebody else is going to skate . I asked them . They said ... well , what happened , happened . " Shortly after , the 31-year-old announced his retirement from skating . National tragedy Plushenko 's story has read like a national tragedy in the Russian media , and he said the answers to questions over his pullout would eventually come from the president of Russia 's figure skating federation Alexander Gorshkov . The federation was not immediately available for comment . "  I 'm not able to say right now what happened , " said Plushenko . "  If you ask the president of the Russian federation , he 's going to explain everything . He 's going to explain why I tried to skate , why I did n't skate against the other skaters . " Later on Monday , Plushenko backtracked on the version of events he gave in the CNN interview . "  I want to make clear that the federation put no pressure on me , " Plushenko said in a statement posted on the website of the Russian figure skating federation , citing his poor English for the confusion over the reasons for his withdrawal . "  I do n't speak English fluently so my answers could have been incorrectly interpreted . I also could not always understand the sense and nuance of the questions , " he said . In an interview with Russia 's Sovietsky Sport on Saturday , Plushenko said he had offered to step back in favor of Maxim Kovtun after the team competition but the 18-year-old was nowhere to be found and turned out to be unwell . "  They did not find him immediately and then it turned out that he was ill . And they told me , ` You can carry on skating ' . I tried to do everything for the country , for the sport , " he told Sovietsky Sport . So , Russia had no representation in the men 's individual competition . Plushenko 's wife Yana Rudkovskaya has become involved in the controversy , criticizing journalists for writing "  rubbish " about her husband , who is due to see a specialist about his back after the Winter Olympics . "  Stop putting pressure on Yevgeny and all his family , it 's already simply impossible , " she said . Rudkovskaya 's intervention followed criticism of Plushenko from the likes of triple Olympic gold medalist and pro-Kremlin lawmaker Irina Rodnina , and outspoken lawmaker Vladimir Zhirinovsky -- who told state television : "  Kovtun is shoved aside while this invalid has brought shame on us . " Plushenko made his Olympic debut at Salt Lake City in 2002 , winning silver , before taking gold in Turin four years later and picking up another silver in Vancouver in 2010 . Gay rights Meanwhile the skater also hinted he could use his prominent position to help change Russia 's approach to gay rights . Russian lawmakers ' passage last year of legislation known as the anti-gay propaganda bill makes it illegal to discuss homosexuality in front of children . Plushenko insisted , "  It 's not my job , " when asked about the current law but added : "  Maybe I can change something . If I can do something I am open . I know many people who are not traditional orientation . Maybe I can help , maybe not . We 'll see , we 're going to work in this direction . " Blog : Superpower showdown on ice	Evgeni Plushenko tells CNN he was told to skate despite suffering from a back injury Russian pulled out from the men 's individual competition before he was due to skate the short program Skater then backtracks : "  I want to make clear that the federation put no pressure on me " Plushenko made his Olympic debut in Salt Lake City in 2002
CNN  -- The Super Bowl may be the most watched television event in the United States , but that wo n't be the primary focus for millions of people tuning in this year . Stephen Master , vice president of Nielsen Sports media research , told CNNMoney.com that close to 50 percent of viewers actually watch the commercials more than they watch the game . This does n't surprise 24-year-old Chantal Paradis of Austin , Texas , who is among the TV followers who care more about the ads and less about the Green Bay Packers-Pittsburgh Steelers matchup . See a sneak peak of this year 's ads "  I plan to record the Super Bowl before I start watching it so I can fast-forward to the commercials , " Paradis said . "  I really do n't care who wins the game . " Twenty-five-year-old Carmelo Giangrande of Crystal Lake , Illinois , says he only watches the ads , too , and could n't care less about football . He prefers to watch ice hockey . "  I like how the Super Bowl brings people together for parties , but I think the advertisements are more interesting than the game , " Giangrande noted . "  I 'll eat , drink and socialize during the Super Bowl , then tune in when the commercials air , " he said . That 's good news for companies paying the reported $ 100,000-per-second ad rate to showcase their products on Fox this year . Although 106.5 million people tuned into last year 's Super Bowl , it 's the buzz before , during and after the game about an ad that advertisers really care about . Paradis , a married insurance sales professional , says she 'll be on the lookout for commercials that make her laugh . "  I think the most memorable Super Bowl commercials are the funny ones , " she said . "  I 'm a big fan of Justin Timberlake , so I liked the one with him in the Pepsi ad a few years ago where he was playfully beat up . " Giangrande says he enjoys the beer ads and prefers commercials that make him laugh , too . Mainstream media outlets and social media sites devote space and time to highlight the spots , too , which can add to the excitement and build up this pop culture phenomenon . Both Paradis and Giangrande are among the growing number of members of Facebook fan pages dedicated to Super Bowl commercials . "  It 's almost become a sort of holiday or an American tradition to watch the ads , " she said . Viewers interested in the ads this year will get to view a variety of spots featuring beer , soda , cars -- and celebrities like Kim Kardashian , Justin Bieber and Ozzy Osbourne , to name a few .	Report : Close to 50 percent of Super Bowl viewers watch the commercials more than game Companies paid a reported $ 100,000-per-second ad rate to showcase products It 's almost an American tradition to watch the ads , one fan noted
CNN  -- Was it a theft ? A prank ? A roundabout effort to bring some holiday cheer to the police ? Authorities in Harwich , Massachusetts , are probing the mysterious appearance of a piano , in good working condition , in the middle of the woods . Officer Derek Dutra of the Harwich Police Department examines the mystery piano in the Massachusetts woods . Discovered by a woman who was walking a trail , the Baldwin Acrosonic piano , model number 987 , is intact -- and , apparently , in tune . Sgt. Adam Hutton of the Harwich Police Department said information has been broadcast to all the other police departments in the Cape Cod area in hopes of drumming up a clue , however minor it may be . But so far , the investigation is flat . Also of note : Near the mystery piano -- serial number 733746 -- was a bench , positioned as though someone was about to play . The piano was at the end of a dirt road , near a walking path to a footbridge in the middle of conservation land near the Cape . It took a handful of police to move the piano into a vehicle to transport it to storage , so it would appear that putting it into the woods took more than one person . Asked whether Harwich police will be holding a holiday party in the storage bay -- tickling the ivories , pouring eggnog -- while they await word of the piano 's origin and fate , Hutton laughed . No such plans . Harwich police have had some fun , though . Among the photos they sent to the news media is one of Officer Derek Dutra examining the piano in the woods . The police entitled the photo "  Liberace . " CNN 's Justin Lear contributed to this report .	Woman finds piano in woods near Cape Cod , Massachusetts , while walking a trail Police do n't know where piano came from , who put it there Piano in good working condition , apparently in key
CNN  -- Deadly violence , ongoing tensions and the deliberate downing of a passenger airplane . Though that turbulence is happening far away from American streets -- in Eastern Ukraine -- why should Americans worry ? One reason : renewed fears of a return to Cold War relations between the United States and Russia . Two powerful members of Congress spoke on the matter during separate interviews on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Sen. Dianne Feinstein is the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee . Does she believe that U.S. and Russian relations are now at Cold War levels ? "  Yes , " the California Democrat said bluntly . Meanwhile , Rep. Michael McCaul , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , was asked if U.S. security is under any threat because of the situation in Eastern Ukraine . "  Oh , I mean , sure it is , " the Texas Republican said . "  And I think this is a game changer , what happened , the downing of this commercial flight by separatists tied to Putin . I think Putin is responsible and complicit for what happened . " He continued : "  Why is that important to Americans ? Because I believe ... that we are , Mr. Putin is returning to a Cold War mentality . When I was over there , you could see its nationalistic pride , a sort of resurgence to regain the glory of the old days as the Soviet Empire . " However , McCaul explained a crucial difference . "  It 's not the al Qaeda threat , " he said . "  But it 's the threat of brute force . It 's the threat that could involve submarine warfare . We know that Russia 's more fully engaged in every aspect of that type of warfare . And that concerns me from a homeland security standpoint . " Feinstein : Putin should ` man up ' on plane disaster	Key lawmakers raise Cold War fears following Ukraine disaster House Homeland Security Committee chair concerned tension could impact U.S. security Russia under scrutiny in suspected rebel downing of passenger jet in Ukraine
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration Thursday evening asked a federal appeals court in California to reconsider its order last week temporarily blocking the U.S. military from enforcing its "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy on gays and lesbians serving in the military . U.S. officials have been moving ahead with dismantling the policy but had objected to having the courts force the government to officially repeal it at this time . At issue in the complex legal fight is whether "  do n't ask , do n't tell " can remain in effect -- even in name only -- while the legal fight over its constitutionality is being carried out in the federal courts . Judges have been at odds over the enforcement issue for months . The case has put the Obama administration in an unusual position of supporting a repeal , but at the same time filing court motions to prevent it from happening faster than planned . Military officials suggest the policy compliance changes eliminating "  do n't ask , do n't tell " could be finished in a few weeks . Federal courts -- including the Supreme Court -- have bounced back and forth over the temporary enforcement question , ignoring for now the larger question 's of the federal law 's constitutionality . In its second appeal Thursday , the Justice Department in an emergency motion said the federal courts are overstepping their authority . "  The Armed Forces are moving forward expeditiously to prepare for the repeal of  "  Do n't Ask / Do n't Tell  in a fashion that Congress and the President consider the most effective way possible , and consistent with the nation 's military needs , " said the appeal . "  The  judicial  panel 's order cuts that process short and overrides the judgments of Congress and the President on a complex and important question of military policy . " In a brief order a week ago , the 9th U.S. Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals said "  the process of repealing  the policy  is well underway , and the preponderance of the armed forces are expected to have been trained by mid-summer " on abiding by the new guidelines . However , said the three-judge panel , "  The circumstances and balance of hardships have changed , " concluding that as a result , "  do n't ask , do n't tell " can not remain in place . The San Francisco-based appeals court 's order is temporary , until it can fully hear the issue with oral arguments in late August . A gay rights group -- the Log Cabin Republicans -- had sued over the 18-year-old ban on openly gay and lesbian members serving in the U.S. armed forces . In September , U.S. District Judge Virginia Phillips declared the military 's ban to be unconstitutional , and demanded the government immediately stop enforcing it . Congress has since passed legislation signed by President Barack Obama to gradually eliminate "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " but Pentagon officials had refused to issue a timeline on when that policy change would be completed . It is an issue Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , who took over the post this month , will now have to confront . If "  do n't ask , do n't tell " is fully dismantled , and any current investigations of gay and lesbian service members are suspended , the legal appeals might quickly become moot . But the Log Cabin Republicans have vowed to continue the legal fight until then . The Supreme Court last fall upheld an earlier order keeping the policy in place . Log Cabin Republicans slammed the administration 's newest court action . "  This latest maneuver by the President continues a pattern of doublespeak that all Americans should find troubling . All this does is further confuse the situation for our men and women in uniform , " said R. Clarke Cooper , the group 's executive director , who is also a captain in the Army Reserve . " ` Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell ' is an offense to American values that should have been gone long ago . It is shameful that a president who has taken credit for opposing the policy is taking extreme measures to keep it on life support . " Obama had said he long wanted to repeal "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " and had reached an agreement with then-Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Adm. Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , on a process that included a military review of how to make a successful transition to openly gay and lesbian soldiers serving . The three men would then have to certify the repeal . Gay rights groups say the policy -- even as it is being discarded -- violates the due process and First Amendment rights of military members . In their appeals , the Log Cabin Republicans said allowing the policy to remain in effect pending appeal would be unacceptable and would cause "  irreparable harm . " The government presented "  no evidence to support a finding that open service by gay and lesbian individuals harmed the military 's interests , and ... both civilian and military leaders admitted that DADT actually impairs military interests , " the appeal claimed . "  Deference to military judgment here tips the scales against a stay , rather than in favor of one , " it said . But the Obama administration , supported by Pentagon officials , argued that suspending the policy and forcing the military to immediately change course while the case is being appealed would cause problems during a time of war . "  The military should not be required to suddenly and immediately restructure a major personnel policy that has been in place for years , particularly during a time when the nation is involved in combat operations overseas , " said the government in an earlier legal brief . After the court 's order last week , Pentagon spokesman Col. Dave Lapan said the military "  will of course comply with orders of the court , and are taking immediately steps to inform the field of this order . " He added , "  In the meantime , implementation of the DADT repeal voted by the Congress and signed in to law by the President last December is proceeding smoothly , is well underway , and certification is just weeks away . " Gates last fall raised the level at which gay and lesbian troops can be discharged under "  do n't ask , do n't tell " by ordering that it only be done by the secretaries of the Army , Navy and Air Force . In a memo written to the heads of all the military services , Gates said his action was taken in direct response to the legal uncertainty surrounding "  do n't ask , do n't tell " law . The case is Log Cabin Republicans v. U.S.  10-56634  .	An appeals court ruled last week that "  do n't ask , do n't tell " can not remain in place The Obama administration is asking the court to reconsider that ruling The administration supports the repeal but objects to having courts set the timing
CNN  -- When Apple introduced Siri , the talking , voice-activated "  personal assistant " that will come with its new iPhone 4S , the Web leaped to the obvious , rational conclusion : That it 's a sinister , potentially alien artificial intelligence that 's bound to kill us all . "  If you 're wondering , ` Siri ' can be pronounced two ways : ` Skynet ' and ` GLaDOS , " wrote Twitter user @AshleyEsqueda . That 's a reference to 1  the computer system in the "  Terminator " stories that gains self-awareness and unleashes killer robots on mankind and 2  the talking , sinister artificial-intelligence system that puts players through their increasingly life-threatening paces in the "  Portal " video game series . To be sure , Siri 's coming-out party Tuesday at Apple 's Cupertino , California , headquarters seemed the stuff of science fiction . When Apple Vice President Scott Forstall asked Siri where to find a Greek restaurant in Palo Alto , a monotone female voice responded that she 'd found five and had listed them for him in order of their customer-review rankings . She told Forstall when he had a text message , read it to him , took his "  dictation " to respond to it and then made a lunch date for him . "  Do I have any meetings Friday at noon ? " Forstall asked . "  You do n't have anything on your calendar , " Siri replied . She even knew where he was . Forstall said he could ask her to remind him to call his wife when he left work . Using global positioning , he said , Siri would see when he left Apple 's campus and speak up . But , for anyone who 's ever pondered the inevitable rise of our digital overlords , here 's the real kicker . Forstall asks this simple , if existential , question : "  Who are you ? " Siri 's answer ? "  I am a humble personal assistant . " Uh huh . That 's what they all say . "  Siri may be the beginning of Skynet , " wrote Twitter user @KingJamesVrsn . "  I swear , if my iPhone asks me if I am Sarah Connor ... " That was n't the site 's only reference to the famous scene in which Arnold Schwarzenegger , as a robot assassin , hunts for Linda Hamilton 's Connor . In fact , "  Skynet " was briefly a trending topic Tuesday on the microblogging site , which tends to buzz during high-profile tech events like the Apple announcement . "  SkyNet is currently trending , " said user @jasonpinter . "  This is EXACTLY what Siri wants . Siri = Schwarzenegger Irradicating Redblooded Individuals . " Of course , some folks go for a more classic approach to menacing , monotone . Enter HAL 9000 , the digital antagonist in Stanley Kubrick 's "  2001 : A Space Odyssey . " This being 2011 and all , HAL has his own Twitter feed and , of course , was quick to chime in . "  I think I went to school with Siri , " @HAL9000 posted . "  Cute female computer but she talked too much . " Then HAL had an apparent fit of jealousy  which can not be a good thing  . "  Siri thinks she 's so cool because she has voice recognition but can she lip read ? " HAL wrote , a reference to a famous "  2001 " scene . "  That 's the sign of a truly awesome computer . " By the way , we 've used "  she " here to refer to Siri . Apple 's literature uses the gender-neutral "  it . " We 're basing our determination on the female voice , as well as the fact that "  Siri " is a female name that appears in several languages and is most often credited with having Scandinavian origins . Its meaning in the frozen northlands : "  Victorious beauty . " Plus ... do we really want to make her mad ?	Jokes about "  Skynet , " "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " flood Web after Apple introduces "  Siri " Siri is a voice-activated , artificial-intelligence app that will come with the new iPhone 4S Some compared Siri to GlaDOS , the artificial-intelligence antagonist in "  Portal " games Siri is a female name that in Scandinavian means "  victorious beauty "
CNN  -- Since a temporary radiologic technologist was accused of stealing drugs from a New Hampshire hospital and giving patients hepatitis C through infected syringes , troubling reports of his past have emerged -- casting a spotlight on the staffing industry as a whole . David Kwiatkowski worked in 13 hospitals in eight states between January 2007 and July 2012 , when he was arrested in a Massachusetts hotel room "  in an intoxicated state , " according to court documents . During that time he was employed by at least two staffing firms : Triage Staffing and SpringBoard Healthcare Staffing . A surge of contract employees have entered the work force since 2009 , according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics . Businesses turned to staffing firms to handle their workload until they were more certain of their company 's future . More than 25 % of all new jobs created were temporary . The health care industry was especially affected by the economic downturn in recent years , said American Staffing Association spokesman Steve Berchem . Patients put off elective procedures amid hospital uncertainty over effects of the Affordable Care Act . "  Many health care professionals were seeking the flexibility that contract work allowed and were leaving hospitals with vacancies , " Berchem said . "  Hospitals are turning to staffing firms to fill those vacancies to make sure they have the employees and staff and skills they need to ensure quality care . " Approximately 1.7 % of the health care industry 's work force is now composed of temporary or contract workers , according to ASA data . That 's about 240,000 employees , compared to the nearly 14 million full-time health care workers in the United States . Lack of evidence for man accused in hepatitis C case ? But those temporary employees play an important role in hospitals , Berchem said . They fill in gaps in almost every field -- from nurses to physicians to med techs and administrators . While the hepatitis C infections have prompted concerns about whether contract workers are providing substandard care , research shows the opposite is generally true . A 2007 study conducted by the Center for Health Outcomes and Policy Research at the University of Pennsylvania showed that temporary nurses are often better educated and more recently trained . Berchem said hospitals that do not use temporary workers tend to have more negative patient outcomes because they have fewer staffing resources overall . Still , the Kwiatkowski case raises questions about the hiring process for both temporary and permanent health care workers . The case is not the first regarding a health care worker accused of harming patients during a career punctuated by troubling incidents . In 2005 , a New Jersey law took effect requiring health care professionals or companies to notify the state Division of Consumer Affairs of concerns or misconduct of health care workers who could endanger patients . It was passed after nurse Charles Cullen was accused of killing more than 20 people in the state . Cullen reportedly was hired at a number of hospitals during his career in spite of what officials said was a questionable employment record . Two years ago , Kwiatkowski was fired from Arizona Heart Hospital in Phoenix when a fellow employee found him passed out in the men 's bathroom , according to documents obtained by CNN . A few weeks later , he was working at Temple University Hospital in Pennsylvania . The staffing agency that employed Kwiatkowski at the time , SpringBoard , reported the incident to the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists , according to a spokeswoman for the agency . The ARRT said this week that they did not punish Kwiatkowski because they did not have firsthand evidence of the 2010 incident . And the director of the Arizona Radiation Regulatory Agency said officials stopped their investigation when Kwiatkowski moved out of state . Confused ? So are investigators , who are still working to sort out all the facts . Scott Schnierer , vice president of business development for Comforce Staffing Services , said that most staffing firms conduct a seven-year background check on potential employees . They will also do on-site drug tests and verify a candidate 's credentials . "  We 're the legal employer of record , " Schnierer told HLN last week . "  We insure them , we pay their payroll taxes . So while ` temporary ' or ` contract worker ' may have a certain reputation or connotation , we take them very seriously . ... We take the full HR responsibility as any direct employer would . " Did registry know man accused in outbreak was earlier fired ? If there is a problem with an employee , hospitals are asked to report it to the staffing firm , he said . Either party can take disciplinary action . "  Basically , it really falls down to the department level , " Schnierer said . "  If they want to put it under the rug , things can happen . But it 's up to the department manager to report it to HR . HR should inform the staffing firm -- that 's the only way we 'll know . " One of the biggest problems , Schnierer and Berchem agree , is that former hiring managers are often unwilling to disclose the reason for a past employee 's termination , creating holes in a background check . And it 's not just a problem for staffing firms . Kwiatkowski was charged with stealing drugs from Exeter Hospital , where he was hired as a full-time employee . "  Many employers are fearful of litigation and will verify employment dates only , " Berchem said . "  The system is only as good as the information available . " HLN 's Allison Rampley contributed to this report .	David Kwiatkowski worked in 13 hospitals between January 2007 and July 2012 Approximately 1.7 % of the industry 's employees are temporary or contract workers Contractors fill in gaps in almost every field -- from nurses to physicians to med techs
CNN  -- Federal and state police raided an evangelist 's compound in Arkansas late Saturday to investigate whether any children have been physically or sexually abused , officials said . The raid is part of a two-year investigation into a compound near Texarkana , Arkansas , owned by Tony Alamo Christian Ministries , said Bill Sadler of the Arkansas State Police . About 100 agents were on the 10 - to 15-acre site late Saturday and met with no resistance , he said . Alamo , reached by phone in Los Angeles , California , denied any wrongdoing . "  It 's a hoax , " Alamo said . "  They 're just trying to make our church look evil ... by saying I 'm a pornographer . Saying that I rape little children . ... I love children . I do n't abuse them . Never have . Never will . " Watch Alamo deny the allegations " Asked why authorities were searching the property , Alamo compared himself to Christ . "  Why were they after Jesus ? " he asked . "  It 's the same reason . Jesus is living within me . " It was not known how many children may live at the compound and whether Alamo would be arrested , Sadler said . Federal and state agents were executing two search warrants , Sadler said late Saturday , and no arrest warrants had been issued . "  Children were interviewed and continue to be interviewed at this hour and likely will continue to be interviewed tomorrow , " Sadler told CNN . In addition to FBI agents and Arkansas state police , officials with the state Department of Human Services participated in the raid at the church property in the town of Fouke , about 12 miles from Texarkana . Alamo , who turned 74 Saturday , is an evangelist who also has dabbled as a singer and entrepreneur . Critics regard his ministry as a cult . The group has faced lawsuits and government actions , and Alamo has been arrested several times , publications have reported over the years . Alamo is well-known in Arkansas , said Lynn LaRowe , a reporter with the Texarkana Gazette . "  It 's not very rare to come out of any baseball game to find Alamo literature on your car , " LaRowe said . "  Around here , he is an extremely controversial character . " Alamo denied the existence of a compound , saying there are just houses "  for miles " around his church .	FBI , state police raid headquarters in southwest Arkansas Search is part of investigation into Tony Alamo compound Alamo denies wrongdoing , compares himself to Jesus
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Myanmar opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi will make her first trip outside the country in more than two decades when she visits Thailand next week to attend a regional conference , a spokesman for her party said Thursday . Suu Kyi , a pro-democracy campaigner who endured years of house arrest under Myanmar 's military rulers , will travel to the Thai capital of Bangkok on Monday where she will participate in the World Economic Forum on East Asia , said Nyan Win , a spokesman for the National League for Democracy . The visit to Bangkok comes ahead of a longer trip to Europe next month during which Suu Kyi will make a series of key addresses , including the acceptance speech for the Nobel Peace Prize that she was prevented from collecting in 1991 because she was in detention . Nyan Win and the organizers of the World Economic Forum declined to give more information about what part Suu Kyi would play at the Bangkok conference . President Thein Sein of Myanmar , the former military official whose civilian government has instituted many of the country 's recent political reforms , is also scheduled to attend the forum . Suu Kyi and 33 other newly elected members of her party took up their seats in the Myanmar parliament at the start of this month , a historic step for the country 's progress toward democracy . In the past 12 months , Thein Sein 's government has pardoned hundreds of political prisoners , secured a cease-fire with Karen rebels and agreed to negotiate with other ethnic rebel groups . Those steps , as well as the by-elections last month where the NLD won nearly every seat it contested , have been applauded by the United States , European Union and other governments . They have responded by easing sanctions on Myanmar , which is also known as Burma . Suu Kyi 's first speaking engagement in Europe next month is an address at a conference in Geneva , Switzerland , organized by the International Labor Organization on June 14 . Then on June 16 , she will deliver her long delayed Nobel acceptance speech in Oslo , Norway . After that , she will travel to Britain , the former colonial ruler of Myanmar and the country where Suu Kyi received her university education . While there , she will address both houses of the British parliament on June 21 , a rare honor for foreign dignitaries . The relatively successful elections and Suu Kyi 's freedom to travel contrast starkly with the situation in the country at the start of the 1990s . Suu Kyi led her party to a landslide victory in 1990 , the previous time Myanmar had held multiparty elections . But the military junta ignored the results and kept her under house arrest . Myanmar 's economy stagnated and its people lived under repressive rule until the military began to allow the fledgling reforms of the past two years . The progress the country has experienced recently in nonetheless qualified by ongoing violence between government forces and some ethnic rebels , reports of voting irregularities in the by-elections last month and the military-backed ruling group 's overwhelming control of parliament . The U.N. secretary-general , Ban Ki-moon , noted ahead of a visit to the country last month that Myanmar 's "  fresh start is still fragile . " CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Aung San Suu Kyi will visit Europe next month to make several speeches She will also travel to Thailand next week for a regional conference It will be her first trip abroad since she was released from years of house arrest Western governments have eased sanctions on Myanmar in response to recent reforms
CNN  -- The European Union imposed a ban Friday on the import of Syrian oil , the latest diplomatic move against Bashar al-Assad 's embattled regime . "  The prohibition concerns purchase , import and transport of oil and other petroleum products from Syria . No financial or insurance services may be provided for such transactions , " the European Council said in a statement issued in Brussels , Belgium . The action was expected . The EU has been a top market for Syrian oil , and the group said it intended to make the move which will have a detrimental impact on the Syrian government 's oil revenues . The organization also added four more Syrians and three entities to a list of those targeted by an asset freeze and a travel ban . But there is an exemption to the asset freeze for humanitarian purposes . World powers have been bearing down on the al-Assad regime because of the government 's ferocious crackdown against peaceful protesters for nearly six months . Security forces opened fire on demonstrators on Friday and activist groups reported deaths . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria counted 18 deaths . Demonstrations occurred in Daraa , Damascus and Homs provinces . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said three law-enforcement members and four gunmen were killed in clashes . SANA said "  armed terrorist groups " killed the security forces in the Damascus and Homs countryside . The gunmen also died in those areas , it said . The government says the armed groups are responsible for the bloodshed , while demonstrators blame the deaths on military and security forces . CNN is not able to independently verify the accounts because of Syrian limitations on reporting .	The state-run news agency reports security , gunmen deaths Deaths are mounting in Friday demos The EU is a top market for Syrian oil The unrest has persisted for about six months
CNN  -- Nearly 150 years after it was left behind at a Civil War prison camp , the 3-inch clay pipestem still shows a Union soldier 's teeth marks . The pipe , whose stem features the name of its manufacturer , proves the resourcefulness of a prisoner who really wanted his tobacco . He fashioned the bowl from lead , possibly by melting rifle bullets . No one knows what became of the unknown soldier at Camp Lawton , which during its short existence in south Georgia was the Confederacy 's largest prison camp . "  His name his been lost to history but his story has not , " said Kevin Chapman , who led a group of college students that found the exact location of the camp 's slave-built stockade and , in the soil beneath tall pine trees , nearly 200 artifacts . Those are the first of what is expected to be a treasure of artifacts that will bear witness to the lives of prisoners and the horrors they endured . The find was detailed Wednesday by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , the Georgia Department of Natural Resources and Georgia Southern University . The artifacts were found this spring on federal property , the currently closed Bo Ginn National Fish Hatchery . The camp 's location also extends into state property , the adjoining Magnolia Springs State Park . Visitors got a chance to learn more about the dig in Wednesday 's open house at the state park . Only archaeologists and other officials are allowed on the actual dig site . This discovery of so many Civil War-era items -- including the smoking pipe , uniform buttons , a picture frame , coins , utensils , bullets and objects fashioned by Union prisoners -- is unparalleled for many reasons , archaeologists said . And the prisoner belongings from little-known Camp Lawton are believed to represent just a fraction of what will be uncovered , cleaned and analyzed for up to 30 years . With the exception of a farmer 's plow 100 years ago , the 42 acres near Millen , Georgia , have been largely free of human touch . That includes being missed by relic hunters and looters who , said Rick Kanaski , regional archaeologist and historic preservation officer for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , "  are both thieves of time . " Over the years , people have picked clean known Civil War sites , including the notorious Andersonville prison in west-central Georgia , about 120 miles away . Camp Lawton was built to help ease Andersonville 's overcrowding . "  This site is unusually undisturbed , " said Kanaski . "  For Civil War sites , this is an amazing thing . " The site 's remote location and maps describing it as brushy and overgrown likely saved it from relic hunters , archaeologists said . Still , that has n't stopped some relic hunters from trying to reach the fenced-in site . About a half dozen have been stopped by state park officials , said Natural Resources Commissioner Chris Clark , who said they were released with a warning . Prosecutions may follow for violators now that the dig is public knowledge , he said . Some of the artifacts will go on display starting October 10 at the Georgia Southern University Museum in Statesboro , about 40 miles south of the camp site . Officials said the public eventually will be able to watch excavations at Camp Lawton , which was described after the war as "  foul and fetid . " Using modern technology along with shovels , prisoner drawings and topographic maps , the Georgia Southern archaeology students found the stockade site at one of four investigative sites they studied at the federal hatchery and state park . They believe excavations will produce finds that will surpass their initial modest expectations of finding the rectangular stockade 's perimeter . "  Even in the short term , the site will provide a glimpse into the trials and tribulations of Civil War soldiers , " said Kanaski . Early this spring , team leader Chapman found a U.S. cent of a type that was last manufactured in 1858 , six years before Camp Lawton opened for its brief but deadly six-week existence . Students then began finding other precious objects . "  When I picked up things , literally the hair stood up on my neck , " said Sue Moore , an anthropology professor in the School of Anthropology at Georgia Southern . She served as adviser to the dig crews . Nails and other items showed that the sloped camp was the living area for nearly 10,000 men who built shelters and lean-tos near Magnolia Springs . Having just survived the scorching 1864 summer , they dug into the earth to shelter them from a cold winter , which included a November snowfall . Then , suddenly , in late November 1864 , the camp was abandoned . The prisoners were taken to other camps as the Yankees approached during the famous March to the Sea . Archaeologists think that prisoners may have been taken to the depot in Millen in the middle of the night , and were forced to leave behind their camp belongings and keepsakes from their homes up north . The items , possibly numbering in the thousands , were eventually swallowed up by the earth . "  It 's been a series of ` Oh my God this is huge ' moments , " Chapman , 36 , said of the archaeological dig . Between 725 and 1,330 men died at the prison camp in its six weeks . Officials said they know the "  general vicinity " of soldier graves , but have no plans to disturb them . Conditions in Northern POW camps often were n't much better . About 3,000 imprisoned Confederates , for example , died in Elmira , New York . "  Some of the saddest part of our history was the handling of prisoners on both sides , " said John Derden , professor emeritus of history at East Georgia College in Swainsboro . Wednesday 's announcement could n't come at a better time for Millen and Jenkins County , where unemployment hovers near a staggering 20 percent . Most of the town 's manufacturing jobs are gone . "  We have an incredible opportunity for heritage tourism in this community , " said Clark . "  I 've never lost hope " about bringing in jobs , said Mabel Jenkins , chairwoman of the county 's development authority . She said she hopes a museum related to the archaeology and perhaps a re-creation of a section of the prison stockade will be erected . Once the digs resume , Magnolia Springs State Park , which had 114,000 visitors in 2009 , also could get a needed boost . "  We see the park as growing , " said Becky Kelley , Georgia parks director . There are no known photos of Camp Lawton and few details of the stockade , but a Union mapmaker painted watercolors of the prison . He also kept a 5,000-page journal that included descriptions of the misery at the camp . "  The weather has been rainy and cold at nights , " Pvt. Robert Knox Sneden , who was previously imprisoned at Andersonville , wrote in his diary on November 1 . "  Many prisoners have died from exposure , as not more than half of us have any shelter but a blanket propped upon sticks . ... Our rations have grown smaller in bulk too , and we have the same hunger as of old . " Among Sneden 's watercolors from Lawton are two depicting the stockade wall and a brick oven with a tall chimney . Chapman and about eight other Georgia Southern graduate students used the painting to help locate the dig site . They found bricks that may be remains of one of the camp 's ovens depicted by Sneden , Moore said . The land slipped into obscurity for about 70 years , when some of it became part of Magnolia Springs State Park . Until this spring , a few entrenchments were the only signs of Camp Lawton . That began to change in late June , when federal officials erected a locked and guarded fence to safeguard the artifacts found at its hatchery , which will reopen in spring 2011 . They will work with their Georgia counterparts to ensure the site is not touch by unauthorized individuals . "  The illegal antiquity marketplace is a global marketplace , " Kanaski said . Although the public is mesmerized by artifacts , historians and archaeologists consider them mainly as tools to understand the past . "  What 's important is not just the artifacts but the context , " said Kanaski . What , they wonder , were these soldiers like ? How did they adapt to their harsh environment , where disease was a deadly companion ? How did they organize camp life ? Some coins , tokens and other objects that have been found were made in Europe , and indicate Union regiments made up of soldiers with Irish and German ancestry , Chapman said . One of the dig sites was open to the public over several weekends during the spring . Chapman recalls one "  magical day ' when a descendant of a Union prisoner and a descendant of a Confederate guard stopped by to observe . The government and Georgia Southern are not currently digging the site . They are devising a comprehensive plan of research , excavation and conservation . The next dig is expected to begin this fall on the state park side of Camp Lawton . Students will try to find the stockade 's corners and evidence of the camp commandant 's headquarters and other buildings . "  We found more than we ever dreamed of , " said Kanaski . "  This is truly a unique site , one that belongs to all Americans . " Like other speakers Wednesday , U.S. Rep. John Barrow of Georgia talked about Camp Lawton 's legacy . "  It 's one of those places where triumph and tragedy are mixed , " he said .	About 200 artifacts were found in early archaeological investigations The site is unusual in that it has not been picked over by relic hunters Some of the items will go on display in October at Georgia Southern University
CNN  -- Punching down the grapes . Digging up the clams . Harvesting the sugar cane . Harvest is n't just picking pumpkins for Halloween . Typically the back-breaking work of farm employees pushing against time to store the fruits of their labor before winter comes , harvest has also become a theme for travelers who want a taste of the bounty -- without all the work . Travelers vacationing during the fall harvest can celebrate all sorts of different food stuffs ripe for the picking  or digging , in some cases  . And if you simply want the seasonal food brought to your dinner table , there are options for you . When autumn leaves fall Vintner for the day While guests will certainly enjoy sipping from the 12,000-bottle wine cellar at the Bacara Resort & Spa 's restaurant , the resort also offers the opportunity to get dirty with the grapes . Guests can work with Santa Barbara 's top winemakers , walking through a vineyard , sorting grapes and helping with the punch downs . The program is scheduled to continue through the end of November and depends upon the availability of slots at nearby wineries , which may include Brewer-Clifton , Carhartt Vineyard and Harrison Clarke Wine . "  Bacara Crush is designed to not only take our guests behind the scenes of harvest , but allow them to participate in the process , " Kathleen Cochran , general manager of Bacara Resort & Spa , said in a statement . The $ 695 price per couple includes a tour guide , transportation , an approximately 8 a.m.-1 p.m. work day , wine tastings and a gourmet picnic at the vineyard .  It does not include rooms , which start at $ 299/night in October and November . The sugar cane harvest The Middleton Place National Historic Landmark in Charleston , South Carolina , showcases 18th - and 19th-century plantation life , with costumed interpreters doing the work once performed by enslaved African-Americans . During the Plantation Days weekend of November 10-11 , the interpreters will harvest and press the plantation 's small sugar cane crop . While visitors ca n't help with the sugar cane because of safety issues , there are other hands-on activities , including processing Carolina Gold rice and working with Sea Island Cotton . Visitors who stay at the Inn at Middleton Place will receive tickets to Middleton Place included in the price of their stay . Visit Middleton Place 's website for specifics on activities and demos . Picnic on the Appalachian Trail The Grand Bohemian Hotel Asheville 's "  Picnics on the Parkway " package makes it easy to enjoy the seasonal offerings of North Carolina farms while picnicking on one of the country 's most famous trails . Picnics on the Parkway , starting at $ 394/night , includes the room , breakfast for two , a pocket guide of North Carolina birds , a 3-D topography map to the Blue Ridge Parkway and a picnic basket filled with food from southern farms and the local farmer 's market . To sample all that Asheville 's local and seasonal restaurant scene has to offer , head to this North Carolina independent food mecca for "  Taste of Asheville " on November 14 . For a more traditional fall experience , head to the Historic Orchard at Altapass , an 104-year-old apple orchard located on the Blue Ridge Parkway . The orchard also offers fresh fudge , honey from its hives , hayrides and a Butterfly Conservation Center to keep the kids busy . Digging for dinner Not all harvesting goes on in the fields . Add seafood to the list of what can be harvested in the fall on Prince Edward Island .  Clamming is n't restricted to fall ; clammers can dig whenever the shore is n't frozen  . Novice clammers can dig for dinner with Experience PEI 's experienced clam diggers , who will take you on expeditions through the end of October . The company 's "  digging for dinner " excursion takes place on the western part of beautiful Prince Edward Island , where the group learns how to find the clams and how to dig without damaging the shells . After the group has enough for "  a feed of clams , " the diggers retire to a restored train caboose , where the lead digger steams up the clams and serves your catch fresh . "  Our clam diggers are wonderful characters in their own right , great storytellers in their own right , ' says Bill Kendrick , co-owner of Experience PEI . Reservations are recommended for the 2-3 hour trip , but the meeting time will vary by availability of Kendrick 's diggers , the time of low tide and the weather . Prices range from $ 65 - $ 85 per person depending on group size . Experience PEI ; 1-866-887-3238 Enjoying fruits of the harvest If you prefer to let others do the harvesting for you , dine on the fruits of the harvest at Boston Harbor Hotel , where hotel guests and locals alike can enjoy tea poured into your cup  not into the harbor  . The waterfront hotel 's chef Daniel Bruce is offering a Fall Harvest Tea through November 29 . "  Fall is my favorite season , " says Bruce , in an email . "  The colors , aromas and ingredients all contribute to setting the tone for a perfect tea . " Bruce 's tea menu infuses the flavors of fall into sweet and savory items . "  The Maple Smoked Salmon tea sandwiches have a wonderful smokiness , while the tartness of the freshly picked apples perfectly complements the roasted chicken in the apple chicken salad tea sandwiches , " he says . "  And , of course , everyone loves pumpkin and walnuts in desserts for autumn . " Bruce , who serves his Harvest Teas in the hotel 's Rowes Wharf Sea Grille , also offers Halloween , Christmas and other seasonal teas . The harvest tea costs $ 39 for adults and $ 25 for children .	Fall reminds travelers of nature 's bounty Become a vintner for a day or observe a historic sugar cane harvest Digging for clams on Prince Edward Island is a fun activity anytime the coast is thawed
London  CNN  -- Britain 's celebrated landscape is set to be changed forever as an incurable disease threatens the existence of one of its most familiar trees . But a group of environmentalists have come up with a high-tech solution to try to tackle the crisis in the countryside . The detection of ash dieback disease , believed to have most likely been transmitted via fungal spores carried on the wind from continental Europe , has prompted environmental authorities to warn it will not be possible to eradicate the disease from Britain 's "  green and pleasant land . " Experts fear vast numbers of Britain 's 80 million ash trees , the country 's fourth most abundant tree specimen , will be lost from its parks and forests . In a sign of how seriously the British government is taking the presence of the disease , Chalara fraxinea , it has held meetings of the government 's crisis committee COBRA -- more commonly convened for national security emergencies -- in response . There is no cure or vaccination for ash dieback , although some specimens are exhibiting some resistance to the disease . When ash dieback hit Denmark , 90 % of its ash trees were affected . Efforts to respond to the disease are focused on tracking and containing its spread , resulting in the destruction of more than 100,000 infected trees to date . To that end , a group of environmentalists has devised its own solution to help the public help authorities track the spread of the disease . "  AshTag " is an app which allows members of the public to report likely sightings of the disease to authorities , along with precise location coordinates , using their smartphones . Members of the public can photograph the tree in question and log the report with the service , and the details will be sent to the Forestry Commission to investigate . Sightings will be plotted on a map , using different colored pins denoting whether the specimen is unchecked , uncertain or likely . "  We made it in a weekend -- a lot of late nights , a lot of coffee , " said Toby Hammond of the University of East Anglia 's Adapt Group , which is behind the initiative . "  It 's a huge task to map this disease -- if you were to do it thoroughly , you 'd have to look at every ash tree in the UK , " he said . A much more effective approach , he says , is to use "  crowd sourcing ... by getting involved all the people who are out walking their dogs or may have an ash tree in their garden that they are concerned about . " The response has been strong . The app has been downloaded almost 10,000 times in a week , resulting in more than 500 possible sightings being uploaded . People without smartphones can still use the service using their computers . Infected ash trees develop lesions on their bark , and dieback and browning of their leaves , which can be harder to spot during autumn months . The app allows for smarter use of resources by allowing staff to filter out unlikely sightings and direct the attention of authorities to the most likely cases to investigate . Sadly , it has not been able to provide any relief for people like Robert Crowder , whose family business , Crowders Nurseries , has run since 1798 , and who estimates the company 's losses to ash dieback to be worth about $ 320,000 . His nursery was recently ordered to burn 50,000 ash saplings -- a loss Crowder believes could have been avoided had the government acted sooner to try to prevent the spread of the disease when it appeared in Western Europe . "  We had seen evidence of the disease in nurseries in Denmark , Germany and Holland and we told the government in 2009 and they chose to do nothing about it , " he said . "  We have now had a financial loss as a result of their indecision . " Britain 's ecosystems have suffered from serious tree diseases in the past , with as many as 30 million elms lost to Dutch elm disease in the 1970s . Jim C. Smith , an urban forestry adviser for the Forestry Commission , said ash dieback was "  at least as serious " as Dutch elm , "  but we do n't know how it will actually spread in the country . " It is hoped that Ashtag can play a role in preventing the spread of ash dieback -- and potentially any of the nearly 20 tree diseases in the UK -- to those proportions .	Ash dieback , an incurable tree disease , has been detected in the UK It threatens Britain 's 80 million ash trees , the fourth most abundant tree in the country A smartphone app called Ashtag is providing a way for the public to report diseased trees More than 100,000 trees have been destroyed in efforts to contain its spread
In the past week , we 've seen an 80-year-old basketball franchise owner fall under the weight of racist comments about banning blacks and Latinos from his arena , and a 73-year-old Nevada rancher implode after saying blacks would be better off picking cotton . So , does that mean we are finally coming to the end of all of this ? Once these octogenarian white men from another time die off , will we finally be free of empirical racism in America ? Doubt it . I 'm a young guy -- 24 . I went to Howard University in Washington . I hang out with the basketball team  in fact , I am Howard 's first play-by-play announcer for our home games . Go Bisons !  . My friends are of mixed background . We all get along . But I also see others around me who , on the surface , may roll with a similar crowd , listen to the same music , say the right things , but who are also slowly being infected with the American disease of racial bias . I hear the subtle signs of racism on talk radio or on the Internet , where coded language of "  quotas " and "  boot-straps " is used in substitution of the old phrases of "  ghettos " and "  laziness . " I read the Twitter feeds and troll the comment boards , listening to how those of like mind cluster together , reinforcing their own points of view . But we 've got a black President , right ? It 's all good , right ? Yes , racism , in less than a half-century , has largely gone from commonplace to taboo . If you are a 67-year-old beloved cooking show star who admits to having used the N-word , there are going to be consequences . If you own a nearly all-black NBA team yet verbalize a disgust for African-Americans , you 're going to get checked . Today , any controversial statement , once exposed to the disinfectant of sunlight and mass media , gets met with immediate backlash . As it should . Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling learned this firsthand when NBA Commissioner Adam Silver banned him for life . Cue applause , drop the mic , walk off the stage . We 're done . Sure , we have come a long way . From the days when my father , a leading real estate inspector in Chicago , could n't live in certain areas or shop in certain stores , to today , when I can graduate from a leading university , enter the field of media , and truly believe I have a chance to exceed my dreams , a lot has changed . But , for my generation , there are still real problems . We do n't truly understand our history . And too often do we go from captivated to uninterested overnight , distracted by the next shiny object or hot Internet meme . We Millennials are the "  here today , gone tomorrow " type of activists . This is most disappointing because access of information is easier than ever before . You no longer have to be rich or famous to have a voice . Just get a Twitter handle , post to your Instagram page or fire up a WordPress blog . So the question becomes , what happens next ? We can not simply stand idly by celebrating surface victories while the problems persist . Racism , as with all other prejudices , has to be attacked at the source . It will not become extinct with the passing of the older generations . A new racist is born every minute . I went to a largely white high school in the western suburbs of Chicago . When I was younger , maybe 10 or 11 , I got into a fight with a neighbor kid who had just called me that magic word -- the "  N " word . That was in 2000 . Parents intervened , the skirmish ceased , and each of us was swiftly scolded . Now it 's quite obvious where he learned the word . He was n't born saying it ; someone had to teach it to him . That kid is much older now , also in his mid-20s . I have n't seen him since , but I wonder what 's in his head now ? Is he growing up to become the next Donald Sterling or Cliven Bundy or Paula Deen ? Or has time and society shifted his adolescent feelings about me and others like me ? It must be remembered that racism is not an innate trait . It is a learned characteristic . We see it on TV . We hear it on the radio . We watch it coming from our parents . I just hope my generation has made that kind of an education a little less desirable . Within our generation are the remnants of a time long past . Today , we live in an age of tolerance . Yet everything is moving 100 miles per hour . That 's one of the big differences between generations past and Millennials . For us , technology is a given . But it 's also an opportunity . It provides an unprecedented level of exposure and opportunity to interact with others not like ourselves . In our generation a six-second Vine clip has the potential to become the lead story on the news , and what we do at a party or a game or in school can be celebrated or scorned with the click of a "  Like " button . But we 've got next . There is a changing of the guard coming in our society , and our number is coming up . So now , it falls upon a generation of young people to see the fight through . We are trapped in between two worlds , the new and the old . Our choices will shape the future . It is our duty as a generation to teach ourselves discipline . To know right from wrong , unacceptable from appropriate . This wo n't be on Sterling 's generation . It will be on us . It is our duty to wash out the ignorant tendencies of our forebears across the board , regardless of race . Dedication will be required , along with an attention span that lasts longer than 140 characters . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Chuck Walton looks at the generational differences in racial attitudes in America Racism is a learned behavior , he says , that his generation must fight to unlearn Walton : Technology exposes us to new ideas but makes it easier for like thinkers to cluster
Mental Floss  -- 1 . Diego Rivera 's "  Man at the Crossroads " The moral : Never hire a communist to do a capitalist 's job . During the Great Depression , Mexican artist Diego Rivera was on a roll . In 1931 , he painted a massive mural for San Francisco 's Pacific Stock Exchange . And by 1933 , he 'd completed two more enormous murals of Ford 's assembly line for the Detroit Institute of Arts . But there was a disconnect in Rivera 's work . Although the artist was a vocal and committed communist , his art was decidedly capitalist . After a few friends pointed out the hypocrisy , Rivera decided to put his paintbrush where his mouth was . Opportunity knocked in 1932 , when the Rockefeller family hired Rivera to create one of his signature paintings in the lobby of the new RCA Building in Rockefeller Center . Their suggested theme for the work was "  Man at the Crossroads Looking with Hope and High Vision to the Choosing of a New and Better Future " -- an allusion to the crossroads between industry and technology . Rivera 's final product depicted a crossroads , but hardly in the way the Rockefellers had intended . Instead , the sprawling 63-foot masterpiece illustrated two alternate futures : a communist heaven and a capitalist hell . Rivera might have gotten away with his political statement if it had n't been for one detail -- he painted his personal hero , Vladimir Lenin , into the piece . When building managers realized Rivera was filling their lobby with Red propaganda , they ordered him to cease and desist . To preserve the art , the Rockefellers asked Rivera to morph Lenin 's portrait into an unrecognizable worker . But when the artist refused  Rivera offered instead to balance the picture with a portrait of Lincoln  , he was paid his full fee , then barred from the site . The mural was immediately covered , and months later , workers were ordered to destroy the piece altogether . It was n't long before the artist got his revenge . Later that year , Rivera re-created the piece for the Palacio de Bellas Artes in Mexico City . Only this time , he added a portrait to the capitalist side ; it was of Nelson Rockefeller , holding a martini glass , under a swarm of syphilitic bacteria . Mental Floss : 5 geniuses who renounced their work 2 . Robert Arneson 's "  Portrait of George " The moral : If you 're going to put the Mayor on a pedestal , do n't build that pedestal with Twinkies . In 1978 , after mayor George Moscone and city supervisor Harvey Milk were assassinated , the city of San Francisco wanted to commemorate its fallen leaders . Officials set about building a new convention center in Moscone 's honor , and held a competition for a proper memorial sculpture to be displayed in the lobby . Artist Robert Arneson quickly won over the selection committee with his proposal for a grinning , oversize bust of the slain mayor . But when the sculpture was unveiled in 1981 , it was met with gasps of horror . The audience was n't shocked by Moscone 's smiling head , but by its nearly 5-foot-tall pedestal , which was imprinted with five bloody bullet holes and graffiti that read "  BANG BANG BANG " and "  HARVEY MILK TOO . " Arneson even included an image of a revolver and a Twinkie -- a reference to the assassin , Dan White , who 'd tried to exonerate himself in court by arguing that junk food binges were to blame for his violent mood swings . Arneson claimed he was trying to portray the totality of the crime , but San Franciscans would n't have it . Mayor Moscone 's successor , Dianne Feinstein , denounced the work , and the city demanded its money back . A handful of people did appreciate the sculpture , though . A private collector purchased the piece immediately , and in 1997 , "  Portrait of George " resold for $ 155,000 . Today , even Feinstein agrees the work would be "  appropriate for a museum . " Just do n't count on it showing up in the Moscone Center lobby anytime soon . 3 . Horatio Greenough 's "  George Washington " The moral : Founding Fathers look less distinguished in the nude . In 1832 , Congress commissioned a giant sculpture of George Washington for the 100th anniversary of the president 's birth . They tapped artist Horatio Greenough for the job , and he seemed like a perfect fit . Not only did the Boston native come with a great reputation , but he 'd also trained in Rome with the best European artists . Considering Greenough 's background , Congress assumed that his work might be classically influenced . What they did n't expect was to see the Founding Father on a pedestal , almost naked as the day he was born . To be fair , Horatio Greenough had good intentions . Inspired by ancient depictions of Greek gods , the artist wanted to portray America 's first president with the strength of Zeus , bestowing power on the people . But when Greenough unveiled his work in the Capitol rotunda , the audience did n't get it . Instead of greeting the statue with thunderous applause , onlookers simply gawked and snickered at the half-naked George Washington . Wrapped loosely in a toga , the president looked out of character with his nipples and belly button exposed . Worse still , Washington 's arm was extended outward in a grand gesture , and many in the crowd joked that the embarrassed president was trying to reach for his clothes . Congress was outraged . They tried to relocate the piece , eventually sticking it on the east lawn of the Capitol . By 1908 , however , politicians had acquired a sense of humor about the sculpture , and the statue was moved to the Smithsonian . Today , it can be seen in all its naked splendor at the National Museum of American History . Mental Floss : 8 times museum patrons mangled works of art 4 . David Cerný 's "  Entropa " The moral : Not everyone appreciates racist , nationalist humor . On January 1 , 2009 , the Czech Republic took over the revolving presidency of the European Union , and to commemorate the event , the government turned to Czech artist David Cerný . For his piece , Cerný proposed working with 26 other artists , one from each EU member nation , to create a grand monument . But when "  Entropa " was unveiled on January 12 , the international community was scandalized . Rather than celebrating Europe , "  Entropa " mocked each and every country . "  Entropa " is a huge map in which each nation is represented as a stereotype . Some are silly ; others are blatantly offensive . Romania is depicted as a Dracula theme park ; Germany is a network of motorways that resembles a swastika ; Sweden is a large , IKEA-style box ; Bulgaria is a collection of squat toilets . Upon seeing the work , the Bulgarian government immediately issued a formal complaint . The controversy grew when newspapers noticed that Cerný 's "  team " of international artists was nowhere to be found . Cerný soon admitted that they did n't exist ; his only collaborators were his two assistants . Outraged , Czech officials accused him of misappropriating state funds , but Cerný insisted that he 'd always intended to return the money . Three days later , when the work was ceremonially presented to the public , Cerný formally apologized to the Czech government . He said his intention was "  to see if Europe is able to laugh at itself . " Apparently , it ca n't . Mental Floss : 9 really dangerous pieces of art For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Artists have their own vision when it comes to creating commissioned works of art These works have been rejected because of political , emotional or moral content The nude "  George Washington " can still be seen at the National Museum of American History
Moscow  CNN  The Ukrainian girlfriend of slain Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov faces constant psychological pressure from Moscow authorities and fears she will be implicated in his death , her mother told CNN . Model Anna Duritskaya , 23 , was walking with Nemtsov on Friday night when a gunman shot the politician about 100 meters  330 feet  from the Kremlin . "  She was crying and she was saying Boris had been killed and he 's lying next to me , " said her mother , Inna Duritskaya . "  She was in such shock she could n't say anything else . " Duritskaya said her daughter was questioned until 2 a.m. Monday . She said she fears authorities will implicate her daughter in the death because they have threatened to take her attorney away from her . The model had been staying at the apartment of an aide to Nemtsov under constant police guard . Late Monday , Yevhen Perebyinis , a spokesman for Ukraine 's Foreign Ministry , tweeted that Duritskaya had left Moscow for Kiev . The assassination has spawned a flood of conspiracy theories . Nemtsov was one of President Vladimir Putin 's most outspoken critics , and many suspect the Kremlin of either direct or indirect involvement . Inna Duritskaya said her daughter knew the risks of getting involved with the prominent opposition leader . "  Of course when I heard she was dating him it was a bit of a shock , " she said . "  Then when I met him in person I liked him a lot as a person . He was straightforward , he treated my daughter very well , she was happy . And I could n't influence it anyway ; my daughter did what she wanted to . Of course , I was worried and scared , but I could n't change it anyway . " Thousands of Nemtsov supporters gathered Sunday in Moscow to mourn the death of the 55-year-old , who was deputy prime minister during President Boris Yeltsin 's administration . The event took place the same day Nemtsov was supposed to lead a rally in Moscow decrying Russia 's policies on Ukraine . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said Saturday that Nemtsov was about to reveal information that would be damaging to Russian interests , Ukraine 's state-run Ukrinform news agency reported . "  A few weeks ago I had a conversation with him on how to build relations between Ukraine and Russia , as we would like them to be , " Ukrinform quoted Poroshenko as saying . "  Boris said that he was going to make public the strong evidence for participation of the Russian armed forces in Ukraine . Someone was very afraid of that . Boris was not afraid , the executioners were afraid . They killed him . " Putin condemned the killing and ordered three law enforcement agencies to investigate the shooting , the Kremlin said . The President also wrote to Nemtsov 's mother , saying he shared her grief , and promised to bring those behind the killing to justice , the Kremlin said . Police said they are looking for a man with short hair who stands between 5 feet 7 inches and 5 feet 9 inches , Russia 's Sputnik news agency reported . The shooter was wearing blue jeans and a brown sweater . The Investigative Committee of the Russian Federation is offering a reward of 3 million rubles  $ 49,000  for information leading to the arrest of the killer . It said the tipster will be guaranteed anonymity . On Monday , the Russian television station Dozhd published an interview with Anna Duritskaya after her release . Duritskaya told the interviewer she did not see who killed Nemtsov , but that when she turned around she saw a light-colored car driving away . Duritskaya said that her wish was to go home to Ukraine to see her mother and that she did not believe she could attend Nemtsov 's funeral on Tuesday . Speculation has pointed blame at everyone from Putin , to a Putin associate , to someone just irked by Nemtsov 's business activities . "  I doubt it was a direct order from Putin , but it was this toxic atmosphere of hatred , " Russian pro-democracy activist Garry Kasparov said . "  It has been propagated by Russian television 24/7 . " Nemtsov 's friend and political colleague Ilya Yashin blamed Putin more directly : "  It 's clearly a political murder , " Yashin said . "  I do n't know who killed Boris , but I know that it 's the government and personally Putin who are responsible for it . " Putin offered a different theory : that the killing was a contract hit , but one meant to fire up political strife , his spokesman Dmitry Peskov said . One man near the site of Nemtsov 's memorial said he thinks the killer was a Putin opponent . "  I do n't think Putin did this , " he told CNN . "  I think this was some radical group that wants to make Putin look bad . " Nemtsov had said he was at risk for assassination . He told the Russian newspaper Sobesednik last month that he was "  a little bit " afraid his mother 's fears that Putin would have him killed would come true . But he added , "  I 'm not afraid of him that much . If I was afraid I would n't be heading an opposition party and do what I 'm doing . " Opinion : The complicated life and tragic death of Boris Nemtsov Critics of Putin have in the past suffered miserable fates . Last year , a Moscow court sentenced five men to prison for the 2006 killing of Russian journalist and fierce Kremlin critic Anna Politkovskaya . Business magnate Mikhail Khodorkovsky accused Putin of corruption and spent 10 years in prison and labor camps . Late last year , Kremlin critic Alexey Navalny was found guilty of fraud in a politically charged trial . Russia 's official news agency reported Monday that a request by Navalny to attend Nemtsov 's funeral had been denied . And before his death , Nemtsov had been arrested several times for speaking against Putin 's government . Kasparov , chairman of the Human Rights Foundation 's International Council , suggested the killing was linked to the Kremlin 's own insecurity . "  If you are popular your critics do n't have to be shot down in front of the Kremlin , " Kasparov tweeted . "  Putin is just food in a prison , eat it or starve . " CNN 's Diana Magnay reported from Kiev , Ukraine ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta ; and Alla Eshchenko reported from Moscow . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen and Matthew Chance in Moscow contributed to this report .	Girlfriend Anna Duritskaya is under constant pressure by police , her mother says Boris Nemtsov , a staunch critic of Putin 's , was gunned down as he walked with Duritskaya
New York  CNN  -- A 29-year-old Zumba instructor was sentenced to 10 months in jail Friday for engaging in prostitution out of her fitness studio in the picturesque town of Kennebunk , Maine . In addition to the time in jail , Alexis Wright must pay more than $ 57,000 in restitution and $ 1,000 in fines , according to a sentencing memorandum . Prosecutors dropped more than 80 other counts and downplayed the more serious tax related charges from felonies to misdemeanors , according to the sentencing documents . Wright 's lawyer Sarah Churchill told CNN Friday that the outcome was fair and that "  it was also important to be able to close this phase , so that Alexis can move forward and begin to heal from all of this . " In court Friday , Wright said , "  I am a person who knows the difference between right and wrong and for this reason I chose to take the time in jail to take responsibility for my actions . " Wright and her business partner , Mark Strong , sparked uproar in the quiet Maine town last year when a prostitution ring became public and a list of clients was released and spread around town . On the list were lawyers , accountants , a local TV personality and many others , according to Strong 's lawyer . Court documents show Wright videotaped intimate encounters with some of her customers in three locations in the small picket-fenced community of 10,000 that is Kennebunk , including the store-front Zumba exercise studio run by Wright . Zumba is , according to the brand 's official website , "  an exhilarating , effective , easy-to-follow , Latin-inspired , calorie-burning dance fitness-party that 's moving millions of people toward joy and health . " Maine 's State Police and the state 's Drug Enforcement Administration began investigating the prostitution ring in 2011 after receiving a tip that there was more going on at the studio than a Latin dance fitness-party . In February 2012 , Wright 's Zumba studio was raided , as well as Strong 's offices . According to Strong 's sentencing memo , Wright would not engage in a prostitution session unless Strong had "  prior knowledge of the session and was actively watching via the Skype connection . " Over 13,000 Skype video call snapshots were recovered from Strong 's computer , according to the memo . Strong was found guilty of promotion of prostitution and conspiracy to promote prostitution in March , according to his court sentencing memo . He was sentenced to 20 days in jail , according to court documents . Through tears on Friday , Wright told the judge that she planned on helping other women who were in similar situations . "  The problem is that a situation like mine is happening every day all over the country and it seems as though everyone would rather turn a blind eye to it rather than see the ugly reality that it is , " Wright said . "  It is my intention to stand up for what is right and when I get out I am going to pursue helping people fight through situations similar to mine . " CNN 's Adam Reiss , Deborah Feyerick and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	29-year-old Zumba instructor was sentenced to 10 months in jail Friday Alexis Wright pleaded guilty to a total of 20 misdemeanor charges Charges ranged from theft to engaging in prostitution
CNN  -- Sports loom large in the public 's mind today . From the Penn State and Syracuse scandals to the upcoming BCS Bowl Series and the NFL playoffs , much attention is being paid to our athletes and coaches . These men have enormous impact on the lives of our children , which makes the focus on actions at Penn State and Syracuse universities necessary and the mockery of the actions of honorable men , such as Denver Broncos quarterback Tim Tebow , so disheartening . Tebow continues to win games . This Sunday he again led the Broncos to victory . He 's now 6-1 this year as a starter , the Broncos are in first place in their division , and he has led the team to the most road wins in a row since John Elway . Tebow is a good man and a good football player . He 's a man of character , faith and integrity . He 's also a Heisman Trophy winner , a two-time BCS national champion and arguably one of the greatest college football players of all time . Tebow is a role model for sports fans everywhere . But instead of lifting him up , too many commentators , critics and even fellow athletes mock and deride him and hope that he fails . The latest example is "  Tebowing , " where one kneels in prayer with his or her head bent in mockery of Tebow 's usual touchdown celebration prayer . Several weeks ago , Detroit Lions ' linebacker Stephen Tulloch "  Tebowed " after sacking Tebow and Detroit tight end Tony Scheffler "  Tebowed " after catching a touchdown against the Broncos . Critics like to pretend that it 's Tebow 's football style that bothers them . Tebow has n't yet proven to be a natural pocket passer , but in his last start he threw for more than 200 yards with two touchdowns , no interceptions and a passer rating near 150 , and he continues to lead game-winning drives almost every week . There is always room for healthy criticism in sports , especially at the quarterback position , but Tebow is subject to something uglier . Sportscasters love to take extra shots at Tebow ; take Merril Hoge , who at one point tweeted , "  It 's embarrassing to think the Broncos could win with Tebow !! " Critics have a problem with who Tebow is as a man . They are bothered by his faith , character and conviction . Jake Plummer , former Broncos quarterback , said in a recent interview , "  I wish he 'd just shut up . " They tell him to take his "  holier than thou " faith off the field . Too many in our culture deride good men such as Tebow because they make them feel uncomfortable . These same critics believe the Aha ! theory of human behavior . This theory assumes that the real character of a person is always base and hidden from the eye and that all good actions are a front for ulterior and bad or low motives . Aha ! Tim Tebow , you say you 're Christian , but we know it 's a facade for sympathy and attention . You 're just like the rest of us . C.S. Lewis warned us of this . He wrote in "  The Abolition of Man , " "  We make men without chests and expect from them virtue and enterprise . We laugh at honor and are shocked to find traitors in our midst . " We scoff at Tebow and all that he represents and are horrified at the scandals at Penn State and Syracuse . We are right to be horrified , but we should n't make fun of our good men . Men such as Tebow are not in over supply . Despite what his critics say , he should not stop what he is doing . We need men like him , the type of men many fathers would want their daughters to marry and many mothers would want their sons to grow up to be . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	Tim Tebow is proving to be a winning quarterback for the Denver Broncos William Bennett says Tebow displays his faith on the field , and gets criticism He says some scoff at Tebow or mock him Bennett : Tebow is the kind of role model fans should value
Guatemala City  CNN  -- Four poisoned dogs . A dead neighbor . A millionaire on the run . Come Thursday , deportation may be the latest twist to the saga of software mogul John McAfee . McAfee , who was on the run for weeks to evade questioning in his neighbor 's death , was detained in Guatemala on Wednesday after entering the country illegally , officials there said . He may be sent back to Belize on Thursday so officials there can question him , said Francisco Cuevas , a spokesman for Guatemala 's president . For those following the tale of McAfee , the man who amassed a fortune by running and then selling an antivirus software company named after him , this new twist should come as no surprise . His arrival in Guatemala is the latest scene in a true story that reads like a Hollywood tale . The case began to unfold on November 9 , when McAfee told police someone had poisoned four of his dogs . To put them out of their misery , he shot each in the head and buried them on his property , a former girlfriend said . Officials say the dogs ' barking and aggressive behavior was a frequent source of friction between McAfee and his neighbor , American businessman Gregory Faull . Then Faull turned up dead -- two days after the poisoning -- with a gunshot wound to the head . He was in his own living room . A 9 mm shell was found on the second step on the first floor , and Faull was found dead on the second floor of the home in a remote area of Belize . Authorities in Belize have wanted to question McAfee about the death . He refused and then went into hiding . Three people have been detained for questioning in the killing , police have said , and investigators are pursuing multiple leads . "  I had nothing to do with his death , " McAfee wrote on his website Tuesday in a message to Faull 's family . "  I have lost five close family members in my 67 years and I know your suffering . " Though being in hiding , the Internet tycoon has kept an active online presence . He also granted an interview to CNN last week to explain why he did not want to talk to police . He said he feared for his life . He said authorities wanted to persecute him for his refusal to pay a bribe . "  I will certainly not turn myself in , and I will certainly not quit fighting . I will not stop my blog , " he said . His blog and accusations seemed to anger and baffle authorities in Belize . "  He 's really gone out of his way to make the country look bad , and we just believe he should , if he 's innocent as he 's saying he is , he should bring in his lawyer , and let 's get to the bottom of this and say what he needs to say and let 's move on , " Raphael Martinez , a spokesman for the Belize Police Department , said this week . Then McAfee turned up in neighboring Guatemala on Wednesday , to the surprise of authorities there . That same day , the country 's foreign minister said he did not know how McAfee got there . There was no registry of McAfee entering legally at any official border crossing , Foreign Minister Harold Caballeros told reporters . His lawyer , Telesforo Guerra , filed a formal request for asylum with Guatemalan officials Wednesday . But by Wednesday night McAfee , was detained and his asylum request was "  suspended , " said the presidential spokesman . "  Any citizen of any country must be expelled if they enter Guatemala illegally . This is what has occurred at this time . Because of this , he is in the custody of immigration , so they can conclude the administrative process , and then he will be expelled from the country , " Cuevas said . It was unclear what the next move would be in this saga that has now become an international news story . But it seems the next chapter will be written right where this all started . Belize . A bizarre visit to John McAfee 's pleasure palace in Belize CNN 's Lateef Mungin contributed from Atlanta and journalist Miguel Salay from Guatemala	John McAfee could be deported to Belize on Thursday , a Guatemalan official says Guatemalan immigration authorities detain him a day earlier His lawyer files a request for asylum with the Guatemalan government
CNN  The 2015 Golden Globes stood up for free speech -- in more ways than one . The show will remembered for Tina Fey and Amy Poehler 's  presumed  last hosting hurrah , a running gag featuring Margaret Cho as a North Korean representative and a couple of gasp-inducing Bill Cosby jokes . And as always , there were the usual bunch of what Ricky Gervais called "  rich , beautiful over-privileged people , " a few of whom , Gervais included , definitely seemed to be enjoying their drinks . But the Golden Globes also provided some stirring moments and hints of the awards season still to come : 1 . Standing up for free speech and social justice As we 've seen with the threats over "  The Interview " and the Charlie Hebdo tragedy , there are still many who have no respect for diverse opinions -- or diversity , period . In a rousing address , Theo Kingma , head of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association -- the journalists ' organization that puts on the Globes -- called out the need for free speech . "  As international journalists , we understand the freedom of artistic expression . It is not only an integral part of the American fabric but a beacon that is reflected across the globe , " he said . "  Together we will stand united against anyone that will repress free speech . Anywhere , from North Korea to Paris . " He received a standing ovation . Many stars wore "  Je Suis Charlie " buttons in honor of the French magazine and its cartoonists who were slain by terrorists last week . The awards themselves showcased a diversity of subjects and performances . "  Transparent , " a show about a family finding new strength after realizing the father , played by Jeffrey Tambor , is transgender , won best comedy series . Tambor also won for best actor in a comedy series . "  Glory , " from the movie "  Selma , " won best original song . In his speech , Common highlighted the many faces of the movie . "  I am the hopeful black woman who was denied the right to vote . I am the caring white supporter , " he said . "  I am the unarmed black kid who maybe needed a hand but instead was given a bullet . I am the two fallen police officers , murdered in the line of duty . ` Selma ' has awakened my humanity . We look to the future , and we want to create a better world . Now is our time to change the world . Selma is now . " 2 . Women take center stageThough women still have to fight for worthy movie roles -- " ` Boyhood ' proves that there are still roles for women over 40 , as long as you 're hired while you 're still under 40 , " went one of Fey and Poehler 's zingers -- the Globes showed that they 're finding greater influence behind the scenes . "  Transparent " was created by Jill Soloway . "  The Affair , " which won best TV drama series , was co-created by Sarah Treem . "  Selma " was directed by Ava DuVernay . And Maggie Gyllenhaal , who won best actress in a TV miniseries or movie , was having none of the hand-wringing about women 's roles . "  What I think is new is the wealth of roles for actual women in television and in film . That 's what I think is revolutionary , and evolutionary , and it 's what 's turning me on , " she said . 3 . Upsets ! On the TV side , "  The Affair " beat "  Game of Thrones " and "  House of Cards , " among others , for best drama series , and the show 's Ruth Wilson won best actress in a drama series . Gina Rodriguez of "  Jane the Virgin " won best actress in a comedy series . "  Fargo " took home TV movie/miniseries over "  Olive Kitteridge " and "  True Detective . " But it 's the movies that have awards-watchers wondering . "  How to Train Your Dragon 2 " won animated film over "  Big Hero 6 " and "  The Lego Movie . " Amy Adams won best actress in a musical or comedy for "  Big Eyes . " And the Globes may indicate a groundswell for Wes Anderson 's "  The Grand Budapest Hotel . " It won best musical or comedy film over the favorite , "  Birdman . " Oh , and there was another kind of "  upset . " If you noticed some stars looking sweaty and uncomfortable , it may have been the apparently toasty climate inside the ballroom at the Beverly Hilton  although a hotel spokeswoman says the A/C was "  fully operational "  . Frances McDormand summed it up with her aggressive fanning . 4 . "  Boyhood " is the Oscars front-runner On the drama side , however , there was no drama : "  Boyhood " won best picture , Richard Linklater won best director , and Patricia Arquette won best supporting actress . The three-hour film , shot piecemeal over the course of 12 years , has long been touted as the Oscar front-runner . It cemented that status Sunday night at the Globes . 5 . Charming George Clooney You can always count on Clooney to add a touch of class and wit to any proceedings , and he did n't disappoint at the Globes , where he was given the Cecil B. DeMille Award . He was self-deprecating , joking about the bad reviews for his own "  Monuments Men , " and then prompted a million sighs when he paid heartfelt tribute to his new wife , Amal Alamuddin . Moreover , he did n't forget about his colleagues , working in praise for the late Lauren Bacall and Robin Williams , and went out with a comment about the Paris marches for Charlie Hebdo and free speech . "  They marched in support of the idea that we will not walk in fear , " he said . Clooney , as he often does , said it all . CNN 's Lisa France contributed to this story .	Golden Globes award show highlighted free speech , diversity issues Wins for "  Boyhood " cement its status as an awards front-runner
CNN  -- The man police say opened fire inside a crowded Colorado movie theater may have been planning the attack for months , the local police chief told reporters Saturday . Suspect James E. Holmes , 24 , is accused of killing 12 people and wounding 58 in the suburban Denver community of Aurora . He is also alleged to have rigged his apartment with booby traps so that whoever entered it would be seriously hurt or killed . Holmes received a high volume of deliveries over the past four months to both his home and work addresses , which police believe begins to explain how he got his hands on some of the materials used in the attack and those found at his apartment , said Aurora Police Chief Daniel Oates . "  What we 're seeing here is evidence of , I think , some calculation and deliberation , " he said . "  We have the evidence of a deliberative process to commit this assault , and we have the evidence of a deliberative process in his mind to attack whoever opened the door of his apartment . " "  Make no mistake , " said Oates , "  this apartment was designed ... to kill . " Authorities continued Saturday making headway on the suspect 's home . Technicians , with the help of a robot , worked to handle traps , wires and possible explosive and incendiary devices , according to Jim Yacone , a special agent with the FBI who briefed reporters alongside Oates . Two devices were intentionally detonated at the site . The operation proceeded with an eye toward preserving evidence , all of which will be sent to an FBI lab in Quantico , Virginia , Yacone said . By Saturday evening , police said that "  all hazards " had been removed from the suspect 's apartment . Hundreds of residents were evacuated from five buildings , including the modest , three-story brick building where Holmes told police he had rigged his top-floor , one-bedroom apartment with explosives . All occupants except those who live in the suspect 's building were allowed to return home Saturday night , police said . Remembering the victims through photos At least 26 victims of the shooting remained hospitalized Saturday -- nine in critical condition -- in five hospitals . Grief counselors were staffing area high schools . And the city is planning a vigil Sunday night . Also Sunday , President Barack Obama is expected to be in Aurora to meet with local officials and victims ' families . "  I think that overall the community is very , very shaken , and I think we 're in shock and I think we 're still trying to get our arms around how did such a tragedy happen to us , " said Rhonda Fields , a Colorado state representative . "  There 's a lot of hurt . There 's a lot of uncertainty . " As the identities of those who died became public Saturday , Town Center at Aurora reopened for business , though its movie house -- Century Aurora 16 -- remained shuttered . Police Chief Oates said he hoped his officers would be out of the theater by Monday to allow the suspect 's defense team in there Tuesday . Theater owners could get the auditorium back Wednesday , he said . Investigators have said little about what may have led the suspect to open fire during a premiere Friday of the Batman sequel "  The Dark Knight Rises . " The sold-out theater was filled with fans , some in costume . The incident began unfolding late Thursday , when Holmes bought a ticket to the midnight show and entered the theater , a law enforcement source involved in the investigation told CNN . Families of victims receive tragic confirmation But Holmes soon went out a rear door leading from the theater to the parking lot , leaving it propped open , the source said . He gathered weapons before re-entering through the same door , said the source , who was not authorized to release the information . He was back inside the theater a few minutes after the movie had begun and was dressed head-to-toe in black , authorities said . Witnesses described him as wearing a gas mask that concealed much of his face and head . Holmes ' hair had been dyed red , and he later told police he was "  the Joker , " according to a federal law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation . The source was not authorized to release details to the media . The federal law enforcement source 's information about the suspect 's appearance fits with a statement made to reporters by New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly , who said he had been briefed by Colorado authorities . Police Chief Oates declined to release details about Holmes ' appearance other than to describe what he was wearing : a ballistic helmet and protective gear for his legs , throat and groin , black gloves and a gas mask . He said he would not release the booking photo "  for investigative reasons . " Police said Holmes set off two gas-emitting devices before spraying the theater with bullets from an AR-15 rifle , a 12-gauge shotgun and at least one of two .40 - caliber handguns that police recovered . "  There was blood everywhere , " Christina Blache , a shooting victim , told CNN 's Don Lemon from her hospital bed Saturday . Her friend was one of those killed . "  You 're sitting in a movie theater trying to watch a movie with your friends . Who expects to be shot in a movie theater ? None of us did , " she said . Robots reveal unique setup of suspect 's apartment Holmes had bought the guns legally at stores in the Denver area over the past two months , Oates said . More than 6,000 rounds of ammunition were also purchased online , according to the police chief . A receipt obtained by CNN shows Holmes bought some of the tactical gear , including a vest and a magazine pouch , online on July 2 . Want to help ? Here 's how Holmes surrendered without resistance within seven minutes of the first 911 calls from moviegoers , Oates said . He was arrested in the theater 's rear parking lot . "  If you think we 're angry , we sure as hell are angry about what has happened to our city , what has happened to these wonderful people who live here , and also what he threatened to do to one of our police officers , " the police chief said . Witness : ` Longest minute of my life ' The Joker has long been a fixture in Batman comics and was famously portrayed by Heath Ledger in 2008 's "  The Dark Knight , " the predecessor to "  The Dark Knight Rises . " Ledger , who died in 2008 , won a posthumous Academy Award for his portrayal of the villain who encourages anarchists to take over Gotham City . Holmes , who is being held in Arapahoe County Jail , is scheduled to appear in court on Monday morning . The court file was sealed , according to a court order . Are you there ? Share your story with CNN iReport and post tributes to the victims . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Carol Cratty , Ed Lavandera , Susan Candiotti , Joe Sutton , Mike Brooks , Sarah Aarthun and Jim Spellman contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama is scheduled to be in Colorado Sunday to visit victims ' families NEW : "  Who expects to be shot in a movie theater ? " a survivor asks James E. Holmes received a high volume of deliveries the past four months , says police chief Chief Dan Oates on the suspect 's home : "  Make no mistake . This apartment was designed ... to kill "
CNN  -- Debris from a cargo ship that ran aground off the coast of New Zealand last year , and split in two over the weekend , washed up on a local beach Monday . Four shipping containers also came ashore on Waihi Beach , and another seven are within a mile of the shore , Maritime New Zealand said in a statement . Police closed public access to the beach . People are being encouraged to steer clear of the water , and to report whatever debris they see . So far , the reported debris includes timber , milk powder and plastic material . "  There is inevitably going to be a lot of mess and disturbance for the next few days while this is cleaned up and we would like people to use common sense and stay well away from the debris -- in some cases this will mean staying out of the water as well as away from material washed up on the beach , " National On Scene Commander Alex van Wijngaarden said in the statement . The Rena , a Liberian-flagged vessel , struck the Astrolabe Reef , about 12 nautical miles off the city of Tauranga , on the North Island , in October . It split in two over the weekend , triggering fears of a fresh oil spill . Hundreds of tonnes of oil have already leaked from the ship , leading New Zealand 's environment minister to call the spill the country 's most significant maritime environmental disaster . But on Monday , maritime officials said there is "  no indication of a significant release of oil from the Rena , although a sheen of oil is still visible off the vessel . " Between 200 and 300 containers on the ship were lost overboard when it broke in two , Maritime New Zealand said .	Police close Waihi Beach as shipping containers come ashore The cargo ship broke in two over the weekend It ran aground off New Zealand 's North Island in October Government : Spill is country 's most significant maritime environmental disaster
Paris , France  CNN  -- French police are searching the home of the daughter of L'Oreal heiress Liliane Bettencourt , a spokeswoman from the prosecutor 's office in the Paris suburb of Nanterre told CNN Wednesday . Bettencourt 's daughter , Francoise Bettencourt-Meyers , went to court last month accusing a photographer of bilking her mother out of a billion euros . Bettencourt , who is France 's richest woman , allegedly gave the money to the photographer , but her daughter says she is not mentally competent to handle her own affairs . At the same time , police are investigating claims that Bettencourt 's adviser gave envelopes of cash to French President Nicolas Sarkozy and Labor Minister Eric Woerth.Police questioned Liliane Bettencourt on Monday . It was unclear whether the search at her daughter 's home and the questioning of Liliane Bettencourt were related , or to what case the search was tied . Woerth and Sarkozy have both denied the allegations , which resulted from secret recordings that surfaced last month . The recordings , allegedly made by Bettencourt 's butler , also refer to a bank account in Switzerland containing 80 million euros  $ 98.3 million  , which had not been reported on Bettencourt 's taxes . Woerth will be questioned by police at some point , a spokeswoman for the prosecutor 's office said last week . No date for that has been set . Woerth 's wife , Florence , was questioned last week , the spokeswoman said . The secret recordings published last month revealed that Florence Woerth was , until late June , the deputy to Bettencourt 's financial adviser , Patrice de Maistre . Bettencourt 's former bookkeeper , Claire Thibout , elaborated on the allegations in an interview this month with a French investigative website . She said she prepared envelopes of cash that were to be given to Sarkozy and Woerth , who previously worked in the Budget Ministry and was in charge of reforms to France 's retirement system . Thibout 's lawyer told French news agency Agence France-Presse this month that de Maistre once asked his client for 150,000 euros  $ 188,800  and said he would give it "  discreetly " to Woerth at a dinner . Thibout testified before a judge about the allegations earlier in July . The French newspaper Le Monde published her testimony , in which she repeated her allegations against de Maistre and said she regularly withdrew large sums of money at his request . Among other claims is that Sarkozy 's 2007 presidential campaign received money from Bettencourt in excess of campaign finance limits .	Police are searching the home of Liliane Bettencourt 's daughter Bettencourt is the L'Oreal heiress and France 's richest woman Police questioned Bettencourt on Monday
CNN  -- Police in British Columbia have filed charges against a motorcyclist who allegedly videotaped himself reaching speeds of at least 186 mph on a busy Canadian highway . Through tips from the public , the Saanich Police Department , on Vancouver Island , identified the rider as 25-year-old Randy George Scott of Victoria . Scott is still on the lam , police said , and they still are trying to track him down . The online video of the harrowing ride has been viewed nearly a million times . "  We have a dedicated group of traffic safety officers and that is a very dramatic example of some obviously dangerous driving , " Sgt. Dean Jantzen told CNN . The video shows a motorcyclist reaching an apparent top speed of 299 kilometers per hour  186 mph  weaving between cars , but authorities think his actual speed may have been even faster . You can hear him accelerating even when it says 299 kilometers per hour , " Jantzen said . The posted speed limit is 50 mph . The incident took place on April 6 on a busy stretch of the Trans-Canada highway . Jantzen said motorcyclists traveling at dangerously excessive speeds are not typical in that part of Saanich , which is more urban . Saanich police say if convicted on the current charges , he could be sentenced up to five years in jail . Scott , who police say has had prior run-ins with the law , has been added to Saanich Police Department 's "  Most Wanted " fugitive list , and police are advising him to turn himself in . The full video can be seen at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylDA3UV2eXc California official arrested in videotaped beating Canadian police use video to ID suspect in body parts killing	Motorcyclist taped self zipping between heavy traffic on Vancouver Island The man , identified as Randy George Scott , 25 , of Victoria , is still at large The video allegedly shows rider hitting a top speed of 186 mph  299 kph Officer : "  That is a very dramatic example of some obviously dangerous driving "
As the National Transportation Safety Board begins public hearings on Wednesday into the crash of an Asiana Airlines Boeing 777 in San Francisco in July , one question is certain to keep popping up : Have pilots become too dependent on computer systems to fly their airplanes ? The simple answer is yes . When pilots become confused or overwhelmed by technology that was supposed to make their jobs easier or when they find themselves unable to regain control of their aircraft when a component in the computer system fails , the aviation industry needs to seriously assess the problem . Modern airliners use computers to handle just about every function imaginable -- from starting the engines and monitoring the cabin environment for the right temperature and pressure balance to handling the complex navigation necessary to fly an airplane safely between South Korea and San Francisco . Shaking free of any of the technology anywhere along the way is very difficult because so many of the aircraft 's systems depend upon each other to work together . An airliner 's automation today can handle almost all of a pilot 's duties more smoothly and with better precision than any human . Computers have become so tightly integrated into the operation of an airliner , however , that the real problem is trying to carve out a few tasks the pilots can still call their own . One of the last completely human tasks is landing the airplane . With computers being tasked to perform so much of the work on each and every flight , pilots find their jobs have changed dramatically . Whereas once they were captains of the sky able to manipulate the flight controls to maneuver a 500,000-pound airplane through stormy skies and still plunk 300 people down at the destination safely , they now find themselves to be mere system monitors . Today , pilots program the computers before takeoff , making sure all the panel lights are green and then watch as the computers fly the aircraft most of the way . Is it any wonder that with so little practice actually manually handling the aircraft 's flight controls and making many of the critical decisions that are now handed off to the computers that the pilots often find their minds wandering ? We should n't be surprised that this happens . We all grow easily bored when we 're forced to watch someone , or something , perform a task for hours on end , especially when we 've been told that the computer pilot in this case probably flies better than we do anyway , at least most of the time . Consider Asiana 214 's arrival at San Francisco . Facts uncovered during the initial investigation pointed to the pilot 's failure to notice that a critical system called the auto-throttles was accidentally turned off . Auto-throttles let the computers control how much power the aircraft 's engines produce to maintain a given airspeed . With the auto-throttle switched off , the pilots thought the computers were controlling power and airspeed , when in actuality , the computers were on standby . Basically , it means that no one was actually controlling the aircraft 's altitude at that time . Without enough engine power , the aircraft 's speed dropped too low to allow it to continue flying and it struck a dike just short of the runway , ripping away the landing gear . Three people died while over 180 people were injured . During the final few seconds of the approach to San Francisco , the pilots simply sat in the cockpit , apparently mesmerized by the view of the bay , assuming the computer was flying . The big question of course is why did n't they notice the computers were on standby ? With the recent release of a study , "  Operational Use of Flight Path Management Systems , " the aviation industry has begun to identify weaknesses in our aviation safety system , including potential problems in human-computer interactions . The report recommends improving pilot training to include more hands-on flying practice and more intensive classroom study about technology 's shortcomings . It also calls for better cockpit designs that reduce potentially confusing messages , and up-to-date training to keep federal regulators ahead of the technology curve . The study has been turned over to the FAA , but no timeline or next steps in the process have been outlined . Without a defined plan of action soon , we may see another crash on the horizon before too long .	This week , public hearings take place on the crash of an Asiana Airlines Boeing 777 Robert Mark : Have pilots become too dependent on computer systems to fly planes ? He says it 's a serious problem when pilots get overwhelmed by technology Mark : We need better cockpit designs and train pilots more on hands-on flying
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Nicole Ganguzza was a newlywed in grad school at the University of Central Florida when she was dragged off a trail and strangled to death while jogging in a park in June . Nicole Ganguzza , 26 , was studying to be a family therapist at the time of her death . Ganguzza , 26 , was close to earning her master 's degree in marriage and family therapy . She was looking forward to having children of her own . She left class on June 10 at about 5:35 p.m. Ten minutes later , she called husband Brendan Ganguzza and told him she was going jogging at Jay Blanchard Park , not far from the university 's campus in Orlando , Florida . Brendan Ganguzza became worried at about 7 p.m. when he could n't reach his wife on her phone . He searched the park for two hours , calling police at about 9 p.m. Police combed the brush through the evening , and the search the next day grew to 60 people . Her body was found behind the post office , about two miles from where her Mitsubishi Eclipse was parked and just off the Econlockhatchee Trail where she 'd been jogging . Watch for the clues " Brendan Ganguzza became a widower at 30 . He is working hard to keep her memory alive . "  It 's hard sometimes because you can feel very much in the dark about what is going on , wondering if you 'll ever get answers , " he told CNN . "  We 've started a foundation in Nicole 's name to continue her dream of providing free counseling and therapy to those who ca n't afford it . She was studying to be a counselor , " he added . Nicole Ganguzza was killed five days before toddler Caylee Anthony was reported missing . That case grabbed the headlines in Orlando -- and beyond . Investigators wove a web of circumstantial evidence and charged the child 's mother , Casey Anthony , the notorious "  tot mom " whose wild party pictures became a cable news show staple . Writing recently about the charitable foundation established in Nicole Ganguzza 's name , an Orlando Sentinel columnist described her as "  the anti-Casey . " Police say her killer deliberately hid her body in the brush along the trail . Investigators believe the killer either is from the area or is very familiar with the park and nearby campus . The Orange County Medical Examiner characterized Ganguzza 's death as a homicide by strangulation without elaborating . It is not publicly known whether she had been sexually assaulted . "  We are keeping very quiet about this because this is information that only the killer would know , " said Orange County sheriff 's spokesman Carlos Padilla . Last week , Ganguzza 's family and friends asked anyone with information to come forward and help solve this cold case . They expressed relief that the police may have a break in the case and that an arrest could come soon . "  I just hope they make an arrest soon in my wife 's case , so they can get this dangerous guy off the streets , " Brendan Ganguzza said . Police executed a search warrant two weeks ago on the mobile home of a man who is considered a person of interest in the case . His home lies along the Econlockhatchee Trail . He is a former student and employee of the University of Central Florida . Police say that after reviewing tips and leads , they believe they have probable cause to investigate this individual further . "  The search warrant is sealed , and I ca n't say at this time what evidence was collected or what led us to this individual , " said Cpl. Susan Soto , a spokeswoman for the Orange County sheriff . Police are being tight-lipped about whether Ganguzza 's attacker left behind any DNA or other forensic evidence . Police are still asking for the public 's help in solving this case . If anyone has any information please call Crime Line at 1-800-423-TIPS . A reward of up to $ 5,000 is being offered for information on the Nicole Ganguzza homicide case .	Police may be close to naming a suspect in slaying of Nicole Ganguzza Ganguzza was 26 and had been married about a year She was attacked while jogging in an Orlando , Florida , park on June 10 Have information ? Please call Crime Line at 1-800-423-TIPS
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- A U.N. maritime task force was scouring the stormy waters off the coast of northern Lebanon Friday , searching for survivors from a livestock carrier that sank the night before . "  The operation that commenced last evening continued through the night in difficult weather conditions , " said a statement from the U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon  UNIFIL  . As of 3:15 p.m. local time Friday , rescuers had found 42 survivors and four bodies , according to a release from UNIFIL . Four of the survivors were sailors who were picked up by other ships . The Lebanese navy said there were 83 people aboard the cargo ship that was packed with sheep and other livestock . The Panamanian-flagged carrier , the "  Danny F II , " sank about 12 miles off the coast of Tripoli . The Lebanese navy sent a distress signal to UNIFIL indicating the ship had capsized Thursday night , the U.N. task force said . "  UNIFIL Maritime Task Force immediately responded to the location with three ships , the frigate ` Zeffiro '  Italy  , mine hunter ` Laboe '  Germany  and supply ship ` Mosel '  Germany  , that have since been engaged in the search and rescue operations in collaboration with the Lebanese Navy , " Friday 's statement said . Searchers said the survivors , who are of different nationalities , received medical treatment on board UNIFIL ships before being taken ashore . CNN 's Nada Husseini contributed to this report	Panamanian-flagged ship sinks about 12 miles off the coast of Tripoli Lebanese navy says it found 42 survivors and four bodies The navy says there were 83 people aboard the ship Authorities say people on board were wearing life jackets
CNN  -- As darkness falls on Copacabana , the floodlights flick on and locals gather for a game of kick-about late into the night . The bars , restaurants , sidewalks and beaches of Rio de Janeiro all seem to pulse to the beat of football . It 's a Brazilian love affair that dates back to 1894 when Charles William Miller -- a Brazilian of English-Scottish decent -- returned from studying in England to help establish the Sao Paulo Football Club , bringing with him some equipment , a rule-book and two balls . One was round and one was oval shaped . Football was quickly adopted and thrived , but rugby remained in the shadows of its closest competitor , a sport largely played by expatriates from rugby-playing nations . But times are changin ' in Brazil . New opportunities are bringing new life to an old game and over the past five years 10,000 Brazilian players have taken up the sport . Rugby sevens ' inclusion in the 2016 Rio Olympic Games , with a guarantee of automatic qualification for the home nation , has encouraged new clubs to spring up in diverse and remote regions across the country with players seeking to represent their country . Part of this rugby revolution are four Rio brothers -- Max , Marcos , Maicon and Maxwilliam Paixao -- who live in the Cantagalo favela , one of the city 's largest slums , perched on the hillside above Ipanema Beach . All four siblings play to a high standard , but Marcos has already represented Brazil Internationally and shows huge promise . They reside in a toppling multistory space which is held together with brick , plastic and corrugated iron in the heart of Cantagalo . "  Because the family kept on growing we converted it , " Marcos told CNN . "  On the ground floor is my mother , my dad . The second my sister and her children ... above that my sister with her daughter . Above is me , my brother , cousin and his baby . He 's on one side , I 'm on the other with that little window . " On the top floor , stuck to the left panel of the little window is a sticker saying "  I LOVE RUGBY " -- the only visible evidence that one of Brazil 's brightest rugby talents lives here . Like many sports that make inroads in Brazil , the brothers ' first encounter with rugby came on the beach . "  A friend of mine used play on the beach , " explains Marcos . "  Out of curiosity I asked him what rugby was and he said , ` C'mon I 'll show you . ' "  At first I did n't want to because it seemed like a violent sport . The following week I went to watch and they asked me to join them , so I did . I 've stayed ever since . " The brothers are being helped to achieve their potential by Rio Rugby , one of several initiatives designed to grow the game in Brazil . "  Rugby welcomed us like a family and we accepted it like a family . It showed us things , like how to respect others , " adds Marcos . Just as importantly , rugby has helped provide a respite from the toughness of favela life . "  A lot of people who grow up here in this community do n't have the mentality to do anything , " says Marcos . "  They think they 're ` made-men , ' but no ... The education that my parents gave me -- to follow what is right and leave what is wrong behind -- is just like rugby . "  They 've helped us to not only stay in the favelas but take us out of the community and travel . " Efforts by the Rio authorities to squeeze out criminal gangs and drug lords in order to make the area safer for its residents have led to an escalation of tension with the police , who have been criticized for their heavy handed and some times violent approach . Against that backdrop the boys continue their training , using a small clearing outside their home when space on the beaches and practice areas is in short supply . "  This was something crazy that I came up with , " says Marcos , pointing to a set of handmade weights -- four metal bars and plastic tubs filled with cement . "  I 've been playing rugby for some time now , and I made this out of concrete because I wanted to grow stronger . It struck me as something that I needed to do . " Down on the vast expanse of Ipanema beach , laughing and joking the brothers deftly toss the rugby ball to and fro . When their feet touch the sand they launch into action , leaping , spin-passing and sprinting , demonstrating well-rehearsed drills . Paixao means "  passion " in Portuguese , and these brothers are full of it . Beside them a group of locals are playing football , but the boys do n't give them a second glance . Even in World Cup year , Brazil does n't begin and end with football , and rugby is beginning to march to the beat of its own drum .	Rugby arrived in Brazil at the same time as football While football thrived immediately , rugby has taken longer But inclusion of rugby sevens in 2016 Olympics has encouraged its growth
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- The head of a leading Russian human rights group accused the presidents of Russia and Chechnya of complicity in murdering their top activist in Chechnya . Natalya Estemirova , pictured in 2007 , had been openly critical of Chechnya 's president , Ramzan Kadyrov . "  I am confident about who killed Natalya Estemirova . We all know this person . His name is Ramzan Kadyrov , President of the Chechen republic , " Oleg Orlov , the chairman of the Russian human rights group Memorial said on the group 's Web site Thursday . "  Ramzan was intimidating and insulting Natalya , and considered her his personal enemy . We do n't know whether it was him personally who ordered her -LSB- murder -RSB- or it were his aides who wanted to please their boss . As far as -LSB- Russian -RSB- President -LSB- Dmitry -RSB- Medvedev is concerned , it seems that he does n't mind having a murderer as head of one of the Russian regions . " Estemirova , 50 , was kidnapped outside her home in Chechnya Wednesday , Orlov said , citing eyewitnesses , and found dead in the neighboring Russian republic of Ingushetia later the same day . Her body was riddled with bullets , Russian prosecutors said -- several shots to the abdomen , and one to the head . The winner of three international human rights awards , she was a leading activist in the North Caucasus area who had been openly critical of Kadyrov and his methods . Kadyrov vowed Thursday that he would personally oversee the investigation and assure her killers were punished . "  She could n't have had enemies among reasonable people , " he said in a statement on the Chechen government Web site . "  Those who took away her life have no right to be called humans , they do n't deserve any mercy , and should be punished as the most cruel criminals . "  I have no doubts whatsoever that those who ordered and conducted this crime will face trial , " he said . "  That is the very least that the government and society must do in commemoration of Estemirova . " Medvedev said Thursday the murder was "  a very sad event , " adding it was "  absolutely clear ... her murder is linked to her professional activities . "  Her type of professional activity is needed by any normal state . She did very useful things . She spoke the truth . She openly , sometimes harshly assessed some types of processes that occurred in our country , and this is the value of human rights workers , even if they are not comfortable , " Medvedev said Thursday on a visit to Germany . His host , German Chancellor Angela Merkel , warned the killing could affect Russian-German relations . "  This is an unacceptable event , and especially if we want to intensify the relations between our two countries , it can not remain unsolved , " she said in a joint appearance with Medvedev . Medvedev had earlier condemned the murder and said her killers should punished to the full extent of the law , his office said . Estemirova shouted that she was being kidnapped , as she was forced into a white Lada automobile that had stopped on the road in front of her house on Wednesday morning , Orlov said . An unidentified man grabbed her and shoved her into the car , Orlov told CNN . Estemirova had spent years investigating human rights abuses in Chechnya , the restive Russian republic where Russian forces have fought two conflicts against separatists since 1991 . Russia officially ended its military mission in Chechnya in April of this year . The activist told CNN in 2007 she was investigating dozens of abductions and murders that had become the norm in Chechnya , where security forces were fighting a dirty war against separatist rebels . She joins a growing list of journalists and activists killed after criticizing the Russian authorities , many of whose murders remain officially unsolved . Top United States and European officials condemned the murder of Estemirova and demanded that the killers be brought to justice . "  Such a heinous crime sends a chilling signal to Russian civil society and the international community and illustrates the tragic deterioration of security and the rule of law in the North Caucasus over the last several months , " U.S. National Security Council spokesman Mike Hammer said in a statement . "  How many more Natalya Estemirovas and Anna Politkovskayas must be killed before the Russian authorities protect people who stand up for the human rights of Russian citizens ? " Council of Europe Secretary General Terry Davis demanded , referring to the Russian investigative journalist who was killed in 2006 . The Committee to Protect Journalists said in a written statement that Estemirova had "  uncovered massive , ongoing human rights violations in Chechnya by the federal and regional authorities . " "  The killers of this courageous reporter , one of the few left in Chechnya , must not be allowed to walk free like so many before them , " CPJ Deputy Director Robert Mahoney said . She won three international awards for human rights activities -- including the inaugural Anna Politkovskaya Award , named for the murdered journalist with whom she often worked . Estemirova was Politkovskaya 's "  most frequent companion during travel and investigations in Chechnya , " the organization Reach All Women in War said in announcing the prize for Estemirova . "  They investigated a number of cases together -- about which Anna wrote for  the newspaper  Novaya Gazeta and Natalya wrote for Memorial 's Web site and for local newspapers . " Estemirova studied history at Grozny University , then taught history before turning to journalism and human rights in 1998 , Memorial said . She joined the organization in March 2000 . CNN 's Senior International Correspondent Matthew Chance , Maxim Tkachenko and Mike Sefanov in Moscow , Russia , contributed to this report .	Estemirova was abducted outside her home in Grozny , Chechnya Rights group Memorial says Chechen president involved in murder Leaders of Russia and Chechnya condemn the murder
CNN  -- Residents of coastal areas in Bangladesh and Myanmar are preparing for the arrival of a large storm that is rumbling toward them across the Bay of Bengal , with a U.N. agency warning that more than 8 million people could be in danger . The storm , Tropical Cyclone Mahasen , is forecast to make landfall late Thursday or early Friday in southeastern Bangladesh , near the city of Chittagong . It is likely to bring strong wind and heavy rain to the surrounding region . On Myanmar 's western coast , there are concerns about the safety of tens of thousands of Muslims who are living in makeshift camps in low-lying areas after their homes were destroyed in sectarian violence last year . "  Mahasen could be life threatening for millions of people in Bangladesh , Myanmar and India , " Valerie Amos , the U.N. 's top official for humanitarian affairs , said in a statement Tuesday . The number of people the storm will affect depends on the exact path it plows across the region and its strength when it reaches land . Aid agencies and local authorities are scrambling to make sure residents are as prepared as possible , taking measures that include moving people at risk to higher ground and putting emergency supplies in position . "  There is a flurry of activity going on both in Bangladesh and in Myanmar ahead of the storm , " Andreas Von Weissenberg of the International Federation of the Red Cross and Red Crescent said Wednesday . "  It 's really a race against time in many ways . " The latest prediction suggests Mahasen will bring wind gusts of 85 to 90 kilometers per hour  53 to 56 mph  to the Bangladeshi coast , CNN International meteorologist Ivan Cabrera said . That puts it at the level of a tropical storm , he said , weaker than the 120-kilometer-per-hour gusts of a hurricane . "  This will be a rain event for most in the area , " Cabrera said . "  If you are in a concrete building , you will be fine outside of localized very heavy flooding . " The floods could cause problems in low-lying areas , particularly the flimsy camps in Myanmar 's Rakhine state . As the storm approaches , Myanmar authorities and relief agencies have begun working to relocate tens of thousands of the camps ' inhabitants . Most of them are Rohingya , a stateless Muslim minority who suffered during decades of military rule in Myanmar . Sectarian violence erupted in Rakhine last year between Buddhists and Muslims , resulting in the deaths of scores of people , the majority of them Rohingya . Since then , more than 100,000 Muslims have been forced to live in camps . In a report last month , the advocacy group Human Rights Watch accused Myanmar authorities of involvement in a Buddhist campaign of "  ethnic cleansing " against the Rohingya in Rakhine . The Myanmar government dismissed the report as "  one-sided . " The efforts to relocate some of the displaced Rohingya living in the camps appear to have been hindered by distrust of the security forces involved . Some of those in the camps "  are reluctant to relocate , and some communities have refused to use military vehicles or to shelter in military barracks , " the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs  OCHA  said in an update on the situation Tuesday . Alternative relocation sites are being sought , it said . On Monday night , a boat ferrying people from one camp in Rakhine to safer areas hit rocks and capsized , the OCHA said , citing the government . Fifty-eight people are believed to still be missing from the accident . Some survived , and an unspecified number died , the agency said . Bangladesh authorities appear to be well organized for the storm 's possible threat to the low-lying and densely populated nation . As many as 50,000 volunteers are giving out early warnings , providing advice , helping people relocate and preparing to give first aid and distribute relief items , Von Weissenberg said . Bangladesh has learned to take a cautious approach to storms after the catastrophic impact of Cyclone Bhola in 1970 that is estimated to have killed 400,000 people , according to the OCHA . CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report from Hong Kong and Saeed Ahmed from Dhaka , Bangladesh .	Tropical Cyclone Mahasen is moving toward the Bangladesh coast A U.N. agency warns that millions of people could be in danger The storm is expected to be weaker than hurricane strength when it reaches land There are concerns about the safety of Muslims living in low-lying camps in Myanmar
CNN  -- Two late bogeys left Rory McIlroy a frustrated figure in Colorado but the four-time major winner was hoping a spot of gridiron would help lift his spirits . The Northern Irishman is still tied for the BMW Championship lead on three-under despite that slump , but his thoughts immediately turned to the Seahawks ' NFL clash with the Packers . McIlroy , who described himself as a "  big time " football fan , said : "  Even though you guys play with pads on , which ... I do n't understand . " The 25-year-old met Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning at Cherry Hills Country Club on Tuesday , who handed over tickets for its opener against the Colts on Sunday . And McIlroy is well placed to head to Mile High Stadium as the leader of the FedEx playoffs after he joined Americans Gary Woodland and Jordan Spieth at the top of the leaderboard . The 2014 British Open and U.S. PGA champion had been out in front on five-under but dropped two shots in his final three holes to sink back into the pack . "  I 'm a little frustrated coming off the course , because I feel like it should have been better than what I finished , " McIlroy told Sky Sports . "  But you can see by the scores , it 's pretty tricky out there ... so a 67 is a really good start , even though it could have been a bit better . "  The fairways are firm so even when you 're hitting irons and fairway woods off the tees they 're running out and through fairways and into the rough and the rough is thick . "  Then the greens are so firm , the greens have got so much firmer over the past 24 hours and it 's really made a huge difference . " The course 's elevation has suited big hitters like McIlroy , who was launching drives nearly 400 yards in his practice rounds prior to the tournament . But the different air conditions make it more tricky to judge distance and ball flight , with several players overshooting greens on the opening day .	Rory McIlroy shares the lead at the BMW Championship in Colorado Northern Irishman tied with Jordan Spieth and Gary Woodland at -3 McIlroy was out in front on -5 until two late bogeys tarnished his round U.S. Open champion Martin Kaymer among group of nine players at -2
CNN  -- Eight and a half years after his third wife was found dead in a bathtub , the murder trial of former Chicago-area police officer Drew Peterson is set to begin in earnest with opening statements Tuesday . The 58-year-old Peterson is accused in the 2004 death of his third wife , Kathleen Savio , in a trial that has been postponed for two years . He also remains under investigation in the October 2007 disappearance of his fourth wife , Stacy Peterson . A jury of seven men and five women , chosen over two days last week , will weigh Drew Peterson 's fate during a trial in Joliet , Illinois , that is expected to last about a month , according to his lawyer Joel Brodsky . After the jury selection was finished Tuesday , Will County , Illinois , State 's Attorney James Glasgow told reporters , "  We 're ready to go ... We 're anxious to get to trial , put the evidence before the jury and arrive at a verdict . " Brodsky , meanwhile , said he planned to use his opening statement to "  tell the story of Drew Peterson from beginning to end ... and show the state 's theory is implausible at best . " Inside Drew Peterson 's tangled love life Peterson was married to Savio in 2001 when he met then 17-year-old Stacy Kales  who later became Stacy Peterson  , and those two began having an affair . Savio and Peterson filed for divorce from each other that October , and their relationship remained contentious for the next several years . Boilingbrook , Illinois , police records indicate officers were called to Savio 's home 18 times to intervene in domestic fights from 2002 to 2004 . Drew Peterson had Savio arrested twice for domestic violence , though she was found not guilty in both cases . A judge in March 2002 granted Savio a protection order from her ex-husband , prohibiting him from being near her , entering her home and taking out their children except for two brief weekly visits .  Their two sons later spent every other weekend with their father , per the divorce settlement .  Savio had claimed that , months later , Peterson held a knife to her throat and threatened to kill her inside her home . In October 2003 , three months after giving birth to what was Peterson 's fifth child , the then-19-year-old Stacy Kales and 49-year-old Drew Peterson married . The Will County prosecutor alleged that , later that year , Peterson tried to pay someone $ 25,000 to kill Savio . And her sister Sue Doman told ABC News years later that Savio had called her saying she feared "  he was going to kill her , and it was going to look like an accident . " In Session blog : Catch up on the Peterson case in 3 minutes Drew Peterson picked up his two sons from Savio 's home on February 27 , 2004 , spending the next two days with them . Prosecutors believe that he entered her home again early on February 29 and killed her ; she was found naked and dead in her dry tub the next day . At the time of her death , a court was mulling how their marital assets would be divided and Savio was set to receive part of Peterson 's pension and other support . Police initially treated the scene as an accident , although the Illinois State Police was later brought in to investigate . On March 20 , Dr. Bryan Mitchell from the Will County coroner 's office said in an autopsy report that the cause of Savio 's death was drowning , her hair was soaked in blood from a cut on her scalp , and she had small bruises on her body . A six-person coroner 's jury ruled her death an accident in May 2004 , after an Illinois State Police officer told them investigators had no reason to suspect homicide and that the cut on her head was caused by a fall . This trooper had n't gone to the death scene or to the autopsy , nor had he interviewed Peterson . Savio 's family also testified in that coroner 's jury hearing that Savio feared her ex-husband , who stood to benefit financially from her death . In October 2007 Stacy Peterson contacted a local attorney and told him she wanted to discuss filing for divorce . Later that month , after divulging her intentions to her husband , she disappeared . Drew Peterson said she abandoned her two children , ages 4 and 2 , and ran off with another man . The next month , state police labeled Drew Peterson a suspect in his fourth wife 's disappearance , though neither he nor anyone else has been charged in that case . Stacy Peterson has never been found . 2009 : Peterson calls a radio talk show The investigation into Stacy Peterson 's disappearance brought renewed interest in Savio 's death . Authorities exhumed Savio 's body , further tests were conducted , and her death was later ruled a "  homicide staged to look like an accident . " In May 2009 , months after a judge admitted authorities had an "  extensive " collection of secretly recorded conversations with Peterson , Drew Peterson was indicted and arrested on murder charges in connection with Savio 's death . He was ordered held on $ 20 million bond . Brodsky , his lawyer , said then in a written statement that prosecutors would not be able to prove their case because "  he did n't do it . " "  There is no evidence that links Drew Peterson to the death of Kathleen Savio or anyone else for that matter , " Brodsky said . "  Drew did not harm Kathleen ; he has said so from Day 1 . We 're obviously disappointed a grand jury indicted him . But an indictment does not mean guilt . " Brodsky told CNN he believes the case has always been about circumstantial evidence and that he will bring a pathologist to trial who will say Savio died from an accidental drowning . "  I think the jury 's going to see that , in fact , this always has been an accidental death and still is an accidental death , " Brodsky Martin Glink , an attorney for the Savio family , said relatives were glad the grand jury felt there was enough evidence to charge Peterson . "  We 're very happy that the wheels of justice have continued to move , and they are pointing in his direction , " Glink told CNN affiliate WLS . 2010 : Read Peterson 's letter to the media Peterson 's trial had been set to start in July 2010 , but was delayed . This past April , an Illinois appellate court ruled that prosecutors may use potentially incriminating statements made by Savio and Drew Peterson 's still-missing-wife Stacy against him , a key development in the case . The ruling overturned an earlier judge 's decision that forbid prosecutors from using eight statements made by Savio before her death and by Stacy Peterson before her disappearance . The defense had argued that using the statements would violate Drew Peterson 's right to confront the witnesses against him . Read more about this story from CNN affiliate WLS .	Kathleen Savio was found dead in her bathtub in 2004 First called an accident , her death was later ruled "  homicide staged to look like an accident " Her ex-husband , Drew Peterson , was charged in 2009 and held on $ 20 million bond He is also the prime suspect in the 2007 disappearance of his fourth wife , Stacy Peterson
Mashable  -- Ford is installing a feature in its new vehicles -- and many of its older ones -- that can read text messages out loud . The feature , which is intended to reduce texting while driving , is part of Ford 's voice-activated technology , Sync , and is already installed on all model 2012 Ford vehicles with the exception of the Ranger . Using a Bluetooth connection , it syncs with phones and alerts users when they receive text messages , reads them out loud and allows users to respond with a selection of standard pre-written messages without taking their hands off the wheel . On Tuesday , it will be made available as an upgrade to Sync vehicles that are model 2010 or later . In order to install the capability , owners can download the upgrade from the Ford Sync site onto a USB drive along with print-out instructions . Older Ford vehicles that have Sync will soon be able to make the update as well , says supervisor of Sync product development Mark Porter . We should n't need data to convince us that texting and driving at the same time is a bad idea . But we have tons of it . A 2009 study from the Virginia Tech Transportation Institute found that texting while driving increased the risk of a truck getting into an accident by more than 23 times . A 2007 Clemson University study found that text messaging and iPods caused drivers to leave their lane 10 % more often during driving simulations . And if you have doubts that texting is detrimental to driving performance , you can prove it to yourself with an interactive game that The New York Times has created to make the point . So in an age when most car companies have a Bluetooth integration features , why is n't text-to-voice already a standard option ? Several apps such as DriveSafe.ly and SMS Replier have created popular solutions , but only a few vehicle manufacturers such as Ford and BMW have integrated the feature into vehicles themselves . One factor in the slow adoption is that not many phones integrate with text-to-speech features like Ford 's . So far BlackBerry phones are the most notable devices compatible with the technology required . Some Android phones also support the technology . iPhones do not . Porter says that he thinks more phone and vehicle manufacturers will soon start to add it . "  It 's very similar to a couple of years ago when Bluetooth devices were just coming out and had a hands-free profile -LSB- for integrating with vehicles -RSB- and few phones supported it , " he says . "  Now it 's almost standard . " See the original article on Mashable.com © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Feature is part of voice-activated technology , Sync , installed on 2012 models Sync allows users to respond to texts with pre-written messages There is tons of data showing that texting and driving at the same time is bad idea
Lille , France  CNN  Former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn conceded Wednesday that his approach to sex is rougher than that of most men , as he took the stand for a second day in his trial in France on aggravated pimping charges . His words followed testimony from two sex workers about his behavior at sex parties he 's accused of organizing or encouraging in Europe and the United States . He denies knowing that the women involved in the parties were prostitutes . One , named only as Mounia R. , told the court in the northern French city of Lille that Strauss-Kahn had "  brutal " sexual relations with her and must have known she was being paid . A second , named as Jade , told the court that she had been subjected to an "  unsolicited " sexual act by Strauss-Kahn -- who 's commonly known by his initials , DSK -- after going to a party at the Tantra sex club in Belgium . "  Through this trial , I am discovering that my sexuality is perhaps rougher than most men 's sexuality . If some women do n't like it , it 's their right . But my behavior is the same with all women , " Strauss-Kahn said . Strauss-Kahn , who was married to French TV journalist Anne Sinclair until their divorce in 2013 , has never denied that he took part in the parties . But the crux of his defense is that he did not know prostitutes were involved . Both Mounia R. and Jade are plaintiffs in the case . Jade told the court she had refused to have sex with Strauss-Kahn at the Tantra club , "  because it was a butchery . " He was allegedly on a mattress with 40 people . She later accompanied Strauss-Kahn to his hotel at the request of fellow defendant Fabrice Paszkowski , a businessman friend of the former IMF director , she said . It was there that she was subjected to the unwanted sexual act , she told the court through tears . Asked by the judge if she had voiced her refusal , Jade responded that she did n't have time to say anything . Strauss-Kahn did n't ask and she would have said no had he done so , she said . "  Had I been a libertine , he would have asked , this seems obvious , " she said , using a term that describes someone who is sexually or morally unrestrained . Strauss-Kahn on Tuesday denied knowing any of the women at the sex parties were prostitutes , saying he was told by Paszkowski that they were "  libertines " who liked sex . She had previously met Strauss-Kahn at a hotel in Paris , Jade said , when he was the only man surrounded by other women in a bed . He did not speak to her but treated her "  like an object , not as a human being . " Asked about Jade 's testimony , Strauss-Kahn maintained that he did n't know she was a prostitute , although she mentioned to him that she was performing dances in a swinger club for money . The dances were sometimes followed by sexual acts on stage . Jade later went on a trip to Washington , D.C. as part of a group accompanying Strauss-Kahn , the court heard . She told the judge that she had agreed to go despite his behavior in Belgium because she needed the money -- she was paid 2,000 euros  $ 2,260  -- and wanted to see the American capital . "  I was there for him , for DSK . I was told so , otherwise why would I go to DC ? No one else was in DC , except him ! " she said of the trip . She did not sleep with Strauss-Kahn on that trip , she said . He approached another woman in the group for sex but was turned down . The court also heard excerpts of testimony given previously by two other sex workers , named as Estelle and Marion , who joined a second trip to Washington with Strauss-Kahn . Estelle alleged that Strauss-Kahn had asked to see her without Paszkowski 's group and had inquired about her fees . Marion 's testimony said that Estelle had told her that . Questioned about this , Strauss-Kahn conceded that he had asked to see Estelle alone but denied speaking of any remuneration . He said that if money was mentioned , it was just to cover her travel expenses . The two women had been introduced to Strauss-Kahn as secretaries working for a construction company at which another defendant in the case , businessman David Roquet , was employed . According to excerpts read out by a magistrate , a witness who was part of that second trip to Washington said he had doubts about the professions of Estelle and Marion after spending time with them . The next day he allegedly told Paszkowski : "  You are not going to make me believe they were secretaries . Never do this again to me ! " Strauss-Kahn : I did n't know there were prostitutes at sex parties Two women who accompanied Strauss-Kahn on a third trip to Washington said they considered themselves libertines , not prostitutes , but would not turn down a "  present . " The women , named Florence and Hélène , said they worked as an assistant film director and a financial counselor and received payment for the trip . They were not in court Wednesday , but parts of their statements were read aloud by magistrates . Unlike other women in this case , Helene and Florence said they did n't perceive any brutality or deviance at the parties . When asked whether the men of the group knew of their being paid , Helene said , "  Even if things were n't told , and considering their status and intelligence , it would have been too good to be true . " Late Wednesday , a woman named Ines recalled hearing Strauss-Kahn say he "  loathed whores . " That comment came after she wondered aloud about the profession of women at a sex party they 'd both attended , Ines said in a statement read in court . Ines , who said she slept with Strauss-Kahn in hopes he 'd help her find work in communications , did not attend the hearing . Prosecutors say the operations of the prostitution ring , organized from the Hotel Carlton in Lille , stretched all the way to New York and Washington . Sex workers involved in the parties said they were like orgies . In France , prostitution is legal , but pimping is not . In questioning Tuesday , Strauss-Kahn acknowledged that the sexual encounters were organized in such a way that they could fit his agenda . "  But I do n't consider myself as the organizer of any party whatsoever , " he said , adding that he had never asked anyone to organize parties for him . He also spoke of his dislike for prostitution and the risks that he considered using prostitutes would pose in terms of his political ambitions . Prosecutors say Paszkowski and Roquet picked up the bills for the sex parties for their influential friend . The prosecutor 's office in late 2013 asked for Strauss-Kahn 's case to be dismissed , citing lack of evidence . However , the investigating magistrates did not follow their recommendations . The trial of Strauss-Kahn , who saw his stellar career plummet to earth after a separate sex scandal that resulted in his arrest in New York in 2011 , opened in Lille just over a week ago . He was later cleared of the New York allegations . Before that scandal erupted , he had been on track to run for the French presidency -- an election his Socialist Party later won with Francois Hollande as its candidate . CNN 's Sandrine Amiel reported from Lille and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London .	Strauss-Kahn : "  I am discovering that my sexuality is perhaps rougher than most men 's " A sex worker tells the court that Strauss-Kahn subjected her to an unsolicited sex act
CNN  -- Togo 's Football Association elected Gabriel Ameyi as its new president during a congress held in Lome on Friday . Ameyi , the founder and owner of the Maranatha first division club , won 33 votes ahead of Boukpessi Essoyaba  19  and Têtê Amouzou  0  . "  I am very happy . My victory is like delivering sport in my country because we suffered too much . My happiness is also the happiness of Togo football fans as a whole , " Ameye told CNN in an exclusive interview . Ameyi said he won the election because of his "  passion " and "  commitment " for football . "  We needed a committed person at the head of our football and we have got it , " said Togo football fans ' president , a woman popularly known as "  Maman Togo . " The president-elect said his priority will be to put the country 's football back on track , as stadiums throughout the country have been closed down for over a year . He also said that he would do all he can to qualify Togo for the next African Cup of Nations that will be jointly held in Gabon and Equatorial Guinea in 2012 . Togo 's sports world has been hit hard by tragedy and misfortune . Twenty sports officials , including Sports Minister Richard Attipoe , died in 2008 when their helicopter exploded in Lungi , Sierra Leone . In January , gunmen attacked the Togo team bus on its way to the 2010 Africa Cup tournament , killing three and wounding many more . The team withdrew from the tournament and was promptly banned from the next two Africa Cup tournaments by the Confederation of African Football and fined $ 50,000 . And in September , the Togo Football Association declared that a match the team allegedly played earlier in the month against Bahrain was actually played by a fake team put together by a former team manager .	Fan president , Maman Togo , is pleased with Gabriel Ameyi 's election Ameyi is the founder and owner of the Maranatha club Togo football has been wracked by tragedy and misfortune
CNN  -- He 's the man who helped make "  Slumdog Millionaire " an international hit , scoring the soundtrack of the Oscar winning film . Despite his performance at the Oscars ceremony and being caught up in all the glitz and adulation , Rahman is a reluctant star . Feeling like a millionaire : AR Rahman picked up two Oscar 's for best original song and best score . He 's worked on films since he was a teenager , taking over the role of family breadwinner after his father died and followed in his footsteps as a composer . While he had stints writing advertising jingles in India , composing for films has been his life 's work so far , yet from his studio in Chennai he admitted to CNN he did n't want to score films . "  I kept saying next year I 'll quit , next year I 'll quit . And finally because I was sucked into it more and more , now I have the Oscars " he said . His Oscar performance and acceptance speech was one of the most memorable at this year 's awards . "  I thought if I get it I 'll be quiet , if I do n't get it I 'll be quiet , so I was training my mind not to get over-emotional . So when I first got it I did n't feel it at all , it was like a rehearsal for me . When I finished my performance then I felt at ease and then I became very philosophical as you know , and I chose love over hate and all this stuff , " he told CNN . Feted by many in media , his hit "  Jai ho " was covered by the Pussy Cat Dolls , but the softly spoken Rahman does n't find it hard to remain grounded . Rahman runs a music school in Chennai , the KM Music Conservatory that keeps him motivated and reminds him that music has a potency that can transform lives . "  Music can do so many things . I have my foundation , I have my music school . I have people teaching , kids are learning , so I take this as an advantage , the popularity and taking that and putting it into good things , which motivated me to work harder , " he said . As well as working on more Hindi films , Hollywood beckons , if only for a new experience . There have also been rumors he may score the next James Bond film . "  I have a couple of offers from Hollywood . Pure American movies which I thought for the heck of it let 's do it and a couple of other surprises that you 'll know very soon if it works out . Big surprises I think , " he said .	Oscar-winning composer scored the soundtrack for ` Slumdog Millionaire ' Began work as a 13-year-old to support family after his father died Will continue to score films in India and Hollywood ; runs music school in Chennai
CNN  -- Here 's what I want for Father 's Day : I want my children to develop a passion for science . I 've decided to grease the wheels . I 've called the best for advice . His name is Brian Greene , professor of physics and mathematics at Columbia University . He 's getting kids engaged at his World Science Festival . He has even written a children 's book based on relativity , "  Icarus at the Edge of Time . " Icarus was the boy in the ancient Greek myth whose father crafted him wings of wax . The father warned Icarus not to fly too close to the sun . Icarus ignored him . His wax wings melted , and he died . Greene 's reincarnation of Icarus was born on a space ship -- part of a community of explorers on a 25-trillion mile search for life on another planet . He is 14 , which gets my attention , because it 's about the same age as my oldest daughter . The length of the spaceship 's journey means Icarus must live his whole life within the confines of that ship . "  But , " writes Brian Greene , the boy "  had a palpable yearning for something beyond the life he 'd been handed . " One day the ship 's captain , Icarus ' father , announces : "  We are making an emergency course diversion to avoid an uncharted black hole . " Icarus has built his own small spacecraft . He has done the calculations . He ignores his father 's warning . He sets out to approach the black hole , to get within "  a hairsbreadth above the point of no return . " He miscalculates ever so slightly and is thrust 10,000 years into the future . He is found by a new generation and is briefed on the long history he just missed , including the fact that the universe was now , as a result of the mission his father commanded , in an era of interstellar cooperation and lasting peace . When Greene 's wife read the story to their young son , the boy cried at the thought of the permanent separation . My own son , after he heard the story , wanted Greene to write a sequel that could bring Icarus back in time to be reunited with his dad . I do not want my children to follow Icarus ' perilous and lonely path . Or do I ? The young explorer Greene says he wrote the book in part because he felt the Greek myth sent the wrong message : "  That if you 're a courageous young spirit , you pay for it with your life , " Greene tells me . "  My experience as a scientist is that , in order to push the boundaries of knowledge , you need to go where people tell you not to go . " It 's an approach to life that psychologist Carol Dweck has found to be critical in a child 's development . Dweck is a professor of psychology at Stanford University . And in some ways Icarus is her kind of kid . Not that Dweck would ever encourage a child to fly near a black hole . But she 's impressed that Greene 's Icarus took a calculated risk -- not a reckless one . And his goal was worthy . "  It sounds as though Icarus weighed the pros and cons and made an informed decision . He was in search of knowledge and satisfying a real intellectual curiosity . " Mindset In 40 years of studying children , Dweck has identified a key factor that makes some children more resilient than others -- a characteristic that enables them "  to be able to withstand turbulence , to bounce back when they 're knocked down . " Dweck calls it mindset -- the growth mindset . With a growth mindset , says Dweck , "  people believe their basic abilities can be enhanced , developed through hard work , appropriate risk taking , experimentation , good instruction . " With a fixed mindset , "  a child tends to view intelligence as a trait you either have or do n't . You are either smart or dumb . That 's it . " Kids who have this fixed mindset , says Dweck , see it as "  a huge risk to try something hard because then they may stumble and prove themselves not smart . " So they play it safe . Too safe . They do n't challenge themselves . When Dweck works with children , she teaches them "  how their brains grow new connections every time they move out of their comfort zones -- every time they try hard things . " So , Dweck asks , "  How do we create conditions for children to try hard things -- to be appropriately risk taking and resilient ? " Her answer : "  They are the same conditions that create a growth mindset . " The dinner table Dweck suggests we find ways to communicate to our children that "  we value doing hard things , persisting , focusing -- without preaching , of course . ... Even sitting around the dinner table and asking , ` Who had a great struggle today ? What are you going to struggle with tomorrow ? ' " The more you listen to Dweck 's insights about the growth mindset -- the more you realize how much it has in common with the spirit of science . It 's about taking the risk to explore . To discover . To fail . To get back up when you 're knocked down and explore some more . Icarus revisited "  Icarus at the Edge of Time " was performed last month by "  Star Trek " actor LeVar Burton and an 80-piece orchestra in a 3,000-seat theater in New York packed with teachers , parents and students . A girl in the audience , Sadie , later asked : "  Will Icarus be OK ? " That 's what we parents want to know . Will our children be OK when we 're not there to protect them ? Brian Greene 's Icarus took a risk . He miscalculated . He survived . And he has a growth mindset . He is curious and resilient . I have to imagine , Icarus will be OK . Do you think encouraging risk-taking in children is a good idea ? Share your opinion in the comments section below .	Michael Schulder asked some experts how he could interest his kids in science Physics professor Brian Greene wrote "  Icarus at the Edge of Time " to inspire kids to take risks Psychologist Carol Dweck says kids can have a "  growth mindset " or a "  fixed mindset " Those with a growth mindset learn to take on hard challenges , Dweck says
CNN  -- An outbreak of a virulent strain of E. coli has killed 19 people in Europe and infected more than 2,000 in at least 12 countries , the World Health Organization said on Saturday . All but one of the fatalities were reported in Germany , where officials say it 's still too early to determine whether the peak of the outbreak has passed . One person in Sweden also died . In Germany , there have been 573 cases of hemolytic uremic syndrome  HUS  -- a form of kidney failure -- in the current European outbreak , according to WHO . That 's more cases of HUS than in any other recorded outbreak , worldwide . Twelve patients in Germany have died of HUS , according to WHO , while six died of enterohemorrhagic E. coli , EHEC , a strain that causes hemorrhaging in the intestines and can result in abdominal cramps and bloody diarrhea . Reports indicate that an estimated 1,428 people have that E. coli strain so far but do not have HUS , according to the World Health Organization . Infections have also been identified in Austria , Czech Republic , Denmark , France , Netherlands , Norway , Poland , Spain , Switzerland and the United Kingdom , according to the organization . The European Food Safety Alert Network initially said enterohemorrhagic E. coli was found in organic cucumbers originating from Spain , packaged in Germany and distributed to various countries . But authorities have said that the source of the contamination has not been pinpointed . The Robert Koch Institute , Germany 's federal unit responsible for disease control and prevention , has advised German consumers not to eat raw tomatoes , cucumbers and lettuce . Cucumbers , tomatoes and lettuce imported from Germany and Spain will be tested and cleared before they are sold in the United States , according to David Elder of the Food and Drug Administration , and those test results will be shared with the European Union . Germany and Spain account for a small fraction of produce that is sold in the United States in a given year . Two women and a man who traveled last month to northern Germany remain hospitalized in the United States with HUS , Chris Braden of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Friday . A fourth person developed bloody diarrhea , but was not hospitalized , he added . Two U.S. service members in Germany also developed diarrhea , Braden said . "  We have no expectation that this will spread in our country , " he added .	At least 19 people have died in Europe after an outbreak of a virulent E. coli strain More than 2,000 people have been infected The source of the outbreak is still not clear Officials say it 's too early to determine whether the peak of the outbreak has passed
CNN  It seems almost silly to be writing about baseball in the context of recent events . Except it is n't . Last weekend , as Baltimore reacted to the death of Freddie Gray , the young man who died last week from a spinal cord injury he suffered while in police custody , Major League Baseball had a problem on its hands . Saturday 's game between the Orioles and Red Sox had gone into extra innings in Camden Yards , with plenty of fans for both teams glued to their seats . Boston fans feel at home in Oriole Park -- a so-called retro urban park built to embrace the luxuries of modern stadiums while maintaining that nostalgic feel -- because much of it was based on Boston 's Fenway Park . The Boston faithful are used to being in the heart of a city to watch sports . But when the Orioles finally pulled out a win in the 10th inning , 36,000 fans remained in their seats . They had been asked to do so by Baltimore officials due to "  ongoing public safety issues . " The riots of Baltimore , the peaceful marches of Baltimore , the fury and unrest of Baltimore did not seem to have had much to do with baseball . But as the always-wise Atlantic magazine writer  and Baltimore native  Ta-Nehisi Coates ' take on the situation quickly went viral , it became clear that the Oriole 's home stand presented a problem . Monday 's game against the Chicago White Sox : postponed less than an hour before the first pitch . Tuesday 's game against the White Sox : also postponed . Such action by MLB is not without precedent . In 1967 in Detroit , the 12th Street riots forced the Tigers to postpone one game and relocate others  to Baltimore , no less  . After the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. , MLB postponed opening day games out of fear of mob violence . In the wake of the 1992 verdict in the Rodney King beating , the Los Angeles Dodgers postponed several games . The entire league went on hiatus in the wake of the terrorism and violence of September 11 , 2001 . Politics threaten sports all the time . From the demonstrations against the Brazilian government before last summer 's World Cup to the massacre of protesting students days before the Opening Ceremony of the Mexico City Olympics in 1968 , sports knows well that it sits within the larger context of the world . Our deep investment in our teams -- beyond the tax dollars that construct the stadiums and the salaries players make  and the profits the owners and sponsors draw  -- is supposed to work to create community , to unify . Cheering for the home team is supposed to create a sense of belonging . "  It 's interesting that I have not yet heard anyone say that baseball or sport can heal this wound , " Daniel Nathan , professor of American Studies at Skidmore College and editor of "  Rooting for the Home Team : Sport , Community and Identity " told me . "  People did say that in the weeks after 9/11 . This is not 9/11 -- not even close . But it is a serious social and cultural rupture . Painful . " What happens next is striking . After two postponements , the Orioles will play Chicago on Wednesday , but no one else will be invited . In an unprecedented move by major league baseball , the public is not invited to the final game of the series , moved to the afternoon in accordance with the curfew imposed by Baltimore 's mayor . While there are a few examples of fan-less games being played in the United States , none have been for such reasons , while in Europe , there have been a handful of incidents in which soccer teams have been punished for fan behavior with fan-less games . Without fans , does baseball mean anything ? When the new Camden Yards made its debut in 1992 , people heralded the return of the old-time stadium smack in the middle of the city . But are the residents of that city ready to reminisce about the so-called good old days ? In a recent episode of "  Real Sports , " Chris Rock delivered a brilliant seven-minute diatribe on the fact that less than 10 % of baseball players or fans are black . "  Last year , the San Francisco Giants won it all without any black guys on the team , " he said . "  The team the Giants had to beat to get there , the St. Louis Cardinals , had no black people . None . How could you ever be in St. Louis and see no black people ? " Rock 's thesis ? That baseball 's sense of nostalgia encompassed by places like Camden Yards does not sit well with African Americans , whose memories of the old days are anything but good . To his credit , Orioles Executive Vice President John Angelos , son of majority owner Peter Angelos , took to Twitter to prioritize the issues at hand , focusing not on the lost games , but on the "  unfairly impoverished population living under an ever-declining standard of living and suffering at the butt end of an ever-more militarized and aggressive surveillance state . " Yet as much of America continues to grapple with the idea that black lives matter , it is clear that the country believes sports do matter , whether or not anyone is there to watch . And with MLB 's announcement that Baltimore 's weekend games will be moved to Tampa , it becomes clear that the only thing that the United States has figured out about race relations , poverty , the achievement gap , police brutality , and so on is how to keep its baseball players safe and make sure that the games go on .	Amy Bass : Baltimore rioting caused postponement of two Orioles-White Sox games . Now third game of series will be played to empty stadium She says baseball can bring cities together . But with so few black fans , players , it will be hard for Baltimore to gather around this sport to heal
New York  CNN  -- Brooke Astor 's son got one to three years in prison Monday for scheming to bilk millions of dollars from the late philanthropist 's estate . Anthony Marshall , 85 , had been found guilty of 14 of the 15 counts against him . Marshall was convicted in October of the most serious charges -- first-degree grand larceny and scheming to defraud . He faced a minimum of one to three years , or as much as eight to 25 years in state prison . Marshall 's wife , Charlene , sobbed after hearing the sentence as supporters hugged her . One of the most serious convictions involved Marshall giving himself a $ 1 million-a-year raise for handling his mother 's affairs , said Assistant District Attorney Joel Seidemann . Marshall 's former attorney , Francis Morrissey , was also convicted of five counts relating to the case , including forgery and scheming to defraud Astor . Seidemann on Monday recommended a sentence of 1.5 to 4.5 years in prison . He objected to bail pending appeal but told the judge he had no problem with Marshall staying out of prison until the first of the year . He asked for restitution of $ 12.3 million . Defense attorneys argued Monday for the lowest sentence of one to three years in state prison and asked that the judge not impose restitution . The defense team raised concerns about Marshall 's health and indicated that it will appeal the verdict . In a brief statement to the court before the sentence was announced , Marshall only said , "  I have nothing to add to what my attorneys have said . " The judge ruled that Marshall must surrender on January 19 . Assuming he goes to prison , Marshall can apply for parole after eight months . Or he may apply for immediate parole for medical reasons under a new provision called medical parole . The judge also gave Marshall 's co-defendant , attorney Francis Morrissey , the same sentence of one to three years in prison . Morrissey was convicted of four felonies and a misdemeanor , including forgery and scheming to defraud Astor . Like Marshall , Morrissey 's sentence will not begin until January 19 . Astor 's grandson , Philip Marshall , declined to comment after the sentencing . He was concerned about his grandmother 's care in her final years , which the younger Marshall 's attorney deemed "  elder abuse , " that eventually led to his father 's indictment . Marshall was convicted October 8 of 13 felonies and one misdemeanor . The felony of grand larceny in the first degree carried a sentence of one to three years . The other counts will run concurrently . During the trial , Marshall was portrayed as a cold , calculating man who spent the last years of his socialite and megaphilanthropist mother 's life stealing her fortune to line his pockets "  These defendants , two morally depraved individuals , preyed on a physically and mentally ill 101-year-old woman to steal millions of dollars -- dollars that she had intended to go to help the lives of ordinary New Yorkers , " Seidemann said , echoing his closing argument to the jury . The sentence came after a six-month trial that featured as witnesses a "  Who 's Who " of New York 's social elite , including Henry Kissinger , Graydon Carter , Barbara Walters , Vartan Gregorian and Annette de la Renta . The trial was a tabloid feeding frenzy , fostering headlines such as "  Bad heir day , " "  Mrs. Astor 's disaster " and "  DA 's kick in the Astor . " During trial testimony , Marshall 's attorneys called no character witnesses to come to his defense . But before sentencing for the crimes , friends and celebrities who knew Marshall well wrote letters to the court trying to show what they believe was his true character . Marshall was a loyal , churchgoing man , a Purple Heart recipient wounded in Iwo Jima during World War II and a son who tried mightily but could never live up to the high ideals of his socialite mother , according to letters friends submitted to the court . Whoopi Goldberg told a judge in her letter that she met Marshall and his wife 10 years ago when Goldberg moved into a building on the Upper East Side . Her interactions with Marshall , she wrote , gave her an insight into his relationship with his mother , and in turn taught her about how fame can affect family dynamics . "  I also understand what it must be like for my own daughter to be around my fame , " she wrote . "  I am not comparing myself to Mrs. Astor , but I 've seen how you can be dismissed as not being good enough , or hip enough , and seeing it happen to Tony made me make sure that it did n't happen to my own daughter . " NBC 's "  Today " show weatherman , Al Roker , also came to Marshall 's defense , having met him at his church 10 years ago . He argued Marshall had suffered enough , paying a price greater than any sentence a judge could hand down -- seeing his son turn on him during the trial and being portrayed in a negative light each day . "  Given his advanced age and deteriorating health , justice may be better served by turning a compassionate eye towards this good son , father and patriot and finding it in your heart not to add ` prisoner ' to Anthony Marshall 's otherwise unblemished resume , " Roker wrote in his letter to the court . Goldberg , too , wrote she believed "  breaking this man " by putting him in prison was not the right punishment . "  Please do n't put him in jail , " she wrote at the end of her letter . "  It would only amount to an unnecessary cruelty that would serve no real purpose . Has n't Tony been through enough ? " CNN 's Jessica Ravitz contributed to this report .	Anthony Marshall sentenced Monday to one to three years in prison Marshall was convicted of bilking mom Brooke Astor of money before her death He faced a minimum one to three years , or as much as eight to 25 years in state prison Whoopi Goldberg , Al Roker among those who asked for a compassionate sentence
CNN  -- Remember when Dorothy dozes off among scarlet poppies in The Wizard of Oz ? Well , those vivid flowers were n't just a figment of Hollywood magic . Similar poppies set California 's Antelope Valley ablaze in spring , luring road-trippers from L.A. and beyond . The arrival of spring inspires us to break out from winter 's hibernation and embrace the fresh outdoors . A road trip naturally satisfies that spontaneous travel urge , and we 've mapped America 's best spring drives -- routes that bring you up-close to nature 's finest floral displays , from a California poppy tour to Texas Hill Country 's bluebonnets . Of course , flowers in bloom are n't the only draw for these American road trips , many of which meander by woodlands , lakes , small quaint towns , even historic mansions and museums . No matter what route you travel and no matter how many detours you take , spring into action this season by road-tripping through America 's most awe-inspiring floral landscapes . See more of America 's best spring drives Texas Hill Country Bluebonnet Tour The route : 87 miles Lady Bird Johnson led a campaign to beautify American cities , and in her native Texas , vast gardens of bluebonnets were planted across Texas Hill Country . While there are countless nature trails , first-timers should start in Austin and take U.S. 290 west to Johnson City 's lovely Wildflower Loop . Then hightail it along U.S. 281 N to the town of Burnet , the official bluebonnet capital of Texas . Where to stop : Tour the colorful grounds at Austin 's Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center . A toll-free Texas wildflower hotline  800-452-9292  provides blooming reports , and tune in to KLBJ News Radio 590 , which airs the "  Wildflower Hour " featuring expert gardening tips from Mr. Smarty Plants at 8 a.m. on Saturdays . Travel + Leisure : America 's most iconic drives Acadia All American Road , Maine The route : 40 miles Pack your binoculars for this coastal drive that skirts the woodlands of Acadia National Park , a prime spot for spying bald eagles and nesting peregrine . The 27-mile Park Loop Road segment follows the high ridges of Bar Harbor down to Sand Beach and Otter Cliff and loops inland along Jordan Pond . It 's the centerpiece of the drive , which starts in Trenton , takes Route 3 south , turns on the Loop Road , then rejoins Route 3 . Where to stop : Local small towns begin buzzing in late spring . For homemade ice cream and popovers , pull over at the historic Jordan Pond House  open for the season as of May  . Then put that energy to work hiking Acadia 's Cadillac Mountain , whose 1,532-foot peak overlooks the Atlantic . Travel + Leisure : Great spring weekend getaways George Washington Memorial Parkway , Maryland and Virginia The route : 25 miles This green parkway reveals one floral show after another -- 591 wildflower species , from large-flowered valerians to Virginia bluebells -- as you drive from the Great Falls of the Potomac through D.C. and south to Mount Vernon . The most famous are the cherry trees that bloom around the Tidal Basin in D.C. Where to stop : Hike the many trails that crisscross the 700-acre Turkey Run Park  just seven miles north of D.C.  , which is carpeted in bluebells come late April . Antelope Valley , California The route : 70 miles From Los Angeles , drive north to the town of Lancaster via Route 14 , better known as the Antelope Valley Freeway . Golden poppies bloom throughout the Mojave Desert region in March , but the 17,600-acre Antelope Valley Poppy Reserve claims the finest concentration of California 's state flower -- not to mention glorious showings of fiddlenecks , creamcups , goldfields and tidytips starting in late March . Where to stop : Drive the seven-mile Antelope Loop Trail within the Poppy Reserve and continue on to Antelope Butte Vista Point , a high lookout  the valley reaches an elevation of nearly 3,000 feet  that offers the most sweeping desert panoramas . Cherokee Foothills Scenic Highway , South Carolina The route : 120 miles This National Scenic Byway sticks to an early Native American trail  the Cherokees called these foothills the Great Blue Hills of God  that weaves through the low Piedmont Hills past waterfalls , covered bridges and brooks . To catch peach orchards and trees in full bloom , time your drive to late spring or early summer . Where to stop : Hundreds of roadside stands that begin filling with fruit in early June . The famous Peachoid water tower , painted to look like a colossal peach , is in the town of Gaffney , where mountain laurels begin to blossom in late May . Travel + Leisure : Easy weekend getaways Historic Columbia River Highway , Oregon The route : 70 miles The Columbia River area has long been Oregon 's premier scenic attraction . Explore by driving from Portland through the Columbia River Gorge and on to volcanic Mount Hood , Oregon 's highest peak at over 11,000 feet . Multnomah Falls , one of the tallest yearlong waterfalls in the U.S. , is another showstopper . Beginning in late March , look for wildflowers like purple Columbia kittentails on the shaded banks of waterfalls . Where to stop : 3 Rivers Grill  541-386-8883  , in a Victorian house overlooking Hood River , for lunch . Detour over to the Washington side for the Maryhill Museum of Art and enjoy unparalleled views of the gorge . Louisiana Great River Road The route : 70 miles Let the Mississippi River be your guide on this winding route from Baton Rouge through Creole Country to New Orleans . Look out for former sugar plantations and majestic antebellum plantation houses -- until the Civil War this area was one of the richest in America . Giant moss-draped oak trees nearly obscure the Creole cottages , surrounded by patches of budding wildflowers . Where to stop : Oak Alley Plantation in Vacherie . This Greek Revival mansion was built in 1839 and stands at the end of a long avenue lined with oak trees . In New Orleans , check into the buzzy Saint Hotel , in the former Audubon Building in the French Quarter . Hana Highway , Hawaii The route : 52 miles Tropical flowers bloom each spring along the Road to Hana , which paves its way through bamboo fields , rainforests and waterfalls like 80-foot Wailua Falls , which appeared in the credits of TV show "  Fantasy Island . " Start in Kahului , and head down Maui 's northeastern coast . Just do n't be fooled by the 52-mile count -- this is an intense drive that can take up to four hours as you navigate over 600 hairpin turns and more than 50 one-lane bridges . The payoff comes from the spectacular views and bragging rights . Where to stop : Fuel up with pancakes soaked in coconut syrup at Anthony 's Coffee Co. in the funky small town of Paia . Just beyond mile marker 32 awaits Waianapanapa State Park , with black-sand beaches and trails leading to sea caves and lava cliffs . San Juan Skyway , Colorado The route : 232 miles The skyway 's biggest thrills come along the stretch between the Victorian-era towns of Ouray and Silverton that 's known as the Million Dollar Highway . While that name could easily describe the views , it actually refers to the massive amounts of silver and gold once carted through these passes . Four-wheelers can also attempt to traverse the rugged 65-mile Alpine Loop Back Country Byway past the 19th-century ghost towns of Howardsville , Eureka and Animas Forks . Where to stop : Mesa Verde National Park , famous for Anasazi Indian cliff dwellings that were abandoned 200 years before Columbus arrived in America . And at Dunton Hot Springs Resort , in a restored ghost town , soak in waters ranging from 85Â °F to 106Â °F and rich in calcium bicarbonate , iron and manganese . Santa Fe/Taos Loop , New Mexico The route : 191 miles Follow the  literal  High Road from Santa Fe north on Route 285 through high-elevation deserts and orchards . It leads to the cottonwood-dotted valley of Ojo Caliente and its pueblo communities ; the Taos Pueblo compound , a UNESCO World Heritage site , was built before 1400 and is one of the oldest continuously inhabited communities in America . Loop back from Taos on the Low Road , State Route 68 , which runs along the Rio Grande past wineries . Where to stop : More than 10 galleries display Native American jewelry , textiles and pottery at the Millicent Rogers Museum , named after Taos ' famed art-enthusiast and socialite . See all of America 's best spring drives Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Texas Hill Country is awash in bluebonnets in the springtime Golden poppies bloom in California 's Antelope Valley Tropical flowers bloom each spring along the Road to Hana in Hawaii
A meteor streaked through the skies above Russia 's Urals region Friday morning before exploding with a flash and boom that shattered glass in buildings and left about 1,000 people hurt , authorities said . Described by NASA as a "  tiny asteroid , " the meteor 's explosion created a blast in central Russia equivalent to 300,000 tons of TNT , the space agency 's officials said Friday , adding that the incident was a once-in-100-years event . The injured included more than 200 children . Most of those hurt are in the Chelyabinsk region , though the vast majority of injuries are not thought to be serious . Opinion : Do n't count ` doomsday asteroid ' out yet About 3,000 buildings were damaged -- mostly with broken glass -- as a result of the shock waves caused by the blast , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency said . Vladimir Stepanov , of the National Center for Emergency Situations at the Russian Interior Ministry , earlier told state media that hospitals , kindergartens and schools were among those affected . About 20,000 emergency response workers were mobilized , RIA Novosti reported . Read more : Saving Earth from asteroids Amateur video footage showed a bright white streak moving rapidly across the sky , before exploding with an even brighter flash and a deafening bang . The explosion occurred about 9:20 a.m. local time , as many people were out and about . It was captured in vivid images by Russians , many of whom used dash cameras inside their vehicles . Dash cameras are popular in Russia for several reasons including possible disputes over traffic accidents and the corrupt reputations of police in many areas . Drivers install the cameras for their own protection and to document incidents they could be caught in ; on Friday , they were able to document a spectacular natural phenomenon . CNN iReporter and Instagram user Max Chuykov saw the meteor trail from the city of Yekaterinburg . He shared on Instagram that it was "  close to the ground . " Witness Ekaterina Shlygina posted to CNN iReport and wrote on Instagram : "  Upon Chelyabinsk a huge fireball has exploded . It was n't an aircraft . " The national space agency , Roscosmos , said scientists believed one meteoroid had entered the atmosphere , where it burned and disintegrated into fragments . Read more : When the Quadrantid meteor shower hit its peak The resulting meteorites are believed to be scattered across three regions of Russia , one of them Chelyabinsk , as well as neighboring Kazakhstan , the news agency said . One large chunk was discovered in a lake in the Chelyabinsk region , RIA Novosti cited the Chelyabinsk governor as saying . A spokesman for the Emergency Ministry for the Chelyabinsk region told CNN earlier Friday that 524 people there were injured and 34 hospitalized . NASA estimates 4,700 ` potentially hazardous ' asteroids For sky watchers , the reports bring to mind the famous Tunguska event of 1908 in remote Siberia , in which an asteroid entered the atmosphere and exploded , leveling trees over an area of 820 square miles -- about two-thirds the size of Rhode Island . About 80 million trees were felled , radiating out from the center of the blast , but no crater was left . Friday 's Chelyabinsk meteor came on the same day that a hefty asteroid charged past Earth . An asteroid makes a close call . Fear not , scientists say Known as 2012 DA14 , the asteroid is thought to be 45 meters long , about half the length of a football field . But scientists say it came not much closer than 17,100 miles from our planet 's surface . Officials from around the world were quick to call for greater vigilance in monitoring meteors . "  Today 's event is a strong reminder of why we need continuous efforts to survey and identify near-Earth objects , " said Thomas Reiter , European Space Agency 's Director of Human Spaceflight and Operations . Deep Space Industries , a recently created space exploration company , said countries should be proactive in establishing "  a sentry line of spacecraft circling the Earth to intercept and evaluate incoming threats . " "  The hundreds of people injured in northern Russia show it 's time to take action and no longer be passive about these threats , " said Rick Tumlinson , chairman of Deep Space Industries . Your photos : Orionid meteor shower NASA spokesman Steve Cole told CNN that scientists had determined that the Russian meteor was on a very different trajectory from the larger asteroid . "  They are completely unrelated objects -- it 's a strange coincidence they are happening at the same time , " said Don Yeomans , manager of the Near-Earth Object Program Office at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory . Asteroid and meteor : Connected ? "  This kind of object does fall fairly frequently , but when they fall into the ocean or desert , there is no impact on people -- so this one is unusual in the sense that it 's come over a populated area , " Yeomans said . Cole said he was n't aware whether scientists had foreseen the meteor 's entry into the atmosphere . Because meteoroids are small , they are hard to spot and there is often little warning that they are heading toward Earth , he said . Opinion : Meteor shows why it is crucial to keep an eye on the sky	Described as once-in-100-years event , the meteor released a 300-kiloton blast lt had been moving faster than normal because of its close proximity to the Earth Deep Space Industries said countries should be proactive in establishing "  a sentry line " A bright white flash appeared in the sky for a few seconds , followed by a heavy bang
CNN  -- No amount of economic growth will land you a job if you get unfairly snagged in the FBI 's faulty background check system . And you can lose your job because of the FBI file inaccuracies , too . After working without incident at a Philadelphia port for 33 years , Russ F. was told he was out of a job when a newly required post-9 / 11 security clearance check found an arrest dating back to 1971 . Charges were never filed , and Russ was never prosecuted . But the nearly 40-year-old arrest was reported on his FBI background check with no additional information , and Russ needed months to track down documentation to prove he had never been convicted or even charged with a crime . Only then could he regain his job . A National Employment Law Project report found the FBI ran a record 16.9 million employment background checks -- a six-fold increase from a decade ago -- for jobs ranging from child care to truck driving , port workers to mortgage processors . Although background checks can contribute to workplace safety , inaccuracies in the FBI database mean that these checks are blocking about 600,000 Americans a year from jobs for which they may be perfectly qualified . This unfair barrier to employment can and must be fixed . The glitch is that FBI records often fail to report the final outcomes of arrests . The case might have been dismissed or the charges reduced , but a prospective employer might not know it from the FBI background check . Roughly one-third of all felony arrests do n't result in conviction , according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics , and many more are reduced to misdemeanors . By the Justice Department 's own count , roughly 50 % of FBI background records are incomplete and do n't include the final outcome of an arrest . In the face of such errors , only a fraction of job seekers successfully correct their FBI records -- and then only with great effort and expense . Those unable to correct their reports are often trapped in a cycle of poverty that U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder decried in a recent speech . Raquel Vanderpool , a nurse 's aide in Newport , Michigan , with nearly a decade of experience , was fired when an FBI background check inaccurately reported a youthful conviction that had been dismissed and sealed . Vanderpool was fired and unable to find employment while she struggled -- for four years -- to clear her record . During that time , she exhausted her unemployment benefits , relied on food assistance to feed her children , lost a family vehicle and was forced to short sale her home after entering foreclosure . Now re-employed , Vanderpool will have to spend years digging out of the financial hole that the FBI 's inaccuracies left her in . The burden of these errors comes with sharp racial disparities . Just as African Americans and Latinos are disproportionately affected by the criminal justice system , so are they disproportionately harmed when records are incomplete . Denying employment based on faulty records puts more African Americans and Latinos out of work for longer while they struggle to clear their name . What can be done ? The FBI , which gathers records from the states , must provide accurate and up-to-date information when potential employers come asking for them . A successful and well-established federal precedent for this exists in the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act , the federal program for firearm background checks . Under the Brady Act , when the FBI receives background check requests for gun purchases , it contacts the appropriate federal , state and local agencies to get any missing disposition information and is able to clean up two-thirds of faulty records within just three days of the request . The system is quick , efficient and accurate . If a similar system were applied to employment background checks , we estimate that 390,000 workers a year would be assisted -- able to get a job -- because of the timely , accurate information . Employers and licensing agencies would benefit from clean records , too . Rep. Bobby Scott , D-Virginia , introduced a bill to clean up incomplete FBI background checks for employment . Rep. Keith Ellison , D-Minnesota , has also introduced the Accurate Background Check bill , specifically focusing on federal employment . These bills are coming not a moment too soon . In addition to these critical legislative fixes , the FBI can do a lot immediately to address this problem , including accepting updated records from fellow federal and state agencies . The seal of the FBI is intended to mark these records as official , legitimate and trustworthy . Until they are made so , the records pose an unacceptable barrier to employment for thousands of Americans . That 's something our economy and our workers can not afford . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Madeline Neighly .	Madeline Neighly : Employers use FBI background checks , but half the information is wrong She says 600,000 are turned away from potential jobs because database is n't updated Neighly : An old arrest record can get workers fired , even if they were never charged System must be updated , she says ; it 's an injustice to thousands of Americans
CNN  -- U.S. prosecutors have filed charges against a security company , accusing it of faking completed background checks to bilk the government of millions of dollars . U.S. Investigations Services used a computer program to "  flush " or "  dump " background checks -- labeling them as completed , when in fact they had not carried out a quality review as required by the government contract , prosecutors allege in a complaint . The fraudulent behavior involved at least 665,000 background investigations -- about 40 % of the total number the company conducted , prosecutors allege . The company received nearly $ 12 million in bonus payments from 2008 through 2010 , which would not have been given if the U.S. Office of Personnel Management had known of USIS 's actions , the complaint says . USIS is charged with three counts : false or fraudulent claims ; false statements , and breach of contract . Other filings -- including by the defense -- remain sealed . A USIS spokeswoman described the "  alleged conduct referenced in the civil complaint " as "  contrary to our values and commitment to exceptional service . These allegations relate to a small group of individuals over a specific time period and are inconsistent with the strong service record we have earned since our inception in 1996 . " After the company learned of the allegations nearly two years ago , it "  acted decisively to reinforce our processes and management to ensure the quality of our work and adherence to OPM requirements . " "  We appointed a new leadership team , enhanced oversight procedures , and improved control protocols . From the outset , we have fully cooperated with the government 's investigation and remain focused on delivering the highest quality service under our OPM contracts , " the spokeswoman said . On its website , USIS describes itself as "  the leading industry provider of background investigations to the federal government , with a long-standing reputation for service , quality and timeliness . " The spokeswoman said "  integrity and excellence are core values at USIS that guide the work of our outstanding 6,000 employees . " Web 's black market peddles fake documents Opinion : What Yahoo CEO 's false bio tell us about resume fraud CNN 's Josh Levs and Jonathan Helman contributed to this report .	NEW : Allegated acts are "  contrary to our values , " company says U.S. Investigations Services charged with false statements , breach of contract It is alleged they used a computer program to "  flush " or "  dump " background checks Prosecutors say at least 665,000 background investigations were involved
CNN  -- A standoff between Boeing and thousands of unionized workers based in Washington state came to an unexpected end Friday after workers voted in favor of a contract to build the company 's new commercial jet . The deal keeps economic activity worth billions inside the state , and means hundreds of thousands of jobs will be retained . The vote Friday , from the International Association of Machinists District 751 , came in at 51 % to 49 % . It was a dramatic reversal in the machinists ' stance , after they had overwhelmingly rejected a similar contract less than two months ago . The new contract , which will run from 2016 to 2024 , means an end to the traditional pension plan for more than 33,000 machinists at Boeing , replacing it with a 401  k  type of plan . The plan had been a sticking point , but fear of losing jobs and work connected to the jet prompted members to change their minds . Union representatives told media they did n't like the position , but were forced to accept it . Local union officials had pointed to the loss of the pension as the prime reason to reject the deal , also arguing that approving the contract would encourage the company to make continued threats to move work elsewhere in the future in order to win other concessions . However , IAM International leadership had argued the new offer was better than one that was rejected last year , adding about $ 1 billion in value to members . The improvements include an additional $ 5,000 bonus in 2020 and the continuation of the current formula for how new hires move up the pay scale . Jim Bearden , speaking on behalf of the local union president , Tom Wroblewski , said , "  Our members have spoken , and having said that , this is the course we 'll take . No member liked this or the position we were put in by the company . " "  We faced tremendous pressure from every source imaginable , " Bearden said . "  Politicians , the media , and others , who truly had no right to get into our business , who were aligned against us . " Ray Conner , chief executive officer of Boeing Commercial Airplanes , said in a statement that the 777X and the composite wings would now be built in the Puget Sound area , where the company 's plants are based . "  Thanks to this vote by our employees , the future of Boeing in the Puget Sound region has never looked brighter , " he said . The 777X is Boeing 's answer to the Airbus A350-900 / 1000 , which competes with Boeing 's current 777 Classic series of jet airliners . The 777 Classic is assembled at Boeing 's production plant in Everett , Washngton , near Seattle . The Classic 's metal wings are built in Japan , shipped to Everett and joined to the fuselage at the Boeing plant . Production of the 777X will begin in 2016 , with a first flight due in 2018 before it goes into service in 2020 . The jet will use carbon-composite wings , which are regarded as the plum of the program . State officials had pulled out all the stops to win the program . Gov. Jay Inslee said losing the 777X to another state would be the beginning of the end of Boeing 's production in Washington , where the company employs nearly 90,000 and drives another 270,000 indirect jobs . Elected officials and others believed that losing the 777X and the composite wings would mean future airplanes would follow the 777X to other states .	Machinists ' union votes in favor of building Boeing 's new jet in Washington state Boeing and the union disagreed over pension plans but came to an agreement The 51 % -49 % vote was a dramatic reversal in machinsts ' stance The deal means major economic activity and thousands of jobs stay in the state
CNN  -- In popular culture , butlers are usually portrayed as "  Made in Britain " and tend to stately homes somewhere in the English countryside . The last few years has revealed a different reality , however . Increasingly , "  Jeeves " and his ilk are as likely to be found managing a palace in Saudi Arabia as a manor in England . Anthony Seddon-Holland , the owner of the British Butler Guild , an elite butler training and staffing agency , estimates 25 % of his placements end up in the Middle East . "  They like British servants more than anybody else , because I think they trust us , " he concedes . "  A lot of wealthy Arabs -- especially the royals -- go to boarding schools and university in the UK . By the time they 're in their 20s , they probably spent more time in England than their own country . " For someone like Seddon-Holland , a self-professed traditionalist  he balked when an American client once suggested he replace his tails with chinos  , the Gulf states of the Middle East are keepers-of-the-flame for the glory days of service . Few British households hire the legions of staff depicted in Downton Abbey . Such retinues , however , are more commonplace in the Middle East . Steven Randolph , a butler who cut his teeth at Buckingham Palace before founding Randolphs , his own butler recruitment firm , remembers working for one prominent family from the region . "  We were at a property in Paris , and I was quite surprised the first time they had family visit . I looked out the window and counted 40 people lined up outside . This was for a family of two , " he recalls . "  There are not many stately homes in London that would employ such a huge number of staff . " Randolph also notes that while butlers stationed in the Middle East can earn a decent income  $ 150,000 for a top earner  , the hours tend to be longer . The region can also prove isolating . "  I worked in Saudi Arabia for some time , and you have to adjust yourself to the fact that you have no social life , " says Seddon-Holland . "  You ca n't go out for a beer and meet women . It just does n't happen in Saudi or Oman , or other countries in the area . " Still , he says , in many ways the nature of the work is less intense than in other parts of the world . "  I do n't have to deal with drunks , or people whacked out on Prozac ; I do n't have problems with prostitutes or gambling . Those things are out the window in the Middle East . I worked for two royal families in strict Islamic countries , and the day was so stress-free , I ca n't describe it , " he says . Even outside of royal circles , the style of service founded by the British remains popular . Several hotels in the region supply private butlers to every guest . According to Randolph , the demand for these hotel butlers has "  gone through the roof . " While private butlers remain fairly homogenous , in the hospitality industry , the demographic has changed considerably . As wealthy Chinese and Russian tourists flock to the region , hotels are clamoring to offer the standard of service these guests have come to expect , in a language they understand . As a result , the face of butler service in the region is often , unexpectedly , Chinese . "  Due to the rapid growth of tourists from China , we needed to ensure the high level of customer satisfaction and have a strategy , " says Izabela Hamilton , a spokesperson at the Burj Al Arab Hotel , which employs 200 butlers -- none of them British . Hotel management makes regular recruitment trips to China , and all staff are encouraged to learn Mandarin . According to Sara Vestin Rahmani , director of butler agency Bespoke Bureau , and Peek-a-Boo , a sister placement firm for nannies , some families hire Chinese staff to give their children a headstart . "  People think , ` OK , a lot of stuff happening in the world will be in China , ' and they want their kids to be ahead of the game , so they hire Mandarin-speaking nannies from us , " she says . Despite a burgeoning supply from China and demand from the Middle East , Josephine Ive , who heads up Magnums Butlers and trains 600 Chinese service staff yearly , says her students are often hesitant to make the trip . "  Many Chinese parents are reluctant to let their offspring go to other countries . They prefer their young people to be chaperoned for safety , " she says , adding that the Middle East 's reputation for racial hierarchy does n't help . Seddon-Holland , however , thinks the region offers enough perks to overcome most quibbles . "  Do n't let what you see on Fox News shape your views , " he says . "  If you keep an open mind , it can be a wonderful place to work .	British butlers sought after for wealthy in Middle East Growing trend for hotels in the region to offer personal butlers to guests Number of Chinese butlers increasing as more travel to the region
HAMILTON , Bermuda  CNN  -- Two of four Uyghurs relocated to Bermuda after seven years of detention in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , denied Friday that they had ever been terrorists and expressed gratitude toward U.S. President Barack Obama for working to free them . Salahidin Abdalahut and Kheleel Mamut were two of four Uyghurs released from Gitmo . Thirteen remain there . Asked what he would say to someone who accused him of being a terrorist , one of the men , Kheleel Mamut , told CNN 's Don Lemon , "  I am no terrorist ; I have not been terrorist . I will never be terrorist . I am a peaceful person . " Speaking through an interpreter who is herself a Uyghur who said she was sympathetic toward the men , the other man -- Salahidin Abdalahut -- described the past seven years as "  difficult times for me ... I feel bad that it took so long for me to be free . " The two Chinese Muslims were among four relocated from Guantanamo to Bermuda ; another 13 remain in detention on the island . He said he had traveled to Afghanistan not to attend any terrorist training camps but because -- as a Uyghur -- he had been oppressed by the Chinese government . "  We had to leave the country to look for a better life , a peaceful life , and Afghanistan is a neighboring country to our country , and it 's easy to go , " he said . "  It is difficult to obtain a visa to go to any other places , so it was really easy for us to just travel to Afghanistan . " Asked what he hoped to do next , he said , "  I want to forget about the past and move on to a peaceful life in the future . " In addition to the four relocated from Guantanamo to Bermuda , another 13 Uyghurs remain in detention on the island . The four were flown by private plane Wednesday night from Cuba to Bermuda , and were accompanied by U.S. and Bermudian representatives as well as their attorneys , according to Susan Baker Manning , part of the men 's legal team . The men , who are staying in an apartment , are free to roam about the island . Mamut accused the Bush administration of having held them without cause , and lauded Obama for having "  tried really hard to bring justice and he has been trying very hard to find other countries to resettle us and finally he freed us . " He appealed to Obama to carry out his promise to shut Guantanamo Bay within a year . "  I would like President Obama to honor that word and to free my 13 brothers who were left behind and all of the rest of the people who deserve to be free , " Mamut said . Asked how he had been treated in Guantanamo Bay , Mamut said , "  It is a jail , so there will be difficulties in the jail that we have faced and now , since I am a free man today , I would like to forget about all that . I really do n't want to think about those days . " He cited a proverb from his homeland that means , "  What is done can not be undone . " Asked if he had anything to say to anyone watching , he said , "  Thank you very much for those people who helped me to gain freedom . " He said he had spoken earlier in the day with his family . "  They told me , "  My boy , my son , congratulations on your freedom . ' " The move has had international repercussions , including causing a rift between the United States and Britain . A British official familiar with the agreement but not authorized to speak publicly on the matter told CNN the United States had informed London of the agreement "  shortly before the deal was concluded . " A U.S. official , speaking on background , said the British feel blindsided . Bermuda is a British "  overseas territory . " The four were twice cleared for release -- once by the Bush administration and again this year , according to a Justice Department statement . The issue of where they go is controversial because of China 's opposition to the Uyghurs ' being sent to any country but China . Uyghurs are a Muslim minority from the Xinjiang province of far west China . The 17 Uyghurs had left China and made their way to Afghanistan , where they settled in a camp with other Uyghurs opposed to the Chinese government , the Justice Department said in its statement . They left Afghanistan after U.S. bombings began in the area in October 2001 and were apprehended in Pakistan , the statement said . "  According to available information , these individuals did not travel to Afghanistan with the intent to take any hostile action against the United States , " the statement said . However , China alleges that the men are part of the East Turkestan Islamic Movement -- a group the U.S. State Department considers a terrorist organization -- that operates in the Xinjiang region . East Turkestan is another name for Xinjiang . China on Thursday urged the United States to hand over all 17 of the Uyghurs instead of sending them elsewhere . The United States will not send Uyghur detainees cleared for release back to China out of concern that they would be tortured by Chinese authorities . China has said no returned Uyghurs would be tortured . A senior U.S. administration official told CNN that the State Department is working on a final agreement with Palau to settle the 13 remaining Uyghur detainees . CNN 's Don Lemon and Brian Vitagliano in Hamilton , Bermuda , and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	Two Uyghurs relocated from Guantanamo spoke Friday with CNN 's Don Lemon Both denied having been terrorists and expressed gratitude toward U.S. president Four of the Chinese Muslims were relocated to Bermuda ; 13 remain at Gitmo Incident has had international repercussions centering on where to relocate men
CNN  -- A New Year 's Day shooting in which a subway police officer fired a deadly shot into the back of an unarmed man has the San Francisco Bay Area demanding answers as authorities appeal for patience . Oscar Grant , 22 , was killed January 1 in a shooting at a subway station in California 's Bay Area . Bay Area Rapid Transit spokesman Linton Johnson told CNN affiliate KTVU-TV in Oakland , California , that the officer is presumed innocent and described him as devastated . Attorney John Burris called the shooting "  unconscionable " and said he filed a $ 25 million claim with BART on Tuesday , alleging wrongful death and violation of civil rights by use of excessive force . BART has 45 days to respond , Burris said . "  It 's a clear shooting in the back that should not have taken place , " Burris said , characterizing the incident as a case of "  overagressiveness by police . " KTVU obtained at least two videos of the incident and its prelude . One video , which KTVU reported came from a train passenger who wished not to be identified , shows three young men against a wall in the crowded Fruitvale station . Karina Vargas , who also provided a video to KTVU , said the men had been pulled from the train car in front of hers . Watch the events preceding the shooting " Burris said Tuesday that the young men had been celebrating the new year at a popular waterfront tourist spot , The Embarcadero . They were heading home when police pulled them from the train car . Some of the young men were handcuffed , but not 22-year-old Oscar Grant . The video from the anonymous passenger shows Grant seated on the floor with his back against the wall . Grant holds up his hands , appearing to plead with police . Burris said Tuesday that Grant was asking police not to use a Taser . "  He said to them , ` Do n't Tase me ; I have a 4-year-old daughter , ' " Burris said . The interaction on the video is not audible . Seconds later , police put Grant face-down on the ground . Grant appears to struggle . One of the officers kneels on Grant as another officer stands up , tugs at his gun , unholsters it and fires a shot into Grant 's back . Burris said the bullet went through Grant 's back and then ricocheted off the floor and through his lungs . Grant , who has a 4-year-old daughter , died seven hours later , KTVU reported . "  I could n't believe it . We was already following directions and everything , and they shot him , " Fernando Anicete , one of the young men with Grant , told KTVU . Burris has spoken to witnesses who claim that Grant was trying to resolve the situation . "  He had been telling people to calm down . ` Be cool . Just do what they tell you to do , ' " the attorney said . Johnson said the video provided to KTVU is inconclusive . There are two surveillance cameras at the Fruitvale station , but a BART official told CNN that no video is being released at this time . The community is outraged , according to local media . CNN affiliate KRON-TV in San Francisco reported that about 20 people rallied Monday outside BART 's district headquarters in Oakland . "  A 22-year-old unarmed father was executed and assassinated , and BART expects us to swallow that the shooting may have been an accident , " protest organizer Evan Shamar of Oakland shouted through a bullhorn , according to KRON . BART says an investigation is ongoing and has n't reached any conclusions . The San Francisco Chronicle published an editorial Tuesday demanding answers as well . "  The BART police say that they are taking the investigation very seriously , but they had better find a way to reach out to the public effectively about what is going on and why . Otherwise , public outrage over this case is going to grow exponentially with every passing day , " the newspaper said . BART Police Chief Gary Gee released a statement this week expressing condolences for Grant 's family and saying the authority is cooperating with the Alameda County district attorney 's office , which is also investigating . Gee added that BART will complete an "  unbiased and thorough investigation " and asked the public to be patient . "  As frustrating as it is , I want to stress that we can not and will not jeopardize this case by discussing details before the investigation is complete , " Gee said . Gee provided minor details of what preceded the shooting : BART police received a report that two groups of passengers were involved in an altercation as their train left the West Oakland Station about 2 a.m. "  BART police officers responded to the platform at Fruitvale and detained several persons , " Gee said in his statement . BART has not identified the officer , saying only that he has been on the force two years . He has undergone drug and alcohol testing and is on administrative leave , both of which are standard procedure , according to BART . The officer has yet to make a public statement . Johnson and Gee say they are refraining from releasing further details to avoid compromising the investigation . Johnson further told KTVU that BART wanted to avoid "  polluting the potential pool of witnesses . " Burris , however , said there is no excuse for the use of force on a man being restrained by police . If BART does not grant his $ 25 million claim or if the authority fails to respond in 45 days , Burris intends to file a lawsuit , he said . Burris , who served as Rodney King 's co-counsel in King 's civil case against the Los Angeles Police Department , said he also wants criminal charges filed against the officer . He is pushing the Alameda County District Attorney Tom Orloff to press second-degree murder or involuntary manslaughter charges , he said . Second-degree murder charges would be warranted if the officer shot Grant in the back when Grant posed no danger , Burris said . However , there are reports speculating that the officer accidentally shot Grant , in which case involuntary manslaughter charges would be appropriate , Burris said . "  No one wants to believe a cop would just kill somebody like that , " he said . "  My view is , this is criminal conduct , period . " Johnson told KTVU that authorities are trying to determine whether the officer who shot Grant accidentally drew his gun instead of his Taser . He also said authorities still need to speak to all the officers but that the BART officers involved in the incident felt outnumbered and called the Oakland Police Department for backup . iReport.com : ` I 'm not happy with the state of the police ' "  We need to take our time and go through this thoroughly and try to figure everything out . There 's more to this story than this one angle , " Johnson told the station . Asked whether there were developments Tuesday , Johnson said he had none . Thomas Blalock , president of BART 's board of directors , has urged the public not to jump to conclusions . "  Let 's get the puzzle put together , and then we 'll come to a conclusion , " Blalock told KTVU . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Augie Martin and Randi Kaye contributed to this report .	Attorney files $ 25 million claim , calls shooting "  unconscionable " Video shows officer shoot Oscar Grant in back as another officer kneels on him BART : Video inconclusive , vows to conduct "  thorough , unbiased investigation " Witness tells KTVU : "  We was already following directions ... and they shot him "
New Delhi  CNN  The military option is out , President Barack Obama said Sunday , but the U.S. will be looking at all other options to "  ratchet up the pressure on Russia " on the issue of Ukraine . "  We have no interest in seeing Russia weakened or its economy in shambles . We have a profound interest , as I believe every country does , in promoting a core principle , which is : Large countries do n't bully smaller countries , " Obama told reporters . Speaking in New Delhi after a lengthy flight on Air Force One , Obama said Sunday he will "  look at all the additional options that are available to us short of military confrontation . " On Monday , Obama will be the first U.S. leader to headline India 's annual Republic Day parade , a colorful military spectacle featuring marching bands , dancing and lots of heavy machinery rolling down the stately Rajpath Boulevard . The parade will be a reminder of the decades of sometimes-tense relations between India and the U.S. . A military demonstration at heart , the vehicles and equipment parading before Obama will be mostly Russian-made , a vestige of India 's stance during the Cold War . Russia remains India 's largest supplier of weapons , and while their share is steadily decreasing , Russian military imports still amount to three-quarters of India 's stockpile . With U.S.-Russia relations worsening to Cold War levels , Obama hopes to balance Moscow 's influence in India during his visit this week . His visit comes a day after city officials in Mariupol , Ukraine , said shelling in southeastern Ukraine killed at least 30 people , including two children . Another 102 people were injured , at least 75 of whom needed hospital treatment , and many suffered shrapnel injuries , Mariupol City Council said . Pro-Russian separatists are blamed for the attack on residential areas in the port city , Donetsk regional police chief Vyacheslav Abroskin said on his Facebook page . Monitors with the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe said they conducted a crater analysis which showed the use of Grad and Uragan rockets that likely originated from areas controlled by the pro-Russian rebel group Donetsk People 's Republic . The shelling comes amid a surge in fighting between government forces and pro-Russian separatists . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov discussed Ukraine and Syria during a phone call , the State Department said . "  On Ukraine , the Secretary reiterated our condemnation of the separatists ' grad missile attack on civilians in Mariupol ... and other separatist attacks , " a statement said . "  The Secretary reiterated the need for an immediate resumption of the ceasefire , a withdrawal of heavy weapons , and closing the border . "  He also underscored U.S. readiness to participate in serious settlement efforts , making clear that deescalation is in everyone 's interests , that Russia will be judged by its actions , and that the costs to Russia will only increase if attacks continue . " Kerry has previously warned of increased international pressure on Russia . "  We call on Russia to end its support for separatists immediately , close the international border with Ukraine , and withdraw all weapons , fighters and financial backing , " Kerry said in a statement Saturday . The White House says Vice President Joe Biden spoke with Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko on Saturday . They "  expressed grave concern over Russia 's blatant disregard for its commitments under the September Minsk agreement and unilateral escalation of the conflict , " the White House said . Thousands have been killed since the conflict broke out in the spring of last year . A ceasefire agreed to in September in Minsk , Belarus , crumbled long ago . CNN 's Elise Labott , Laura Smith-Spark and Radina Gigova contributed to this report .	Obama says U.S. not interested in seeing Russian "  economy in shambles " Remark comes a day before Obama attends parade in India featuring Russian-made military vehicles And it comes a day after Mariupol city officials say shelling kills 2 children , 28 others
CNN  American missionary Phyllis Sortor , who was kidnapped last month by masked gunmen in central Nigeria , has been freed , a U.S. official confirmed Friday . Officials refused to provide details of her release , but said it involved some form of negotiations . Five men abducted Sortor , a missionary from Seattle with the Free Methodist Church , from her workplace February 23 and demanded a ransom of 60 million Naira  $ 301,500  , Kogi state police Commissioner Adeyemi Ogunjemilusi said . Sortor runs a nongovernmental organization that educates nomadic Fulani children , the police commissioner said . Kogi state is located away from the areas where Boko Haram operates , making it likely that the kidnapping is not related to them . But there is the possibility that an offshoot group could have kidnapped Sortor , or that she might be sold to another group .	American missionary Phyllis Sortor was kidnapped by masked gunmen in central Nigeria on February 23 Sortor , who was affiliated with the Free Methodist Church , has been released , an official said Friday
The military 's equivalent of the Supreme Court overturned the conviction Wednesday of a Marine found guilty of murdering a civilian during the Iraq war , saying he was interrogated after asking for a lawyer . A court originally sentenced Sgt. Lawrence Hutchins III to 15 years in prison for the murder of 52-year-old Hashim Awad in April of 2006 . Prosecutors said Hutchins , who led a Marine squad that dragged Awad from his home , shot him in the face several times and then placed a shovel and AK-47 near his body to make it appear he was an insurgent burying roadside bombs . Several other Marines were convicted in the attack but all served less than a year and a half behind bars . The United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces overturned Hutchins ' convictions because the court members said investigators violated his Fifth Amendment rights . The court said Hutchins asked for legal counsel when first questioned by military investigators from the Naval Criminal Investigative Service . He was then placed in solitary confinement for a week before investigators asked to search his belongings . Hutchins consented to the search and also asked if he could tell his side of the story about what happened . This time , he waived his right to an attorney and wrote a detailed confession . The court ruled his conviction overturned because they said once Hutchins requested an attorney he could not be interrogated without one present unless he initiated contact with investigators with a desire to talk . The court said it was in fact the NCIS that re-initiated talks beginning with investigators ' request to search his belongings . The Judge Advocate General 's office , which prosecuted the case , could not be immediately reached for comment on any decision whether to re-try the case . New York murder conviction overturned , another draws scrutiny Woman sentenced to death walks free , thanks to victim 's grandson	Sgt. Lawrence Hutchins III was sentenced to 15 years for the slaying He was convicted of killing a 52-year-old Iraqi in 2006 A military court said Hutchins erroneously was questioned after he asked for a lawyer
CNN  Daniel Traub knew North Philadelphia in his youth , accompanying his artist mother from their home in the more affluent central Philly as she helped residents transform vacant lots with sculptures and murals . After growing up and working 10 years on photos examining economic divides in China , he knew where he wanted to look next . "  North Philadelphia " is Traub 's new 124-page portrait of the people and properties in a struggling area where more than 40 % of residents in three local ZIP codes live below the poverty line . From crumbling buildings to abandoned lots long overgrown by nature , Traub says he examined neighborhoods long troubled by destitution yet ripe with beauty and possibility . "  I want to show the complexity of the place . ... It has a lot of hidden richness that maybe has been overlooked , " Traub said . For example ? Start with the ubiquitous churches , some recently converted from commercial buildings . Others , as he writes in the book 's essay , were "  built in more prosperous times , such as the Church of the Advocate , which played an important role in the Civil Rights era . " "  I was most drawn to those that were smaller and in flux , changing denominations and pastors frequently . They seemed more like local businesses vying to attract congregations , " he writes . He explored the area from 2008 to 2013 , mostly in the first two years when he lived on the edge of North Philadelphia upon his return from China . A large-format camera -- hood over head , with a tripod -- was his tool of choice . "  People thought I was a surveyor or real estate developer , " Traub said , and asked what he was up to . "  But for the most part , when I told them what I was doing , they were quite open and welcoming -- happy that someone was taking interest in the neighborhood . " Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . Traub 's choice of subjects reflected his personal experience in the area . North Philadelphia has both significant African-American and Hispanic populations , but Traub -- of German-Jewish and Chinese heritage -- focused on black residents and neighborhoods . It was in those neighborhoods that his mother , a Chinese-American , started a renewal project that would transform vacant lots into a series of art parks . He helped in the summer and grew close to those he worked with . His mother 's roots also drew him to China in the late 1990s . Wanting to explore his Asian heritage , he worked on a photo project examining people who migrated from the countryside to look for opportunity in cities like Beijing . It was a study in contradictions -- cities were newly prosperous , yet the workers remained poor , living on the margins . Traub returned to the United States thinking he 'd explore economic divides there . That 's not exactly how it turned out , he says . He went to Baltimore and cities in Ohio and elsewhere in the Rust Belt . Something did n't click . He turned to North Philadelphia . Once there , his interests were less about making a social point . "  While I was interested in economic differences and racial divides , I felt there was something more personal for me in the project , " he said . "  I realized I had some kind of a specific connection in North Philadelphia . I was interested in looking at the place itself , not looking at it as a way to explore broader social issues . " It was a return to a place that grabbed his imagination years ago . "  On one hand it is ignored and in decline , but it also is a place of tremendous possibility and great human resources -- people who are marginalized but also have a tremendous amount to offer , " he said . Daniel Traub is a photographer based in Brooklyn , New York . You can follow him on Facebook and Twitter . His new book , "  North Philadelphia , " is available on Amazon .	Photographer Daniel Traub 's new book profiles a struggling area of North Philadelphia Traub says he examined neighborhoods long troubled by destitution yet ripe with beauty and possibility "  I want to show the complexity of the place . ... It has a lot of hidden richness , " Traub said
Washington  CNN  -- The Secret Service has yanked the security clearances of 11 members accused of bringing prostitutes to a hotel in Colombia ahead of last week 's pan-American summit , government officials with knowledge of the investigation said Monday . The investigation also involves at least five and possibly 10 U.S. military personnel who were working with the Secret Service ahead of President Barack Obama 's trip to the Summit of the Americas . They are accused of bringing prostitutes to their Cartagena hotel Wednesday night , and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said Monday his personnel "  let the boss down " with their conduct . The Secret Service agents and officers involved range in experience from relative newcomers to nearly 20-year veterans , and all have been interviewed at least once , two government officials with knowledge of the probe told CNN . Their security clearances have been pulled while an investigation is under way and could be reinstated if they are cleared , the officials said . Most if not all arrived in Cartagena on Wednesday , two days before Obama , and went out for drinks in several groups after arrival , the officials said . The agency , which is responsible for presidential security , has briefed key congressional leaders on the investigation so far . Rep. Peter King , the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , told CNN that he believed 11 prostitutes were brought back to the hotel . Over the weekend , King told CNN that one of the women refused to leave a hotel room Thursday morning . A hotel manager tried to get in the room , and eventually the woman emerged and said "  they owed her money , " according to King . U.S. government sources also said there was a dispute between at least one Secret Service member and a woman demanding payment . At least one of the women brought to the hotel talked with police , and complaints were filed with the U.S. Embassy , the sources said . The alleged misconduct occurred before Obama arrived in Cartagena , but the news broke while he was there . Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , told reporters at the Pentagon on Monday that the incident distracted attention "  from what was a very important regional engagement for our president . " "  So we let the boss down , because nobody 's talking about what went on in Colombia other than this incident , " Dempsey said . Rep. Darrell Issa , the chairman of the House Oversight and Investigations Committee , said he met with Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan on Monday and said Sullivan was "  shocked " by the accusations . "  This is an organization with a great history , a history of being disciplined , " Issa , R-California , told CNN 's "  John King USA . " But he said earlier that "  to assume that 11 people did something on a one-time basis is a little bit questionable . " For 11 people to violate a basic security premise indicates a larger problem , Issa said . The Americans do n't seem to have broken the law in Colombia , where soliciting prostitutes is legal in some parts of the country , he said . But the congressman -- a leading Obama administration critic -- said the conduct could have posed a security risk to the president by exposing Secret Service agents to blackmail . "  What 's legal in one country still could lead to a married man being blackmailed , " he said . Speaking at the end of the summit on Sunday , Obama called for a "  thorough " and "  rigorous " investigation into the allegations . "  We 're representing the people of the United States , and when we travel to another country , I expect us to observe the highest standards , " he said . "  Obviously , what 's been reported does n't match up with those standards . " But he added , "  I 'll wait until the full investigation is completed until I pass final judgment . " The Pentagon said Monday that the misconduct involved more service members than the five initially believed . Pentagon spokesman George Little could not say how many more might be involved , but he indicated the personnel might come from more than one branch of the military . Pentagon officials had originally thought only Army personnel were involved . "  We believe there may be more than five , " Little said Monday . All were expected to return to the United States on Monday . Little said the personnel were not directly involved in presidential security and did not have any contact with Obama . He defined their role as in "  support " of the Secret Service . Because presidential security was the overall mission , however , it is not clear whether the Pentagon will ever publicly describe what the military personnel were doing as part of their work in Colombia or what branches of the military they belonged to . An officer who was already in Colombia gathered initial facts , according to Little . A more senior officer was leaving for Colombia on Monday to continue the investigation . Secret Service spokesman Edwin Donovan said the agents were relieved of duty Thursday , before the president 's arrival in Colombia . The agency 's assistant director , Paul Morrissey , noted his agency 's "  zero tolerance policy on personal misconduct . " "  This incident is not reflective of the behavior of our personnel as they travel every day throughout the country and the world performing their duties in a dedicated , professional manner , " Morrissey said Saturday . "  We regret any distraction from the Summit of the Americas this situation has caused . "	Secret Service staff members stripped of security clearances during the probe Eleven Secret Service members and at least five military personnel are being investigated Military personnel "  let the boss down , " chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff says Misconduct allegedly involved bringing prostitutes back to a hotel
Her YouTube video started out innocently enough . The Canadian teen , her face obscured from the camera , held a stack of cards each filled with messages in black marker . "  I 've decided to tell you about my never ending story , " the card in Amanda Todd 's hands read . At this point the viewer may have no idea that they are about to be led on the most agonizing journey , one that pushed the premier of British Columbia to issue a stern warning against bullying , a journey that has birthed a Facebook page with thousands of people commenting and many offering condolences . In the soundless , black and white video , the teen showed one card after another . Each card painfully sinking the viewer deeper into the anguish too many teens have experienced . "  In 7th grade I would go with friends on webcam , " the card in the teen 's hand read . Are depressed kids bully magnets ? The next few cards reveal that the teen began to get attention on the Internet from people that she did not know . People who told her she was beautiful , stunning , perfect . "  They wanted me to flash . So I did one year later , " the cards said . The teen then got a message on Facebook from a stranger who said she needed to show more of herself or he would publish the topless pictures he had taken of her . "  He knew my address , school , relatives , friends , family , names ... " Video : Teen bullied during anti-bullying interview On Christmas break , the police came to her home to tell her that photos of her were sent to "  everyone . " She pushed the next card very close to the camera . "  I then got really sick anxiety major depression and panic disorder . I then moved and got into alcohol and drugs . " She says she struggled with anxiety , rarely went out for a year . And then the same man appeared again with a Facebook page that displayed her topless as his profile picture . "  Cried every night , lost all my friends and respect people had for me ... again ... " She was teased and felt as if she could never erase that photo . She started cutting , a form of self-injuring act that psychologists say is an impulse-control behavior that sometimes accompanies a variety of mental illnesses . At school , she ate lunch alone until she moved to another new school . "  Everything was better even though I sat still alone , " the next card read . "  After a month later I started talking to an old guy friend . " LZ Granderson : Being bullied is hell , but life gets better She thought the guy liked her even though she knew he had a girlfriend . One day he asked her to come over because his girlfriend was on vacation . "  So I did ... huge mistake ... I thought he liked me , " she held the cards in one shaky hand now , using the other to brush under her eye as if wiping away a tear . A week later the guy 's girlfriend showed up at her school with a posse of 15 others . A crowd gathered . The girlfriend berated her screaming that nobody liked her . "  A guy than  sic  yelled just punch her already ... " She was punched . Thrown on the ground . "  I felt like a joke in this world I thought nobody deserves this , " the next card reads . "  Teachers ran over but I just went and layed in a ditch and my dad found me . " When she got home she drank bleach . "  It killed me inside and I thought I actually was going to die . " In a wired world , children unable to escape cyberbullying She was rushed to a hospital to flush the chemical out of her . She put the next card almost flush with camera so that the viewer can no longer see her and only sees "  After I got home all I saw on Facebook - She deserved it and did you wash the mud out of your hair ? I hope she is dead . " She moved in with her mother in another city , to another school . But her past followed her . "  6 months has gone by ... people are pasting pics of bleach , clorex  sic  and ditches ... Everyday I think why am I still here , " Her struggles with anxiety and cutting had gotten worse and even despite counseling and antidepressants she still was rushed to hospital again after an overdose . The last cards say simply : "  I have nobody . I need someone . My name is Amanda Todd . " The video has garnered the attention of many including the premier of British Columbia , Christy Clark . "  No one deserves to be bullied . No one earns it . No one asks for it . It is not a rite of passage . Bullying has to stop . Every child has to feel safe at school , " Clark said in a You Tube video posted Thursday . One day earlier , Amanda Todd 's body was found in her home , police in the Vancouver-area city of Coquitlam said . She took her own life . Amanda was 15 . Stop bullying : Speak Up	The video she shot before her death has attracted the attention of many A Facebook page has been set up with thousands commenting The premier of British Columbia issued a stern warning against bullying
Washington  CNN  Chris Christie 's decision to accept a plane ride and a box seat at Sunday 's Dallas Cowboys game has Democrats considering an investigation and even some Republicans questioning the New Jersey governor 's judgment . On Wednesday , the co-chairman of the New Jersey legislative panel investigating the Bridgegate scandal told CNN that he is considering an inquiry into whether it was appropriate for the governor to accept free tickets from Cowboys owner Jerry Jones after a company the team has a stake in was awarded a contract supported by Christie . "  It smacks of improper behavior . It smacks of hypocrisy , " Assemblyman John Wisniewski said . "  It smacks of inside deals that the average guy in Jersey ca n't ever dream of having the opportunity to do . It 's wrong . " Christie , a lifelong Cowboys fan , said through a spokesman that Jones paid for the ticket and transportation to the game . The spokesman said Monday that the governor 's code of conduct allows Christie to accept gifts "  from relatives or personal friends that are paid for with personal funds . " But the revelation Tuesday that the Cowboys own part of a company that won a Port Authority of New York and New Jersey contract , which was endorsed by Christie and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , raised questions about a possible quid-pro-quo . Last March , Legends Hospitality , which is owned by the Cowboys , New York Yankees and the Checketts Partners Investment Fund , won the Port Authority contract to operate the observation deck of One World Trade Center . Related : Christie 's cowboy 's love gets national spotlight Why would a big state governor with White House ambitions accept lavish gifts from a wealthy patron ? That 's a question Virginia 's former Gov. Bob McDonnell will probably be asking himself as he heads to prison Feb. 9 after being handed a two-year sentence for public corruption conviction on Tuesday . McDonnell accepted cash and gifts from a wealthy businessman with interests in his state . Related : Former Virginia governor gets two years in prison In the case of Christie and his Cowboys , there 's no evidence of any wrongdoing . But Democrats like Brad Woodhouse of the progressive American Democracy Legal Fund are quick to draw the comparison . Woodhouse filed a complaint with the New Jersey State Ethics Commission and the governor 's Advisory Ethics Panel this week , arguing that "  Christie 's acceptance of gifts from Mr. Jones ... appears to violate at least two separate provisions of New Jersey 's Conflicts of Interest Law , the New Jersey Uniform Ethics Code , and the Governor 's Code of Conduct . " Christie spokeswoman Maria Comella said that it 's not surprising that a partisan organization is "  using the governor 's support of a football team for a political hit . " "  The governor does not involve himself in Port Authority bidding processes , " she said . "  He 's only there because he 's a huge Dallas Cowboys fan . And Jerry Jones wants him there because he 's good luck . " Related : Cowboys , books tours and same-sex marriage Indeed , Jones told a Dallas radio station Tuesday that , "  He 's part of our mojo and I want him there all the way . I 'll tell you , if he 's got enough mojo to pull this thing out , he ought to be looked at as president of the United States . " But even some Republicans are questioning Christie 's decision to watch the game from the owner 's box . Former Republican state Sen. Bill Schluter , who served on the State Ethics Commission , said Christie was offered the tickets because of his position as governor , which "  just does n't pass the smell test . " "  I just wonder if the governor has n't given up his idea of being president . For him to do this , to go out to Dallas to see this game , does n't show good judgment , " he said . It 's a point Woodhouse , a former spokesman for the Democratic National Committee , echoed . "  It really defies the imagination that someone who sees himself as running for president would act this way , " he said . "  It does n't look like someone who 's on a national stage ready for primetime . "	New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie was spotted on national TV hugging Cowboys owner Jerry Jones , who paid for Christie to attend a playoff game Jones has business in New Jersey with the Port Authority
CNN  -- Michael Clarke joined an exclusive club comprising of cricket legends Don Bradman and Wally Hammond on day two of the fourth Test as Australia continued to batter India . The Australian captain made 210 at the Adelaide Oval as he became only the third player in history to hit double and triple centuries in a series . Clarke 's knock , coupled with former captain Ricky Ponting 's 221 , saw Australia reach a mammoth 604-7 declared in their first innings , as they search for a 4-0 series whitewash . By the end of play India were 61-2 , as Virender Sehwag and Raul Dravid fell cheaply , and staring down the barrel of another humiliating defeat . Ponting passes new milestone Clarke made 329 not out in the second Test at Sydney and said he was flattered to join an illustrious club with fellow countryman Bradman -- who ended his career with an average score per game of 99.94 -- and former England captain Hammond , who made 22 Test centuries . "  I did n't know that , but it 's very nice , " Clarke told reporters . "  It 's very special , no doubt about it . One thing I 've never been very keen on is statistics and records . "  It 's about helping your team win and , if things like that come along , it 's very special . " Clarke and Ponting 's partnership of 386 was the fourth highest of all time for Australia , with Bradman involved in all of the top three . In Abu Dhabi , bowlers Graeme Swann and Stuart Broad each took three wickets as England grabbed the initiative on day one of the second Test against Pakistan . Pakistan , who won the first Test of the three-match series in Dubai by ten wickets , made 256-7 at the end of play after winning the toss and opting to bat first . Captain Misbah-ul-Haq compiled an unbeaten 83 , and was ably assisted by Asad Shafiq , who made 58 , but on a good batting surface England did well to restrict their opponents . England had to wait nearly 20 overs for the breakthrough , as Swann bowled Taufeeq Umar , before Monty Panesar -- playing his first Test since July 2009 -- repeated the feat to remove Mohammad Hafeez soon after . Broad then made his mark as he bowled Younis Khan and Azhar Ali in quick succession to leave Pakistan wobbling on 103-4 . But Misbah-ul-Haq and Shafiq steadied the ship , putting on 100 before Swann trapped Shafiq LBW . Adnan Akmal was then out in the same fashion to Broad . Swann 's dismissal of Abdur Rehman just before the close confirmed it was England 's day .	Australia captain Michael Clarke matches legends Wally Hammond and Don Bradman Clarke becomes only the third player in history to hit double and triple centuries in a series Clarke complies 210 as Australia declare first innings on 610-7 against India , who are 61-2 England reduce Pakistan to 256-7 on day one of the second Test against Pakistan
If just one thing could define emerging economies it 's a young population -- and no other place reflects this more directly than in the world of tech startups . "  If you look at Vietnam or Cambodia or Myanmar , they do n't suffer from the up-ended triangle that we all suffer from in the West of too many old people and too few young people , " said Napoleon Biggs , a Hong Kong-based digital media specialist . Venture capitalists and startup funds are now circling South East Asia looking for ideas to invest in . He said groups like Rocket Internet from Germany were very good at identifying "  clones , " or emerging market copies of internet ideas that have originated elsewhere . "  They raise significant amounts of money and they 're not embarrassed about cloning because they say it 's all about execution , which it is . " Frontier markets are where these investors are seeing the greatest returns . "  They 've gone into places like Myanmar with a vengeance , " Biggs said . "  They are bringing western business savvy and they find a local partner to make it happen . " One recurring feature of emerging market startups is that they are often aimed at solving specific problems in a country . "  In the West , the internet is often slagged off as a place where people waste their time , " said Biggs . "  In emerging economies , it 's more likely to be specifically engineered to overcome an existing problem . " Click through the gallery above to see some of Asia 's most innovative companies chosen by Napoleon Biggs , angel investor Simon Squibb , analyst Xiafeng Wang of Forrester and Ping Wong of the Hong Kong Internet Society . Read this : The social apps taking China by storm Read this : Can Alibaba topple the Silicon Valley giants ?	Startups in emerging markets are designed by and aimed at a young population Investors are making significant outlays in startups in emerging economies Rocket Internet has a large presence in frontier markets such as Myanmar Emerging economies are more likely to develop ideas that overcome specific problems
HARO , Spain  CNN  -- A Spanish businessman withdrew a controversial lawsuit Wednesday against the family of a teenage boy he struck and killed while driving a luxury car . Tomas Delgado had filed a suit asking the dead boy 's parents to pay him $ 20,000  $ 29,400  on the grounds that the collision that killed their teenage son also damaged his Audi A-8 . News of the case sparked outrage in Spain and generated deep sympathy for the parents of 17-year-old Enaitz Iriondo Trinidad . He was riding his bicycle home to a campground when Delgado 's car hit and killed him in August 2004 . Hundreds of people descended on a courthouse in northern Spain in a show of support for the boy 's parents Wednesday . They broke into applause when word came that Delgado had dropped the suit . The businessman had insisted in a recent television interview that he was a victim , too . He was not present for a court hearing Wednesday . His lawyer told the court that Delgado felt that the extensive publicity amounted to a public lynching . Outside the courthouse , the boy 's father -- Antonio Iriondo -- told CNN he was content with the decision . Yet he also said his family will explore the possibility of criminal charges against the man . "  This is just the beginning , " the father said . His son was killed as he cycled back from a nearby village to a campground where his family was vacationing . Iriondo Trinidad 's father told CNN he heard the screeching of the car from the campgrounds . The teen was struck from behind and dragged 106 meters  347 feet  along the rural highway , the father said . A traffic report said Delgado was traveling 113 km per hour  70 mph  in an area where the speed limit is 90 km  55 mph  . An independent expert hired by Trinidad 's family said Delgado was going 173 km per hour  107 mph  . Shortly after the collision , a judge dismissed criminal charges against Delgado after concluding that he had committed no criminal infraction , the Spanish newspaper El Pais reported . The teen 's mother , Rosa , told the newspaper that the family was given three days to appeal the judge 's ruling , but they were too distraught to pursue it . She also told the newspaper that her family 's lawyer advised her and her husband not to pursue criminal charges . After the collision , Delgado 's insurance company paid the family $ 33,000  $ 48,500  . Two years after the wreck , Delgado sued the family for damages to his car and for car rental costs . The boy 's mother told CNN before the hearing that she was indignant that the driver would seek damages after killing her son . A local prosecutor told reporters that he would take a second look at the case to see whether authorities can file fresh charges against Delgado . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Al Goodman contributed to this story	Spaniard withdraws lawsuit against the family of a boy he struck and killed Tomas Delgado had filed a suit , saying collision had also damaged his car News of the case sparked outrage in Spain and deep sympathy for the parents
CNN  -- November is National Adoption Awareness Month in the U.S. and in many countries around the world . We celebrate every child 's right to grow up in a loving , permanent family where they can live their lives with dignity . Adoption is a deep , meaningful way to create families and provide orphaned and vulnerable children a protected , safe and secure environment in which to grow and thrive . By 2005 , there were 23,000 international adoptions to the U.S. , from many countries around the world . But unfortunately , over the last six years , the numbers have plummeted to 11,000 in 2010 ... and probably much less by the end of 2011 . The Hague regulations for inter-country adoption were implemented in 2008 in the U.S. and have protected children from trafficking . At the same time , this bureaucracy has paralyzed the process of adoption , making it inefficient and cumbersome . Millions of children around the globe lose their parents to extreme poverty , HIV/AIDS , tuberculosis , malaria , conflict , war and natural disasters , often forcing family members to relinquish and abandon their children to orphanages . People without education and jobs , and communities without economic strength and social welfare infrastructure , can not support orphans . Globally , UNICEF estimates that 153 million of those under the age of 18 have lost one or both parents and are considered orphans ; 18 million children have lost both parents . Adoption can ensure permanency , but it can not solve the tragic destiny of millions of children living without parental care in dire circumstances fast enough . The process of change to provide permanency to all these children in need will take decades . We are at a crossroads of urgency . What happens to the children left behind ? Some are institutionalized , and others are forced to live on the street or in refugee camps or as slaves to other families : for example , restaveks in Haiti . Children are bought and sold as prostitutes or forced into a life of crime , drug dealing and alcoholism , and many are child laborers making up a large part of the major work force of countries abroad . Still others become child soldiers fighting ethnic wars in tyrant-run countries . When families survive , the head of the household may be a child 8 years old or even younger . Girls are forced into very early marriages even before they menstruate , robbing them of educational opportunities and choices about their future . The damage done to children in these circumstances is horrific and has lifelong consequences . The U.N. Convention on the Rights of the Child states that every child has a right to safety , health and an education , as well as the right to participate fully in family , cultural and social life . The U.S. and the international community must find permanent solutions to address the international orphan crisis . Effective and innovative strategies need to be implemented and more resources must be devoted to preventing child abandonment and helping families to remain intact or to be reunified and reintegrated . Investment in child welfare systems with trained social workers capable of case management in impoverished countries must be the highest priority to strengthen and support families and communities . Families need economic opportunities to make a viable living and social services to help guide them out of poverty . Access to medical care and psychosocial services and universal , free education must be available for all children and their families . Without such support services , families are more likely to be torn apart by poverty and become victims of depression and hopelessness , which continues the cycle of relinquishment and abandonment . We must figure out how families and communities survive poverty and adversity . What are the intrinsic cultural mechanisms that work in one country and not in another ? Children living in orphanages need professionally trained staff members/caretakers who are committed and invested in the psychological welfare of each child . Orphans must be reintegrated into their communities by attending local schools so that they are not isolated and stigmatized . Orphanages should be downsized and be more like group homes , run family-style , and foster care  using the South Korean model  could be introduced as a better alternative to residential care facilities . Governments need to invest in strategic plans to de-institutionalize the care of orphans , making these programs a shared responsibility of society . Attitudes need to be changed about disabled children from ethnic minorities so that there is inclusion of all children into the fabric of life in all developing countries . I 've witnessed orphans living in squalid and tragic conditions . Once they age out of the orphanage , they often leave uneducated and unprepared for life outside the institution ; they are destined for poor physical and mental health and dependency on welfare systems rather than becoming independent and capable of creating their own families and developing and contributing their own talents to their societies . Realizing that millions of orphaned children would never be adopted fast enough , I founded Worldwide Orphans Foundation . It is committed to transforming the lives of orphaned children by providing them with medical , developmental and psychosocial care and educational opportunities in their own communities . Our long-term holistic programing includes education , health care , sports and recreation , camps , early intervention , special education , youth programs and computer technology to help kids become independent adults who are successful and resilient . This month , we celebrate the loving , permanent families that are created through adoption . As a pediatrician caring for newly adopted children , I 've seen the magic of adoption more than 10,000 times . I , too , am an adoptive parent of two sweet sons from Ethiopia and Vietnam , but adoption is not the solution to the global orphan crisis now . We must be passionate about our efforts to care for the "  children left behind . " Those of us who advocate for the most vulnerable children in the world can not wait anymore . The children can not wait anymore . All children deserve an opportunity to realize their full potential in their country and , indeed , the world . Orphans graduate high school and college . Orphans are teachers , electricians and plumbers . Orphans are strong and powerful , and they are capable and proud . They are hardy and deserve our respect , our love and our support now . We must act now ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jane Aronson .	International adoptions have declined in the U.S. due to new regulations , says Jane Aronson She says the number of orphans vastly outnumbers adoptions Aronson : U.S. , international groups must find other answers to orphan crisis She says strategies to keep families together and to help orphaned children are crucial
Decatur , Georgia  CNN  -- Given all their country and people have been through , between political upheavals , human rights abuses , hurricanes , abject poverty and last week 's earthquake , "  If Haitians were constantly questioning their faith , they would all be atheists . " These words came from the Rev. Eric Hill as he prepared to lead Haitian Mass Sunday at Saints Peter and Paul Catholic Church in Decatur , Georgia . Some of the 100 Haitian parishioners who gathered raised their hands to the heavens in praise , grateful their loved ones had been found . Others bowed their heads and clenched their hands for those lost , still missing and all who suffered . One woman wept out of guilt because she -- a U.S. citizen -- had been able to leave her devastated homeland a day after the quake , while so many were left behind . Their unshaken faith and devotion to God is the same sort that 's played out in other houses of worship , in living rooms and on the torn-up streets of Haiti . Are you in Haiti and safe ? Share your story , photos with CNN iReport Carmella Delerme of Miami , Florida , said her mother clung to her Bible for days , reading psalms over and over again , as they waited for word on the whereabouts and condition of Delerme 's sister and other relatives . When her sister , who was in Haiti on a missionary trip with their Seventh-day Adventist Church , called late Thursday , Delerme said , "  I went straight to church and prayed and prayed and prayed . We continue to pray for those who are lost and still in need . " On the streets of Port-au-Prince , with many of their churches crumbled , people have gathered to worship and sing Catholic and Protestant hymns . "  That 's the soundscape of the country right now , " said Elizabeth McAlister , a professor of religion and anthropologist of Haiti who teaches at Wesleyan University in Connecticut . "  It 's the business of religion to create meaning out of chaos . ... Tragically , the business of religion is getting a lot of trade today . " See complete coverage of Haiti earthquake It 's often said that 80 percent of Haitians are Catholic , although other estimates range from 55 percent to 85 percent . McAlister , who puts her best estimate at 70 percent , said getting a proper census in Haiti to nail down numbers is impossible . But between Protestant denominations and Catholicism , it is without doubt a majority Christian country , she said . Weaved in , however , are the nuances that come with the country 's troubled history . Colonized by the French , the land then known as Saint-Domingue emerged as one of the wealthiest colonies of the 18th century . It 's flourishing sugar production and aggressive deforestation was achieved on the backs of half a million African slaves . They brought with them their own belief systems , rooted in West and Central African traditions . Haitian Vodou , often misunderstood and branded with stereotypes , has its own ceremonies and rituals meant to honor spirits , or loas . These spirits , seen as intermediaries with God and links to ancestors , can be called upon for help . And for practicing Christians , especially Catholics who can view saints as they would spirits , the two systems do not have to be mutually exclusive . Not everyone is necessarily practicing Vodou , commonly anglicized as Voodoo , but McAlister said the Afro-Creole Haitian traditions are usually kept alive and the ancestral spirits are inherited by at least one member of every family . Haitian-born Leslie Desmangles remembered being hurt as a boy by the words of Christian missionaries who misunderstood and demonized his peoples ' traditions . Theirs were sentiments much like those uttered last week by televangelist Pat Robertson who said the Haitian people are "  cursed " because they "  swore a pact with the devil " to get out from under French rule . Robertson 's comments were "  insensitive , theologically unsound and loaded with racial connotations , " said Desmangles , a professor of religion and international studies at Trinity College in Connecticut . In the Decatur church Sunday , the priest reminded his congregants that theirs is an all-loving God , not a vindictive one . Their God , he said , is in the international outpouring of support from people who , one week ago , did n't know where Haiti was . Their God is a rock of stability when the earth trembles . Their God is the one who lifts them up "  to mend our broken bones , to brush us off and to bury the dead , " Hill said . And during this first Sunday Mass after the earthquake , their God was in the music that moved them . To the distinctly Caribbean sounds of their band and choir , they sang hymns of praise to the one they believe stands with them . "  People continue to be God 's instruments , " the pastor said , with the help of a Creole translator . "  God will work through all of us to bring new life to Haiti . " As he spoke , a little girl , too young to understand the pain around her , did what she could . She planted kisses on the forehead of her anguished father , his face buried in his hands , before skipping off to make fish faces and giggle with other children .	Haitians would be atheists if they questioned faith , given all they 've seen , priest says Instead belief in God remains unshaken , as seen in churches , homes and on streets Haitian Vodou , often misunderstood , is part of people 's rich history Their God is all-loving , not vindictive , priest says in answer to Pat Robertson
CNN  -- A series of text messages tipped off authorities to an alleged Columbine-inspired plot by two high school students to detonate bombs during a school assembly , according to a Utah police document . The plot was uncovered Wednesday at Roy High School in Roy , according to police . "  This was not idle chatter , " Police Chief Greg Winham said Friday . "  There was significant thought , there was significant purpose , and there had been some preplanning and training . " Authorities arrested 18-year-old Dallin Morgan and a 16-year-old boy who , fascinated by the mass 1999 killing at Columbine High School , had interviewed that Colorado school 's principal six weeks earlier . Both suspects are students at the school located in the Ogden suburb , approximately 30 miles north of Salt Lake City . The 16-year-old is currently in a juvenile detention center , and the district attorney has five days to file charges against him , according to Utah State Courts spokeswoman Nancy Volmer . Morgan , meanwhile , faces one felony count of use of a weapon of mass destruction , according to a court document issued Friday . He is set for an initial court appearance on February 2 to hear the charge , according to Volmer . Until then , he 's free on $ 10,000 bond , officials said . Documents released thus far do not indicate that authorities found a bomb , though the 16-year-old did tell police that he 'd previously made a pipe bomb using "  gunpowder and rocket fuel . " The charge that the 18-year-old faces specifies that he "  intentionally or knowingly " either used , possessed or "  conspire  d  to use a weapon of mass destruction or a delivery system for a weapon of mass destruction ; and/or did intentionally aid , assist , encourage , command or solicit another to do the same . " The unnamed person who received the texts that jump-started the investigation -- presumably from the 16-year-old suspect who is not being named because he is a juvenile -- alerted authorities to them , according to a probable cause affidavit . "  If I tell you one day not to go to school , make damn sure you and your brother are not there , " one text message read . "  I get the feeling you know what I 'm planning . " Another message said "  Dallin is in on it . " Other texts explained a plot in which the students would attack others and then make a getaway in a plane , authorities said . "  Explosives , airport , airplane , " one text read , according to the affidavit . "  We ai n't going to crash it , we 're just gon na kill and fly our way to a country that wo n't send us back to the U.S. , " another text states . Police interviewed Morgan , who they said admitted to being part of the plot . School administrators found a map of the high school marking where the security cameras are located , and where their blind spots are , the affidavit says . "  Initial investigative discovery has uncovered a plan to use explosives during a school assembly , " Roy police said in a statement Thursday . "  Maps of the school and information about security systems had been prepared with plans to escape using a plane . " The pair had made use of flight simulation programs in the preparation of their alleged plot , officials said . After the arrests in Roy , authorities searched five locations for evidence , including two vehicles and two homes . The 16-year-old allegedly told police that he was fascinated by the Columbine massacre that occurred nearly 13 years earlier , when gunmen Dylan Klebold and Eric Harris killed a dozen students , a teacher and ultimately themselves . Columbine High Principal Frank DeAngelis sat down for an interview with this Utah teen on December 12 , 2011 , according to police . DeAngelis told Vinnie Politan of CNN 's sister network HLN that he gets requests "  on a regular basis " from people working on student newspapers , term papers and documentaries who want to talk "  about Columbine , school safety , things of that nature . " He recalled that the 16-year-old identified himself as a sophomore and student newspaper editor from Utah , who was "  in town  and  had some questions to ask me . " Describing the teen as "  articulate , " the principal -- who has been at Columbine for 33 years , the last 16 as a principal -- said there were no "  red flags " in his line of questioning . "  He was n't asking about , Can you show me where the bombs were ? Can you show me where people died ? " DeAngelis said Friday . "  It was just , What are you doing ? How do you help your kids ? And things like that . " According to police documents , the 16-year-old later told authorities that he did not want to be compared to the Columbine killers because he was smart enough to kill more people . "  It 's pretty scary what could have happened , " Joe Parrera , whose daughter goes to Roy High School , told HLN 's Politan . "  It 's a big shock to everyone , just to see someone plan something like this . " CNN 's Jim Spellman and Stan Wilson contributed to this report .	NEW : The 18-year-old faces a "  use of weapon of mass destruction " charge NEW : Columbine 's principal notes no "  red flags " when a suspect interviewed him Text messages tipped off authorities to the plot , an affidavit says The pair apparently planned to escape the scene by plane
CNN  -- When I saw the headlines about Sean Hannity getting into a shouting match with a Democratic congressman this week , I assumed the combative and conservative Fox News host had just gone off on him . I was wrong . Hannity was trying to conduct what we in journalism call an interview . But from the first words out of his mouth , Rep. Keith Ellison came prepared to pick a fight . It was good television , I suppose , but it 's hard to say it was enlightening . Ellison began insulting Hannity from the get-go , Hannity pushed back , and the pugilistics were under way . After I criticized Ellison in an online video , Fox-bashers , Hannity-haters and others started with the nasty tweets . But it was Ellison , not Hannity , who had started throwing verbal punches . Said one tweet : "  Even psychotic liberal Howard Kurtz thinks Keith Ellison was out of line with Sean Hannity . "  For the record , I consider myself reasonably sane . Go look at the video and decide for yourself . I 've never been shy about criticizing Hannity for mangling the facts or spouting the GOP 's talking points . But in this case , he was n't at fault . This was n't a situation where both sides were engaged in an argument that grew more heated . Watch : Why media are savaging Marissa Mayer over Yahoo work policy Why would the Minnesota lawmaker launch a premeditated assault ? Perhaps it 's good politics for a liberal Democrat to force a confrontation with Hannity . He can brag to his base about beating up on one of Fox 's most popular pundits . In fact , at least one liberal group is already trying to raise money off the incident -- another example of how unbridled partisanship can be profitable . Ellison told me : "  I stood up to Sean Hannity because of what the sequester will mean for millions of Americans who have already been forced to work harder while they get by with less . If these devastating cuts in the sequester go into effect at the end of this week , three-quarters of a million jobs will be lost . ... "  I have constituents in Minnesota who will lose their jobs because Republicans in Congress are unwilling to close loopholes for yacht owners . The president is not being an ` alarmist in chief ' or ` President Panic ' when he talks about these cuts ; he is leading . " Watch : Why Sean Hannity was n't a ` yellow journalist ' in face-off with congressman A person close to Ellison , who would speak only on condition of anonymity , told me that the congressman allowed Hannity to get under his skin because he felt the host had taken President Barack Obama 's words out of context . Here 's how it got going : Hannity had played a series of brief clips of Obama and began with this highly partisan comment : "  If and when the Obama sequester takes effect on Friday , it 's because the president is more concerned with fear-mongering than finding a solution to the problem that he himself created . " No sooner did he tell Ellison , "  Welcome back , sir , " than the congressman took , shall we say , vigorous issue with Hannity 's opening . "  Quite frankly , you are the worst excuse for a journalist I 've ever seen , " said Ellison , who then accused him of "  yellow journalism . " Hannity 's not a journalist , he 's a commentator paid for his conservative opinions , but let 's not quibble . Ellison was getting revved up again when Hannity tried to make a factual point . "  What the president said was dead-on accurate , and for you to say the president is to blame here is ridiculous . I was there August 2011 when the Republicans , your party , which you shamelessly . ... " Watch : Did White House e-mail really threaten Bob Woodward ? Hannity interrupted : "  I 'm not a Republican , let me correct the record . " "  You are nothing but a Republican , " Ellison said . Hannity got out that he is a conservative , not a registered Republican , whereupon Ellison accused him of being "  a shill for the Republican Party . " Hannity -- who does carry the party 's water most of the time -- allowed Ellison to go on for a couple of minutes . Then he tried to ask a question and the congressman repeatedly talked over him . That is pretty much how it went for the rest of the segment , with Ellison at one point calling Hannity "  immoral . " Ellison accepted the invitation to come on and then showed more interest in name-calling than having a dialogue . Watch : Overreaction ? Conservatives rip Michelle Obama 's Oscars moment The shout fest was , perhaps , a microcosm of what 's become of our media and political dialogue . There is so much noise in Washington that those who want to break through sometimes feel compelled to keep boosting the decibel level . Debate is reduced to each side yelling at each other rather than engaging on the issues . How different was the Hannity/Ellison clash than House Speaker John Boehner telling the Senate to "  get off their ass " and pass a budget ? Obama and the Republicans have kept hurling accusations of bad faith at one another until the automatic budget cuts that both sides once deemed unthinkable loomed . The thinking seems to be : If there 's no possibility of compromise , why not just take potshots and try to win the news cycle ? Most cable news anchors and political players do n't descend to that level . But can anyone deny that the media have contributed to a coarsening of the political culture ? Hannity , who finds new reasons to attack Obama every day , is hardly the poster boy for bipartisanship . But in this instance he did invite a politician with liberal views and attempt to be civil . Maybe they both end up benefiting from standing their ground against a fierce opponent . But it 's viewers who lost out . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz : Sean Hannity-Keith Ellison dust-up made for good TV He says Fox host was just doing interview , and Ellison picked fight on spending cuts He says escalation , name-calling a sad reflection of coarsened political discourse Kurtz : Each man may have stood his ground on principle , but viewers lost out
CNN  -- NATO and Russia have agreed to restart their military relationship , nearly a year after it had been frozen over the war in Georgia , the top NATO official said on Saturday . Russia 's conflict with Georgia in August 2008 strained relations between NATO and Russia . "  The NATO-Russia Council is up and running again also at the political level , " said NATO Secretary - General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer , speaking at a meeting of ministers in Corfu , Greece . Russia is not a member of NATO but is a member of the NATO-Russia Council , formed in 2002 . It consults , coordinates , reaches joint decisions on and carries out joint action with NATO on areas such as terrorism , cooperation on Afghanistan and military exercises . Russia and Georgia fought a five-day war in August 2008 over the breakaway Georgian province of South Ossetia -- the first time Russia sent troops abroad to fight since the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991 . Differences over that conflict and Russia 's subsequent recognition of the breakaway Georgian regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia strained relations between NATO and Russia . While there are differences of opinions regarding Georgia , Scheffer said member states "  share common security interests , " including stability in Afghanistan , arms control , nonproliferation of weapons of mass destruction , and concerns over drug trafficking , piracy and terrorism . Scheffer said officials "  are in the process of examining the current institutional structure of the NATO-Russia Council and have agreed to make it a more efficient and valuable instrument for our political dialogue and practical cooperation . " Scheffer , who is completing his term as NATO head , said it is the latest time he will chair the NATO-Russia Council as well . He said he is "  confident " that the council "  will continue to be an important channel for dialogue and cooperation among its members in the future . "	Secretary-general : NATO-Russia Council "  up and running again " Member states "  share common security interests , " Jaap de Hoop Scheffer says Council gives NATO and Russia opportunity to consult and coordinate activities Russia 's war with Georgia and recognition of breakaway regions strained relations
CNN  -- By the time photographer Luigi Baldelli arrived in Sierra Leone early August , the Ebola epidemic had spread like wildfire . Contagion and death rates grew exponentially during those summer months of seasonal rainstorms while , strangely , an eerie calm prevailed in the capital city of Freetown , he said . That 's when Baldelli , on assignment with Italy 's Corriere della Sera daily , trekked through the muddy roads of the West African nation , straight into the eye of the storm : the village of Kenema on Sierra Leone 's porous border with Liberia and Guinea , an area cordoned off by presidential decree for its alarming rate of Ebola cases . "  Freetown was quiet , " said Baldelli , adding that at the time , there was still a level of denial in the capital . "  Kenema is a place where you had to get a special permission to go there . ... When I arrived , the situation was so tense at the local hospital ... doctors and nurses would not touch anybody , " he said . A bustling diamond hub in West Africa , the trading town of Kenema and its outlying villages by then seemed like an apocalyptic science fiction movie , said Baldelli . Panic was palpable in the streets , lined with health workers in white suits , wallpapering public spaces with alarming bright posters depicting figures vomiting blood , spraying bleach here and there and taking the temperature of anyone suspected of carrying the virus . This new body language in the age of Ebola is unnatural in such a tactile culture , where mourners embrace corpses and people are often seen holding hands . "  In the streets , you do n't shake hands , you just say hello from afar , " said Baldelli . "  Usually people talk about 1 meter away from each other because they are afraid . " But the real horrors , said Baldelli , he witnessed in the makeshift hospitals in the outskirts of Kenema where people suspected of having Ebola were put together in forced quarantine with little food or no access to family members . The state-enforced isolation , however , did n't stop family members from visiting these wards , said Baldelli . Daring fate , sisters , cousins , uncles traveled through the thick forest in order to bring food to family members infected with Ebola , several times a day . "  I tried to take a different point of view about Ebola : not only the cemetery , not only guys with white clothes but the people , but life as it is . I took a picture of two women walking close to each other talking but they do n't touch each other . " Baldelli , who was only allowed to shoot from a distance of a meter or more , said he did not sense there was a great fear of contagion from locals in and near Kenema , at least the kind of hysteria he 'd seen in developing nations . A very physically expressive culture , he said , people from the area found it hard to repress their desire to touch a loved one , heal a family member , kiss a child , frustrating many health officials . "  But it is in the culture of the local people . They touch all the time , " said Baldelli . " And in even smaller villages people follow old traditions . They are not afraid of Ebola because they do n't believe it too much , " he said . "  There is a much bigger relationship between each other in a smaller village . And if someone has Ebola , they are in denial . They say : ` Maybe this is Malaria . ' " The way a nation copes with a monumental crisis such as Ebola is revealing , said Baldelli . There is a lot to learn from their grief . "  They are fatalists , " said Baldelli . "  They continue to live the same kind of life . They wo n't change anything . They are not so afraid . They say we need help , but they continue to go on as it was before , " he said . "  One man said he was sick with Malaria and called a man with a taxi , " said Baldelli . "  This man drove the sick one without any care or precaution and took him to another village . So both of them died of Ebola , " he said . The avalanche of tragic stories are followed by moments of tenderness . And more tragedy . A priest who closed the eyes of a man infected by Ebola only to die a few days later . Mourners who insist on kissing the body of their deceased loved ones . Many who refuse orders not to perform important rites of passage in order not to contract Ebola . "  This is all normal to them , " said Baldelli . Considering that in Sierra Leone more people die from Malaria than Ebola , "  it is normal for a mother to know that if her child reaches the age of 5 , she is very lucky . Because many many children die when they are 2 or 3 years old , " he said . Luigi Baldelli is an Italian photographer . You can follow him on Twitter .	Photographer Luigi Baldelli documented the Ebola epidemic in Sierra Leone in early August Baldelli was only allowed to shoot no less than a meter away from his subjects View high-resolution photos of Baldelli 's Ebola in Sierra Leone project
