CNN  Iraqi forces appear to be slowly closing in on an important tactical victory against ISIS . But as they press forward in their attempt to retake the city of Tikrit from ISIS insurgents , there is an important question that the United States and its allies should be asking : Could this victory actually undermine the only sustainable strategy for ensuring Iraq 's stability ? The reality is that short-term tactical victories wo n't be enough to defeat ISIS , especially as the reliance on Iran-backed Shiite militias is only likely to exacerbate tensions with the largely local Sunni population . Indeed , the crucial ground war component of the campaign has so far been heavily reliant on the Shiite militias , whose track record of sectarian violence is well-documented , and their involvement threatens to drive more Iraqi Sunnis into the arms of ISIS . Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , has said the involvement of these groups "  will only be a problem if it results in sectarianism . " But based on past experience , many locals are understandably more frightened by their designated "  liberators " than they are of the vicious extremists of ISIS who have ruled their towns over the past eight months . Historically , Iraq has n't always needed Shiite militias under Iran 's command to fight Sunni extremists . Al Qaeda was expelled from northern Iraq in 2007 , when its harsh rule antagonized tribal leaders that had supported the anti-U.S. insurgency , prompting them to make common cause with the Americans in what became known as the "  Awakening " movement . Unfortunately , once its goal had been achieved , Baghdad rounded on the Awakening , betraying promises of integration into the national army and polity and instead arresting and killing its leaders along with trusted Sunni elected representatives . The United States looked the other way , deeming it a "  domestic " political matter . That simply emboldened then-Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki to deepen his purge of Sunni elected representatives , and to parlay the 2010 election result into a governing coalition despite his own list drawing fewer votes than a rival bloc that included many Sunni leaders . This undermined the work that the United States had done in persuading Iraq 's Sunnis that fighting al Qaeda and voting in elections was the best way to advance their communal interests . Put simply , al-Maliki 's actions made a mockery of any Sunni confidence in the electoral system or the national government . It was the resulting Sunni alienation that allowed al Qaeda 's successor , ISIS , back into those communities . The growing fear among many Sunnis has been compounded by Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi 's statement to parliament that any Iraqi choosing to stay neutral was effectively aligning themselves with ISIS -- remarks that create an atmosphere that enables violence against ordinary Sunnis , many of whom feel caught between the extremists and a Shiite-led government from which they have been systematically oppressed and alienated . And ISIS has undoubtedly capitalized on the permissive environment created by such alienation , which persists despite the Obama administration having convinced itself that al-Abadi would somehow prove to be more inclusive than his predecessors from the same Shiite Islamist party . All this suggests that the "  Awakening " experience , which showed that Iraqi Sunnis will reject violent extremists if they believe they will get a fair shake from the system for doing so , is as vital as ever to the prospects of defeating ISIS . But the outcome must be different from the last Awakening . Sunnis willing to fight ISIS should be given control over their own affairs in northern Iraq in the way that Kurdish aspirations have been accommodated . The alternative , of relying on sectarian forces to drive out the extremists , is more likely to ensure their return than to prevent it . Getting to a new political order in Iraq that offers the prospect of sustainable stability and progress will require compromise , not only among Iraqis but also among the regional sponsors of its contending factions -- Iraq has become a key battleground in the regional struggle between camps led by Iran and the Saudis . Creating a political order capable of stabilizing Iraq will require a new security "  grand bargain " negotiated between the key stakeholders . Short-term tactical victories wo n't defeat ISIS , and militia involvement will more likely strengthen its appeal . The reality is that ultimately , only a political deal that guarantees Iraqi Sunnis ' inclusion , equality and protection -- one that is implemented by Iran and its allied Iraqi militia -- can resolve the ISIS problem . And unless all of the key stakeholders are willing to negotiate a new way of living together , Iraq is likely to remain a battleground where the United States finds itself inadvertently reinforcing the problem .	Iraqi forces have been involved in an offensive to retake Tikrit Rula Jebreal : Short-term tactical victories wo n't be enough to defeat ISIS
CNN  A U.S. Navy SEAL was killed in a parachute accident in Perris , California , near Riverside , a U.S. Navy official told CNN on Wednesday . He was identified Thursday as Special Warfare Operator 3rd Class Jason Kortz , 29 , of Highlands Ranch , Colorado . "  Jason distinguished himself consistently throughout his career . He was the epitome of the quiet professional in all facets of his life , and he leaves an inspiring legacy of natural tenacity and focused commitment for posterity , " the Navy said in a news release . Kortz joined the SEALs in September after enlisting in the Navy two years earlier . He was married , the Navy said . Initial indications are the parachute failed to open during a jump as part of a training exercise . Kortz was part of a West Coast-based Navy SEAL team .	Navy identifies deceased sailor as Jason Kortz , who leaves behind a wife Statement says he was "  epitome of a quiet professional "
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- An Oakland , California , police officer who was critically wounded in a weekend gunbattle with a suspect has died , the Alameda County Coroner 's Office told CNN on Tuesday . Oakland , California , police Officer John Hege has died after a weekend shooting , a coroner 's office says . John Hege , 41 , had been pronounced brain dead Sunday . Police initially had said he was the fourth officer to die after a gunman opened fire on police in two separate incidents . But they later clarified that while Hege was pronounced brain dead , his body was being kept on life support until a decision could be made on an organ donation . Oakland police did not immediately respond to a CNN query Tuesday on what decision was made . However , the San Francisco Chronicle quoted Hege 's father , John S. Hege , as saying his son 's organs would be donated . After the officers were shot , the alleged gunman -- Lovelle Mixon , 26 , of Oakland -- was fatally shot in a gunbattle with SWAT officers in a nearby apartment complex where he was hiding . Authorities said Saturday night that Mixon had an extensive criminal history and was in violation of parole for assault with a deadly weapon . Watch how violence plagues Oakland " The incidents began about 1 p.m. Saturday  4 p.m. ET  in east Oakland , when two motorcycle officers tried to pull over a car for a "  fairly routine traffic stop , " said Dave Kozicki , deputy police chief . Immediately afterward , emergency dispatchers received reports that two officers had been shot , were down at the scene and needed help , he said . Those officers were Hege and Sgt. Mark Dunakin , 40 , an 18-year veteran of the force . Dunakin died Saturday . Soon after the first shooting , police launched an intense manhunt to track down the gunman . An anonymous caller directed authorities to a building on an adjacent street where he was believed to be barricaded , said acting Police Chief Howard Jordan . The gunman opened fire on SWAT officers who entered the apartment , hitting two more officers , before police returned fire , killing the suspect , Jordan said . Those two officers -- Sgt. Ervin Romans , 43 , and Sgt. Daniel Sakai , 35 -- were also killed . Police said Romans had been with the department since 1996 and Sakai since 2000 . A fifth officer was treated at a hospital and released after being grazed by a bullet , police spokesman Jeff Thomason said Saturday . It was the deadliest attack on California law enforcement since 1970 , when four California Highway Patrol officers were shot and killed by two men in the Santa Clarita Valley , the Chronicle said . On Monday , police said in a statement that a "  tentative match " had been established to Mixon from evidence recovered from a February sexual assault . "  Mixon is the primary suspect in the sexual assault case , " the statement said . "  OPD is continuing our investigation into this matter . " However , the statement said , "  a tentative match is not a 100 percent match ; it is considered to be a probable match . Further tests will be done on the DNA in question . " California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , in a statement Saturday , said flags at the state capitol would be flown at half-staff in honor of the officers .	Officer was brain dead Sunday , kept on life support pending organ decision John Hege , three other officers fatally wounded Saturday Officer 's organs will be donated , father tells newspaper Suspect killed in gunbattle may be linked to sexual assault , police say
CNN  -- The arrest in Serbia of Ratko Mladic brings to an end a 16-year man hunt for the highest profile suspect still at large from the Balkan wars of the 1990s . Here is a timeline of key dates in Mladic 's involvement in military action in the former Yugoslavia , his subsequent indictment for war crimes and the efforts to bring him to justice . 1992 : After helping found the Serbian Democratic Party in 1990 , Bosnian Serb Radovan Karadzic declares a new independent Serbian Republic of Bosnia-Herzegovina and proclaims himself president . Mladic gets command of the Bosnian Serb army which the majority of Bosnia and Herzegovina . His troops reportedly massacre more than 200,000 Muslims and Croats . April 23 , 1995 : The United Nations International Criminal Tribunal names Karadzic and Mladic as suspected war criminals . July 11 , 1995 : In what becomes known as the Srebrenica massacre , Karadzic and his army allegedly slaughter between 6,000 and 8,000 Muslims over the course of two days in a supposed U.N. safe area . July 24 , 1995 : The U.N. Tribunal indicts both Karadzic and Mladic on several charges , including war crimes , genocide and crimes against humanity . November 16 , 1995 : A second indictment against Karadzic and Mladic brings charges of genocide and crimes against humanity for the Srebrenica massacre . November 21 , 1995 : An agreement struck in Dayton , Ohio , gives Serbs half of Bosnia . They are required to cooperate with the U.N. war crimes court . 1997 : Karadzic believed to be in permanent hiding after not being seen for more than a year . June 28 , 2001 : Former Yugoslavian President Slobodan Milosevic is handed over to U.N. Tribunal . July 21 , 2008 : Karadzic arrested after more than a decade as a fugitive from war crimes charges . June 16 , 2010 : Mladic 's family launches court proceedings to have him legally declared dead saying he had been in poor health and there had been no contact with him . October 28 , 2010 : Serbia raises its reward for information leading to Mladic 's arrest from $ 1 million to $ 14 million . May 26 , 2011 : Serbian President Boris Tadic announces the arrest of Mladic .	Ratko Mladic rose to prominence in 1992 as commander of Bosnian Serb army Mladic was the highest-ranking Yugoslav war crimes suspect still at large He is wanted on charges of genocide , extermination and murder
Washington  CNN  -- A custody battle involving the "  best interests " of a 3-year-old Cherokee girl was taken up by the U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday , an issue spanning the rights of adoptive parents and the desire to preserve Native American families within tribes . Oral arguments played out in emotional terms , with Justice Anthony Kennedy admitting "  domestic relations pose the hardest problems for judges . ... If we could appoint King Solomon , who was the first domestic relations judge , as a special master , we would do it . But we ca n't . " Several parties have a stake in what happens to this girl : Her biological mother and father , the adoptive parents , the federal government , the Oklahoma-based tribe , and a legal guardian appointed by the state to represent the child 's interests . The appeal was filed by Matt and Melanie Capobianco , who legally adopted Veronica in 2009 , shortly after the birth mother agreed to give up the child . The South Carolina Supreme Court in July ruled for the biological father , Dusten Brown , who had sought custody after the child 's birth . He is a registered member of the Cherokee Nation and is raising the child in Oklahoma . Brown had earlier signed a legal document agreeing to put the girl up for adoption , but his attorneys say he did not understand the extent of the waiver , and that the birth mother misrepresented the child 's American Indian heritage to social service workers when the adoption was finalized . At issue is whether Brown , as the onetime non-custodial father , can gain parental custody , after the non-Indian mother initiated an adoption outside the tribe . A special congressional law governs such interstate adoptions , since the current 556 federally recognized-tribes all fall under Interior Department oversight , giving those tribes certain unique benefits and rights . The Capobiancos lawyers say federal law does not define an unwed biological father as a "  parent . " While a thin majority may conclude Brown deserves custody , the high court was clearly torn by the conflicting applications of state and federal law . "  If the choice is between a mother , a biological father , or a stranger , and if the father 's fit , " asked Justice Sonia Sotomayor , "  why do you think that the federal statute requires that it be given to a stranger rather than to the biological father when the statute defines ` parent ' as the biological father ? " But Chief Justice John Roberts questioned the assertion Brown was initially enthused about becoming a father . "  There is no doubt he paid nothing during the pregnancy and nothing at the time of the birth , to support the child or the mother , " he said . "  So he was excited by it ; he just did n't want to take any responsibility . " The federal law in question is the Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978 , a response to decades of often abusive social service practices that resulted in the separation of large numbers of native youngsters from their families , in many cases to non-Indian homes . The legislation was designed to "  promote the stability and security of Indian tribes and Indian families by the establishment of minimum federal standards to prevent the arbitrary removal of Indian children from their families and tribes and to ensure that measures which prevent the breakup of Indian families are followed in child custody proceedings . " Brown 's relationship within the "  federally recognized government " of the Cherokee Nation means Veronica is a member of the tribe and subject to its jurisdiction . "  It 's not anyone 's intent ever to rip a child away from a loving home , " said Todd Hembree , the Tahlequah , Oklahoma-based tribe 's attorney general . "  But we want to make sure those loving homes have the opportunity to be Indian homes first . " As with many custody fights , there is wide factual disagreement over the circumstances of both the couple 's breakup and subsequent adoption of the child . Opposing sides even disagree on what legal issues the high court should address . The Capobiancos think the issue should be about whether the ICWA law can improperly block adoption proceedings voluntarily initiated by a non-Indian mother who had sole custody of her child , due to what the adoptive parents say is the Indian father 's failure to establish a legal parent-child relationship under state law . But Brown argues that he successfully established paternity under state law , and qualifies as a "  parent " under the ICWA , thereby giving him proper control and custody of his daughter . He said in legal papers that the child was conceived when the couple was engaged . But he claims that the biological mother , who claims Hispanic heritage , broke off the now-strained relationship by text message . He agreed to relinquish his parental rights in exchange for not paying child support , but said the mother never indicated she intended unilaterally to give the child up for adoption . And Brown claims the biological mother tried to "  conceal " his Indian heritage during the adoption process with the Capobiancos , who live in Charleston , South Carolina . Establishing such heritage would normally make it very difficult for the Cherokee Nation and state social services to agree to any non-Indian adoption and removal from the state . On the flip side , without that designation , state law would have made it hard for Brown to get custody . By this time , Brown went to Iraq on a one-year deployment in the U.S. Army , making it hard to press his custody claims . Veronica lived with the Capobiancos for two years before the high court in South Carolina ruled for the father . Brown took his daughter back to Bartlesville , Oklahoma , on New Year 's Eve 2011 . The state 's top court that ruled in his favor said Brown had "  a deeply embedded relationship " with his American Indian heritage , in which Veronica will be raised . But the Capobiancos point to another part of the state court 's conclusion : That despite a ruling against them , they were "  ideal parents who have exhibited the ability to provide a loving family environment . " That court said its hands were tied , and that federal law trumped state law . "  Our lives have been turned upside down and our home is empty with her , " Melanie Capobianco told CNN last month . "  What would any parent feel like if their child had been removed out of their home abruptly and with no contact whatsoever ? It 's unbearable . " In arguments , attorney Lisa Blatt representing the Capobiancos , warned a ruling against her clients would discourage interracial adoption . "  You are relegating adopted parents to go to the back of the bus and wait in line if they want to adopt " a native American child , she said . "  And you 're basically relegating the child to a piece of property with a sign that says , ` Indian -- keep off . Do not disturb . " Blatt said the father 's initial agreement to give up his parental rights meant he forfeited any subsequent efforts to establish custody , when the child was already in a happy , stable home environment . But several justices questioned her assertion the law 's intent to protect against the "  breakup of the Indian family " did not apply to a man whose only initial relationship to the girl was one of biology . "  It seems to me he 's the father , the other woman 's the mother , that 's the Indian family " protected under the federal law , said Justice Antonin Scalia . "  The father , the mother , and the kid . " Brown 's attorney Charles Rothfeld later said state courts made a thorough best interest determination . Yet some on the bench noted the girl and her biological father were listed in legal documents as being less than 1 percent Cherokee . "  Is it one drop of -LSB- Indian -RSB- blood that triggers all these extraordinary rights ? " asked Roberts . The Obama administration is supporting the birth father and the continued use of the ICWA law . As a single mother with two other young children , the biological mother felt she had no choice but to give her daughter up for adoption , said a legal brief filed by her lawyers . They say she complied with the adoption laws in both states and with the tribe . The couple also says they long wanted to be parents and had seven unsuccessful attempts at in vitro fertilization . She is a child developmental psychologist and he is an automotive body technician . They were in the room when Veronica was born , and had an "  open " adoption , meaning the biological mother could and did maintain a relationship with Veronica . Both the Capobiancos and Brown attend the court arguments Tuesday but did not acknowledge the other . Brown told CNN afterward he was looking forward to getting back home to Oklahoma to see his daughter . "  She 's asking for me to be there , " he said . Now married to another woman since June , the father says Veronica is in a happy , stable environment in Oklahoma . His attorney John Nichols said Brown "  has done as much as humanely possible to get his daughter and keep her . He wants to raise that child . " The case is Adoptive Couple v. Baby Girl , a Minor Child Under the Age of Fourteen Years  12-399  . A decision is expected in June .	Cherokee Indian man won custody of his biological daughter South Carolina couple 's appeal being heard by high court A federal law meant to protect Indian family breakup is key to the case Sides disagree over biological father 's rights
London  CNN  -- A British businessman who is accused of having his wife killed during their honeymoon in South Africa was given two more weeks to prepare his defense against extradition , a judge ruled Thursday . Shrien Dewani 's next hearing will be February 8 , the judge ruled . He is free on bail until that date , when the timing of the extradition hearing will be set . Dewani is accused of hiring a crew of hitmen to kill his wife during a taxi ride in Cape Town , South Africa in November . Dewani 's wife , Anni Dewani , died in an apparent carjacking as the couple took a taxi ride in a crime-ridden neighborhood of Cape Town . Dewani was allowed to leave South Africa , but prosecutors there later accused him of hiring the hitmen to kill Anni . Dewani 's lawyers say he is innocent and will fight extradition . Granting him bail in December , British Judge Duncan Ousely rejected concerns from the South African government that Dewani would use his funds and international connections to flee before an extradition hearing . Ben Watson , a lawyer for the South African government , cited hotel surveillance video that he said showed Dewani twice meeting with a cab driver as the sort of evidence indicating Dewani 's involvement in a plot against his wife . But Ousely ruled that Dewani , who did not attend the hearing , had a genuine interest in clearing his name and said he has cooperated with investigators from both England and South Africa . Dewani 's solicitor , Andrew Katzen , said he was "  delighted " with the outcome but declined further comment following the court hearing . In documents , prosecutors detail meetings that Dewani had with the taxicab driver during which he allegedly paid the driver 15,000 South African rand  $ 2,170  to have hitmen kill his wife and make it look like a carjacking . "  The alleged hijacking was in fact not a hijacking , but part of a plan of subterfuge which Shrien Dewani , the husband of the deceased and the accused , had designed to conceal the true facts ... that the deceased was murdered at the instance of the husband , " South African prosecutors wrote in court documents . The court documents do not say why Dewani allegedly wanted his wife dead . The driver , Zola Tongo , was sentenced to 18 years in prison in South Africa after admitting to taking part in the killing . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen and Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report .	Shrien Dewani is accused of staging a carjacking to have his wife killed The killing took place in South Africa , which is seeking his extradition from the UK He denies staging the killing He 's next due in court on February 8
CNN  -- Despite the obvious claims of younger rivals Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi , few can really argue with the 96 football journalists who voted Ricardo Izecson dos Santos Leite as the 2007 World Footballer of the Year . Brazilian genius Kaka fully deserves winning the 2007 World Footballer of the Year award . The prestigious Ballon d'Or award is widely regarded as the most prestigious individual prize in football and Kaka 's inclusion on its coveted roll of honor is a testament to the 25-year-old Brazilian 's current standing in world football . When AC Milan defeated Liverpool in the Champions League final in Athens , avenging their heartbreaking loss to the same team in Istanbul two years previously , it enabled Kaka to fulfill his dream of holding aloft Europe 's premier trophy -- a winner 's medal he fully deserved after a sublime 90-minute performance . Kaka 's stock for both club and country has risen steadily since his move to the San Siro from Sao Paulo for a fee of just $ 8.5 million in the summer of 2003 . Unlike many a Brazilian sporting genius , Kaka did not hone his skills on the beach or the streets of a favela shanty town . He was born into a comfortable middle class Brasilia family , where football was not the only hope of a bright future . However , it soon became clear that this particular boy had a very special skill and he was signed by Sao Paulo , after his family had moved there , at just eight years of age -- making his first team debut as an 18-year-old . Kaka 's progress was soon picked up by his national team coach and Felipe Scolari named the graceful midfielder in his 23-man squad for the 2002 World Cup finals , earning him a winners ' medal despite playing only 19 minutes of the tournament in a group match against Costa Rica . A year later , and Kaka was on his way to Milan . Within a month he had made the starting line-up and his 10 goals helped the Rossoneri lift the Scudetto and the European Super Cup . Throughout his career , Kaka has always possessed the innate ability to score goals -- his record for both club and country sees him average roughly a goal every three games . Yet to describe Kaka merely as a goalscoring midfielder would be doing him a massive injustice . Tall , elegant and blessed with astonishing skill , Milan and Brazil utilize Kaka 's ability superbly . Milan coach Carlo Ancelotti soon recognized Kaka 's genius , changing his team 's system to a 4-4-1-1 , playing the Brazilian behind a main target man . With Andrea Pirlo and Gennaro Gattuso holding the central midfield area , Kaka has a license to roam in behind the lone striker , be it Filippo Inzaghi , Ronaldo or Alberto Gilardino . And Kaka does this with devastating effect , running at the opposition with pace and power , finding defense-splitting passes or shooting from range with deadly accuracy be it from a dead-ball situation or open play . The fly in the ointment for Milan comes in the shape of their poor form this season . Although they have already reached the last 16 of the Champions League , the club are floundering in Serie A and face the unthinkable prospect of not qualifying for next season 's competition unless they win the trophy . Real Madrid have coveted Kaka for the last two years -- expect the world transfer record to be smashed if Milan do n't secure a place among Europe 's elite . E-mail to a friend	Kaka deservedly named World Player of the Year for the first time in his career The Brazilian beats Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi in the journalists ' vote The 25-year-old averages one goal in three games for both AC Milan and Brazil
CNN  -- Schools of robotic fish could one day map the ocean floor , detect pollution or inspect and survey submerged boats or oil and gas pipelines , researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology say . MIT researcher Pablo Valdivia Alvarado works in his lab on a robotic fish he co-created . MIT engineers are showing off the latest generation of so-called robofish 15 years after they built the first one . The latest incarnation is sleeker , more streamlined and capable of mimicking the movements of a real fish . And it 's capable of exploring underwater terrain submersibles ca n't , said Pablo Valdivia Alvarado , a mechanical engineer at the school . "  Some of our sponsors were thinking of using them for inspection and surveillance , " Alvarado said . "  Since these prototypes are very cheap , the idea was to build hundreds -- 200 , 500 -- and then just release them in a bay or at a port , and they would be roaming around taking measurements . " MIT researchers built their first robotic fish , "  Robotuna , " in 1994 . But Robotuna has gone the way of the dinosaur . Alvarado said the new generation -- modeled after bass and trout -- cost only a few hundred dollars and have only 10 parts instead of the thousands used in Robotuna . At five to 18 inches , the new fish is much smaller than Robotuna and built from a single , soft polymer . And unlike Robotuna , the fish is able to be released in the oceans . "  Most of the brains , the electronics , are embedded inside , " said Alvarado , who designed the robofish with fellow MIT engineer Kamal Youcef-Toumi . "  We have built prototypes with the battery inside , but for my experiments , for simplicity . We have a lot of prototypes that are simply tethered . We have a cable that runs out from the body and connects to a power supply . " The new generation has withstood harsh conditions in the lab , including two years of testing inside tanks filled with tap water , which is corrosive to standard robots , according to Alvarado , who says the Robotuna inspired him to take the technology to the next level . The oil exploration company Schlumberger helped fund the research , but Alvarado says the U.S. Navy has also expressed interest in the robofish . MIT 's mechanical engineers are now turning their attention to new challenges : A robotic manta ray and a terrestrial robot in the form of a salamander . CNN 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	Engineers at MIT have created a new generation of robotic fish ` Robofish ' could be used to map the ocean floor , inspect submerged boats or pipes MIT researchers built their first robotic fish , "  Robotuna , " in 1994 New robofish are modeled after bass and trout and cost only a few hundred dollars
CNN  -- Throughout history , the greatest artists have relied on their muses to inspire , enchant and satisfy them . Pablo Picasso immortalized mistress Dora Maar in his 1937 painting Weeping Woman , Andy Warhol catapulted model Edie Sedgwick to "  It Girl " status in his 1960s avant-garde films , while Leonardo da Vinci made the woman behind his "  Mona Lisa " perhaps the most famous muse of all time . But the elusive figure of the muse does n't always have to be that of a beautiful woman . The dark beauty with flowing locks and sinewy limbs depicted in artist Michael Kirkbride 's latest painting is n't a luscious lady -- it 's a horse . Not just any horse , but arguably the greatest race horse of all time . Since demolishing the field in his first major win at the Royal Lodge Stakes in 2010 , an air of mystique has followed world champion thoroughbred Frankel . The superstar colt , who even has its own twitter handle , has not just won all 14 of his races -- he has won them by staggering margins , destroying world-class fields , becoming by a distance the top-rated race horse on the planet . In his last race , the thoroughbred won the Champion Stakes at Ascot , with a sell-out crowd of 32,000 catching a final glimpse of the now-celebrity horse as as he powered to a dramatic victory . Writer Blaine Ward 's personal "  Frankel moment " came earlier in the horse 's stellar career , an experience which later paved the way for artist Kirkbride to paint his unusual surrealist work . "  I had been watching last year 's 2000 Guineas race on TV when Frankel just pounded the other horses into the ground , " said Ward . "  He easily won by a good six lengths -- none of the others even came close . "  In my mind 's eye I saw Frankel smashing through the screen into my living room ; this powerful , beautiful , almost mythical beast . " A 51-year-old former solicitor from Sunderland in north-east England , Blaine was so moved by Frankel 's win he wrote a poem about the centaur-like creature bursting into his suburban home in a blaze of glory . It read in part : "  Then a smell of burnt air mixed with horse-flesh when the telly exploded in his face as the Frankel centaur burst in green and pink silk , fluid powerful grace . " It was a special sporting moment and had a profound effect on Ward , who described Frankel 's win as akin to watching boxer Muhammad Ali or footballer Lionel Messi in action . "  It was one of those rare times when you get a sense you 've just witnessed somebody or something at the very pinnacle of sporting prowess , " he said . "  Mere words are never good enough to do it justice . " And so Ward enlisted Kirkbride , a lecturer at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London  RADA  to paint the champion horse powering into a suburban living room , knocking Ward and his wife from their chairs and spilling their afternoon gin and tonics to the floor . "  The result is a surreal cocktail of his words and my interpretation in art form , " Kirkbride said . "  The modern domestic scene is shattered by the magisterial beast that is Frankel . " Kirkbride painted the work , called "  Armchair Ride , " in egg tempura ; a mixture of colored pigment and egg yolk which dates back to the 1st Century . The method , which gives a luminous quality , was later superseded by oil painting around the 15th Century . "  It has a kind of stained glass quality to it , like shining a light from behind , " said Kirkbride . "  The pinks and blues of Frankel 's silks are quite strong and I thought they really lent themselves to the medium . " Kirkbride is perhaps best known for his paintings of English football scenes , such as "  Chech Mates , " which captures the unusual tradition of Chelsea fans throwing celery , or "  Bar Kick , " which portrays sporting revelry in a pub . After Saturday though , and Kirkbride will be painting fabulous Frankel smashing not just a TV screen , but the record books all over again .	From Picasso 's Dora Maar to Andy Warhol 's Edie Sedgwick , muses inspire great artists But muses are n't always beautiful women -- sometimes they 're a horse Champion thoroughbred Frankel inspires poem and painting ahead of last race Arguably world 's greatest race horse secured 14th win at Ascot 's Champions Stakes
CNN  -- William "  Kyle " Carpenter lost most of his jaw and an eye when he fell on a grenade to shield a fellow Marine from the blast . His body shattered , one lung collapsed , the Marine lance corporal was nearly given up for dead after that 2010 Afghanistan firefight . Then he spent 2Â 1/2 years in a hospital as doctors worked to rebuild his body . But if you think he 's bitter , think again . "  I look back and I 'm actually very appreciative I had those two and a half years , because those years put things in perspective more than a whole lifetime of things could if I was n't there , " Carpenter said , according to the Marine Corps . On Monday , the White House announced he would become the eighth living veteran of U.S. combat in Iraq and Afghanistan to receive the Medal of Honor , the nation 's highest military award . He 'll receive the medal on June 19 , the White House said . Carpenter was wounded in Helmand province , Afghanistan , on November 21 , 2010 , while serving as a machine gunner , according to the White House . Carpenter and another Marine were manning a rooftop position during a firefight with Taliban insurgents when a hand grenade landed nearby , the Marine Corps said . According to the Marine Corps , Carpenter rushed toward the grenade and his body took most of the blast . The other Marine , Lance Cpl. Nicholas Eufrazio , also was injured . In a Defense Department video , Carpenter said he had to be revived while being evacuated by helicopter from the battle and was labeled dead on arrival at a field hospital . He later nearly died again at Walter Reed Army Medical Center , he said . "  The enemy killed me . I came back , ran a marathon , completed a mud run and jumped from a plane . I wo n't ever quit . I am just getting started , " he said in the video . Carpenter , medically retired from the Marine Corps last year as a corporal , is now a student at the University of South Carolina in Columbia , the White House said . After braving gunfire to save comrades , Army vet gets highest U.S. military honor	Former Marine Cpl. William "  Kyle " Carpenter will receive the Medal of Honor on June 19 He took a grenade blast in Afghanistan , shielding a fellow Marine , the White House says He will be the eighth living Iraq , Afghanistan veteran to receive the award "  I am just getting started , " he says in a Defense Department video
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Six car bombings in four hours killed 48 people and wounded 81 in various Baghdad neighborhoods Wednesday , according to Iraq 's Interior Ministry . Iraqi soldiers survey one of the Baghdad marketplaces where car bombs detonated Wednesday . In a separate incident , five people were killed and three wounded by a roadside bomb south of Baghdad , a ministry official said . Most of the deaths came when three car bombs parked at separate but nearby marketplaces exploded in quick succession in the eastern Baghdad Shiite neighborhood of Sadr City , killing at least 45 people and injuring at least 68 , the ministry official said . Three other car bombings followed . Two of those , outside a Shiite mosque in the Hurriya district of northern Baghdad , killed three people and wounded eight . The bombs exploded in close succession shortly before 9 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  . A third a few hours earlier injured at least five civilians in a predominantly Shiite area of southwestern Baghdad , according to the ministry . Wednesday 's series of bombings echoed an incident earlier this month , when seven car bombs detonated within about four hours . The U.S. military blamed al Qaeda in Iraq for what it called coordinated attacks . Sadr City is a heavily populated Shiite area , with an estimated 2.5 million people packed into a 25-square-kilometer area . The district was a stronghold of Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr 's Mehdi Army , but most of the fighters went underground after fierce fighting in April 2008 . In a seventh bombing Wednesday night , at least five people died and three were wounded south of Baghdad , a ministry official said . A roadside bomb struck a minibus in Hor Rajab , a predominantly Sunni area on the southern outskirts of Baghdad . The casualties were all civilians , the official said . There has been an uptick in bombings and attacks in recent weeks , mainly targeting Shiites and Shiite areas . Last Thursday and Friday , five suicide bombings , as well as other attacks in Baghdad and Diyala province , left almost 160 people dead and 275 wounded . Earlier Wednesday , U.S. and Iraqi troops were ambushed in northern Iraq , according to Maj. Derrick Cheng , spokesman for the U.S. military 's Multi-National Division-North . The troops were on a joint mission in Riyadh , southwest of Kirkuk , where coalition forces are working with local police to provide micro-grants to small businesses , Cheng said . Several individuals attacked the troops using at least one grenade and small arms fire , he said . Cheng said two of the attackers reportedly were killed and another two were wounded . A woman reportedly was injured by shrapnel from the grenade , but was treated and released , he said . A soldier was reported wounded but was in good condition , Cheng said . So far this month , 15 U.S. soldiers have died in Iraq , compared to nine in March -- most of those in non-combat-related incidents . March 's death toll was the lowest monthly toll for the U.S. military since the war began 2003 . The Riyadh incident comes at a time of heightened tension between the U.S. military and the Iraqi government , after two Iraqis were killed during a military raid south of Baghdad on Sunday . Iraqi state TV reported that Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki accused U.S. troops of violating the security agreement between the two countries with the raid in Wasit province . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Six car bombs explode in Baghdad , Iraq 's Interior Ministry says Separate roadside bombing south of Baghdad kills five civilians , official says U.S. , Iraqi troops ambushed in northern Iraq ; two attackers killed , U.S. military says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The Miss Universe organization announced Tuesday it is ending its ban on transgender contestants after coming under scrutiny recently when a Canadian competitor was told she would be disqualified because she was born male . Miss Universe officials insist the change is in spite of , not because of , legal threats from women 's rights lawyer Gloria Allred made on behalf of contestant Jenna Talackova . "  We made the decision two days before we even heard that  Allred  was involved , " pageant owner Donald Trump told CNN Monday . "  Had I known she was involved , maybe I would n't have made that decision because she 's easy to beat . " Allred launched a blistering attack on Trump at a news conference a week ago , saying his pageant had no right to question Talackova 's sexuality . "  She did not ask Mr. Trump to prove that he is a naturally born man or to see photos of his birth to view his anatomy to prove that he was male , " Allred said . In a Twitter posting Monday , Trump called Allred a "  third rate lawyer " who "  actually hurts Jenna . " "  Is Gloria a man or a woman ???? -- few men would know the answer to that one , " Trump tweeted in a personal retort to Allred . Allred did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for a response to Trump 's attack . The Miss Universe Pageant announced last week that Talackova , 23 , could compete provided "  she meets the legal gender recognition requirements of Canada , and the standards established by other international competitions . " Allred had criticized that announcement , saying the conditions were "  ambigious . " Trump later said Talackova could compete without conditions , but stopped short of a permanent rule change . Miss Universe President Paula Shugart , in a statement released Tuesday , said the credit for lifting the ban should go to the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation  GLAAD  , not Allred . "  The decision to include transgender women in our beauty competitions is a result of our ongoing discussions with GLAAD and not Jenna 's legal representation , which if anything delayed the process , " Shugart said . "  We have a long history of supporting equality for all women , and this was something we took very seriously . " Shugart joined GLAAD in a joint announcement Tuesday that the Miss Universe Organization "  is close to finalizing an official policy change that will allow women who are transgender to participate in its beauty competitions . " Discussions between the pageant and GLAAD began last month after news reports that Talackova had been disqualified from the Miss Canada Universe competition after winning a regional title , the joint statement said . The resulting change opens this fall 's 2013 pageant season to transgender women , it said . "  For more than two weeks , the Miss Universe Organization and Mr. Trump made it clear to GLAAD that they were open to making a policy change to include women who are transgender , " said GLAAD spokesman Herndon Graddick . "  We appreciate that  Trump  and his team responded swiftly and appropriately , " Graddick said . Talackova , a 6-foot-1-inch blond Canadian , underwent sexual reassignment surgery four years ago . In a 2010 interview , she said she knew she was a girl at age 4 . She said she started hormone therapy at age 14 and underwent sexual reassignment surgery at 19 . She won a regional beauty crown qualifying her for Canada 's national title , but she was then told the Miss Canada Universe pageant in Toronto on May 19 was only open to "  naturally born females . " "  I am a woman , " Talackova said in a prepared statement she read to reporters in Allred 's conference room last week . "  I was devastated and I felt that excluding me for the reason that they gave was unjust . "	The pageant group says the decision came before Gloria Allred made legal threats Allred attacked the pageant for disqualifying Jenna Talackova because she was born a man The change opens the 2013 pageant season to transgender women
CNN  -- A California judge has dismissed former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega 's lawsuit against the creators of the "  Call of Duty " video game franchise . "  This court concludes that Noriega 's right of publicity is outweighed by defendants ' First Amendment right to free expression , " Judge William H. Fahey of the Los Angeles Superior Court said in an order Monday . Noriega -- who 's serving a prison sentence in Panama after being convicted of drug trafficking , money laundering and killing political opponents -- had argued that the 2012 video game "  Call of Duty : Black Ops II " damaged his reputation . Creators of the video game called the lawsuit "  frivolous " and "  absurd . " They filed a motion to dismiss it , arguing that Noriega 's portrayal in the game is protected by the Constitution . "  This ruling is an important victory and we thank the court for protecting free speech , " said former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani , attorney for video game creator Activision Blizzard Inc. . "  This was an absurd lawsuit from the very beginning and we 're gratified that in the end , a notorious criminal did n't win , " Giuliani said in a statement Tuesday . "  This is not just a win for the makers of ` Call of Duty , ' but is a victory for works of art across the entertainment and publishing industries throughout the world . " Noriega , 80 , filed the lawsuit in Los Angeles County Superior Court in July , arguing that his portrayal "  as a kidnapper , murderer and enemy of the state " in the video game harmed his reputation . Since the company used his image and name , the lawsuit said Noriega was entitled to a share of the profits from the video game . What now ? "  At this time , we are still reviewing the court 's order and conferring with our client to determine our next steps , " attorney William T. Gibbs , who represents Noriega , said in an email Tuesday . Manuel Noriega sues over ` Call of Duty ' video game In 2012 , Activision Blizzard said "  Call of Duty : Black Ops II " had netted more than $ 1 billion in sales worldwide in its first months on the market . The video game includes historical footage and several real-life characters in Cold War scenarios , including former Marine Lt. Col. Oliver North . But while North did his own voiceover for the game and acted as an adviser , Noriega said in the July lawsuit that he was n't consulted -- or compensated -- for the use of his likeness . "  Call of Duty " video games take storylines from current headlines , and its characters are based on historical figures , from former Cuban leader Fidel Castro to David Petraeus , the retired general and former CIA director . In a statement Tuesday , Activision Blizzard described the game as historical fiction and said Noriega 's lawsuit could have had far-reaching consequences if it had n't been thrown out . "  In the unlikely event the lawsuit had been permitted to proceed , Noriega 's efforts could have provided numerous historical and political figures a veto right over their appearances in works of art , having a chilling effect on everything from movies like Forrest Gump and Zero Dark Thirty , to television programs including Saturday Night Live and Boardwalk Empire and even to popular books such as The Paris Wife , " the statement said . In court documents , Noriega said he learned about the video game from his grandchildren , who told him that his image and likeness were being used . "  Noriega fails to provide any evidence of harm to his reputation , " Fahey said in his ruling . "  Indeed , given the world-wide reporting of his actions in the 1980s and early 1990s , it is hard to imagine that any such evidence exists . " For almost two decades , Noriega was a major player in a country of critical regional importance to the United States because of its location on the Panama Canal , the key strategic and economic waterway between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans on the narrow isthmus linking the Americas . Amid growing unrest in Panama , then-U.S. President George H.W. Bush ordered the invasion of the Central American nation in December 1989 , saying Noriega 's rule posed a threat to U.S. lives and property . 12 more real people who appeared in video games Noriega fled his offices and tried to seek sanctuary in the Vatican Embassy in Panama City . He surrendered in January 1990 and was escorted to the United States for civilian trial . Noriega was indicted in the United States on charges of racketeering , laundering drug money and drug trafficking . He was accused of having links to Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar 's notorious Medellin cartel and , in the process , amassing a multimillion-dollar fortune . He was convicted of drug trafficking and other crimes and served nearly two decades in prison . In 2010 , a French court sentenced Noriega to seven years in prison for laundering 2.3 million euros  $ 2.9 million  through banks there . He was ordered to pay the money back . In Panama , where he was convicted of killing political opponents , he has been hospitalized several times since he returned in 2011 to serve out his prison sentence . CNN 's Leigh Remizowski , Stella Chan and Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	NEW : Noriega 's attorney says he 's reviewing the court order , conferring over next steps A judge says the First Amendment protects the creators of "  Call of Duty " games Ruling : "  Noriega fails to provide any evidence of harm to his reputation " Manuel Noriega had argued he was entitled to part of the profits since his likeness was used
CNN  -- A New Jersey man whose efforts to gain custody of his son in Brazil attracted international attention may have finally gotten his wish . David Goldman has been fighting for custody of his son , Sean , since his mother took him to Brazil in 2004 . David Goldman 's lawyer , Patricia Apy , said Monday night that a Brazilian federal court has ruled that Goldman 's son should be returned to the United States . Apy said she found out Monday afternoon about the court 's decision , which calls for 8-year-old Sean Goldman to be turned over to the U.S. Consulate in Rio de Janeiro on Wednesday . Apy said David Goldman was traveling to Brazil and was expected to arrive in Rio de Janeiro early Tuesday morning . Sean 's mother , who was Brazilian , divorced Goldman , and in 2004 returned to Brazil with Sean . She died in 2008 while giving birth to another child . Sean was was being raised in Brazil by his stepfather . Apy said that Goldman was "  very happy " at the news , and that it had been "  a long five years . " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton referred to the case Monday , telling reporters , "  I also wanted just to take this opportunity to recognize the decision by the Brazilian federal court today ordering a young American boy , Sean Goldman , to be reunited with his father , David . It 's taken a long time for this day to come , but we will work with the Goldman family and the Brazilian government , with the goal of ensuring this young boy 's return . " Apy said she had not received a copy of the Brazilian court decision but expected to get one on Tuesday . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Sean Goldman , 8 , to be turned over to U.S. Consulate on Wednesday Sean 's parents divorced and mom moved him to Brazil in 2004 Mom died in childbirth in 2008 , leaving Sean with stepfather
Washington  CNN  -- Beginning Saturday and continuing over the next few weeks , some of the nation 's most prominent governors will be leaving office as a new crop of state chief executives are sworn in . Among the more well-known governors who will be leaving office : -- Republicans Arnold Schwarzenegger of California , Charlie Crist of Florida , Tim Pawlenty of Minnesota and Mark Sanford of South Carolina -- Democrats Bill Richardson of New Mexico , David Paterson of New York , Ed Rendell of Pennsylvania , Ted Strickland of Ohio and Jennifer Granholm of Michigan Some of them are leaving due to term limits , some were defeated and others sought different offices . Some are leaving after having survived high-profile scandals . Others are departing after weathering a myriad of problems affecting their states . David Paterson , Jennifer Granholm and Bill Richardson will be the first to leave office when their successors are sworn in on Saturday . Richardson told CNN he is going to stay in Santa Fe , New Mexico , and looks forward to becoming a private citizen after having served as a governor , a cabinet secretary , a United Nations ambassador and a congressman . "  I 'm going to try to set up a foreign policy institute where I continue my work on peacemaking , on rescuing hostages , on U.S.-Latin American relations . I 'm going to stay active , " Richardson told CNN 's "  John King USA " program on Thursday . "  I 'm going to be around -- not in New Mexico politics but more at a national and hopefully international level . But you know I need a pause , the people in New Mexico need a pause from me , probably the country needs a pause from me . " Having just returned from a trip to North Korea to help calm recent tensions , Richardson said he intends to stay involved in that issue and other foreign policy matters but does n't rule out returning to Washington one day . Schwarzenegger 's last day in office is next Monday . It has been a roller coaster for the actor turned politician . After first winning office following the recall of his predecessor , Gray Davis , in 2003 , he promised a new approach . While his supporters point to major environmental and political reforms in the state , his popularity plummeted as the state 's fiscal problems mounted . California confronted major deficits and financial headaches as Schwarzenegger and legislators faced off trying to find solutions to deal with the red ink . In an interview in November on NBC 's "  Tonight Show , " Schwarzenegger said he did not have regrets about his decision to run . "  It was one of the greatest decisions I ever made because working for the people of California is really was a great pleasure for me , it was a great honor . It was very rewarding to make some of the decisions that had to be made , and we really moved the state forward , " he told host Jay Leno . While detractors such as some of the state 's labor unions have criticized some of the decisions he has made , Schwarzenegger pointed to some of his accomplishments . "  I am very happy I became the reform governor , that we reformed workers compensation , that we reformed the primary -- open primaries so that we bring both of the parties closer together , " he said . "  I am very happy we took the power away from the legislators and from the lawmakers , the power to draw the district lines ... also all of the environmental laws , " such as ones to reduce greenhouse gases and to encourage alternative energy sources . But he also acknowledged some of the financial problems facing the Golden State with declarations of fiscal emergencies and several rounds of major spending cuts to popular programs . "  I have to say that I am sad that we had a second in my term , a second decline economically , because no matter how much I brag about what we have accomplished it is horrible when you see so many people unemployed . Suddenly people losing their jobs . So many people suffering . " On Monday , former governor Jerry Brown , a Democrat , will once again take the helm of the state as it faces a growing budget gap . It is now estimated its deficit will be $ 28 billion over the next 18 months . Even before taking office , Brown has been meeting with state officials and legislators to help find ways of dealing with it . The most scandal-ridden governor to be leaving office now is South Carolina 's Mark Sanford , whose fiscal conservative credentials were helping to propel his career . However , last year he admitted lying to his staff when he told them he had gone on a hiking trip on the Appalachian Trail . Instead , it turned into a political crisis . Before a painful press conference at the state capitol , he went into detail about how he had ventured to Argentina for a rendezvous with a mistress . Eventually his wife , Jenny , divorced him . Despite calls for his resignation and impeachment inquiries , Sanford persisted and stayed in office . Before Sanford 's last day on January 12 , he is scheduled to tour parts of the state to extend thanks to his supporters . In an interview with CNN affiliate WCBD in Charleston , Sanford said one of the things he was most proud in his eight years as governor was bringing some fiscal discipline to the state . One incident of his gubernatorial career will certainly stand out : in 2004 he brought some live pigs into the state house after some of his budget vetoes were overturned , to protest what he considered pork barrel spending . He eventually got his way . "  It went to the core of whether we have a balanced budget requirement in the state , " he said . He told the station in the time since his affair became public it has been a time of some accomplishment for the state . "  If you look at these last 18 months they have been surprisingly productive , " he said , pointing to some vetoes of bills amounting to savings of about $ 260 million . Sanford will be succeeded by Republican state legislator Nikki Haley , a rising star in the GOP .	Some of the nation 's most prominent governors are wrapping up their terms Outgoing Republicans include Schwarzenegger of California and Sanford of South Carolina Outgoing Democrats include Richardson of New Mexico and Paterson of New York
This is another one of those stories that seems absolutely hard to believe . A 6-year-old boy near Colorado Springs , Colorado , was suspended from school for kissing a girl on the hand . You read that correctly . "  It was during class , " first-grader Hunter Yelton said in an interview with CNN affiliate KRDO . "  We were doing reading group , and I leaned over and kissed her on the hand . That 's what happened . " Not only did Hunter 's peck get him suspended from school , but the school accused him of sexual harassment , KRDO reported . Hunter 's mom , Jennifer Saunders , is outraged . "  This is taking it to an extreme that does n't need to be met with a 6-year-old , " Saunders told KRDO . Now my son 's asking questions , ` What is sex , mommy ? ' " She said Hunter had problems at school before , getting suspended for rough-housing and for kissing the same girl on the cheek . The family has been working with him on "  class disruptions " by grounding him and giving him "  big restrictions , " Saunders said . Robin Gooldy , the superintendent of Cañon City Schools , told KRDO that Hunter 's record will remain within the district and that his behavior fits the school policy description of sexual harassment , which includes unwanted touching . "  Our main interest in this is having the behavior stop because the story is not just about the student that was disciplined , it is also about the student receiving the unwanted advances , " Gooldy told HLN . "  We have to think about both students in the situation . " Saunders said the girl in question was "  fine with it " because Hunter and the girl consider themselves "  boyfriend and girlfriend . " The girl 's parents have not commented publicly on the issue . But Saunders wants her son 's record cleared of anything suggesting sexual harassment . On Wednesday , Saunders told CNN that the boy 's school principal would ask the superintendent to reconsider removing the term sexual harassment from Hunter 's record . The superintendent did not return a phone call from CNN . "  Remove it from his record , " Saunders told KRDO . "  I need to stand up and fight for him . I ca n't just let that happen because it 's not the case . It 's not what happened at all . " Hunter for his part said he feels "  sorry " for doing something wrong and tries to be good in school . "  But I just have a lot of energy . Six-year-olds , they have a lot of energy , " Hunter said . They sure do , and as a parent of a 6-year-old and a 7-year-old , an innocent peck on the cheek or on the hand seems as natural for kids this age as declarations of who they plan to marry . They do n't know anything about sex or sexual harassment . So how on earth can they be accused of such behavior ? Reaction online to Hunter 's story has been swift , with the majority of commenters expressing pure outrage . "  The school probably traumatized the kid for life with that stupid move , " wrote Brenda Esselman on the Facebook page for "  New Day . " "  Poor child , he 's  too  young to even know what sexual harassment is , " Ortencia Solis also wrote on Facebook . "  Another example of how we are now overreacting to something as simple as a childhood crush , " Benny Barboza wrote . Eric Vetch , also on Facebook , said he kissed a girl when he was 6 . His punishment ? "  I remember writing on the chalkboard ' I will not kiss girls at school , ' and it was a private Christian school ... go figure . " On the other side , there are a small number of people voicing some support for the school 's actions . "  The kid should n't go around kissing someone 's child . Because if it was my daughter , the parents and I would be talking . Let 's keep it real , " Russell M. Walker wrote on Facebook . We clearly need to hear more from the school and the school 's district because this might turn out to be another case where the pressure to follow set school rules gets in the way of common sense . We saw this recently with two other stories : the Long Island school heavily criticized for banning most ball playing and even requiring supervision of games of tag while the school yard was under construction , and in Boston , where a student who allegedly went to a party to drive a friend home who was drunk was suspended from playing on her school 's volleyball team . What do you think about this latest case of a school taking a controversial stand ? Do you think a 6-year-old should be suspended and accused of sexual harassment for kissing a girl on the hand ? Let us know in the comments below .	6-year-old suspended for kissing a girl on the hand , CNN affiliate KRDO reports KRDO : Superintendent says behavior fits description of sexual harassment Boy was suspended before for rough-housing , kissing same girl on cheek Boy 's mother calls school response "  extreme , " wants charge removed from record
CNN  -- The first "  cup " was used in hockey in 1874 and the first helmet was used in 1974 . That means it only took 100 years for men to realize that their brain is also important . That joke 's been circulating on the Internet for years . And while it is funny , it 's also an embarrassing observation about our past carelessness . But before we start congratulating ourselves about how "  advanced " we are now , we should make note of this one little factoid : For much of the country , high school football practice started last month , and for much of the country , high school classes start next month . Given where our high schoolers rank globally in reading , math and science , that is essentially putting the cup before the helmet in the 21st century . Here again are the numbers : 14th out of 34 nations in reading , 17th in science and 25th in math , according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development . Again -- 25th in math . No wonder we keep saying we 're No. 1 ; there 's a chance many of us ca n't count much higher than that . Opinion : After Mars landing , is science cool again ? I do n't enjoy writing about how dumb our kids are . But the truth is we live locally and are competing for jobs globally . Once upon a time , our high school students could skate by and still secure a good paying job later . That 's simply is n't the case today . Part of the reason why the unemployment rate is 8.3 % is because many Americans do n't have the technical skills necessary to fill some of the 3.5 million jobs that are available . And that 's not me shooting from the hip or apologizing for President Barack Obama 's economic policies . John Engler , a former Republican Michigan governor and president of Business Roundtable , wrote in a June op-ed for U.S. News & World Report that "  even with more than 13 million Americans unemployed , the manufacturing sector can not find people with the skills to take nearly 600,000 unfilled jobs , according to a study last fall by the Manufacturing Institute and Deloitte . " Jeff Weiner , CEO of Linkedin , a networking website with millions of resumes on its database , recently said that "  at least one major driving factor  for the 3.5 million unfulfilled jobs  here is ... the pace with which technology and innovation is now accelerating . We are outstripping our ability to educate and train the existing work force . " The first step Weiner prescribed to correct this problem : fixing our education system . And by fixing , I would start with our dogmatism . Studies as far back as 1906 have indicated that over summer vacation children forget significant portions of what they learned during the school year , and yet we keep using the same academic calendar that was instituted in the 19th century -- before schools were air-conditioned or teachers certified . That would be like us using leeches to cure diseases -- something else we used to do in the 19th century . And high school sports starting before high school classes literally screams misplaced priorities . Many parents as well as students are against year-round school , noting the lessons that can be learned during summer vacation . I 'm fine with that rationale , but why ca n't the first sign of fall be classrooms opening instead of team practices ? My son 's first track meet is in less than two weeks away . His first day of school is after Labor Day . Something just seems wrong about that , especially in Michigan where 48 % of the state 's school districts did not make , what the U.S. Department of Education calls , "  adequate yearly progress . " Even worse , more than 82 % of the state 's students did not meet the ACT benchmark for college readiness . But hey , who 's ready for some football ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : High schools start sports practices before classes even begin U.S. students lag behind many other countries in math , science and reading , he says Unemployment high , yet population lacks education , skills to fill available jobs , he says Granderson : Schools should be making academics , readiness for jobs a priority
CNN  -- A gunman faces six counts of attempted murder and other charges after he opened fire at an elementary school in southern California and injured two students who were outside during lunch , authorities said . The girls , ages 6 and 7 , suffered minor arm injuries in the shooting Friday in Carlsbad , said Lt. Jay Eppel of the Carlsbad Police Department . Both were flown to Rady Children 's Hospital in San Diego . Police indicated the students each were grazed in the arm by bullets . Construction workers at Kelly Elementary School detained a suspected identified as Brendan L. O'Rourke , 41 , shortly after noon until officers arrived , Eppel said . Police do not suspect the man has a relationship with any students at the school . Worker Carlos Partida got into his truck and was able to knock the gunman down with the vehicle , police said in a statement . The man , dressed in black , was then tackled by other construction workers and witnesses . O'Rourke appeared to be trying to reload his handgun , police said , adding that the workers managed to remove the weapon . The suspect 's vehicle was parked near the school . Officers found a handgun and propane tank inside , police said . O'Rourke also had taken a small gas can to the playground , police said . The suspect was taken to a hospital after he complained of back and neck pain , and faces six counts of attempted murder and numerous weapons violations , according to the statement . Police said the suspect provided three names , one of them a woman 's name , when asked for identification . The superintendent for the school district thanked good Samaritans , police and school staff members for their actions Friday . Counselors will be at the school Monday to help students , staff and families "  handle the anxiety and fear that can result from a traumatic experience , " John A. Roach said in a statement Saturday . Third-grade student Shaylyn Foley was on the playground with her friend and told CNN affiliate KGTV what she saw . "  I saw him and he was across the street . Phoebe said , ` Who is he ? ' Then I 'm like , ` Phoebe , he might not be a good man . ' Then he put his hand out and then I heard the shot , and then I 'm like , ` Phoebe , come on , this is n't OK . ' " Shaylyn and her friend ran away as the gunman fired . Students were taken to a local park to be picked up by their parents . Pete Anderson , who operates a small research vineyard near the school , said he was tending vines when "  I heard something like a gunshot , followed by another . " Three more shots followed about 30 seconds later , he said . Children were yelling as they ran from a playground back toward the school , Anderson said . "  At this point , I knew this was not a drill , " he told CNN . Anderson said he did not see the accused shooter until after he was taken into custody . The school is in a residential neighborhood in this city between Los Angeles and San Diego . "  This is extremely unusual , " Anderson said . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Man arrested after incident at southern California school Several shots were fired ; two students suffered minor injuries Construction workers detain gunman
CNN  -- Sepp Blatter 's controversial comments about racism in football are the latest in a long line of incidents that have embarrassed the FIFA president in the past decade . From matters such as accusations of financial mismanagement and corruption at world football 's governing body , to his infamous declarations on homosexuality , women footballers , marital infidelity and sporting slavery , the 75-year-old is rarely out of the headlines . Blatter , now in his fourth and final term of office , has vowed to clean up FIFA 's image but his legacy will forever be tainted by his public outbursts . CNN takes a look at some of his more memorable statements , and the controversial moments of his reign as head of one of the planet 's most powerful organizations . Blatter : There is no on-field racism in football	FIFA president sparks anger by declaring that racism is not an on-pitch problem Sepp Blatter has a history of causing controversy with his public comments World football 's ruling body has been tainted by charges of corruption during his reign
ARNOLD , Missouri  CNN  -- On his 100th day in office , President Obama said Wednesday that he was "  pleased with the progress we 've made but not satisfied . " Obama marked his 100th day in office Wednesday with a town hall meeting and later a news conference . "  I 've come back to report to you , the American people , that we have begun to pick ourselves up and dust ourselves off , and we 've begun the work of remaking America , " the president said at a town hall meeting in a high school gymnasium in Arnold , a St. Louis suburb . "  I 'm confident in the future , but not I 'm not content with the present , " he said . "  You know the progress comes from hard choices and hard work , not miracles . I 'm not a miracle worker , " he said . Obama acknowledged challenges of "  unprecedented size and scope , " including the recession . These challenges , he said , could not be met with "  half measures . " "  They demand action that is bold and sustained . They call on us to clear away the wreckage of a painful recession , But also , at the same time , lay the building blocks for a new prosperity . And that 's the work that we 've begun over these first 100 days , " he said . He responded to critics who say he is trying to do too much as he works to address the recession as well as health care , energy and education . "  There 's no mystery to what we 've done ; the priorities that we 've acted upon were the things that we said we 'd do during the campaign , " he said , prompting loud applause . The president made an opening statement that lasted about 20 minutes before taking questions from the audience . The last question was from a fourth-grade girl who asked about the administration 's environmental policies . Later Wednesday , Obama will hold a prime-time news conference in the East Room of the White House . Leading up to the date , White House aides had labeled the 100th day as a "  Hallmark " holiday . "  They do n't mean anything , " quipped one aide , "  but you have to observe them . " More than six in 10 Americans approve of the job Obama is doing as president , a recent poll of polls shows . According to a CNN Poll of Polls compiled early Wednesday , 63 percent say they approve of how Obama is handling his duties . CNN 's Ed Henry contributed to this report .	"  We 've begun the work of remaking America , " he says in Missouri Obama warns that progress comes from "  hard work , not miracles " He will hold a prime-time news conference later Wednesday
CNN  -- Tickets went on sale for the 2012 London Olympics on Tuesday , but some sports fans were unable to process their applications due to problems with the online payment system . The official website accepts only Visa cards , but people trying to use ones which expire before the end of this August were unable to complete the process , the UK Press Association reported . Some 6.6 million seats went up for grabs 500 days from the start of the Games in the British capital , and people have until 2259 GMT on April 26 to apply . Payments must be made between May 10 and June 10 . "  What Visa is trying to do is to ensure that more people will be able to apply by bringing this threshold forward so that it will only be if your card expires before the end of June that the site will not process your order , " a London 2012 spokesman told PA. . How do I apply for London 2012 Olympic tickets ? "  It means if your card runs out in July you will still be able to apply , but you will just need to come into the process a bit later . It is an issue with Visa rather than the website or our systems . " On Monday , London 2012 chairman Sebastian Coe said there was no rush to apply for tickets as they would not be distributed on a first-come-first-served basis . "  You have no greater chance of getting a ticket on March 15 than say 22 days in to the process . We have got every confidence that everybody who wants to come will get a chance , " the two-time Olympic gold medallist told PA. . There are a total of 650 sessions during the Games , spread across 17 days with 26 sports to choose from . The popular events , like the men 's 100 meters athletics final , are limited to four tickets per person . The oversubscribed events will be settled by ballot . Ticket prices start at # 20  $ 32  and go up to # 2,012  $ 3,253  . Olympic champions past and present Carl Lewis , Nadia Comaneci and Rebecca Adlington helped launch the sales on Tuesday along with London mayor Boris Johnson .	Early problems as tickets for the London 2012 Olympics go on sale Tuesday Visa system prevents people with cards expiring in August from completing application London 2012 spokesman says the credit-card company is trying to improve system Tuesday marks 500 days until the Olympics begin on July 25 , 2012
CNN  -- The changing black and white MRI images resembled a Rorschach test . Somewhere in these patterns was the story of my pain . I knew there was something wrong with my shoulders because it felt as if my arms were attached by rusty nails . Looking at the scans , the surgeon made it clear : I needed surgery in both shoulders . I could n't accept this reality . These surgeries are n't just a giant setback for my career as an acrobat , they could pose a threat to my sobriety . I am a recovering heroin addict who can not take opiate painkillers . I have witnessed many recovering addicts relapse after surgery . I 've traveled this path myself after a few terrible root canals from another medical experience , and came crawling back to heroin . I 've learned not to take any risks . How can I wager my recovery on the scales of justice ? On one side sits surgery with the possibility of relapse . On the other sits an injured body in pain . How could I bargain the one element that has given me a beautiful and free life ? Addict goes under the knife My first fear revolves around the actual pain itself . Narcotic painkillers are the number one prescribed medication after surgery because painkillers kill pain . During my active addiction , I lived many years with the ability to eradicate pain at my own whim by simply pushing the end of a syringe . Now , in recovery , I must bow down and surrender to it . Is there a difference between eradicating pain and pain management ? Do all opiate addicts have to suffer through physical painful situations ? I 've played this scenario out many times . I am prescribed narcotic painkillers after surgery , while holding on to the absolute perspective that no matter what , after six years of sobriety , I WILL NOT RETURN TO THE MADNESS OF ADDICTION . Depending on strength and dosage , I 'm instructed to take one to two pills every four to six hours . It takes about 20 minutes to feel the effects of the first pill . Can 20 minutes destroy a lifetime achievement ? As the pill dissolves , the thought slowly waltzes in , as it did in my past . To the outsider , I would appear fine , maybe a little drowsy . But the imperceptible secret would live behind the thick fog of my thoughts . Nobody can see the addiction 's contemplation : "  This feels good . ... Oh God , I remember this . " As the disease melodically whispers -- as if six years of sobriety never passed -- I cling to the memories of my lifelong struggle with heroin and remember I 'VE GOT TO STAY SOBER AT ALL COSTS ! The secret grows , traveling back to memories of my most powerful highs , wrapping its venomous arms into my mundane reality . "  Joey , you are in pain . It 's OK . It 's too much pain . Maybe you should take two pills  as prescribed  , " it says . Two pills seems reasonable , but four to six hours is just too long because the pain seems to be returning quicker . Maybe an extra pill would n't hurt , I think , eventually cutting back the indicated time by an hour . In the final stage of my imagined scenario , the addiction begins to caress my insecurities . Perfectionism is my great destructor . I 'm terrified of making mistakes or being imperfect because I do n't want to be judged or laughed at  like so many of us  . Drugs quiet this enormous desire to be perfect . The power of these opiates temporarily relieves these stresses , and I find solace in the darkness once again . Now that the secret is alive and thriving , I go straight to heroin , as the most effective and seductive drug I 've ever known . Surgery and sobriety is a controversial topic , even among those in recovery . It 's such a gray area because nobody really knows how to treat such a delicate situation . I think it would be helpful to combine Eastern and Western medicines , to find some concrete solutions to pain management . Medication in combination with techniques such as acupuncture or frequency specific aricular therapy . It 's not only the recovering addict who is at risk , but others who can end up addicted to narcotic pain medication . Many years ago , I was in rehab with another patient who was also being treated for opiate addiction . He had cancer and was in a lot of physical pain . One night he was crying , not because of the pain , but because the doctor had prescribed him Percocet . I could n't understand why he was upset . We were addicts : A constant flow of opiates is winning the devil 's lottery . What more could anyone ask for ? In recovery , I understand his suffering . His situation is terrible because , like myself , he can not stop once he begins . He is faced with the endless temptation of his addiction because his medication resembles his drug of choice , forever keeping his addiction alive . If I am my own worst enemy , and my thoughts are the only voice I hear , what options do I have ? The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Joe Putignano .	Joe Putignano is a recovering heroin addict who 's been sober for six years Putignano fears relapsing after an upcoming shoulder surgery Surgery and sobriety is a controversial topic , even among those in recovery A combination of Eastern , Western approaches might help , Putignano says
San Diego  CNN  -- Here are six words I thought I 'd never hear myself say : "  I can relate to Mick Jagger . " You might think that there would n't be much common ground between a 69-year-old British rock 'n' roll icon and a 45-year-old Mexican-American columnist . But there is . Apparently , our philosophies on raising kids without spoiling them with parental handouts are quite similar . This information comes courtesy of Jagger 's chatty ex-wife , Jerry Hall . According to the British tabloid newspaper The Daily Mail , Hall said she has been pressuring Jagger -- unsuccessfully , I might add -- to dip into his fortune  estimated at about $ 300 million  and buy houses for three of his kids who are in their 20s . Yes , that 's right . I said houses . Not cars or clothes or jet skis . Hall is going for broke and asking Jagger to purchase houses for the three children -- Lizzie , 29 , James , 27 , and Georgia , 21 . The daughters are models , and the son is a musician . The couple has a fourth child , Gabriel , 15 , but he still lives at home with his mom . The way that Jerry sees it , Mick can easily afford the purchase . The multimillionaire reportedly has five homes of his own . So what 's the problem ? The problem , according to the tabloid newspaper , is that Jagger , who is known to be "  famously careful with his pennies , " is firmly opposed to these types of "  parental housing subsidies . " According to the newspaper , the Jagger thinks that his children have already enjoyed many advantages in life and that setting them up in their own homes will do more harm than good . Those who know Jagger well -- including his oldest daughter , Jade , who is the only child of his marriage to ex-wife Bianca -- say that he strongly believes that children ought not think themselves entitled to their parents ' money and that they have to make their own way in life . Jade , who has her own jewelry store , told the newspaper : "  I was never a trust-fund child . Dad 's got a healthy attitude toward work . You have to look after yourself . " Bravo . Americans really need to hear that message . And not just our kids ; all of us should get an earful . At a time when runaway entitlement spending and a national debt of more than $ 16 trillion threaten the economic future of the United States , the national motto has become "  Where 's mine ? " Now more than ever , Americans need to understand that part of being a good parent is teaching their adult children to stand on their own two feet . As a parent of three young children , I can imagine that this is n't easy to do . My kids know that I 'm an easy mark . And I struggle daily with saying no -- or , in some cases , with making them do chores and save their allowances to buy things on their own . But I understand where Jagger is coming from , and I applaud him . He 's on the right track , and a lot of other people are on the wrong one . Rolling Stones : Never-before-seen photos Somewhere , in the vast universe of parenting , we lost our way . We 've convinced ourselves that loving our kids also means supporting them more than we need to . That is not so . Caring for our children is one thing , but making them dependent on us well into adulthood is another . The former is the sign of a good parent ; the latter is a recipe for trouble . Billionaire Warren Buffet refers to it as the "  lottery of the womb " -- this sense that some people have that they are entitled to their parents ' money through inheritance or lavish gifts . In writing about parenting over the years , and talking about it with other parents , I 've become convinced that a lot of parents with young children worry more that they 're giving their kids too much rather than too little . The concern is that in trying to keep their kids from struggling , they 're making their lives too comfy . At the very least , most of us are probably giving our kids much more than what we were given by our parents when we were growing up . We need to ask : What harm is this doing ? These days , when you 're raising kids , materialism does n't merely knock on your door . It busts through . Ten-year-olds are asking for cell phones . When our kids want something and ask us for it , we might ask ourselves three questions : Is it a good price ? Can we afford it ? Do they deserve it ? But those are the wrong questions . We need ask ourselves only one question : Will buying my child this item teach him positive values or negative ones ? You see , it does n't matter how much money Mick Jagger has or what he can afford . That is not the issue . The issue is that he 's trying to teach his children some values , something that is n't always easy to do when you 're one of the megawealthy . Like the saying goes , you want to leave your kids enough money so they can do something with their lives -- but not so much that they can do nothing . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	According to the Daily Mail , Mick Jagger 's ex-wife asked him to buy houses for their kids Ruben Navarrette : Jagger is right to be wary of such "  parental housing subsidies " He says being a good parent is teaching adult children to stand on their own two feet Navarrette : If kids grow up to be dependent on their parents , then we have failed them
CNN  -- Japan 's governing body of sumo wrestling announced it has fired star sumo wrestler ozeki Kotomitsuki in the wake of a gambling scandal that has enveloped the sport , according to news reports . The unprecedented move also was taken against Kotomitsuki 's stable master , Otake . Kotomitsuki becomes the first active "  ozeki , " the champion rank to which he was promoted in 2007 , to be fired , Kyodo News reported . He was found to have gambled on professional baseball , with money allegedly a source of funding for mobsters . The Japan Sumo Association on Sunday stopped short , however , of expelling them , the most severe sentence which would bar them from receiving retirement allowances , according to Kyodo News . Such a sentence would be decided by a council of high-ranking sumo officials , Kyodo News reported . The Nagoya Grand Sumo Tournament , which runs later this month , will go on as planned . The allegations have shaken sumo wrestling , with 63 percent of people responding to a poll saying the summer tournament should be postponed , according to the national Asahi Shimbun newspaper . The scandal also has led to the arrest of a former sumo wrestler and the demotion of a stablemaster-coach of several wrestlers who also allegedly gambled on baseball . The association has sought to repair the damage . The association 's chairman says on the association website that the situation is "  unprecedented and critical . " He also promises to try to "  regain the fan 's confidence ... as soon as possible . " Sumo is an ancient sport dating back some 1500 years , according to the Japan Sumo Association 's website .	Kotomitsuki was found to have gambled on professional baseball He becomes the first active "  ozeki " to be fired , Kyodo News reports A council of high-ranking sumo officials to decide on expulsion , Kyodo News reports Nagoya Grand Sumo Tournament to go on as planned this month
CNN  -- Championship leader Fernando Alonso took pole position for the British Grand Prix after a rain delayed final qualifying session Saturday . The Silverstone track in central England was hit by a deluge during the second part of qualifying and the session was held up for nearly two hours . When the action resumed , Ferrari 's Alonso showed his undoubted class with a one minute 51.746 seconds clocking , edging out Red Bull 's Mark Webber for first place on the grid . Seven-time champion Michael Schumacher reveled in the conditions in his Mercedes and took third fastest ahead of reigning double champion Sebastian Vettel of Germany in his Red Bull . It will be Spaniard Alonso 's first pole since the 2010 Singapore Grand Prix , but he took his home race in Valencia a fortnight ago to become the first man to achieve two wins in an unpredictable season . "  It was not easy . To complete a lap with no huge mistakes is not easy in these conditions , " he told the official press conference . "  I 'm happy to be on pole after nearly two years . In these conditions the qualifying is probably the least important of the year but obviously for visibility it is always better to be on pole . " His teammate Felipe Massa also backed him up with an improved performance to take a competitive fifth , his best in qualifying this season . Massa has faced questions about his future with the team after only gaining 11 points to date in 2012 , but the Brazilian has told CNN that he is confident he will get a new deal with Ferrari . "  It 's not the first time this thing happened to me at the end of the contract and we renew it , " he said . "  Personally I did n't have the start to the season I wanted but I 'm much stronger now , much better now , and I 'm sure we can be competitive race-by-race now until the end of the year , " he added . Former world champion Kimi Raikkonen was sixth for Lotus-Renault with young Venezuelan Pastor Maldonado in seventh for Williams-Renault . Home hope Lewis Hamilton was fastest in his McLaren after Q2 , but struggled to find grip when it really mattered and was a frustrated eighth fastest . His teammate Jenson Button also endured another miserable afternoon and failed to make the cut for Q2 , ending only 18th best .	Fernando Alonso takes pole for British Grand Prix at Silverstone Alonso edges out Mark Webber of Red Bull in rain-hit qualifying Session delayed by nearly two hours after heavy shower hits circuit Michael Schumacher takes a fine third in his Mercedes
CNN  -- Here 's one from the obvious file : There 's no "  magic wand " that -- poof ! -- creates jobs in the United States , or anywhere else . In response to my column this week on long-term unemployment , some of you commented that the president does n't have superpowers to create jobs for the rest of us . Or you pointed out that he should be part in the process -- but job-creation is actually something Congress or business leaders should take on instead . I thought those were great points . Here 's my favorite comment -- mostly because it uses the term "  pea brain "  and yes , it 's in reference to me , but you 've got ta love a nerdy insult , especially when it includes a vegetable  : "  Are you so stupid that you think the President just waves his magic wand and jobs are created ? Let me give you a lesson in government Sutter . Maybe your pathetic conservative pea brain will be able to grasp one fact : The President proposes and Congress legislates . So it is the Republican Congress that is keeping that poor woman unemployed . They have done nothing to aleviate  sic  her plight ... " The "  poor woman " the commenter , who used the screen name "  tom sellier , " referenced is Kim Peters , an unemployed mom who invited me into her home Tuesday to watch the State of the Union . Overall , Peters , who has been unemployed on and off for five years , did n't take much comfort from the speech . She 's more worried about keeping a roof over her head . Some of the most cutting things Peters had to say focused on House Speaker John Boehner , whose apparent indifference toward the State of the Union -- scowling , licking his lips , looking very "  get me outta here " -- made her angry . Her point of view , and I think there is some merit to this , is that President Obama wants to promote infrastructure projects and other "  stimulus " efforts that would create jobs , but Republicans are so focused on the deficit they wo n't consider spending money on that . She was n't thrilled with everything Obama said either . Drafting public policy that will create jobs and put people back to work is a tricky thing . That 's part of the reason I argued the first and easiest thing we all can do to help the long-term unemployed is to treat them as equal humans . Currently , they 're some of the most maligned people in our society . Companies put out ads saying they only will consider employed candidates . Recruiters toss their resumes before taking a look . Generally , I think the national sentiment is that unemployed people must have done something wrong to end up jobless . As a person who 's been laid off before , I can tell you that 's not always the case . It 's unfair to give unemployed people less of a chance at getting back on their feet . If anything , I think they deserve more consideration . It 's the fair thing to do . Other readers said getting a job is an individual 's responsibility . "  I 've been unemployed and it sucks ... BUT you do whatever you have to to get work you dig ditches , you wash dishes , empty trash , you may even have to move your home , " wrote mikemc58 . "  Point is you have to think outside the box and get out of your comfort zone . Wishes and dreams are n't going to do it . Get off your butt hit the streets everyday asking , looking , volunteering , for a job . And listening to Obama drone on about how good the economy is useless , because as we all know , ` we ' who live in the REAL world know it 's NOT . GOV is not the answer , personal responsibility and self motivation is the key to finding new work . " That 's another fair point , although I think individual effort only goes so far when there are 3.4 unemployed workers for every job opening in the United States in December , according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics . And it 's important to empathize with people who become stuck in a cycle of hopelessness and depression the longer their unemployment continues . That 's not an easy cycle to break . One more thing to bring up about the comments : While many of you wrote in to ask how you can help long-term unemployed people get back on their feet , several of you attacked Peters -- criticizing her ownership of a TV , saying she should n't have cable if she does n't have a job  she actually does n't have cable , but that 's beside the point  and speculating about what type of cell phone she uses . What silliness , right ? And it speaks to the underlying problem here : We 're inclined to attack unemployed people -- to judge their financial situations and to speculate about what might have put them out of work . That 's unhelpful . And discriminatory . Peters , the woman I featured , told me that ending ignorance will help end unemployment . Government and business leaders must help , too . But I think she 's right : a simple shift in attitude -- trading ignorance for empathy -- can and will make a huge difference . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Commenter : "  You think the President just waves his magic wand and jobs are created ? " John Sutter : Congress , the president and all of us can help Sutter : The long-term unemployed encounter widespread discrimination Commenter : "  You do whatever you have to to get work "
CNN  -- The U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee will hold a hearing Wednesday on the circumstances surrounding the release of convicted Pan Am Flight 103 bomber Abdelbasset al-Megrahi from a Scottish prison last year . The Scottish government released al-Megrahi just over a year ago on the grounds that he had cancer and was not likely to live more than three more months . Al-Megrahi is the only person convicted in the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 , which exploded over Lockerbie , Scotland , in December 1988 , killing 259 people on the plane and 11 on the ground . Most of the dead were Americans . The flight was heading to New York from Frankfurt , Germany , via London , England , when it blew up . A special Scottish court in the Netherlands convicted al-Megrahi in 2001 . Al-Megrahi is "  a very sick man , " but there is no way to tell how long he will live , according to the father of one of the people who died in the 1988 bombing . Jim Swire , whose daughter Flora died in the terror attack , said earlier this month that he recently saw al-Megrahi in Libya . Swire criticized U.S. senators who tried to hold hearings this summer into questions surrounding the release of al-Megrahi . He said he had written to them to say it was more important to let Scottish legal proceedings run their course , because a review commission had found possible miscarriages of justice in the case . "  They did n't want to know about that , " he said of the senators . Swire , who said he does not think that al-Megrahi is guilty , defended the decision . "  At three months , just over half -LSB- of people with his cancer -RSB- would be dead , " Swire said . Doctors have said al-Megrahi has terminal prostate cancer . But after three months , mortality rates level off , and there is no way to predict how long cancer patients will live , said Swire , a retired general practitioner . "  He can walk a few steps , " Swire said of al-Megrahi . He did not ask al-Megrahi or his doctors about the Libyan 's medical condition out of respect for his privacy , he said . But he said the fullness of his face suggested that he was on steroids to slow the cancer . Al-Megrahi was appealing his conviction when he was freed on compassionate grounds in August 2009 . He then dropped the appeal . Swire said he thinks al-Megrahi feels guilty about having withdrawn his appeal , because it leaves him with no way to clear his name and no way for those -- like Swire -- who think he is innocent , to have the case reviewed . But al-Megrahi 's death could change the legal playing field , Swire speculated . "  If he were to die , the the situation would change , " and Swire might be able to get the case reopened , he said . Swire is in the minority among victims ' families in thinking that al-Megrahi is innocent . American officials have blasted officials for releasing al-Megrahi . "  As we have expressed repeatedly to Scottish authorities , we maintain that al-Megrahi should serve out the entirety of his sentence in prison in Scotland , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in a written statement . President Barack Obama 's assistant on homeland security and counter-terrorism , John Brennan , called the release "  unfortunate and inappropriate . " Democratic Sens. Robert Menendez and Frank Lautenberg noted that al-Megrahi was given three months to live when he was released , but is still alive . Menendez noted that on August 20 , 2009 , al-Megrahi stepped off a plane into the arms of a cheering throng in Libya . "  A mass murderer tasted freedom , experiencing joy , " Menendez said . "  It was a scene that made the stomach turn ... that made old wounds fresh again in the hearts of those whose family members died at the hands of that man . " "  Al-Megrahi ... is very much free , living in the lap of luxury by all accounts , " Menendez said . Lautenberg said : "  It is the families of those victims who deserve compassion , not this terrorist . " The case has outraged many on both sides of the Atlantic and led U.S. senators to demand answers from Scotland about the details of his release . CNN 's Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	270 people died in the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Scotland in 1988 Al-Megrahi was freed last year on the grounds that he was likely to live only a few months The father of a bombing victim says he does n't think al-Megrahi is guilty
Berlin , Germany  CNN  -- A 90-year-old man from northern Germany has been charged with 58 counts of murder for the killings of Jewish forced laborers in the final days of World War Two . The man , who was not named , was a member of the feared SS serving in what is now Austria when he allegedly carried out the crimes , the state court in Duisburg , western Germany , said Tuesday . A state office responsible for the prosecution of Nazi war crimes filed the charges . On March 29 , 1945 , the man brought at least 57 Jewish forced laborers in several groups to a wooded area where they were forced to give up their valuables and kneel in a ditch , the court said . "  The accused and other SS members then shot the Jewish forced laborers cruelly from the back , " the court said . That day or the next , the court said , the man made other Jewish forced laborers who were "  exhausted and no longer able to walk " to march near the town of Jabing , which was then in Germany and is now part of modern-day Austria . He then "  insidiously " shot them from the back , it added . "  The accusation is that the accused let himself be led by the National Socialist  Nazi  ideology , corresponding to an extremely hostile and inhumane attitude toward the victims , who he viewed as inferior , " the court said . The court said it must now decide whether to open proceedings against the man , who has two weeks in which to raise any objections .	Man from northern Germany charged with 58 counts of killing Jewish laborers Killings took place just weeks from the end of World War II Man is accused of being part of an SS group that carried out executions
ALEXANDRIA , Virginia  CNN  -- Former U.S. Rep. William Jefferson of Louisiana was convicted Wednesday on 11 of the 16 corruption charges against him in a case that included the discovery of $ 90,000 in his freezer . Former Rep. William Jefferson arrives at U.S. District Court with his wife , Andrea , on June 9 . A federal court jury convicted Jefferson on four bribery counts , three counts of money laundering , three counts of wire fraud and one count of racketeering . He was acquitted on five other counts including wire fraud and obstruction of justice . Jefferson , a 62-year-old Democrat , was indicted by a federal grand jury on June 4 , 2007 , about two years after federal agents said they found the cash in his freezer . Authorities said the cash was part of a payment in marked bills from an FBI informant in a transaction captured on video . Jefferson had pleaded not guilty . He faces a maximum possible sentence of 150 years in prison , with sentencing tentatively set for October 30 . After the verdict on the fifth day of jury deliberations , U.S. District Judge T.S. Ellis turned down a prosecution request for Jefferson to be taken into custody , ruling that he posed no flight risk . The verdict showed that "  no person , not even a congressman , is above the law , " said U.S. Attorney Dana Boente of the Eastern District of Virginia . Asked what might have turned the case in the prosecution 's favor , Boente said : "  We always thought that a powerful piece of evidence in this case was $ 90,000 in a freezer . " A stern-faced Jefferson emerged from the courthouse with his lawyer , Robert Trout , who said the verdict would be appealed . "  We 're very disappointed that the jury disagreed with us , " Trout said . Asked how he was holding up , Jefferson smiled briefly and answered , "  I 'm holding up , " before walking away . Jefferson was accused of using his congressional clout between 2001 and 2005 to solicit and receive hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes for himself and his family in exchange for promoting products and services in Africa , especially Nigeria , and elsewhere . The information on the cash discovered in Jefferson 's Washington home in August 2005 was revealed in an affidavit used to obtain a warrant to search Jefferson 's office in May 2006 . Descriptions from the heavily redacted affidavit and pictures of the open freezer show bills wrapped in foil and tucked into frozen food containers , including a box for pie crusts and another for veggie burgers . FBI agents told a judge the money was part of a $ 100,000 payment delivered by an informant in the bribery investigation , which led to guilty pleas by a Kentucky businessman and a former Jefferson aide . Jefferson , who graduated from Harvard Law School , represented Louisiana 's 2nd Congressional District , which includes most of the New Orleans area He held office for 18 years , or nine terms , before he lost his House seat to Anh Joseph Cao in the December 2008 election . "  This is a difficult day for the people of New Orleans and Louisiana , but now we can turn the page on a negative past to focus on a positive future , " Cao said . "  My thoughts and prayers go out to Mr. Jefferson and his family during this time . " As a representative , he served on the House Ways and Means Committee 's subcommittee on trade and on the Budget Committee , and he co-chaired the caucus on Africa Trade and Investment as well as the caucus on Nigeria .	NEW : Ex-U.S. Rep. William Jefferson 's lawyer says they will appeal Jefferson , who served in Congress 18 years , found guilty on 11 of 16 counts Jefferson accused of getting hundreds of thousands in bribes from 2001 to '05 In 2005 , federal agents said they found $ 90,000 in his freezer
CNN  -- Sir Robert Edwards , a "  co-pioneer " of the in vitro fertilization technique and Nobel Prize winner , died Wednesday in his sleep after a long illness , the University of Cambridge said . He was 87 . Edwards , a professor at the university and fellow of Churchill College , Cambridge , and Dr. Patrick Steptoe developed the fertility treatment , which involves fertilizing an egg outside the womb and implanting the newly created embryo inside a woman 's uterus . Their work resulted in the birth of Louise Brown on July 25 , 1978 -- the world 's first "  test-tube baby . " Since then , an estimated 5 million babies have been born worldwide thanks to IVF , according to the International Committee for Monitoring Assisted Reproductive Technologies , an international nonprofit organization . When Brown married in 2004 , Edwards attended the wedding . Steptoe died in 1988 . Edwards was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2010 for his work in developing the technique . The next year , he was knighted "  for services to human reproductive biology , " the university said in a statement . Both Edwards and Steptoe faced intense publicity and criticism from those opposed to the method , including the Vatican , after Brown 's birth , according to the statement . Could ` personhood ' bills outlaw IVF ? "  Bob Edwards is one of our greatest scientists , " said Mike Macnamee , chief executive of Bourn Hall , the IVF clinic Edwards and Steptoe co-founded , in the statement . "  His inspirational work in the early '60s led to a breakthrough that has enhanced the lives of millions of people worldwide . He is held in great affection by everyone who has worked with him and was treated by him . " Dr. Linda C. Giudice , president of the American Society of Reproductive Medicine , said in a statement that Edwards "  was a great scientist whose stellar scientific work advanced our understanding of human reproduction , human embryonic stem cells , advanced pre-implantation genetic diagnosis and revolutionized the treatment of infertility . "  We extend our condolences to his family , and his many friends around the world . "	Robert Edwards helped develop the IVF technique The world 's first "  test-tube baby " was born as a result of his work An estimated 5 million babies have been born thanks to IVF
CNN  -- A suspicious fire early Thanksgiving morning destroyed another home in Detroit 's popular Heidelberg Project , an internationally known art installation plagued by six suspected acts of arson in recent months . The latest blaze , at about 6 a.m. Thursday , engulfed "  The War Room , " a vacant home decorated with colorful paintings , a Detroit fire official told CNN . The project transforms rundown houses into works of art . Project officials said the fire occurred dangerously close to the homes of local residents . "  Our only concern at this point is the safety of residents , " Jenenne Whitfield , the project 's executive director , said in a statement . "  We are working in full cooperation to do everything we can to put an end to this madness . " In the last two months , Heidelberg properties were hit with six suspicious fires that destroyed four vacant buildings -- "  Obstruction of Justice , " "  House of Soul , " "  The Penny House " and "  The War Room , " according to the project . Only three properties remain in the installation , which reportedly draws about 300,000 visitors from around the world each year . Investigators with the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives are working with Detroit fire officials in the probe . "  We see the fires as highly suspicious , " ATF Special Agent Donald Dawkins told CNN . "  We are trying to get to the bottom of this . " The project last week started a campaign aimed at raising $ 50,000 in a month to install a security system at its properties . It has raised half the amount . In a statement Thursday , the Heidelberg Project said a man in dark clothing was seen fleeing the property by security guards in the area . State and federal officials said they have no suspects . The Heidelberg Project was created by artist Tyree Guyton in 1986 in an attempt to bring decaying homes back to life with decorations and transform the dilapidated properties into art installations . One of Detroit 's top tourist attractions , the project was recently featured by CNN 's Anthony Bourdain on "  Parts Unknown : Detroit . "	Suspicious fire destroys another Heidelberg Project property in Detroit ATF and Detroit fire officials investigate suspected arson in string of fires Project security saw a man in dark clothing fleeing "  The War Room " installation
CNN  Smoking Man , time to light another cigarette . Fox announced Tuesday that "  The X-Files , " the series about the paranormal that ran for nine seasons in the '90s and early ' 00s , is returning for a special six-episode "  event . " Stars David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson are both back to play Fox Mulder and Dana Scully , those FBI agents who always got a little too close to the truth . " ` The X-Files ' was not only a seminal show for both the studio and the network , it was a worldwide phenomenon that shaped pop culture -- yet remained a true gem for the legions of fans who embraced it from the beginning . We 're ecstatic to give them the next thrilling chapter of Mulder and Scully they 've been waiting for , " Fox executives Dana Walden and Gary Newman said in a statement . Anderson wasted no time in tweeting the news . "  The X-Files " concerned Mulder , an FBI agent who believes in paranormal phenomena , and Scully , who served as a check on his impulses . The series produced some memorable characters -- particularly the Smoking Man , a key focal point of the series ' various conspiracy theories -- and resulted in two movies . Vince Gilligan , who later created "  Breaking Bad , " got his start on "  The X-Files " and occasionally paid tribute to the show on his later series . Show creator Chris Carter , who will also oversee the new series , said he thought of the hiatus between 2002 , when the "  X-Files " went off the air , and this year as "  a 13-year commercial break . " But the timing is perfect , he added in a statement . "  The good news is the world has only gotten that much stranger , a perfect time to tell these six stories , " he said . No premiere date was announced .	The rumors are true : "  X-Files " is returning David Duchovny , Gillian Anderson and producer Chris Carter are all back Carter : "  The world has only gotten that much stranger " since the show went off the air in 2002
Who would you say is more successful : Academy Award nominee Leonardo DiCaprio , or Academy Award nominee Meryl Streep ? In terms of numbers of memorable -- even legendary -- screen roles , it might be difficult to say . And in terms of lasting power , they both have grown in reputation over the years . But in terms of most recent earning for the year 2012-2013 , the winner is clear : Leonardo Di Caprio , age 39 , earned $ 39 million in pay while Meryl Streep , age 64 , earned only $ 7 million .  One caveat : Their earnings are also influenced by the box office success of their films . Sure , that 's just one year and those are just two stars . But if we look across the board , we ca n't help but come to the same conclusion : There 's an unfair pay disparity in Hollywood . As we look forward to this year 's Academy Awards show on Sunday night , it 's worth taking a moment to reflect on the movie industry and what it tells us about ourselves . Research that my colleagues Irene de Pater , Brent Scott and I conducted shows that whereas young Hollywood actors and actresses make about the same in yearly earnings , that parity quickly evaporates as they age . According to our study , for actresses , their pay peaks at age 34 and then drops quickly thereafter . For actors , their pay peaks at a much later age -- 51 -- and just as importantly , does not drop after that nearly as severely as it does for actresses . We measured leading actors and actresses over many years . At age 27 , actresses make an average of $ 3.9 million , compared to $ 2.6 million for actors . By the age of 51 , actors make an average of $ 5.3 million , more than five times as much as actresses . Why is it that age ravages the earnings of actresses compared to actors ? Some might blame Hollywood movie industry -- a field that is overwhelmingly male dominated . Some might argue that female actresses are more likely to take breaks from acting at the potential peak of their careers , as have Natalie Portman , Emily Blunt and Drew Barrymore . While there probably is some merit to these explanations , I think we need to look closer to home . To borrow from Pogo , I 've met the enemy , and he is us . Let 's face it , we 're an appearance-based society and despite social progress on many issues , I do n't see much evidence that our obsession with appearance has faded over time . Indeed , some have argued that the growth in online communication and social media has only exacerbated the problem . Some may feel that our obsession with beauty is a problem because it 's superficial , it 's hard to change , or it is n't related to true intrinsic worth  for example , a job or a mate  . Yet we know that we value beauty even though it is hard to justify the value we place on it . It 's more insidious than that . Our beauty obsession particularly gets applied to women  who are more likely to be judged by their appearance than men  and against older individuals  people are rated as less physically attractive as they age  . We are , therefore , especially biased against older women . Tell me about it , some of you more mature women may say . It 's important to remember that this is n't simply about male biases . Those exist , but so do female biases . Both men and women judge others by their appearance , and both genders are more likely to be especially biased against less attractive women and older individuals . Who 's really to blame here ? Is it Hollywood , or those of us who consume Hollywood culture ? There is plenty of blame to go around . Hollywood , like Washington , both leads and follows society . In commenting on this disparity , Tina Fey said , in her characteristically satirical way , "  There are still great parts in Hollywood for Meryl Streeps over 60 . " Judging by the current list of Best Actor/Actress nominees , including near-octogenarian Judi Dench , Fey is correct . In fact , some might say the Best Actor/Actress nominees are on the aged side , with none in their 20s , three in their 30s  one woman , two men  , four in their 40s  two men , two women  , and three older  two women , one man  . But the earnings do n't follow , and the roles for older females are generally not as available , we found in our study . Even 83-year-old Clint Eastwood recognizes the problem , commenting , "  Roles thin out when  actresses  get to a certain age . ... It 's a crime . " The first step toward social change is to recognize the problem . We 've got a beauty complex that does us little good and much harm . The sooner we own up to that , the sooner we can defeat that enemy within us . As we enjoy the glamor of Hollywood at this time of year , all those beautiful people dressed to the nines should remind us : There is a lot more to life than looks . Let 's confront our own biases that support this culture , and try harder to value the things that really matter .	Timothy Judge : Hollywood actors and actresses make about the same until they age Judge : Actresses ' pay peaks at about age 34 whereas actors pay peaks around 51 He says we can blame Hollywood , but it 's also that our society is obsessed with beauty Judge : Both genders are biased against less attractive women and older people
CNN  -- Baseball Hall of Famer Bob Feller died Wednesday night in Cleveland , Ohio , of acute leukemia , according to a statement from the Cleveland Indians . He was 92 . Feller was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia in August and underwent surgery at the Cleveland Clinic to implant a pacemaker in October . In mid-November , Feller was hospitalized with pneumonia . The major leaguer was an icon for Indians fans . "  We in Cleveland have been blessed to have had him with us these many years , " said Indians owner Larry Dolan . "  To say he will be missed is such an understatement . " Feller spent 18 years in a Cleveland Indians uniform . He started 484 games , winning 266 of them . Feller had a lifetime ERA of 3.25 , threw three no-hitters , including the only Opening Day no-hitter in Major League Baseball history , on April 16 , 1940 . In 1946 , he pitched 36 complete games . "  Since 1936 he has been with us . For 75 years he has been a contributing citizen , a model for all athletes , and friend of thousands , " Dolan said . "  As so it shall be in the larger sense , Bob will be with us always . Not at Opening Day , not at Fantasy Camp , not in the Press Box , but in our hearts . " Indians manager Manny Acta said Feller was a special person . "  There has never been a great one with such an affiliation to his original franchise , " Acta said . "  When you think Cleveland Indians , you think Bob Feller and vice-versa . He was a genuine patriot and a big-time Hall of Famer . Boy , he loved the Indians and we all loved him back . "	Feller pitched 18 years for the Cleveland Indians He pitched three no-hitters for the team Feller was diagnosed with leukemia in August
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A majority of Americans consider waterboarding a form of torture , but some of those say it 's OK for the U.S. government to use the technique , according to a poll released Tuesday . Michael Mukasey said waterboarding is repugnant , but he stopped short of saying it was torture . Asked whether they think waterboarding is a form of torture , more than two-thirds of respondents , or 69 percent , said yes ; 29 percent said no . Asked whether they think the U.S. government should be allowed to use the procedure to try to get information from suspected terrorists , 58 percent said no ; 40 percent said yes . In the procedure , water is used on restrained prisoners to make them feel like they are drowning . The practice became an issue during the recent confirmation hearings for attorney general nominee Michael Mukasey , who has refused to categorically reject the practice . Mukasey told the Senate Judiciary Committee last week that while he finds waterboarding personally "  repugnant , " he could not answer "  hypothetical " questions about whether the technique amounts to torture . Senators ' reaction to Mukasey 's statements on waterboarding and the president 's power to order warrantless electronic surveillance threw his nomination into doubt . But his confirmation was all but assured last week when two key Democratic senators said they will vote in favor of Mukasey despite the controversy . See which key senators support Mukasey " The committee is scheduled to take up the nomination Tuesday . Bush nominated Mukasey to replace longtime ally Alberto Gonzales , who resigned in September . Sources with knowledge of the CIA-run interrogation program have said waterboarding is not currently being used in its interrogations . But those sources have said waterboarding was used in the interrogation of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , now facing trial before a military tribunal for planning al Qaeda 's 2001 attacks on New York and Washington . Waterboarding was used during the Spanish Inquisition and by Cambodia 's brutal Khmer Rouge regime and the World War II Japanese military , according to advocacy group Human Rights Watch . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. telephone poll of 1,024 American adults was carried out over the weekend and had a sampling error of plus or minus 4.5 percentage points . E-mail to a friend	69 percent say technique is torture ; 58 percent say U.S. should n't use it Interrogation method an issue in attorney general nomination Michael Mukasey 's refusal to reject technique troubles some senators
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel has at times made his domination of Formula One look effortless , but the triple world champion insists his supremacy is the result of tireless work from his all-conquering Red Bull team . The German has taken the checkered flag at each of the last three grands prix , extending his lead at the top of the drivers ' championship to 60 points with just six races of the 2013 season remaining . With a fourth consecutive world title all but in the bag , Vettel has paid tribute to the team which have powered his RB9 car to the front of the grid . "  I have very little information about what others are doing , but I can say that we 're one of the hardest working teams and thus deserve to be where we are right now , " the 26-year-old told F1 's official website . "  This is not only a question of quantity -- how many more hours you put in -- but very much about quality . " Vettel 's occupation of the podium has led to a backlash from some fans , with the former Toro Rosso driver consistently booed by fans during the season . He was most recently jeered after winning the Singapore Grand Prix . Vettel is unmoved by the negativity , putting it down to fans who are disappointed with him consistently finishing ahead of their favorite drivers . "  I am relaxed about it , " he said . "  I think the media exaggerate this matter . It is not that hordes of people boo -- it is only a small percentage . "  And is n't it so that every fan has the right to cheer for his own team and show disappointment when the others win ? I think those who booed were Ferrari fans who obviously were disappointed that we again finished ahead of them . "  No big deal for us . The thing that matters is to know that we again did everything right -- that you can be satisfied with your performance . " Vettel 's nearest rival Fernando Alonso , who drives for Ferrari , has n't given up hope of clinching his third world championship going into this weekend 's Korean Grand Prix . And the Spaniard is urging his team to take heart from Oracle Team USA 's incredible comeback recently against Emirates Team New Zealand in sailing 's America 's Cup . The Americans trailed 8-1 before roaring back to retain the Auld Mug trophy . "  The president  Luca di Montezemolo  and me think anything can happen , " Alonso told Autosport.com . "  Like the America 's Cup , we saw the American team was 1-8 down and they won 9-8 . "  We know it would be difficult , but if you have two lucky races , things can change very quickly . But we need a lot of luck ; we know that . "  We need to be realistic because we do n't have the pace to beat them in normal conditions , so we need luck in all six races . "  If we have luck , everybody can be sure that we will be there to take -LSB- advantage -RSB- . We will not give up until it 's mathematically impossible . "	Sebastian Vettel says Red Bull 's F1 dominance is down to hard work The German is top of the drivers ' standings ahead of the Korean Grand Prix Vettel is unconcerned by the boos he consistently receives from fans Ferrari 's Ferando Alonso is refusing to give up on the 2013 title
Editor 's note : Democratic Rep. Jared Polis of Colorado , the first openly gay man elected to the House as a freshman , is one of the subjects of the CNN.com series "  Freshman Year , " in which Polis and new Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R-Utah , provide firsthand reports of political life . Here , Polis ' partner , Marlon Reis , talks about the challenges and coping strategies of his own freshman year as a "  congressional spouse " not usually encountered in Washington . Marlon Reis , left , and Rep. Jared Polis talk . Reis says he has had difficulties as a "  congressional spouse . " WASHINGTON  CNN  -- One of my heroes growing up was Jackie Robinson . My mom , an ardent baseball fan from whom I got my love of the game , had an old baseball card of his from the 1950s and told us his amazing story of courage in integrating baseball . Years later , I read of the difficulty he faced as the first African-American major league baseball player -- people sliding in with their spikes up , pitchers beaning him , teammates shunning him . Fortunately , the rapid pace of social progress has made it easier to break barriers than ever before , and although Congress is still far from representative of the population as a whole , the 111th Congress has record numbers of gay members , members of ethnic minorities and women . My partner , Marlon Reis , and I have been together for more than six years . We never saw ourselves or our relationship as anything different from those of other members of Congress , and while notable , the gender of my spouse has little to do with the overall experience of the congressional life and our "  freshman year . " The life of a congressional spouse is harder than the life of the member . They do all the work and get none of the recognition . Fortunately , Marlon 's passion for writing fiction is consistent with the necessary mobility of the congressional lifestyle and being able to work out of two homes . I am proud that Marlon has chosen to tell his tale . Marlon Reis : To be a congressional spouse , one must be , above all else , flexible . So I was told when I arrived in D.C. 10 months ago . At the time of my introduction , I was something of a novelty among the spouses . At 28 years old , I was one of the youngest spouses in the U.S. Congress . Jared is the second-youngest congressman . Almost immediately , I was mistaken for a staff aide ; then again , for a son designated to attend in place of a spouse . More times than I care to remember , I was told , "  But you 're so young ! " Rarely has anyone seen me for what I actually am . I don my "  Congressional Spouse " lapel pin proudly and hope each time not to be questioned , yet I still receive sideways glances and orders to produce an official ID . It is as if my story is too unbelievable to be true , that I am an interloper , someone in a place I do not belong . Perhaps this has to do with my being the partner of the first openly gay man to win a seat as a nonincumbent . I have noticed among those I meet a tincture of incredulity ; a reluctance to accept that which has not been seen before . Washington is a place steeped in traditions , some fine , others deplorable . Both my partner and I , in many ways , are a challenge to the outdated notions that have reigned for so long . And just like those who arrive uninvited , from time to time , our experiences highlight differences rather than similarities . Sometimes we are welcome ; other times , our presence seems to inspire resentment and tension . Even among a group that is known for the unusual lifestyle of its members , ours seems to stand out . And yet , we are very much the same as any congressional family . We take time , when we have it , to enjoy dinners together , to play video games , to walk our new puppy and to celebrate life 's happy moments . Like any couple working to make things right , we check in with each other to be sure it all has n't gotten to be too much . Always on planes back and forth , contending often with feelings of displacement , we have our challenges . But still , there is a great deal to love in being an elected family . It is true that flexibility is the main ingredient in a successful congressional life . In many ways , we sacrifice what was once private for that which is , at times , painfully public . As much as we speak on behalf of our constituents , we are also a voice for the concerns of our LGBT -LSB- lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender -RSB- community and democracy and freedom . I am excited to be here with Jared on the front lines , making history and fighting the good fight . It fills me again with hope when I remember that we are only the first in what will be a long line of openly LGBT legislators ; people who come to serve our country rightfully and with the respect they deserve . Each time we encounter injustice is an opportunity to be uncompromising , to prove a point , to not back down , but to pave the way . When , on the basis of our same-sex relationship , the military attempted to bar me from accompanying Jared on a congressional delegation to Seattle , we fought and I triumphantly took my seat alongside the other spouses . When I was told by Member Services that my lost ID should never have read "  spouse , " that the government recognizes me only as a "  designee , " I prepared to fight -- but then found the original card . Doubtless , these are but the opening acts of a years-long play about justice and the steady march of progress . For this , and for all we have to look forward to , I thank our constituents for the chance to change the world . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jared Polis and Marlon Reis .	Lawmaker 's partner talks about challenge of being accepted as a spouse in D.C. Marlon Reis : "  We sacrifice what was once private " for what is "  painfully public " Sometimes , there 's "  a reluctance to accept that which has not been seen before " "  Each time we encounter injustice is an opportunity to ... pave the way , " he writes
Everybody knows the Republican Party is basically an all-white bastion , right ? After all , even Colin Powell condemned the "  dark vein of intolerance " that has flowed through his party since the post-civil rights era political realignment . Now with President Barack Obama leading the Democrats into a second term -- buoyed by overwhelming victory margins among African-Americans and Hispanics -- it 's clear the GOP has some serious catching up to do . This is why it might surprise you to hear that Republicans are by far the more diverse party when it comes to statewide elected officials such as senators and governors . On this front , they leave Democrats in the dust . And that 's why the GOP actually has a greater depth of diversity on their potential presidential bench looking to 2016 and beyond . It 's counterintuitive but true . Numbers do n't lie . Let 's start with a look at the governors , the traditional launching pad of presidential ambitions . Among the Republican ranks is Brian Sandoval , the Hispanic governor of Nevada . The 49-year-old former federal judge took on a corrupt conservative incumbent and is now racking up an impressive reform record in his first term . Likewise , there is New Mexico 's Gov. Susana Martinez , a former district attorney who remains popular in her state despite an otherwise Democratic tide . How many Hispanic governors do the Democrats have in office ? Zero . Attracting minority voters a key GOP goal America 's Indian-American population is fast-growing and successful . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal is one of the nation 's most innovative governors , and the former Rhodes scholar is newly committed to making the GOP no longer "  the party of stupid . " If he chooses to run for president in 2016 , Jindal could make a major dent in the race and possibly emerge toward the front of the pack . There is also South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley , who climbed from the General Assembly to the Governor 's Mansion , breaking a number of historical barriers along the way . In the past two months , she has appointed the first African-American Republican from the South to the U.S. Senate since Reconstruction  Tim Scott  , and her husband was deployed to Afghanistan . How many Indian-American governors do Democrats have in office ? None . Now let 's move over the U.S. Senate . The aforementioned Scott just was tapped by Haley to finish out Sen. Jim DeMint 's term , making the former congressman the first African-American Republican senator serving since Ed Brooke of Massachusetts in the 1970s . He is also the only black senator of either party . Likewise , the GOP is looking at two young new Hispanic stars in the Senate chamber -- Florida 's Marco Rubio and the newly elected Ted Cruz from Texas . Interestingly , both men are of Cuban descent . Presidential buzz surrounded Rubio almost from the moment he entered office after defeating the sitting governor , Charlie Crist , in a contentious primary . He has put forward an innovative immigration reform proposal in recent weeks , which could help shape national debate , and he 's already decamped to Iowa to speak at a political dinner . Cruz is a former member of the Harvard Law Review who donned the tea party mantle to defeat a powerful sitting lieutenant governor in a primary . He was born in Canada to an American mother , a fact that has n't stopped the fast-forward presidential projection . At the very least , Cruz will be a real force in the Senate for decades to come . On the Democratic side , the only Hispanic senator is New Jersey 's Robert Menendez . While in line for the chairmanship of the Foreign Relations Committee , he has been beset by ethical allegations for much of his career , most recently the accusation that federal agents held off from arresting an office intern who was also an undocumented immigrant and registered sex offender until after Menendez 's re-election .  Menendez has said he did n't know about any possible delay . Menendez might have influence , but he is not a charismatic figure . That 's why the Democratic National Convention chose to highlight San Antonio Mayor Julian Castro at its keynote , rather than anyone more senior or nationally known . Bennett : At convention , GOP leaders reflect U.S. diversity The Republicans ' surprising diversity edge when it comes to statewide elected officials can not erase the very real diversity deficit they face below this level . In the House of Representatives , often called "  The People 's House , " the disparity is stark . The new 113th Congress is the most diverse in history , but that diversity comes almost exclusively courtesy of the Democratic side of the aisle . For example , there are 42 African-American members of the House -- all are Democrats . The Hispanic population is comparatively less skewed , with 27 congressional Democrats and eight Republicans . Among Asian-Americans , we 're back to the lopsided totals -- 11 Democrats and no Republicans . It is a historical irony and a barely slumbering scandal that the Party of Lincoln lost its edge on diversity in pursuit of short-term political gain by realigning the Southern states of the former Confederacy in the wake of the Civil Rights bills that conservatives such as Barry Goldwater believed were unconstitutional . The times when Martin Luther King Jr. 's father , like millions of other African-Americans , was automatically a Republican are a distant memory . But Democrats should not rest on their laurels after Obama . Their lack of statewide-elected diverse Democrats is striking and could provide an opening for Republicans in the next generation  if conservatives do n't keep alienating that community with anti-immigrant rhetoric and legislation  . The old stereotypes do n't hold when looking at the facts -- Republicans have been quietly making inroads into communities of color , even if that has n't yet registered in overall voting patterns . And rising Republican stars such as Rubio , Jindal , Sandoval , Scott , Haley , Cruz and Martinez are reasons for optimism as we look toward the future of American politics .	John Avlon : GOP senators , governors more diverse than Democrats He says party has the edge in diversity among higher-ranking offices Avlon says GOP has trouble attracting black , Hispanic voters He adds that among members of House , GOP diversity sorely lacking
CNN  -- In hiding , they listened carefully . To gunshots and explosions . To friends and strangers hiding with them . With their lives at stake , they spoke quietly and tried to decide : When do we run for it ? Sara Head of Washington hid in a stairwell . Uche Kaigwa-Okoye 's place of refuge was a stall in a ladies ' restroom . Zulobia Kassam was in the back of a supermarket . Each was lucky enough never to see any of the gunmen who killed dozens in the upscale Westgate Shopping Mall in Nairobi , Kenya , on Saturday . But not seeing their attackers was itself part of the terror . Stuck between floors Head , along with a business colleague and a driver , fled from the parking lot after the shooting started . Her group ran into a stairwell , thinking they would go up one level and find a safe exit . But they could hear more gunfire and backed down , winding up with a group of strangers cowering on the stairs between floors . Keep up with the latest developments in Kenya "  We heard lots of shots at first , then none for a while -- maybe 15 minutes more -- then more , " Head said . "  We did n't go want to go up or down , " she said . Head saw two people in the stairwell bleeding from minor wounds . People talked on their cell phones -- she contacted her husband and the American embassy -- but then a stranger said the talking might attract the attackers . Those with smartphones whispered reports of hostages taken and grenades going off . "  No one really knew what was going on , " she said . Safety : Can the attack happen again ? Crowding in the ladies ' room Kaigwa-Okoye thought he heard a table fall over , "  and then it happened repetitively , and it got really loud . " Soon people started screaming and Kaigwa-Okoye joined many who ran outside . But they heard gunfire outside , too , so Kaigwa-Okoye went back inside . Still unable to see any attackers , they thought they were backing away from danger . But when they reached a corner , shots were fired -- shots that seemed to be in their direction . They fled to a ladies ' restroom , where 20 people soon were hiding . "  We were really scared , " he said . "  Every sound sounded scary . We could n't make out sounds , and they had grenades . It was really , really loud ... They must have passed our corridor several times . We heard gunshots down our corridor . " Some people ventured out but quickly returned , saying it was unsafe . Near supermarket gunfire Kassam had just finished coffee when she entered a supermarket in the mall . "  We entered and the lights went off , " she said . She waited for the generator to kick in , but instead she heard gunshots and saw people running . "  We rushed to the back and hid ourselves , " Kassam said . "  We heard random shots from everywhere -- upstairs , downstairs ... we even heard shots 30 feet from us , " she said . "  People were petrified , crying , praying , " she said . Surviving the mall massacre : ` Just lucky ' ` The lights came on ' Head had been in the stairwell 90 minutes when a door from the supermarket opened . "  The lights came on in the stairwell , and people went out . I was very , very hesitant because ... there was no information to tell me it was safe to exit , " she said . "  It was just that the people in front of me were exiting . " "  People were saying be quiet , " she said . She saw drops of blood on the floor as they walked through the hardware section and a cereal aisle and then through the storeroom to get outside . Still they walked quietly until it seemed safe to make noise . Then they ran , she said , not stopping even when they reached crowds of onlookers and photographers . Tear gas , then rescue Kaigwa-Okoye heard firing but then realized police had arrived on the floor where he was hiding in the restroom . They were firing tear gas . Officers told them to walk out single file and made them throw away their bags . Kassam had been hiding in the back of the supermarket for more than two hours when a security person arrived and said it was safe to flee . She and others walked through a storage area . "  We saw lots of blood , sandals and shoes , " she said . She made it outside to the main road . And even at what seemed a safe distance , she again heard shooting in the distance . Al-Shabaab grew amid Somalia 's lawlessness World leaders condemn terror attack at Kenya mall	Saturday 's attack on a Kenyan mall left people scrambling for their lives amid chaos Shoppers had to quickly hide and then wonder whether to run -- and when American Sara Head hid in a stairwell : "  We did n't want to go up or down " 20 people huddled for safety in a restroom , where "  every sound sounded scary "
Over the years , Americans have become familiar with terms such as "  white " and "  Hispanic " and even -- on government forms -- the more specific "  non-Hispanic white . " Now , courtesy of the mainstream media , there is a new phrase to add to our national lexicon : "  white Hispanic . " I do n't like the sound of that . I 've written about the thorny subjects of race and ethnicity for nearly a quarter century , and I rarely hear this term . We might have been able to see this coming given that there is no Hispanic race and Hispanics come in all colors . Still , mark my words . Wherever this road leads , it 's not good -- not for Hispanics nor the rest of the country . The term -- white Hispanic -- emerged from the controversy over the fatal February 26 shooting of African-American teenager Trayvon Martin by neighborhood watch captain George Zimmerman in Sanford , Florida . Because Martin was black , and because it was initially assumed that Zimmerman was white , critics immediately charged that the shooting was racially motivated . Zimmerman 's father , Robert , insisted that this was n't true . In fact , he said it could n't be true because his son is Hispanic . We have since learned that Zimmerman 's mother is from Peru , and Zimmerman identifies himself as Hispanic . I 'm not about to question how Zimmerman identifies himself . If the experience of having a president with a multiracial background who is nonetheless often referred to as simply black or African-American has taught us anything , it 's that people can identify themselves any way they like but that they are often too complicated to be summed up with a label . Even so , that Zimmerman 's father opted to play the "  Hispanic card " to protect his son 's reputation is unfortunate . I do n't know if he ever described his son as Hispanic or half-Hispanic before the shooting . But it is awfully convenient that he would be so quick to describe him that way now . It is also absurd . Being Hispanic does n't mean you ca n't also be racist . And the same goes for being white , black or any other color . Human nature dictates that we 're all a little bigoted and narrow-minded , even if it is against members of our own group . It 's easy to believe some stereotypes , or to think of some people as inferior to others . And being the member of a minority group does n't make you immune to those impulses . You should hear how some Mexican-Americans talk about Mexican immigrants . It 's not pretty , and it 's not helpful . And this is from people who are close enough to the subject matter that they should know better . But what 's even more troubling than what Zimmerman 's father said is that some in the media seem to be bending over backward to get a particular message across . Rather than just refer to Zimmerman as Hispanic and be done with it , they created the hybrid term white Hispanic . My more cynical friends insist the strategy here is to preserve , by any means necessary , the narrative of a white racist who gunned down an unarmed black teenager . I wo n't go there . I do n't think my media colleagues are intentionally trying to divide people and spark racial strife . Instead , I think they were looking for a way to avoid what would have been an embarrassing about-face . They did n't want to stand up and say : "  We were wrong . Without having all the facts , we made certain assumptions about the suspect . And now it turns out that it 's not simple , that this story is more complicated than we thought and that this suspect is both white and Hispanic . " So they turned to the term white Hispanic . It is also possible that some in the media are afraid to frame the story as Hispanic versus African-American . I understand that . Relations between the nation 's largest minority and the group that used to hold that title are tense enough without adding fuel to the fire . Whatever the reason for using this term , I do n't like it . And I do n't have any use for it . Are we now going to refer to people as white Hispanics and black Hispanics ? Given that my complexion is a shade lighter than brown , should I be referred to as beige Hispanic ? Where does this end ? Americans need to discuss race and ethnicity in serious ways . The tragic death of a young person is a serious issue . Everything about this story must be taken seriously . Distorting the language shows we 're not serious people .	Ruben Navarrette : There is a new term to add to our national lexicon , "  white Hispanic " It 's a label applied to George Zimmerman , who shot a black teenager , Navarrette says He says anyone , regardless of color , can be a racist whether white , Hispanic or black The media should have thought twice before turning to loaded term , Navarrette says
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- The Mexican military has arrested the son of a top drug cartel lieutenant , the government said Thursday . Authorities present suspect Vicente Zambada Niebla to the press Thursday in Mexico City . Vicente Zambada Niebla , known as "  El Vicentillo , " was arrested Wednesday along with five subordinates , Mexico 's defense department and attorney general 's office said in a joint release . The men were acting suspiciously and had military-grade weapons , officials said . Zambada is the son of Ismael Zambada García , known as "  El Mayo . " The elder Zambada is a top lieutenant in the Sinaloa cartel , headed by Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman , officials said . Senior defense official Luis Arturo Oliver Cen and Jose Ricardo Cabrera Gutierrez , a top official with an attorney general 's task force on terrorism and security , announced the arrest in Mexico City . Guzman , the alleged cartel leader who escaped from a Mexican prison in 2001 , was named in this year 's Forbes magazine report on the world 's billionaires . He ranked 701 . Authorities on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border blame Sinaloa and other cartels for a surge in violence in the region . Mexican Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora expressed outrage at Forbes for listing a major drug suspect . About 6,500 people died in the drug war in Mexico last year , Mexican President Felipe Calderon said last week . Defense official Oliver said authorities confiscated three rifles , three luxury automobiles , 67,480 pesos  $ 4,845  and $ 866 in U.S. currency . A video on the Universal newspaper Web site shows a dark-haired Zambada and other men being led away in handcuffs . Zambada sports long sideburns , beard stubble , a black sports coat and a striped shirt . CNN 's Melanie Whitley contributed to this report from Atlanta , Georgia .	Vicente Zambada Niebla and five subordinates arrested , government says Zambada is son of Ismael Zambada García , lieutenant in Sinaloa drug cartel Authorities blame Sinaloa and other cartels for a surge in violence in the region
CNN  -- For video game fans , many of the gadgets and accessories designed to support today 's games are as unique and imaginative as the games themselves . From inflatable Wii racing karts to iPad joysticks and plastic assault rifles tailor-made for living room juntas , there 's no shortage of weird , wild and occasionally even useful peripherals for handheld and set-top systems alike . Among the hundreds of available gaming gizmos and add-ons are a coffin-shaped guitar instrument case and blinged-out chrome plating for consoles . They 're great to look at , but they wo n't enhance your gameplay much . Here are five recent accessories designed to improve your gaming experience : G155  $ 299.99 , http://www.projectgaems.com/  -- A portable game room to go , this carrying case unpacks to reveal a built-in 15.5-inch LED HD screen , stereo speakers and dual 3.5 mm headphone jacks that let you annihilate friends or save the universe anywhere you travel . Pop an Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3 Slim in , hook up the HDMI cable , and assuming you do n't mind a little heavy lifting , voila . You can spend family vacations with your head happily buried in "  WWE All Stars " or "  Killzone 3 . " Arcade FightStick Tournament Edition  $ 159.99 , www.madcatz.com  -- Pricey , but infinitely cheaper than springing for an arcade machine , this PS3 and Xbox 360 joystick controller and eight-button pad delivers authentic coin-operated control and precision . Designed for use with popular fighting games such as "  Marvel vs. Capcom 3 , " it lets you plug in its 13-foot USB connector cable to enjoy customizable button mappings , turbo functionality and that classic quarter-munching feel . Charge Base for 3DS  $ 29.99 , www.nyko.com  -- Given the Nintendo 3DS handheld 3-D gaming system 's anemic 3 - to 4 - hour battery life , this useful combo charging dock and capacity-boosting rechargeable battery comes in especially handy by offering double the juice . It 's not the most convenient accessory to carry around . But if you 're planning on marathon play sessions , it can keep you happily splattering aliens or downing submarines twice as long as usual . PlayStation Move SharpShooter  $ 39.99  -- This plastic attachment lets you turn your PlayStation Move motion controller into a full-fledged rifle , theoretically providing greater accuracy and atmosphere in shooter games like the suddenly timely "  SOCOM 4 : U.S. Navy SEALs . " Go ahead -- screw up your face and do your best "  Terminator " impression . There 's no denying the temptation to want to place your fingers on its pump-action grip . Harley Davidson : Road Trip with Accessory Bar  $ 29.99 , www.eagl3.com  -- Of all the goofy gewgaws  e.g. plastic sword , shield , fishing rod , machine gun and jet-ski inserts  offered for Wii and PlayStation 3 , we 're partial to these motorcycle handlebars from InterWorks Unlimited , Inc. . Crank up "  Born to Be Wild , " twist the Wii remote to rev up , and you too can join the ranks of balding middle managers who spend their Sundays hitting the road on their virtual hog -- while reclining in a well-worn La-Z-Boy .	Here are 5 suggestions for cool accessories to enhance your gaming experience The G155 portable game room packs speakers and a built-in 15.5-inch LED HD screen A combo charging dock and rechargeable battery will extend life of Nintendo 's 3DS device
CNN  -- "  I 'm very at home working with mythology , " Tori Amos says . No kidding . Amos ' newest album , "  Night of Hunters , " is a fable about one woman 's lost love and the emotional journey over the course of a night that helps her let go of a man and recapture her fire . Along the way , she meets a shape shifting fox named Anabelle who acts as her guide to help navigate her through the predatory forces that lie within and around us . While "  Night of Hunters " uses Amos ' familiar themes of spirit guides , magical elixirs , forces of nature and reclaiming female power , making this album was a new undertaking for her . Instead of the electronic sound and production that marked her last few releases , "  Night of Hunters " is stripped and essential . Amos returned to the piano and used the classical music format of a song cycle , where there is a common theme to the collection of songs and they are intended to be performed in sequence , to present her supernatural tale . Twenty years after her groundbreaking solo debut , "  Little Earthquakes , " Tori Amos talked to CNN about the irony of her getting kicked out of classical music school , women 's sharp and deadly tongues and why she has no desire to be 30 again . CNN : "  Night of Hunters " is such an elaborate concept album . How did this story unfold , not just musically , but in your own head ? Amos : I was traveling about a year ago through Europe and the one thing that I began to hear from people is how much their lives could change in a day . Really what this is about is a woman 's psychological experience and the shattering of a relationship . It 's about her emotional breakthrough that happens from dusk 'til dawn . I 've been working on a piece for the National Theater for , like , 5,000 years , but that 's different because you have scenes with text . Song cycles work on a poetic level , not like a play or musical . I wanted there to be a poetic level to this  album  , where the poems come to life , and the emotion , but the plotline is n't necessarily in the songs themselves . For a song cycle to work , you have to feel these things when you hear them and you either have an emotional reaction to it or you do n't . The plotline is something that gets woven together in the backstory . But when  classical music label  Deutsche/Grammophon approached me and said , We heard you 're working on this musical , what about if you did a 21st century song cycle based on classical themes ? I said , "  What about if I  do n't  ? " CNN : You obviously came around . Amos : Yeah , but I mean , Jesus Christ , it 's a tall order ! CNN : Were n't you kicked out of the Peabody Conservatory when you were 5 for being too radical and not adhering to their classical norms ? Amos : Yeah , that 's kinda funny . It 's true . CNN : You had n't thought about it before ? Amos : I have , but it 's true . I was kicked out because they did n't think I could embrace the classical path . The dean that is there now has reached out in the last few months to my dad and has said that the Peabody is a very , very different place of learning than it was in the '70s . It would need to be because they were n't anywhere near where Deutsche/Grammophon was and this is one of the greatest classical places of all time . CNN : The musical you talked about for the National Theater is ` The Light Princess , ' based on the book by George MacDonald ? Amos : It was , but we changed it because our story became very different . CNN : What happened ? Are there any aspects that remain ? Amos : She floats . That 's about it . I did n't really like her in the book . I felt it was from a man 's perspective and I had no idea about how she felt that she had this incredible ability , but was treated like she had a disability . It was very much through the eyes of the patriarchal male force and I never got a sense of her , her friends , her perspective and what her life would have been like . So it 's a very different world , our world . The key things are about power and about growing up and realizing as you grow up that there are consequences for the choices you make , especially when you get seduced by power . CNN : You have a daughter , Natashya Hawley , who is a preteen . What do you say to her about nurturing herself and cultivating her interests and being aware of her own power ? Amos : I think the big thing for her is the peer group , which inspired some of the musical and seeing how important the peer group is for that age . A comment from a friend , especially things about weight or appearance , how they look , can be so damaging that , as a mother sometimes , you have to think , OK , how am I going to say something that is going to neutralize what a friend said who seemed to want to wound ? Sometimes they do want to wound each other because you know how it is with girls . I do n't know how it happens , but they know how to flay somebody just by licking their lips . CNN : But there 's also a great sense of community that girls and women have when there 's not a sense of competition or jealousy . Amos : That 's right . And yet all of us have sometimes begrudgingly looked at somebody else and said , Well , I 'm happy things are going well for them but I 've worked just as hard ! We 've all had that moment of , Yes I 'm happy for her and would n't it be great if Lady Luck would smile on me because I 've been an elf working at Santa 's shop for years . CNN : The track ` Carry ' stood out sonically because , even without knowing that it was the closing track on the album , you could really get a sense of a dawn breaking and a wholeness that had been restored . Amos : I hope women can take that away . As the sun sets , we 've all had those nights where you question your choices and where your life is going . Sometimes it seems like we 're closer to our manicurists than we are our own souls . We have to find ways to get in touch with that and to listen to it and to hear it . CNN : It has been 20 years since ` Little Earthquakes ' was released . Do you have any different opinions or reflections on that album today ? Amos : Twenty years ago , you do n't really think about the self-worth challenges that you 'll have becoming 50 . I do n't mean a successful person or intelligent person , I mean a desirable person . And I do n't mean in a tight dress , I 'm just talking about walking with each step and having a wonderment and wanting to be exactly where you are . Some people say , I 'd give anything to be 30 again . Well , I really would n't . I did n't enjoy being 30 . Making ` Little Earthquakes ' was great , but I did n't have a calm and I did n't know how to laugh . I think becoming a mom is the greatest gift that ever happened to me . I say that 's one of the key shifts in my life that has gotten me to this place today . But with each year , you always have to be listening , be listening to your own soul , be growing .	Her newest album , "  Night of Hunters , " was released on September 20 The ablum is a fable about one woman 's lost love and her emotional journey "  Night of Hunters " uses Amos ' familiar themes of spirit guides and magical elixirs
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japanese prosecutors have indicted two American sailors on charges that they raped a Japanese woman on the island of Okinawa last month , a case that has deepened tensions between local residents and the U.S. military . The arrest of the two suspects prompted outraged reactions from Japanese officials and resulted in the imposition of a curfew by the U.S. military on its troops in Japan . The two suspects , both from a base in Fort Worth , Texas , were indicted by Naha District Court on Tuesday afternoon , according to a statement from the public affairs office of the U.S. Commander , Naval Forces Japan . They were arrested last month on Okinawa , which lies south of the main Japanese islands , on allegations that they raped a woman in the early hours of October 16 , leaving her with an injury to her neck . They were staying at a U.S. Air Force base on Okinawa while in transit . According to the Navy statement , Aviation Electrician 's Mate Skyler Dozierwalker faces a charge of rape by group resulting in injury , and Aviation Machinist 's Mate Airman Christopher Browning faces a charge of rape by group resulting in injury , as well as a charge of robbery . Both men are 23 years old . The Okinawa prosecutors ' office declined to disclose information about the indictment by telephone and did n't provide a statement . The issue of violent crimes by U.S. troops in Japan has divided the two countries for decades . It came to a peak in 1995 when a U.S. sailor and two U.S. Marines were convicted of raping a 12-year-old girl . Tens of thousands of Okinawans took to the streets at the time demanding that the United States leave the island . Relations between the U.S. military and the people of Okinawa have also been strained in recent months over the U.S. Marine Corps ' deployment of MV-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft to a base on the island . Some Okinawa residents are concerned because the Osprey has had a reputation for crashing . The Okinawan community has long been against the presence of the U.S. military , which recently announced that thousands of Marines will be moved to a base in Guam . The rape charges against the two U.S. sailors come just months after a U.S. Marine was arrested over accusations he assaulted and molested a woman in Naha , the capital of Okinawa . And the situation was compounded last week by allegations that a U.S. airman broke into a family 's home on the island and assaulted a teenage boy before jumping off a third-floor balcony . Okinawa police are investigating the incident , which appears to have taken place during the hours when the U.S. military curfew is supposed to be in effect .	Two suspects are accused of raping a Japanese woman and injuring her neck The case has drawn outrage from Japanese officials and Okinawa residents The issue of violent crimes , especially rapes , by U.S. troops in Japan has divided the nations
New York  CNN  -- A man who called New York City 's 911 center twice early Sunday , threatening to "  kill some cops , " was later shot and killed by police when he charged at responding officers with a knife . Officers first used a Taser gun on Emmanuel Paulino , 24 , then shot him when he continued to lunge at them , according to the New York police department . He was pronounced dead at a local hospital . Transcripts of the calls showed someone ready to pick a fight . 911 Operator : "  911 Operator , where is your emergency ? " Suspect : "  Yeah , I want you to call the cops cause I 'm ready to kill . " 911 Operator : "  What ? " Suspect : "  I 'm ready to kill some cops right now . " 911 Operator : "  You 're ready to kill some cops ? Where are you ? " Suspect : "  Yeah , -LSB- lists address -RSB- , New York , I 'm right here , outside . " Operator : "  OK so what 's going on there ? " Suspect : "  Yeah , I 'm ready to kill cops right now . " Operator : "  Oh , OK . " Suspect : "  OK , yeah , get em , I 'm -LSB- Inaudible -RSB- I 'll be right here . " The police report says officers responded to the 911 calls of "  threats to a police officer " to the 120 block of Vermilyea Avenue where they found Paulino with a knife in his hand . "  The officers verbally identified themselves and ordered the suspect numerous times to drop his weapon . The suspect ignored the police officers ' orders , " the police report said . "  The patrol supervisor  Sergeant  discharged his non lethal Taser at the suspect striking him in the body . The suspect did rip the electrical prongs from his body . " Nine witnesses told investigators they saw him continue to charge at police with a knife before he was hit with the Taser gun , according to the police report . When Paulino continued to lunge at them , the officers fired their weapons , hitting him several times in the upper body , police said . Paulino was pronounced dead at Columbia Pavilion hospital .	Man threatens police in calls to emergency center The suspect is hit with a Taser , then shot by police The suspect reportedly had a knife , witnesses say in a police report
CNN  Lessons from the zoo : Here are four surprising animal facts only zookeepers know . From Dr. Seuss to Dr. Dolittle , pop culture has made life with wild animals look like a blast . But for those who work there , a day at the zoo is no picnic . In the forthcoming episode of "  Inside Man , " CNN host Morgan Spurlock becomes the latest human to weave his way within the fur and feathers , trying his hand as a zookeeper . For those looking to follow in Spurlock 's dung-encrusted footsteps , here are a few lessons best learned ahead of time : 1 . If a gorilla is pursing his  or her  lips , it 's best to direct thine eyes in another direction As Spurlock learned in his visit to the Detroit Zoo -- a facility that 's been home to animals for nearly a century -- gorillas interpret direct eye contact as a threat . "  So usually you look chest high on them , or directly past them , " one experienced zookeeper told Spurlock . Otherwise , you may find yourself staring at what she said is known as "  threat face . " "  They stand very rigid and very tall and then purse their lips , and really very tight . " When giving up anywhere between 200 and 300 pounds , "  threat face " does n't exactly put a smile on an amateur zookeeper 's own kisser . 2 . If you 're working with penguins , bring your own eggs In captivity , penguins are n't permitted to nest atop their own eggs , for fear they 'll break . Instead , when breeding season concludes , the zoos pull the real eggs and transport them to their own incubation room and nursery . Fake eggs are put in their place , leaving the penguins to wonder why nothing has hatched . "  They 'll kind of hang out for a couple more days and then they are often completely forgotten , " a penguin handler said . The zoo 's argument is that separating the chicks from the mother penguin serves to further grow the population . But Spurlock was uneasy about the arrangement : "  I found it a little bit concerning that the penguins were being raised in incubators away from their parents , only to live lives entirely in captivity . " 3 . If you have a thing for elephants , it might be best to seek the experience elsewhere Zoos are n't a great place to house elephants , largely because of , well , their largeness . Elephants are meant to be moving , roaming , eating , exploring . Kept in captivity , the mammoth mammal will develop a variety of health concerns , many having to do with the feet and toes . It 's a lesson learned by the staff in Detroit , resulting in what was likely quite a road trip . "  They would have to be cooped up inside for months at a time and we just felt that that 's wrong . We knew they were suffering , " explained Ron Kagan . "  After a lot of , you know , heartache we finally said what 's best for them is to do this , and ultimately were successful and sent them to a fabulous sanctuary in California . " After traveling from the Motor City to the Sunshine State , the elephants picked up an additional 2,000 acres through which to meander . "  Here there are no cages and no visitors ... just a lot of space to roam free , " explained Spurlock . "  While ` Winky ' unfortunately passed away a few years ago , ` Wanda ' seems to be enjoying her life away from the crowds . " 4 . When it comes to food , Mother  Nature  knows best In the Detroit Zoo , veterinarians have noticed an increase in heart disease , a condition that likely stems from a combination of factors , including diet . While zookeepers try to replicate the gorillas ' natural fare , they can only come so close . "  Well , although we 're feeding them vegetables like they would get in the wild , it 's not the same plants that they would be getting in the wild , " said Ann Duncan , chief veterinarian at the Detroit Zoo . "  You 've seen they get a lot of leaves , but I do n't think they 're getting romaine in their wild habitats . " The altered food source , plus confinement and genetics , has yielded ailments not found in freer versions of the species . It 's an equation that left Spurlock wondering about the existence of zoos . "  It 's pretty disappointing to hear that they are suffering from heart disease , an illness they likely would n't have in the wild , " he said . "  It really makes me question why we would want to keep breeding more animals in captivity who may suffer the same fate . "	From Dr. Seuss to Dr. Dolittle , life with wild animals may look like fun , but working at a zoo is no picnic Here are some lessons best learned ahead of time
Toulouse , France  CNN  -- The suspect in a deadly shooting spree at a Jewish school in France knows he is being hunted and might carry out another attack , Paris Chief Prosecutor Francois Molins warned Tuesday . He said the killer is "  very determined " and has committed premeditated murders , targeting victims based on their race or religion . "  The criminal is anti-Semitic or terrorist , " Molins said . "  One does not exclude the other . " The shooting on Monday was the third fatal attack on minorities in southwest France in eight days . The region remains on scarlet alert , the highest level in France , after a teacher and three children -- two of them his own young sons -- were gunned down Monday at Ozar Hatorah , a Jewish school in Toulouse . The other victim , the daughter of the school 's director , was killed in front of her father . In Monday 's incident , a man wearing a motorcycle helmet and driving a motor scooter pulled up in front of the Jewish school just before 8 a.m. and started shooting , authorities said . He shot his victims in the head , local journalist Gil Bousquet said . The gunman then fled , Interior Ministry spokesman Pierre-Henry Brandet said . The same method was used in the earlier soldiers ' shootings . One of the guns used Monday was also used in the killings of French soldiers of North African and Caribbean origin on March 11 and March 15 , said Elisabeth Allannic , a spokeswoman for judicial authorities in Paris . The first victim was a 39-year-old man , shot in Toulouse , while the other two were 24 and 26 , according to French authorities . A court in Paris has opened an investigation into the three killings , under anti-terrorism powers . It is the first time a scarlet alert has been declared , French media reports say . The status means the state can implement sweeping security measures to guard against an imminent threat of major terrorist attacks . Measures include increased security at schools , heightened surveillance of Jewish and Muslim sites , restrictions on traffic and access to public buildings , additional police on duty and extra scrutiny of passengers and baggage on public transport , the local Haute-Garonne authorities said Monday in an online statement . France , with one of the largest Jewish populations in Europe , had 389 reported acts of anti-Semitism in 2011 , according to the Representative Council of Jewish Institutions in France , known by the French acronym CRIF . The group issued a statement saying that while it is too early to determine definitively the motive for the crime , it appears to be a case of anti-Semitism . It called for increased security at places of worship and study as the investigation continues . Exceptional measures have been put in place to find the suspect as soon as possible , Molins told reporters in Paris . Investigators must verify witness accounts and analyze some 7,800 hours of surveillance footage , he said . The witness accounts indicate that the criminal is slim and around 1.75 meters tall  5 foot , 9 inches  , he said . All the victims were shot in the head at point-blank range , he added . Interior Minister Claude Gueant said authorities are investigating the possibility that neo-Nazis may have been behind the attacks . The gunman wore a camera on his chest during the attack , Gueant told Europe 1 on Tuesday . The minister said a witness told authorities about the device , but it was not clear whether it recorded the crime , Gueant said . France observed a minute of silence in memory of the victims on Tuesday morning , with President Nicolas Sarkozy marking it at a school in Paris . "  This happened in Toulouse , in a religious school , to children from Jewish families , but it could have happened here , " he told the students . "  It could have been the same assassin . These children are exactly like you . " Fear , confusion on streets of Toulouse The bodies of the four victims arrived at Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport , said an official with the Consistory of Paris , a group representing Jewish communities . Sarkzoy and Joel Mergui , the president of the Consistory of Paris , were present to receive them . The bodies were to be flown late Tuesday to Israel and buried Wednesday morning in Jerusalem . Sarkozy wrote Monday to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to express his condolences for the loss of the victims , three of whom -- the teacher and his sons -- held dual Israeli-French citizenship . The teacher was born and raised in Bordeaux , in southwestern France , but pursued his religious studies in Israel . He married and had children before returning to teach at the Toulouse school , the consistory said . The decision to send the bodies to Israel was made because of their faith rather than their nationality , the consistory said . As practicing Jews , their burial in the birthplace of Judaism ensures that their remains will not be tampered with , it added . Forty percent of French practicing Jews are buried in Israel , the consistory said . Sarkozy , who is running for re-election , suspended his campaign in light of the wave of violence against minorities . France has a complex history with the far right . There has been steady if minority support for the National Front party founded by Jean-Marie Le Pen and now led by his daughter , Marine . The senior Le Pen came in second in the 2002 presidential elections , and his daughter is a candidate this year . Sarkozy himself said in an interview earlier this month that France has too many immigrants . "  Our system of integration is working worse and worse , because we have too many foreigners on our territory and we can no longer manage to find them accommodation , a job , a school , " he told France 2 TV on March 6 . Historian and author Patrick Weil told CNN it is likely that public shock over the attacks will calm the campaign rhetoric directed at minorities . Security heightened in U.S. synagogues Police in New York , Washington and San Francisco increased patrols of synagogues and Jewish institutions , with New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly citing fears someone might stage a "  copy-cat " attack . But he and the city 's mayor stressed there was no "  specific " intelligence indicating an active threat . CNN 's Anna Pritchard , Bharati Naik , Jim Bittermann and Dheepthi Namasivayam contributed to this report .	Witnesses describe the gunman as slim , 5-foot-9 , prosecutor Francois Molins says All the victims were shot in the head from point-blank range , the prosecutor says Interior Minister Claude Gueant says authorities looking at possible neo-Nazi involvement The gunman who killed 4 at a Jewish school was wearing a camera , the minister says
CNN  -- The biggest security operation ever seen in Ireland is being put in place ahead of Queen Elizabeth 's visit next week . More than 6,000 Irish police officers and Defence Forces troops -- army , navy and air corps -- will be deployed in Dublin , with thousands more at other locations on the queen 's itinerary . Potential threats from the air will be tackled by anti-aircraft guns , and seven military planes will patrol Irish airspace . A special forces unit is on standby in the event of a terrorist attack , and bomb disposal teams are also on high alert . Trash receptacles have been taken off the streets of Dublin , and thousands of manhole covers have been sealed while 40 kilometers of crowd-control barriers are in place around the capital . "  This will be the biggest security operation ever seen in the history of the state , " said garda  police  spokesman Superintendent John Gilligan . It 's estimated the security operation will cost 30 million euros , about $ 42 million . Surveillance has been stepped up on known republican dissidents , who are planning demonstrations at key stopoff points during the four-day tour . The Phoenix Park , where the Queen and her husband will be staying , will also be closed , shutting off one of the main arterial routes into Dublin . Rolling closures will affect several other main routes throughout Dublin . Parking is banned on up to 30 streets from 6 a.m. Saturday until Friday . Security forces are expected to be particularly stretched Wednesday night , with the Europa League football final taking place at the Aviva Stadium in Dublin .	6,000 police officers and military troops deployed in Dublin Anti-aircraft guns , military planes at the ready Record security operation expected to cost 30 million euros
CNN  -- Your grown-up kids are n't coming home for Christmas . They 're all married , and it 's the in-laws ' turn to host dinner in another state . Or your divorce is finally final , and your ex has the kids this year . Yes , you can celebrate a few days later , but what do you do on Christmas ? "  The holidays are an extremely difficult time and bring up a lot of memories of the missing loved ones , " said R. Robert Auger , a psychiatrist with the Mayo Clinic . "  Break the familiar routine that could bring up potentially painful memories , " Auger suggested . Whatever your circumstances , it 's your time . For you , the anti-Christmas crowd , we offer a range of options to get away from St. Nick . While it may be too late for a far-flung escape this year , imagine yourself taking these trips next year and put your name at the top of Santa 's list . Spiritual exploration in India Head to northern India to explore the four major religious traditions of the Indian Himalaya . Asia Transpacific Journeys offers its "  In the Realm of the Spirit " tour , which explores the Buddhist tradition in Ladakh , the Sikh tradition in Amritsar , the mystic yogic tradition in Rishikesh and the Dalai Lama 's home in exile in Dharamsala . The agency will customize a December trip with a private car and driver at about the same cost as its 17-day tour scheduled for September  which starts at $ 8,295  . This trip ends at the Ananda Spa in the Himalayas , voted as the world 's best destination spa by CondÃ © Nast Traveler . iReport : Atheists , do you celebrate the holidays ? "  The cultures in this area of northern India practice four different religious traditions -- Hinduism , Buddhism , Jainism and Sikhism , " said Rebecca Mazzaro , Asia Transpacific Journeys ' India specialist . "  It 's a compelling and eye-opening experience to spend Christmas gaining an understanding of other faiths , even while our own culture is celebrating its biggest religious holiday . Visits to sacred religious sites , orphanages and practicing meditation might not be your traditional present-exchange-type thing to do at Christmas . But on a holiday celebrating the birth of Jesus , it 's easy to imagine Christ making a similar pilgrimage . " Thai elephant ride Explore Thailand 's Golden Triangle in luxury at the Four Seasons Tented Camp Golden Triangle . A three-day adventure includes private round-trip transfers between Chiang Rai International Airport and the camp , accommodations , food and drink , one spa treatment , training to drive an elephant , trekking and a Golden Triangle trip . "  Guests will learn to drive an Asian elephant , travel down the Mekong River , and have the opportunity to relax in this extraordinary jungle location , " Ellen Bettridge , vice president of American Express U.S. Retail Travel Network , said in an e-mail . Members of American Express ' Fine Hotels & Resorts program who book with a Platinum Card receive guaranteed late checkout and special amenities . Guests may also contribute to the rescue of elephants from Thai cities through donations to the Golden Triangle Asian Elephant Foundation . Rates begin at $ 2,500 . It 's Vegas , baby While tourists visiting Las Vegas can celebrate a traditional Christmas , why not be decadent instead ? For those looking for a high-end experience , travelers can get 30 % off at the Wynn Las Vegas or Encore at Wynn Las Vegas . The Aria is offering 20 % off , plus two free buffets . The Mandalay Bay is also offering 20 % off , plus two free buffets . "  Guests looking for nontraditional celebrations can do anything from take a helicopter ride to see a burlesque show , relax at a spa or even mingle with a celebrity at a nightclub , " said Dan Hippler , vice president of marketing for VEGAS.com , where more hotel and show deals are available . Jewish New York Jewish residents of New York know Christmas Day is the best time to eat Chinese food and see an opening-day movie . To dig a little deeper into the Lower East Side 's present-day Jewish worship and rich history dating back to 1654 , book a custom tour with the Lower East Side Jewish Conservancy , where trained tour guides specializing in different aspects of Jewish life are available , starting at $ 125 . Tours can focus on a group 's specific interests , religious traditions and kid-friendly walks . "  We make it possible for people to get inside a lot of less well-known but historical centers and sacred sites on the Lower East Side , " said Laurie Tobias Cohen , the group 's executive director . The conservancy also recommends nearby hotels and restaurants . Call in advance to make reservations , especially for December 23-26 . Too much togetherness ? Even if you enjoy celebrating with your loved ones , too much togetherness can get overwhelming . Guests at Eventi , a Kimpton Hotel in Manhattan , can take a break with the hotel 's In-Law Relief Package during the Christmas weekend . The package is available December 23-26 and includes a $ 50 credit at the mini bar , 20 % off the hotel spa , complimentary gift wrapping , free spiked cider cocktails , eggnog , menorah lighting , dreidels and gelt during wine hour . Call 866-996-8396 and use promo code INLAW when booking . If you 're not traveling to Manhattan , consider that any hotel qualifies as a home away from your relatives . Think about someone else Say you ca n't afford to travel halfway around the world to get away from Christmas . Call to volunteer at a soup kitchen on the holiday . Head to your local senior living facility , where many staffers want to celebrate Christmas with their families but still have to work on the holiday . Get out of your head and do a good deed . It 's good for you .	In India , travelers can explore religious traditions of Hinduism , Buddhism , Jainism , Sikhism Learn to drive an elephant and travel down the Mekong River in Thailand Go behind the scenes of the Lower East Side 's vibrant Jewish community
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Rims and bling ? They 're "  super-played out , " Common said , explaining that hip-hop is finding another direction and President Obama is helping point the way . Rapper/actor Common says he is not hearing as much "  gangsta talk " in hip-hop lately . Common spoke of the "  Obama effect " before a recent performance in Atlanta during the Hennessy Artistry Series . The Chicago , Illinois-born rapper/actor , who has appeared in the movies "  Wanted " and "  American Gangster , " spoke on a variety of topics , including the virtues of playing with live bands such as The Roots , who are co-hosting the series with him . Watch why hip-hop should inspire " However , he skirted questions about recent outbursts by rapper Kanye West and tennis star Serena Williams . West is a friend and fellow Chicago rapper who has produced two of Common 's albums , and Williams is reportedly dating Common . "  People that I care about , that I consider being friends of mine , most of the things I discuss with them I would n't discuss in public because it 's a real relationship , " he said . "  It 's not a relationship for the public , you know ? " He did , however , spend a few minutes providing a progress report on Obama 's influence on hip-hop . Nine months ago , Common told CNN he believed Obama 's presidency would change the attitudes of many hip-hop artists . "  I think hip-hop artists will have no choice but to talk about different things and more positive things , and try to bring a brighter side to that because , even before Barack , I think people had been tired of hearing the same thing , " he said in December . Read his December conversation with CNN On Saturday , Common said he is already seeing signs that Obama is making a mark on a musical genre often vilified because of its focus on drugs , violence and the degradation of women . "  I also do n't find as much gangsta talk , " he said . "  You see the whole chain-shining-and-rim era is gone . That 's like super-played out . Just to have that , I think , is part of the Obama effect . " Also improving the industry , making it a more "  independent-thinking entity , " he said , is that record labels and corporations hold less sway over the production process than they have in the past . Watch Common perform with The Roots " "  So you find these artists that are having that independent thinking of being able to go out and create for themselves , " he said . Common , born Lonnie Rashid Lynn Jr. , believes hip-hop patrons want to hear more positive , upbeat messages in songs , and he believes the "  conscious rapper " -- that is , the more socially aware -- is on the rise . "  People always want to feel better and be inspired , " he said . "  Sometimes we need it . I think the conscious rapper will always be able to live and exist . " Obama and the American spirit , he said , are prodding the movement along . Common said he hopes more rappers abandon vacuous materialistic ideals and the glorification of vices plaguing American communities -- "  and if whatever MC does n't , I will , " he warned . "  I think Obama is definitely bringing people to be able to inspire people to create for themselves , " he said . "  What America was built on was being able to say , ` Hey , we 're going to come in and use our resources to build for ourselves and our communities and build around that . We 're not going to depend on others . ' "  I think that 's what hip-hop is starting to do to a certain extent . I think it 's a great thing . "	Common politely declines comment on friends Kanye West , Serena Williams Chicago rapper/actor gives progress report on President Obama 's effect on hip-hop "  I also do n't find as much gangsta talk " in hip-hop lately , he explains Socially aware rappers on rise because "  people want to feel better , be inspired "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- After two nail-biting periods , the New Jersey Devils and Los Angeles Kings remained tied 0-0 in Game 4 of the Stanley Cup finals Wednesday . New Jersey goaltender Martin Brodeur and Los Angeles goalie Jonathan Quick seemingly put up walls in front of their nets in a defensive struggle . Among the celebrities in attendance were longtime Kings fans Matthew Perry and Alyssa Milano , along with Will Ferrell , who made a raucous video cheering the Kings that went viral throughout now-hockey-crazy Los Angeles . Kings fans , most dressed in their home team 's black , roared throughout the contest and chanted "  MVP " each time Quick stopped a serious scoring chance by the Devils . From the start , the Los Angeles Kings seemed doomed to be underdogs . They are a hockey team in a land without snow or even ice . They could n't even find a puck for their first practice in 1967 . Not even the Great One , Wayne Gretzky , could bring the team a Stanley Cup . And to marginalize them further , the Kings had to compete for fans against other local teams , some legendary : the Lakers , the Dodgers , the Angels and the Clippers . But the Kings are positioned to win their first Stanley Cup in the franchise 's 44-year history , and they could do it in grand fashion by sweeping the Devils in game 4 of the best-of-seven championship series . The Kings have been having a Cinderella run , entering the playoffs as the lowest seed in their conference . But they have been nearly unbeatable , with a 15-2 playoff record . In his 39th season as the announcer for Kings games , Hockey Hall of Famer Bob Miller said the anticipation was unbearable . "  It is emotional for me , and I 'm wondering what it 's gon na be like when it actually happens and I see  team captain  Dustin Brown lift that Stanley Cup , because there were years that a lot of us in the organization felt , ` will we ever see this ? ' " Miller said . At their first practice in 1967 , after the league awarded a franchise to Los Angeles , the team 's pucks were "  stored under boxes and equipment , and they had no puck , " Miller said . Making sense of the L.A. Kings A Hollywood producer borrowed a puck that had been a gift from the Montreal Canadiens and gave it to the team , Miller said . "  They 've come a long way since the days of one puck , that 's for sure , " Miller said . The Staples Center in downtown Los Angeles , home of the Kings , is seeing a run on team apparel . It 's an unlikely scenario because the arena usually sports the colors and merchandise of the Lakers and Clippers , the NBA teams that both call it home . "  I 'm so fired up right now that I got up this morning , put shoes on and came down here to get this jersey . I had a T-shirt . I said , ' I need a jersey to keep me for real , be there for them . Let 's be there when they end it ! ' " fan Vincent "  Butch " Frankel said . "  That 's gon na be Wednesday night ! Kings goin ' to go all the way ! " Inside the stadium , fans were anxious . "  I 've been a Kings fan for 40 years and had a season 's seat for 25 years , " said Cheryl Baggs , holding a plastic cup of white wine . "  I 've waited a long time for this , so it 's chardonnay now , and I hope it 's champagne later . " Grabbing a beer at a concession stand , Daniel Medina said he was glad to see the Kings as the successful ones this time of year now that the Lakers and Clippers have been eliminated from the playoffs . "  It 's just great to see the focus on the Kings now instead of those other teams , " Medina said . Two other fans drove in from Las Vegas , five hours away . "  They underachieved all season , and so I think that now they are actually living up to their potential and showing everybody that they really were the team to beat , " said Emily Kolbus , who was joined by her friend , Kaleigh . Kings have found a way to be better Actor and rapper LL Cool J , more of a basketball fanatic , has even caught the fever , he said . "  Normally during this time of year , I 'm watching the NBA playoffs , but a friend of mine invited me to the hockey game , and I decided to take him up on his offer , and I got ta tell you , it did not disappoint , " he said . "  You know , the hockey games live , the hockey match live , is some serious business . It 's serious . It 's great . "	NEW : L.A. Kings and New Jersey Devils are tied 0-0 after two periods Kings are having a Cinderella run in the playoffs They are up 3-0 in championship finals going into Wednesday 's game against New Jersey The hockey team entered the postseason as the lowest seed in their conference
CNN  -- The U.S. team took to the field for its clash against Portugal with these words inscribed on its jersey patches : "  The American will to win is stronger than any opponent in your way . " For 94 minutes on Sunday , they persevered . They were down , then they equalized , then they led . But , with mere seconds to go , Team USA 's dogged determination was torpedoed by a header from Silvestre Varela . What seemed like a sure win ended in a disappointing 2-2 draw . "  A draw is just blah , " U.S. goalie Tim Howard said . Now , the U.S. team will have to find steelier resolve for its next contest , against soccer powerhouse Germany on Thursday . A lot rides on that game , if the U.S. wants to advance to the next round . But before we get to that , let 's look back at the drama and emotion of Sunday 's spectacle . Cheers , then silence From Arkansas to Alaska , American fans had flocked to Brazil . Some made it all the way to the jungle heat of Manaus where the game took place ; others joined a crowd of about 20,000 people gathered in front of a big screen in Rio de Janeiro , chanting their belief in an American victory . Back at home , bars and streets were packed with people -- an unusual sight in a country that is ordinarily indifferent to soccer . "  What 's for dinner ? Portugal , " an oft-repeated joke went . Portugal netted the ball first . If one were to go by history , that would have been disastrous . In 20 games , the U.S. has never recovered when the opposing team scored the first goal . But then , Jermaine Jones thumped in a stunning long-range shot to bring the score to 1-1 . The noise was deafening . And when Clint Dempsey put the United States ahead 2-1 , cheers erupted even on a flight from Los Angeles to New York . All the U.S. had to do next was bide time -- keep possession of the ball , keep an increasingly desperate Portugal at bay . They did -- until the end of the game and for four of the five minutes of stoppage time . But Varela 's crushing late equalizer -- headed in from a pinpoint cross by Portugal 's talisman , Cristiano Ronaldo -- stunned the U.S. supporters . But shock soon turned to grudging satisfaction . A tie is n't as bad as a defeat . After all , Portugal is ranked No. 4 in the world ; the U.S. No. 13 . A tie also gives another point for the U.S. , moving it closer to qualifying for the knockout stages . ` You have to move on ' The team captain certainly was n't dwelling on the Portugal game 's cruel finale . "  You 're disappointed not to get three points but at the same time you have to take the positives from the game , " Dempsey said . The team now has its sights set firmly on Germany . That confrontation is an intriguing one for U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann , who played for the German team that won the World Cup in 1990 . But he did n't show any conflicted loyalties in his comments Sunday . "  We have one day less to recover . They played yesterday , we played today , " he told ESPN . "  We played in the Amazon , and they played in the very kind of location where they do n't have to travel much . Everything was done for the big favorites to go and move on . We have to do it the tough way , but we 're going to do it the tough way . " Win or tie enough The key question for American fans is what their team has to do to get through to the next round . The good news is that the U.S. players have their fate in their own hands : a win or a tie would be enough to see them through . A victory against Germany on Thursday , unlikely but not impossible , would put the United States top of the group with seven points . A tie would also be good enough to qualify , leaving Team USA second on five points , level with Germany , which would finish top because of a better goal difference . ... but a loss ? In the event of a German win , things get a lot more complicated , but not necessarily catastrophic for the Americans . If Portugal and Ghana tie , the United States would stay in second place on four points .  Portugal and Ghana only have one point each at the moment . If Ronaldo leads Portugal to victory , it would pull level with the United States . At that point , it would all depend on goal difference . The Americans currently have scored one more goal than they have conceded . The Portuguese , meanwhile , have let in four more goals than they 've scored . Portugal would need a big victory or an especially heavy U.S. defeat to tip the goal difference to their advantage . ` We have to make it ' If Ghana beats Portugal , the margins are a lot slimmer . Ghana currently has a negative goal difference of just one . So if Ghana wins by more than one goal , and the United States loses by one or more goals , Ghana would snatch second place . It 's all complicated math . But Klinsmann appears determined to make sure there is n't a need for it . "  So we did n't make it quite yet , " he told ESPN . "  We have to make it against Germany . " World Cup 5 things : You 'll need two screens today CNN 's Chris Cuomo contributed to this report .	Team USA faces Germany in the final group game on Thursday A win or a tie would be enough to take the U.S. to the knockout stages A defeat would mean the team 's fate rests on the result of the Portugal-Ghana game
With all of the fake sharks flying around TV lately , some viewers wish the Discovery Channel would stick just to the facts . On Sunday , the network kicked off its popular predator-infested extravaganza , Shark Week , with the premiere of a dramatized special that explores the existence of prehistoric sharks called megalodons . Discovery billed the special , "  Megalodon : The Monster Shark That Lives , " as taking viewers "  on a search for a massive killer great white shark responsible for a rash of fatalities off the coast of South Africa . " Viewers were expecting to watch shark experts and scientists examine evidence that the massive creatures could still be swimming around somewhere . The only problem is that , as National Geographic notes , the megalodon has been extinct for millions of years , and viewers have complained they were n't presented with any evidence to the contrary . "  Dear discovery channel , your fake documentary that you are trying to pass off as reality is upsetting , " tweeted one viewer . "  The director of blair witch just tweeted that the #megalodon show is the worst thing he has seen since the blair witch project , " said another . David Shiffman , a doctoral student studying shark ecology and conservation at the University of Miami 's Abess Center for Ecosystem Science and Policy , told Nat Geo that he would n't expect this kind of programming from Discovery . "  If this megalodon special had aired on the Syfy Channel , I probably would have loved it , " he said . "  But Discovery bills itself as the premier science education television station in the world , and they 're perpetuating this utter nonsense . " The executive producer of Shark Week , Michael Sorensen , points out that Discovery aired three disclaimers for "  Megalodon , " including that "  none of the institutions or agencies that appear in the film are affiliated with it in any way , nor have approved its contents . " Additionally , the network warned that "  certain events and characters in this film have been dramatized , " and that "  legends of giant sharks persist all over the world ; there is still debate about what they may be . " It seems the point of "  Megalodon " was to raise questions more than present answers . "  With a whole week of Shark Week programming ahead of us , we wanted to explore the possibilities of Megalodon , " Sorensen said . "  It 's one of the most debated shark discussions of all time , ` can Megalodon exist today ? ' It 's  the  ultimate Shark Week fantasy . The stories have been out there for years and with 95 percent of the ocean unexplored , who really knows ? " It 's clear that TV audiences are interested in finding out . The "  Megalodon " show brought in record ratings for Discovery , with 4.8 million viewers tuning in . In the 26-year history of Shark Week , "  Megalodon " is the highest-rated and most-watched Shark Week episode to date .	The Discovery Channel is facing criticism for a shark week special It explored whether the prehistoric megalodon could still exist today Disgruntled viewers poked fun at the show online However , the special also brought in record ratings
Apple is releasing its latest operating system for the iPhone , iPad and iPod Touch today . The system , iOS 7 , will come installed on the new iPhone 5S and 5C models that go on sale Friday . Owners of some older Apple devices also can download it to replace their current systems . But should they ? Before you jump in and upgrade , here 's what you need to know about iOS 7 . What is iOS 7 ? Apple 's iOS is the software that controls all the basics of your gadget , including the look , feel , settings and hardware . iOS 7 is Apple 's latest update to this system and its biggest change since iOS debuted six years ago . Siri leaves beta , enters manhood What time is the iOS 7 download available ? Developers have been testing early versions of the new operating system for months , but Apple made it available to the general public at 1 p.m. ET today . To see whether it is available , go to Settings > General > Software Update on your device , or visit iTunes on your computer . How is it different from what 's already on my iPhone or iPad ? Six years is a long time to wear the same look . Apple 's iOS has received a major design overhaul in this version and now has a more streamlined , flat , abstract look . The typography is all new , and nice touches like transparency and subtle animations abound . There are also a handful of new features , though some are not available on all older devices . Here are a few of the biggies : • A new time-saving control center slides up from the bottom of the screen for easy access to basic settings such as brightness and Airplane Mode . It has shortcuts for the flashlight , timer , calculator and camera . • An updated notification center now shows a summary of what you have in store for the day and details on the weather and your commute . • The camera adds a square-photo option and new filters , while the photos app drops the map view and sorts your images into events by date and location . • It adds AirDrop , a feature for people who use iCloud that makes it easier to move photos and files between computers and mobile devices . • The Siri voice-search tool adds an option for male voice , defaults to Bing for Web searches and pulls in results from Twitter and Wikipedia . • Multitasking looks different . The same double-click of the home button now zooms you out to show a carousel of mini versions of all your open apps . iOS 7 wo n't require a great deal of re-learning . The basic layout and functions are the same : The home screen is still a grid of icons , there 's a dock with your favorite apps at the bottom , and the gestures you 've become used to work the same . There will probably be some initial confusion as you struggle to re-identify all the new icons , but a proper upgrade should leave them all in the same spots they were in before . New iPhones : The reviews are in Can I update my iPhone/iPad/iPod Touch ? Although iOS is coming out the same time as a pair of brand new iPhone models , it can also be installed for free on some older devices . At the press event announcing the new models , Apple CEO Tim Cook said there were 600 million devices running iOS . Just because you have a year-old iPhone 5 does n't mean you ca n't freshen it up with the latest operating system . Look for your device below to see whether it is eligible . • iPhone  original  : No • iPhone 3G : No • iPhone 3GS : No • iPhone 4 : Yes . Does not include AirDrop , Siri or camera filters  you can add filters later in the photos app  . • iPhone 4S : Yes . No AirDrop . • iPhone 5 : Yes . Includes all new iOS 7 features . • iPod Touch : Only the 5th-generation iPod Touch can upgrade but will include all new iOS 7 features . • iPad  original  : No • iPad 2 : Yes . No AirDrop , Siri , camera filters or square format , or Photos app filters . • iPad 3rd generation : Yes . No AirDrop or camera filters . • iPad 4th generation : Yes • iPad Mini : Yes Some of the cooler new features you may have heard about , like the Touch ID fingerprint sensor and the new camera tools -- slow-motion , burst mode and image-stabilization -- are available only on the new Phone 5S . Should I update ? Just because your device is compatible does n't mean it should be upgraded right away . Once you update your device to iOS 7 , there is no going back to iOS 6 or whichever earlier iOS you were running .  Yes , there are unofficial ways to downgrade , but these are not recommended for regular iPhone and iPad users . If you are not in a rush , wait a few weeks or months until Apple releases the first updated version of iOS 7 . The early releases of the operation system can include bugs that should be addressed with subsequent iOS 7 updates . Let other eager people spend the next few weeks finding and reporting these issues so you do n't have to deal with them . Older devices can experience frustrating performance issues when upgraded to a new OS . The iOS 7 software was designed specifically for the hardware that 's faster than your trusty old iPhone 4 . If your device is anything older than the most recent generation , it might suddenly slow down , and battery life can suffer . This should not be as much of a problem for newer devices , such as the iPhone 5 , 4th generation iPad and iPad Mini , or the latest iPod Touch . If you are worried about performance issues , skip the update . Updating immediately is recommended only for tech-savvy early adopters who are comfortable with the risks . Are there any downsides of not updating ? Immediately , not much . You wo n't have the new features to play with , but your phone will continue to work as it always did . In the long run , there could be a few drawbacks . Apple has been pushing developers to update their apps to be iOS 7 compatible . The updates can be as minor as changing the look of an icon or as major as adding all new features . Many developers may stop updating and supporting older versions of their apps as they move their focus to iOS 7 . That means eventually , you could be stuck with out-of-date  or even non-working  versions of your favorite apps . I 'm going for it ! How do I upgrade ? 1 . Back up : Before you make the leap , it is very important that you back up your iPhone or iPad . There is always a small chance your device could be wiped clean in the upgrade process , so make a full backup of everything . To back up , plug your device into your computer , open iTunes , and if it does not start backing up automatically , click the "  Back Up Now " button . If your photos are not set to back up automatically , use Image Capture or iPhone on a Mac and Windows Explorer on a Windows PC to make copies of all your pictures . Another option is to skip the cord and back up to iCloud over Wi-Fi . On your device , go to Settings > iCloud > Storage & Backup . Tap the "  Back Up Now " button . 2 : Download the new iOS : You can get the update by plugging into a computer and opening iTunes  this is the faster option  or over a Wi-Fi connection directly to your phone . If iTunes does n't automatically ask whether you 'd like to upgrade when you plug in , click "  Check For Updates " in the Summary tab . It will do the rest automatically . From your phone , go to Settings > Software Update and click the install button . Make sure your phone is fully charged and connected to a Wi-Fi network , not your cellular network .	Apple 's latest operating system for iPhones and iPad was released Wednesday iOS 7 is available for some older devices , but not all features will work A new OS can include bugs or slow down older devices Unless you are eager and tech-savvy , you probably should wait to update
Washington  CNN  -- "  I 'm going to appoint Thurgood Marshall to the  Supreme  Court . " This monumental , unexpected bombshell from President Lyndon Johnson -- spoken in private in the summer of 1965 -- set in motion a history-making drama , revealed for the first time in newly public audio tapes . In secret recordings and transcripts made exclusive to CNN , Johnson laid out a politically crafty plan that was years in the making to groom Marshall as the first African-American on the high court . It was part of a broader White House strategy to implement the president 's civil rights agenda , something he openly hoped would cement his legacy and strengthen the Democrats ' base . Marshall was unaware of all this when Johnson first called him on July 7 , 1965 . Marshall , then a federal appeals court judge in New York , had been summoned from lunch . The president , a master persuader , wastes little time making his point : "  I have a rather big problem that I wanted to talk to you about , " he says . "  I want you to give it some real thought because it 's something that I have thought about for weeks , and I think that we ca n't think of how it affects us personally . We 've got to think about the world , and our country . " "  Yes , sir , " Marshall replies , the usually verbose judge unable to get many more words in the conversation . Johnson then makes the pitch : "  I want you to be my solicitor general . " "  Wow , " is all Marshall can say , clearly in disbelief . "  I want the top lawyer in the United States representing me before the Supreme Court to be a negro . And be a damn good lawyer that 's done it before . So you have those peculiar qualifications . " He adds , "  I want to do this job that -LSB- Abraham -RSB- Lincoln started , and I want to do it the right way . " Leaving the security of a lifetime job on the bench for an uncertain political post -- where he could be fired at any time -- at first concerns Marshall , who asks for a day or two to think about the offer . But minutes later , he is sold . "  The answer 's ` yes . ' " ` Do it for the people of the world ' Then the president offers a tantalizing hint of bigger things to come . "  Nobody will ever know I talked to you . If you decide that you can do it , I think you ought to do it for the people of the world . ... And if there 's not something better , which I would hope there would be , that you would be more amenable to , there 'll be security for you because I 'm going to be here for quite awhile , " he says confidently . That "  something , " as later conversations that Johnson has with top aides reveals , is a Supreme Court appointment . It would come two years later in 1967 . The solicitor general spot would be a mere prelude to a bigger stage . The tapes are being released by the Miller Center at the University of Virginia , which is analyzing and transcribing secret White House tapes from the Franklin Delano Roosevelt to the Richard Nixon years . This latest disclosure comes as Justice Marshall is receiving a fresh burst of attention , thanks to a new play on his life starring award-winning actor Laurence Fishburne . His amazing transformation into the civil rights icon is stunning . HBO will air the play Thursday , videotaped from a performance this past summer at Washington 's Kennedy Center . Fishburne told CNN his is an honest portrayal . "  It 's all there , " he said of Marshall , whom he never met . "  I mean , we deal with his flaws and we deal with his strengths . We deal with his history ; we deal with his disappointments as well as his victories . So , it 's all there . It 's all there in the show . Warts and all . " Building on an already strong legacy Marshall had already cemented his legacy as a pioneering NAACP lawyer who won 29 of the 32 cases he argued before the justices , his future colleagues . That included Brown v. Board of Education , the landmark ruling ending segregation in public schools . By the time of his government appointments , Marshall was in his mid-50s and itching for new challenges . Less than two weeks after his new job offer , Johnson secretly makes clear he wants more for Marshall . On July 20 , 1965 , the president tells economist and informal adviser John Kenneth Galbraith about a pending Supreme Court vacancy that will ultimately go to Johnson friend Abe Fortas . But Johnson is already laying the groundwork for the next court seat . "  I 'm going to appoint Thurgood Marshall to the  Supreme  Court , " LBJ says flatly . "  Not to succeed him  current Justice Arthur Goldberg  , but after he 's solicitor  general  for a year . After he 's solicitor  general  for a year or two , the first vacancy I have . I have n't told anybody that , and I do n't want you to , but I brought him here . " Johnson mentions how Southern Senate Democrats held up Marshall 's 1961 appointment to the federal appeals bench for months . The president now believes with Marshall 's proven skill as a legal advocate , he would make a good solicitor general , arguing cases on behalf of the federal government before the high court . "  At the end of a year or two , " in his new job , Johnson predicts , "  no one can say that he 's not one of the best-qualified men that has ever -LSB- been -RSB- appointed . And then I 'm going to appoint him " to the high court . Going to Marshall for advice With a relationship established , Johnson was not shy about calling on his new solicitor general for some practical political advice . Marshall is asked to suggest names of other black leaders suitable for top administration posts , including agency heads and ambassadorships . The solicitor general suggests Whitney Young , Franklin Williams and Roy Wilkins . Marshall , despite being among just a handful of top black officials in the administration , appears slightly uncomfortable seeming to speak for all African-Americans in a purely political context . "  You got any suggestions , things we ought to be doing in this Negro field that we 're not ? I see that they say they 're getting very disillusioned with Johnson , " says the president , referring to himself in the third person . "  Well , I 'm going to get together with some of them within the two-week period and try to find out what 's going on , " replies Marshall . "  I 'm having great difficulty in finding out what they want . " That comment may reflect the internal divisions among many in the civil rights movement over direction and strategy in the wake of passage of the Civil Rights Act , Voting Rights Act and the Rev. Martin Luther King 's "  I Have a Dream " speech just a few years earlier . But it is clear from this conversation that LBJ is using Marshall 's grooming for the Supreme Court as the model he will use to boost other outstanding African American candidates to senior government positions . By October 1966 , some in the Johnson circle had begun quietly offering trial balloons in the press over whether Marshall might be a suitable justice . One U.S. News & World Report writer suggested he would not . "  Did you see the column today by David Lawrence ? " Johnson asks Nicholas Katzenbach , his former attorney general . "  He 's got a mean -- saying that Thurgood 's not the best-qualified man . That 's the net of it . " In a later conversation , Johnson 's reveals Marshall remains on his mind , and he reaches out to key lawmakers and civil rights leaders for their advice . "  I want to build him up where he 's impenetrable when he becomes a Supreme Court justice , " says the president . But he adds the future nominee knows nothing of this . "  I 've never told him I 'm going to appoint him , and do n't know that I am . But he 's damn sure going to be qualified . " Opportunity knocks for Johnson When Justice Tom Clark announced his retirement , the president was ready to make his move . On June 13 , 1967 , just moments before he separately calls Marshall to be his nominee , Johnson tells Attorney General Ramsey Clark -- whose father Marshall was about to replace -- of his plans . He dismisses whispers from some in Washington that Marshall is not ready to sit on the nation 's highest court . "  He does n't fit the mold . He 's not a Yale man and that kind of stuff , you know , " says Clark helpfully . "  Just a big , easy-going , very humane-type person . He does n't change his behavior to suit other people . Does n't wear striped pants . I think it 's a combination of those two factors " the public will embrace . The two men discuss how the Senate Judiciary Committee will treat Marshall , who will be ultimately confirmed later that summer . The day after the historic 69-11 Senate vote , Marshall 's wife , Cecilia , known as Cissy to her friends , calls the president personally to thank him . "  Now that I have stopped trembling a little , and now that we 're more or less legal , I thought I 'd like to call you and thank you again so much for the faith you have shown in Thurgood and so much that you have done for everybody . " Johnson replies in a sweet , soft voice , "  Well , I know he 'll be very worthy of it , and I know that both of us will be proud of him . " Marshall served on the Supreme Court until 1991 . He died in early 1993 .	Secret tapes of President Lyndon Johnson released exclusively to CNN Tapes reveal president 's long-term aspirations for Thurgood Marshall Johnson carefully laid out a path for Marshall to join Supreme Court , tapes show LBJ on Marshall : "  I want to build him up where he 's impenetrable "
LonelyPlanet.com  -- As temperatures plummet in the Northern Hemisphere , why not enjoy some of the great travel experiences that only a big chill can bring . We look at the world 's top seven winterland marvels , as chosen by Lonely Planet authors : 1 . The northern lights of Canada It 's the middle of night , in the middle of nowhere . It 's so dark that you can hold your hand three inches from your face and not see it . The silence is so complete that the low thud of snow falling from a nearby tree makes you jump . Your eyelashes are close to frozen and it 's a struggle to separate them when you blink . And yet you 'd happily sit there all night , for many nights to come , for the chance to see nature 's most mysterious sight : the northern lights . Lonely Planet : The world 's hottest cool places With little light pollution , optimum weather conditions  very cold , with plenty of clear nights  and its position directly beneath the prime-viewing zone of the auroral oval , Churchill in Canada is one of the best places in the world to see the northern lights . The Arctic tundra and boreal forest surrounding the town see over 300 nights of auroral activity each year . Displays might last hours , or be gone in a minute . Flashing neon pink , turquoise and green , the lights swirl across the sky in myriad imagined shapes  is that a walrus , a witch , a whale ?  before whipping back on themselves and disappearing . In the presence of such a spectacle , it 's easy to believe local Inuit myth that the aurora borealis are signals from the afterlife , particularly if you hear the sky crackle and swoosh as some claim . What is in no doubt during those moments when the lights whirl above your head is that you 're part of the greatest show on earth . 2 . Icebound St Petersburg January in St Petersburg . The city 's residents , long used to the cold , don fur hats and heavy coats to stand in line . Nowadays , they wait not for bread , but for art : frozen art . Every winter , sculptors transform blocks of ice into elaborate models of people , animals and objects . It 's a tradition that dates back to 1740 , when an entire ice palace was constructed to celebrate the birthday of the Empress Anna . Set against a backdrop of golden domes sparkling in the light of the low sun , the exhibit embodies the magic of St Petersburg in winter . Locals bypass the city 's bridges , slithering over the ice-covered rivers and canals to make their way across town . The Neva River is frozen solid , except for one large hole in front of the Peter Paul Fortress . This is the plunge pool for the Walrus Club , a group of swimmers who exhort the health benefits of a daily dip . When the cold finally seeps in , Petersburgers warm up with a vodka , served in an ice glass , from the ice bar . "  At least we can do something with all this ice other than slipping and falling on it ! " observes one happy patron . 3 . Sweden 's reindeer migration One of the world 's greatest migrations takes place each year just over a thousand miles north of Britain . As snow thickens on every surface , lakes freeze over and the temperature drops below -25 ËšC , tens of thousands of reindeer make their way across northern Sweden . Descending from summer pastures in the mountains to the west , the herds travel east to spend the long winter foraging in the forests . Accompanying them on a journey that can take ten days or more are their seminomadic Sami owners . While herding methods may have modernized over the centuries  snowmobiles -- and even helicopters -- have replaced snowshoes  , reindeer husbandry is still a cornerstone of their culture . To fall in with the Sami and their herds is to be part of a heritage that stretches back millennia -- one of days dictated by the pace of the reindeers ' steady trot , and of nights sharing stories round the fire under a chill , star-filled sky . Lonely Planet : The UK 's favorite winter pubs 4 . Italy 's sunken bell Head to Italy 's South Tyrol this winter and you 're likely to come across one of Europe 's most bizarre sights -- an apparently amputated church spire poking out from the frozen waters of Lago di Resia . The 14th-century bell tower , pointing like an arrow to the blustery skies above , is a forlorn monument to an entire village drowned beneath the waters of an artificial lake created as part of a hydroelectricity project in the 1950s . Locals will tell you that the tolling of its church bell can still be heard on a cold night -- even though the bell was removed when the valley was flooded . Tall tales may have sprung up around it , but the church and the lake are very much part of local life , particularly in winter . Snow-kiters twirl across the ice , leaping high into the air as their kites catch a gust of wind , keeping an eye out for ice-skaters gliding around the lake 's perimeter . Families slip and slide their way to the base of the tower , eager to slap their gloved hands on a piece of history that 's out of reach most of the year . 5 . Yellowstone 's boiling waters There are few places as beguiling as Yellowstone National Park . It is a landscape created by grinding glaciers and volcanic eruptions , a place of fire and brimstone where the very earth breathes , belches and bubbles like a giant kettle on the boil . Here , in a land roamed by moose , bears and wolves , geysers and hot springs seethe and simmer and finally blow , capturing the imagination as they have done since the park 's inception in 1872 . It is America made wild and primeval . As the temperature drops and the snow piles high , the park takes on a special drama and grace . The tourist crowds thin , replaced by cross-country skiers silently swooshing along marked trails . Shaggy-coated bison pick their way through the deep snow to warm themselves in geyser basins , waiting for a waft of hot stream from shimmering thermal pools . They retreat a few paces as a hot spring suddenly erupts , sending an arc of boiling water high into the frigid air . 6 . Korea 's ice festivals For much of the year , the sancheoneo -- a species of trout -- leads a blameless life in the rivers around Hwacheon , a town that lies in the mountains northeast of Seoul . When the cold , dry Korean winter arrives , the rivers freeze over and the sancheoneo disappear under 40cm of ice . And then the trouble starts . Every January , the Hwacheon Sancheoneo Ice Festival brings a sudden energy to this quiet corner of the country . Hundreds of thousands of thickly clad visitors swarm over every frozen surface to try their hand at ice-fishing . Barbecues come as naturally to Koreans as baguettes to the French , and the smell of charcoal fires wafts along the banks , ready for the latest catch . For a few visitors , dropping a line through a hole in the ice to catch their fish is just not enough of an experience . Dressed in T-shirts and shorts , they plunge into a pool of near freezing water and learn just what slippery customers trout can be . 7 . Snowbound London Ten o'clock on a Monday morning in central London . No buses steam down Piccadilly , belching passengers at every stop . There are no crowds jostling for space on the pavements of Oxford Street and the doors of its department stores remain locked . The tubes stand empty in their tunnels , planes are grounded at Heathrow . The few people who 've made it into work in the City turn back when they find their offices closed . This is not the scene from an apocalyptic Day of the Triffids-style film , but the reality of life in the capital on the rare occasion it lies under a thick blanket of snow . The streets empty and all activity migrates to the parks . On Hampstead Heath , a running club has given up shuffling through the snow and is rolling a giant snowball down to the banks of the pond . In Richmond Park , the resident deer paw at the frozen earth , looking for twigs and shrubs . Far to the east in Greenwich , a borough 's worth of schoolchildren celebrate their unexpected day off by tobogganing down from the Royal Observatory , the distant skyscrapers of Canary Wharf barely visible through the grey murk . Back in the center , snow falls steadily on a deserted London , bestowing on anyone who ventures onto its streets the unimaginable magic of having a city all to themselves . Lonely Planet : How to beat the winter blues © 2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	Enjoy some of the great travel experiences that only a big chill can bring From the northern lights of Canada to Korea 's ice festivals , explore these icy sights Visit St. Petersburg during the winter for incredible scenery
CNN  The U.S. Army has agreed to provide hormone therapy for Chelsea Manning , the soldier serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking a huge trove of classified documents . The prisoner formerly known as Bradley Manning , and once held to be male , said in August 2013 , the day after her court sentencing , that she is female . Just over a year later , it emerged that she had filed a lawsuit in federal court claiming she "  has been denied access to medically necessary treatment " for her gender disorder . The commandant of the Fort Leavenworth Disciplinary Barracks in Kansas , where Manning is serving her sentence , issued a memo on February 5 authorizing the addition of hormone therapy to Manning 's treatment , USA Today reported Thursday . The memo cited a recommendation that the therapy was "  medically appropriate and necessary . " The news was welcomed by Manning 's legal counsel in the lawsuit . "  We are thrilled for Chelsea that the government has finally agreed to initiate hormone therapy as part of her treatment plan , " said Chase Strangio , an attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union . "  This is an important first step in Chelsea 's treatment regimen and one that is in line with the recommendations of all of her doctors and the basic requirements of the Eighth Amendment . " But Strangio said that the approval of the therapy was only a partial victory . "  The military continues to refuse to let Chelsea grow her hair like other female prisoners , a critical part of her treatment plan that has been recognized by her doctors , " he said . Also , the delay in getting the hormone treatment "  came with a significant cost to Chelsea and her mental health , " Strangio said . At the time of her 2013 announcement that she planned to live as a woman , Manning asked for support and said she wanted to begin hormone therapy as soon as possible . Manning said she was diagnosed in 2010 with gender dysphoria , which her lawyers describe as "  the medical diagnosis given to individuals whose gender identity -- their innate sense of being male or female -- differs from the sex they were assigned at birth , causing clinically significant distress . " A Kansas judge in April granted the former Army intelligence analyst 's request to formally be known as Chelsea Elizabeth Manning . She was convicted last year of stealing and disseminating 750,000 pages of documents and videos to WikiLeaks in what has been described as the largest leak of classified material in U.S. history . Manning was found guilty of 20 of the 22 charges against her , including violations of the U.S. Espionage Act . CNN 's Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	"  This is an important first step in Chelsea 's treatment regimen , " her legal counsel says Manning , whose former first name was Bradley , had filed a lawsuit over the issue But she 's still not allowed to grow her hair like other female prisoners , the ACLU says
Four days after the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention concluded its investigation into June 's accidental anthrax exposure , more details are being released about the government health agency 's mishandling of potentially dangerous pathogens . The CDC concluded its investigation into the anthrax incident last week , saying that no lab workers had been infected with the disease . But the public health agency 's report also detailed other instances in which lab workers had not followed protocol . The U.S. Department of Agriculture has also been investigating the anthrax incident . In a memo prepared for a congressional hearing this week , the USDA says it had to track down missing anthrax containers and found the infectious bacteria "  stored in unlocked refrigerators in an unregistered hallway " where workers were freely passing through . USDA inspectors also found that "  select agent materials " were transferred using Ziploc bags , which do not meet CDC requirements for carrying these materials . The problems date to 2011 , according to the USDA memo . A report from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services "  found weaknesses in inventory records and expressed concerns about the lack of biosafety and security training for workers with access to these labs . " In March 2014 , a USDA inspector again expressed concerns about the CDC 's bioterrorism lab , including incomplete inventory records for select agents , such as botulinum and anthrax . The anthrax incident was discovered June 13 . The CDC report says the potential exposure happened between June 6 and June 13 . A lab that had been preparing the anthrax samples for use in two other labs on the CDC 's Atlanta campus "  may not have adequately inactivated the samples . " That means the other labs were working with samples thought to be harmless ; therefore , workers did n't wear protective equipment they would otherwise have been using when handling such infectious material . Procedures in two of the three labs may have exposed workers to the anthrax , the CDC said . Hallway and lab areas have since been decontaminated . The leader of one of the labs was reassigned shortly after the incident was revealed . CDC spokesman Tom Skinner would not confirm the name of the person who was reassigned . There are three types of anthrax infection : cutaneous  through the skin  , inhalation  through the lungs  and gastrointestinal  through digestion  . According to the report , the exposure happened because the lab that was handling the dangerous material initially did n't use an approved sterilization technique . It did n't have a written plan reviewed by senior staff to make sure all safety protocols were followed , and there was a limited knowledge of peer-reviewed literature about the process that would make it less dangerous . The lab also did not have a standard operating procedure that would make sure the transfer of the material would be safe . Bottom line , "  the scientists failed to follow a scientifically derived and reviewed protocol that would have assured the anthrax was deactivated , " CDC Director Tom Frieden said Friday . It "  should have happened , and it did n't . " The lab involved in the anthrax incident will remain closed for such dangerous microbes until Frieden personally approves its reopening under conditions that prevent any such mishap from happening again , Frieden said . The CDC has also stopped moving any biological material out of its two highest-level labs while their procedures are being reevaluated . As a result of these problems , the CDC has created a high-level group of leaders who will work on lab safety issues . It has also started putting together an external advisory group to take a closer look at lab safety . And the CDC is carefully reviewing all the other procedures for labs working with dangerous pathogens , and it has put together a rapid-response command structure to hopefully help the labs avoid future incidents . "  I will say that I 'm just astonished that this could have happened here , " Frieden said . He stands by his labs , which are considered some of the best in the world , and he stands by his scientists . But he added that he is "  upset " and "  angry " and has lost sleep over the incidents , and he is "  working around the clock " to make sure it never happens again . CDC lab leader reassigned during anthrax investigation	USDA investigation into anthrax exposure at CDC finds other lab safety problems CDC investigation concluded no lab workers were infected with anthrax The CDC director is "  upset " and "  angry " that it happened
CNN  -- Nursing school seemed like a good idea to Tracy Kidd , but not just because she was interested in medicine . Tracy Kidd , 37 , just started nursing school . Nurses are high in demand , despite the souring economy . Kidd , 37 , and her husband recently took a massive pay cut -- the painting business they own in Mesa , Arizona , once brought in about $ 70,000 a month . Now they 're lucky to get $ 800 a month . They have moved in with Tracy 's father because their house was foreclosed on . "  I knew that nurses are always needed , and I did n't want what just happened to us to ever happen again , " said Kidd , who started a licensed practical nurse  LPN  program two weeks ago that will allow her to work while finishing her registered nurse  RN  degree . Kidd 's logic squares with the numbers : While industries such as manufacturing have had decreasing job openings , there continues to be a deep need for health care positions such as nurses , physician assistants , pharmacists and primary-care physicians . See how health job openings compare with other industries " With the unemployment rate at 8.1 percent and thousands of Americans getting laid off every day , the employment landscape looks bleak . But some experts say there are many job opportunities in the health care sector . Nursing The number of nurses usually goes up when the economy goes down , said Beverly Malone , CEO of the National League for Nursing . Irrespective of this recession , the number of nurses has been growing anyway because of high demand . Nearly 182,000 new students in 2006-2007 entered prelicensure RN programs , which prepare students to sit for the RN licensing exam , according to the National League for Nursing . This represents a 9 percent increase over the previous year . There are about 2.9 million nurses eligible to practice , with 2.6 million in the workforce , she said . As of May 2007 , a registered nurse in the United States earned on average $ 62,480 per year , according to the U.S. Department of Labor 's Bureau of Labor Statistics . View a map of jobs and unemployment in the U.S. . At the associates level , a student usually takes at least two years to earn a degree , while a Bachelor of Science in Nursing takes at least four years . Nurse educators are in huge demand , in part because they earn less than practicing nurses , Malone said . A master 's degree is required for these positions , and sometimes a doctorate . Physician assistants Jobs for physician assistants have also stayed steady , as these medical practitioners help offset the national physician shortage , said Cindy Lord , president of the American Academy of Physician Assistants . Like doctors , physician assistants see patients individually , diagnose conditions , and in some cases even write prescriptions . They must at least have telecommunication with a physician , because they are technically working in a team . Employment for physician assistants is projected to grow much faster than average because health care institutions increasingly use these practitioners to contain costs , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . Rural and inner-city clinics are especially good for job opportunities , the bureau said . The average salary for a new graduate from a physician assistant program -- which takes an average of 27 months to complete -- is $ 75,000 to $ 80,000 per year , she said . Those who have been practicing longer or specialize in specific fields earn around $ 90,000 , she said . To get into a program , many schools require at least two years of college and some health care experience , and college-level biology , chemistry and math courses are sometimes necessary before matriculation . Visit CNNhealth.com , your connection to better living Satisfaction with the profession is high -- one survey found that 88 percent of physician assistants would choose that career again , Lord said . "  I would do this over a hundred times , " she said . "  The privilege and honor of practicing medicine is very rewarding . " The hospital scene Hospitals say they are still hiring , although there are fewer openings now than normally . Massachusetts General Hospital has fewer vacancies now than at any point in the last 10 years , as well as the lowest turnover , said Jeff Davis , senior vice president of human resources . That 's because people who have jobs do n't want to leave them , he said . Still , there are about 400 openings available at the hospital , which has about 20,000 workers including physicians . Nursing jobs are available , and the more skill a job requires , the more it 's in demand at Mass General , he said . People looking to change careers can take accreditation courses to become X-ray technologists or professionals involved in patient care , but the more skills you can get , the better , Davis said . With the population of Massachusetts aging , more people are likely to utilize the health care system . Davis said he would encourage people to become registered nurses or physical therapists in response to that demand . The UCLA Health System in Los Angeles , California , has fewer openings than last year or the year before , but is still hiring , said Robin Ludewig , director of recruitment . Some of these positions do not require much formalized training . Positions in demand include clinical lab scientists , which requires a four-year degree and an internship . Sterile processing technicians , who prepare surgical equipment , are also needed , and can get training in community colleges . "  It does n't really matter how the economy is . People still get ill , " she said . For anyone interested in changing careers to health care , experts recommend exploring courses at local community colleges and vocational schools . Some schools offer short courses in medical terminology to get things started . With talk of reforming the health care system , it is uncertain how those changes would affect the health care job market . Still , there will always be a need for skilled individuals to practice medicine , experts said . A recent CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll showed that 9 percent of Americans think health care is the most important issue facing the country . The telephone poll of 1,019 adults had a sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points . As for nursing student Kidd , she says she 's optimistic about her future , and recognizes that life has its ebbs and flows . "  We just happen to have caught ourselves in a bad situation , " she said . "  My husband and I , we 're not stupid people . We just really were victims of the economy . "	Despite recession , there continues to be a deep need for health care workers The number of nurses in the United States continues to grow Some positions in demand do not require much course work Massachusetts General Hospital has about 400 jobs open
CNN  -- The cassette tape is back ! Or at least this is what the organizers of Cassette Store Day , held in September , would have us believe . Cassettes ? Really ? Let 's play along , if only for nostalgia 's sake . Fifty years after the prototype cassette was introduced at the 1963 Berlin Radio Show , a group of independent labels that release new cassettes have pulled together the global event celebrating and , they hope , stimulating the resurgence of prerecorded tapes . The day was observed , according to the group 's website , at roughly 100 retail stores and music venues in the U.S. , Europe , Canada and South America , with tie-ins , new cassette releases and live performers pushing new tapes . Cassette releases from established bands like At the Drive-In and Flaming Lips were vended , as well as tapes from underground artists like Grape Soda and Gold Bears on the Hope for the Tape Deck label . Anyone who remembers fumbling with a cassette deck while driving or listening as a tape unspooled and self-destructed in the tape deck or having to insert index finger or pen into the cassette in a usually vain attempt to rewind the hopelessly twisted tape must be asking a simple question : Why ? In the seamless age of digital music , when seemingly every song ever recorded is available at the stroke of a few computer keys , why would anyone revive such a clunky and outmoded physical format ? But consider : Even with the convenience and sheer abundance of music stored on MP3 files , cassettes  and vinyl  offer tangible and tactile pleasures that are n't readily available in the digital world . There 's a sizable , and growing , subset of consumers who lust for musical objects that they can hold in their hands  and their hearts  as well as their ears . "  Metal and punk and noise people never stopped releasing cassettes , " says Scott Seward . He is a music critic and owner of John Doe Jr. . Used Records and Books in Greenfield , Massachusetts . "  Fans of that music have always collected tapes . Same with jam band and Grateful Dead fans until recent years . It 's still a common format for a lot of Middle Eastern , Indian and Asian street or folk music too , because cassettes are so cheap to reproduce . " It 's true . Cassettes have always been an alternative and were for many years something of an underdog in the musical format wars . Not long after prerecorded cassettes emerged in the vinyl-dominated marketplace , the 8-track tape format eclipsed them in popularity . That was largely because the Ford Motor Co. started offering 8-track players as an option on some of its cars beginning in 1966 . The automobile would power sales of the 8-track format past the cassette in the music-mad '60s and '70s . Drivers could insert and remove the bulky 8-tracks with one hand . By 1975 , incredibly , 8-track tapes were second only to vinyl records in terms of sales figures . Cassettes had already been a tough sell to audiophiles because until the advent of Dolby noise reduction in the '70s , their sound quality was muffled compared with vinyl records . Gradually that improved , just as new tape playback options emerged . Even before the Walkman , the portable stereos known as boom boxes boosted the popularity of cassettes in the urban areas where these hulking radio/tape players  aka ghetto blasters  were most often used . Boom boxes made music consumption a public event  often whether the public wanted it or not  while advancing the notion of portability . But consumers began to demand portable music players . In late 1979 , Sony introduced the proto-Walkman . Retailing for $ 199 , the Soundabout was a 14-ounce playback-only device that came with headphones and used standard-size cassettes . By 1981 , the smaller and cheaper Walkman II was available . Hello , 80s ? We miss you ! When it comes to recorded music formats , portable equals personal . So it 's no accident that the Walkman and similar devices became known as personal stereos in the early '80s . Soon , Walkman headphones were as ubiquitous as boom boxes on city streets . Thanks to the Walkman , the boom box and the cassette  and later the CD  , sales of vinyl records plummeted during the '80s . In 1981 , more than twice as many vinyl records as prerecorded cassettes were sold . By 1984 , the numbers had flipped , and cassette sales outpaced vinyl for the first time . Despite the unsuccessful "  Home Taping Is Killing Music " campaign of the early '80s , the ability to record one 's own tapes was always a huge part of the cassette 's appeal . Homemade mix tapes became a cultural touchstone for a generation  or two  , functioning as diaries or journals and figuring in courtship rituals  see Rob Sheffield 's affecting memoir "  Love Is A Mix Tape "  . When cassettes faded from the scene in the early '90s in the conquering wake of the CD , something unique -- personal -- got left behind . Gone , perhaps , but not forgotten . The pull of nostalgia is not the only motivation behind the recent cassette cult resurgence , but memories and recorded music are deeply -- some say neurologically -- intertwined . "  There is that True Cult aspect , " Seward says . "  It 's an exclusivity thing . Cassettes just seem like a cooler thing to have for sale at your punk or noise show than a CDR . Black metal and power electronics sound fab on tape , though . Same with Miami bass music . I still listen to a lot of metal and rap on tape , and I make mix tapes from vinyl that sound amazing . " Even if Cassette Store Day fails to bring prerecorded cassettes back to commercial prominence , the event made a telling point about our music consumption . Despite the digital revolution , if you dust off those outmoded physical formats like cassette tapes and vinyl records down in the basement , they produce more than memories : They play music . They still work . Their appeal , however sentimental , is stronger than mere nostalgia . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Coleman .	Mark Coleman : September brought Cassette Store Day . Why celebrate this ? Let 's play along Organizers wanted to stimulate a resurgence of cassette tapes , first sold in the '60s , he says He says cassette tapes warred with vinyl and 8-track tapes for dominance , sometimes winning Coleman : Their quality improved , though they fell from favor . But still a cultural touchstone
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A judge revoked Chris Brown 's probation because of his October arrest in Washington , but the singer 's not going to jail because he 's already in a court-ordered residential rehab program . Brown , who appeared before a Los Angeles County Superior Court judge Monday , must return for a hearing on February 10 that will decide if he 'll serve jail time after his three months in rehab . The singer has an anger-management problem and drug-abuse issues , according to a probation report obtained by CNN . He 's been on felony probation since pleading guilty to beating up singer Rihanna on the eve of the Grammys in 2009 . Judge James Brandlin ordered Brown to check into a rehab program a month ago after he had been booted from another rehab facility a week earlier for smashing his mother 's car window during a family session . A report submitted to the judge by Brown 's probation officer included a letter from his current rehab facility saying he "  has made significant progress " since starting in the program on November 20 . Brown kicked out of rehab for ` acting violently , ' ordered to new facility "  The clinical and medical team have witnessed very positive change in Mr. Brown since his psychotropic medications have been changed and he has been taken off medical marijuana , " the program director said . "  His ability to emotionally regulate himself has improved markedly . " "  I 'm pleased that he 's doing well , " Brandlin said Monday , explaining why he did not send him to jail Monday afternoon . Brown was arrested on an assault charge in Washington on October 27 . That case is why Brandlin ruled Monday that he was tentatively revoking Brown 's probation for the Rihanna assault . He will decide in February if he will order Brown to complete his sentence in prison instead of probation . Brown 's girlfriend Karrueche Tran accompanied him to the Los Angeles County courtroom Monday . For the second time , his mother was not with him . Brown 's freedom has been in question since he was arrested on a sidewalk near the White House after allegedly punching a man . The probation imposed when he pleaded guilty to a felony charge in the attack on Rihanna -- his girlfriend at the time -- requires that he stay out of legal trouble . Brown voluntarily entered a rehab center on October 28 , a day after he was released from a Washington jail . Secret Service report could help Chris Brown 's defense The probation report given to the judge last month revealed that he was kicked out of the program . It quoted a center official saying he was ordered out for "  breaking program rules by acting violently . " The violence involved Brown "  throwing a rock through his mother 's car window " after a family session at the center in which she said she wanted him to stay in treatment . "  Mr. Brown preceded to walk outside and pick up a rock and threw it through his mother 's car window and it shattered , " according to letter from the rehab center included in the probation report . Brown 's "  prognosis is very guarded " unless he gets professional help , the letter said . Brown leaves the new rehab center three days a week to work eight-hour shifts of community labor so that he can complete the 1,000 hours of work still remaining in his punishment for attacking Rihanna . The report estimated he will have to work on community labor three days of every week until next August to meet the deadline for completing the labor . He may also travel to Washington for a court hearing on January 8 in the assault case there , the judge said .	Chris Brown returns for a hearing in February to decide if he 'll serve jail time after rehab The singer has an anger-management problem , according to a probation report Brown is serving 90 days in court-ordered rehab He 's on felony probation for beating singer Rihanna in 2009
CNN  -- Al-Jazeera broadcast on Thursday an audiotape on which a voice identified as Osama bin Laden declares "  Iraq is the perfect base to set up the jihad to liberate Palestine . " Terrorist leader Osama bin Laden spoke on a video released by al Qaeda in September . The voice calls for the people of neighboring countries "  to do their best in supporting their mujahedeen brothers in Iraq . " "  My speech to you is about the siege of Gaza and the way to liberate it , " he said . "  The Gaza siege is a direct result of Annapolis , " he adds , apparently referring to the site of November 's summit in Annapolis , Maryland , where Israeli and Palestinian leadership agreed to work toward a two-state solution . The voice also calls on "  Muslims in the neighboring countries " to support the "  mujahedeen in Iraq . " The broadcast comes a day after another statement attributed to the al Qaeda leader condemned European countries for siding with the United States in Afghanistan and for allowing the publication of cartoons considered insulting to Islam 's prophet , Mohammed . "  This is the greater and more serious tragedy , and the reckoning for it will be more severe , " the speaker in the five-minute audio recording says . The speaker said Muslims have not responded by mocking Jesus , whom they consider a prophet as well . "  The laws of men which clash with the legislation of Allah the Most High are null and void , are n't sacred and do n't matter to us , " he said . The speaker dismissed claims of free speech in his statement , citing European countries ' laws against denying the existence of the Holocaust . Bin Laden also said in his earlier message that "  the crownless king in Riyadh " -- Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah -- could have prevented the publication of the cartoons "  if it mattered to him . " "  If there is no check on the freedom of your words , then let your hearts be open to the freedom of our actions , " he said . Though the voice sounds like bin Laden , CNN has not been able to confirm that it is him . However , a radical Islamist Web site reported earlier Wednesday that a statement from bin Laden was coming soon . The notice appeared on Al-Ekhlaas , known for carrying statements and videos from al Qaeda and its allies . Analysis of previous statements has indicated that bin Laden was the speaker , and a U.S. intelligence official said there was no reason to think the recorded voice was not bin Laden 's . Bin Laden , who was behind the terrorist network 's September 11 attacks , has been in hiding since the U.S. assault on Afghanistan that followed those strikes . His last public statement was an audio message issued in December , when he urged his followers in Iraq to continue battling U.S. troops there . Wednesday marked the fifth anniversary of the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq . The latest statement included no date reference beyond the cartoon controversy , which began in late 2005 when a Danish newspaper published a dozen cartoons about Islam , including one that depicted Mohammed wearing a turban resembling a bomb . Violent protests erupted in early 2006 after other European newspapers reprinted the images as a matter of free speech . Some Muslims believe it is forbidden by the Quran to show an image of the prophet at all , and others were offended that the cartoon by artist Kurt Westergaard appeared to depict Mohammed as a terrorist . Westergaard said he wanted his cartoon to say that some people exploited the prophet to legitimize terror . Several newspapers in Denmark reprinted the controversial cartoons in February after Danish authorities arrested several people who were said to be plotting a "  terror-related assassination " of the cartoonist . That sparked violent protests in three Afghan cities this month , with Muslim students burning flags and chanting anti-Western statements . The message said the publication of the drawings in question "  came in the framework of a new crusade in which the Pope of the Vatican has played a large , lengthy role . " Pope Benedict is scheduled to visit the United States next month , with scheduled stops at the White House , the United Nations and Ground Zero , where the Twin Towers stood until al Qaeda 's attack . Deputy Commissioner Paul J. Browne of the New York City Police Department said the department "  has been working closely with the United States Secret Service to provide the highest level of protection possible " during the Pope 's visit to New York . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Octavia Nasr and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	NEW : Al-Jazeera broadcast says tape in Bin Laden saying , ` Iraq is perfect base ' NEW : That base is ideal "  to set up the jihad to liberate Palestine , " he says NEW : Bin Laden allegedly urges support for "  mujahedeen brothers in Iraq . " The identity of the speaker can not be independently determined
CNN  -- Thieves have forced the closure of Paris ' Louvre museum . But an art heist was not the reason . Instead , the closure came after staff walked off the job on Wednesday in protest against the increasing number of pickpockets operating in the museum . According to a report in The Guardian , the pickpockets work in organized gangs and are targeting both tourists and museum staff with "  increasingly violent tactics , " including spitting and kicking . Despite increased co-operation with the police and temporary bans on offenders , pickpocketing remains a growing problem for the museum , staff said . The Louvre 's press department was unavailable for comment early Thursday but a representative of the museum said the Louvre was "  open as normal , until 5.30 p.m. " When pressed about yesterday 's events , the representative declined to comment further and ended the call . The Louvre also closed in 2009 and 2001 as a result of staff protests about industrial disputes and working hours . The protest will be a pressing challenge for new director Jean-Luc Martinez as he takes up the post this coming Monday , taking over from Henri Loyrette . The museum , home to famous works from masters such as Leonardo da Vinci , is the most visited museum in the world with around 10 million visitors last year . Visitors should be mindful of their belongings when at the Louvre ; Mona Lisa 's eyes may not be the only things following you around the room . The Louvre is open every day  except Tuesday  from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. Night opening until 9:45 p.m. on Wednesdays and Fridays . MusÃ © e du Louvre , 75058 Paris - France . www.louvre.fr	Louvre shut Wednesday after staff walked out in protest Staff say pickpocket gangs are running rife in the museum Louvre operating as normal on Thursday
CNN  -- Convicted pedophile Jerry Sandusky could get his pension back , if Pennsylvania 's pension board agrees with a recommendation to resume the almost $ 5,000-per-month checks that he used to get . A state arbitrator made the recommendation Friday after Sandusky appealed a ruling that he lost the right to his pension -- from working as an assistant football coach at Penn State University -- when he was convicted in 2012 of sexually assaulting 10 young boys . The arbitrator 's recommendation will probably go before the state board in the fall . Both sides will first have a chance to respond to the recommendation . The arbitrator wrote in his opinion that Pennsylvania law did not allow for someone to lose a pension for Sandusky 's crimes until 2004 , long after Sandusky 's 1999 retirement from the university . Before 2004 , people could lose their state pensions only if they 'd been convicted of financial crimes . Since Sandusky was retired when the change was made , his lawyer appealed the ruling to stop his pension checks . It has no legal bearing that Sandusky was convicted of molesting several of the boys while he was employed by Penn State , and on the campus where he worked . The recommendation has outraged some close to the case . "  He should n't be receiving any benefits , especially benefits related to Penn State , " said Jennifer Storm , an advocate who has been working with Sandusky 's victims . "  I think it 's absolutely outrageous that he 's entitled to any benefits associated with the place where he offended upon so many young men . " Attorney Ben Andreozzi , who has represented several of Sandusky 's victims , called on lawmakers to change the law and make it retroactive . "  I 'm disgusted by the fact that he 's going to continue to be paid by some form of taxpayers ' money , " Andreozzi said . A jury found Sandusky guilty of 45 counts of child sex abuse in June 2012 , in a case in which the crimes were committed from the early 1990s through late 2009 .	The ex-Penn State assistant coach appealed a ruling that he lost the right to his pension Law cutting the benefit did n't apply to Sandusky 's crimes until after he retired , arbitrator says The arbitrator 's recommendation to resume the pension has outraged some close to the case A jury found Sandusky guilty of 45 counts of child sex abuse in June 2012
Cambridge , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Did Wal-Mart 's Mexican subsidiary pay bribes , in 2005 and earlier , to the Mexican officials who grant permits for stores like Wal-Mart ? And did Wal-Mart cover up these actions for several years , after an internal investigation discovered the bribes , before finally reporting the internal investigation to the Department of Justice and the SEC last December ? The answer , according to recent news accounts , is yes . This could mean that Wal-Mart violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act , adopted in 1977 , which forbids U.S. companies from paying bribes to foreign officials . If Wal-Mart violated the law , U.S. officials should prosecute . No one should be above the law , whether the law is sensible or not . Yet the public and policymakers should also consider whether the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act is good policy . And despite good intentions -- particularly , the goal of reducing corruption -- it is not . The act is difficult to enforce on a consistent basis , since companies that wish to pay bribes can circumvent the law in numerous ways , mainly with minimal risk of exposure . So , most violations go undetected . The act therefore hurts companies that break the law clumsily and get caught , thereby creating a competitive advantage for companies that break the law cleverly and get away with it . The most likely outcome is therefore that the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act has minimal impact on bribes but enriches the least honest companies . And if the act deters bribes by U.S. companies operating abroad , that is even worse . The reason is that the threat of prosecution under the act discourages U.S. companies from doing business abroad in the first place . This holds especially with respect to poor countries where corruption -- pay to play -- is endemic . Thus foreign investment , along with the higher wages and increased competition this investment promotes , is less likely to occur in these countries , condemning their citizens to ongoing poverty . The act is also harmful , especially when it reduces bribes , because much bribery is an attempt to get around laws that make little sense in the first place . Such laws include barriers to entry , union protections that make firing or plant closures all but impossible , and excessive environmental , health and safety regulation . These policies have good intentions , but they are frequently so onerous that their main effect is to discourage economic growth , which is critical for alleviating poverty . These policies are a key cause of corruption ; it is impossible to do business in some countries without paying bribes that limit the impact of costly regulations . The Wal-Mart example is a perfect illustration of this dynamic . Mexico has a messy permitting process for allowing companies like Wal-Mart to open new stores . This permitting barrier is bad for Mexicans because it reduces the number of new Wal-Marts or slows their opening . Mexicans therefore pay higher prices for the wide array of inexpensive goods sold by Wal-Mart . If these negatives were not enough , the act harms U.S. companies relative to those from other countries that do not face something like the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act . Other countries have adopted similar laws in recent years , but enforcement is often weak . Corruption is a huge problem in many countries , especially the developing world . Much of the corruption , however , arises from excessive government that hurts economic productivity and creates the incentive to pay bribes . The best solution is to scale back these aspects of government . Since that is not always possible , however , it is better to allow companies from the United States and other rich countries to pay the bribes that diminish the negative impact of excessive government . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Miron .	Jeffrey Miron : Wal-Mart is facing allegations it covered up a bribery scandal He says the company should be prosecuted if it violated the law Miron says the law forbidding bribery overseas is a mistake , penalizes U.S. companies He says law discourages U.S. companies from doing business in the poorest nations
CNN  "  Good night Malaysian three-seven-zero . " It was a routine sign-off , an all-is-well . On March 8 , 2014 , at 1:19 a.m. , someone spoke those last words from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 to air traffic controllers before the Boeing 777 vanished . A year later , searchers have no new clues as to where it went with 239 people on board . Radar and satellite reports have provided hints , but searchers still have nothing to hold in their hands . No wreckage seen floating at sea or beached on shore . No fuselage resting on the sea floor . Experts have said the data indicate the flight path from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , to Beijing unexpectedly veered , putting the commercial jet over the southern Indian Ocean . But the water 's vast and intricate depths have revealed no secrets . And as clarity has eluded grasp , analysts have made many speculations about what happened . The most controversial idea : Is the maritime search area all wrong ? Did the plane land clandestinely on solid ground ? Here are some expert theories about what happened to MH370 . Investigators have since cast doubt on some of their details . Who radioed those last words to air traffic control ? Capt. Zaharie Ahmad Shah ? First officer Fariq Abdul Hamid ? There was much speculation over that , but the Malaysian inspectors in April said it was Zaharie . The pilots were supposed to check in with new air traffic controllers in Vietnam , but never did . One theory is that one pilot may have incapacitated the other , then guided the plane to its end , taking the passengers down with him in a dramatic suicide . Mark Weiss , a retired American Airlines captain , has flown a Boeing 777 . He believed shortly after the crash that there may have been a struggle . "  It was one of the pilots that maybe had a meltdown or did something nefarious to the airplane , " he said . But Malaysia Airlines Chief Executive Ahmad Jauhari Yahya has vehemently defended his employees , particularly the pilot . "  We do not suspect any one of our crew until there 's such evidence . ... Captain Zaharie is a very capable man , " he said . "  We have no reason to suspect  him  . " Weiss also thought there could have been another person -- a crew member or someone else -- in the cockpit who "  was bent on perhaps committing suicide or doing some destruction on the aircraft . " Copilot Hamid , 27 , reportedly once invited a woman and her friend into the cockpit on a 2011 flight between Thailand and Malaysia . "  That 's an enormous breach of security , " Weiss said . But investigators punched holes in the idea , saying there was no indication of a third party in the cockpit , CNN reported in April . The difference between hijacking and commandeering is nuanced . The former term is often used when the hijacker issues a demand such as being taken to a safe-haven country or receiving ransom to release passengers . When people commandeer a plane , they might keep the motives secret , said political analyst Peter Bergen . They may want to steer it themselves at a target , like the September 11 , 2001 , terrorists did . In 1994 , a FedEx employee burst into the cockpit of FedEx Flight 705 with a hammer and spear gun . He wanted to crash the plane into the company 's Memphis , Tennessee , headquarters . The crew thwarted that takeover . "  Commandeering would fit with the few facts that we do know , and  it 's  certainly a theory that we have n't heard a lot of that is n't a conspiracy , " Bergen said . Experts are divided on this theory , partly because no terrorists have claimed responsibility at a moment when they would have the world 's attention -- unless potential terrorists were waiting for something . MH370 went to Kazakhstan . Outlandish conjecture or genius insight ? The theory that Russian actors on board MH370 found a way to get the plane through the border territory of China , Pakistan and India to a Kazakh landing strip leased to Russia comes from science journalist and private pilot Jeff Wise . Fleets of ships and search aircraft are looking in the wrong direction , he says . The airliner went north , not south . Investigators may have misinterpreted a key component of the Inmarsat satellite data . "  This is not a normal investigation . They need to throw out the book , " Wise has said . Another aviation analyst , David Soucie , also cast doubt after MH370 went missing on the most widely held belief that the plane hit the Indian Ocean . "  If it had crashed in the way that we think it did , which is to run out of fuel and hit the water and break up into pieces , there would be pieces somewhere , " he said . But Michael Exner , an engineer with decades of experience in the mobile satellite communications industry , says the data "  accurately and unambiguously " shows MH370 went down near the so-called 7th arc , a path along which the search has been focused . "  The current ATSB search strategy remains the best search strategy , " he said . In a less sinister but equally lethal explanation , some experts theorized the plane mysteriously crashed somewhere because of mechanical malfunction . Perhaps the electronics died , or a fire broke out , preventing the pilots from communicating . Maybe they turned to look for a landing strip but could n't steer the plane properly . Pilots had trouble embracing the thought . "  I 've been running that in my brain now ever since this thing happened , " said Jim Tilmon , an aviation expert and retired American Airlines pilot . "  One possibility would be a total electrical failure which is very , very hard to imagine because  the plane  has so many generators coming from different places , " Tilmon said . If they fail , there are other backups . He has said he 's never heard of anything like it happening before . For months after MH370 disappeared , Malaysian officials reported details of the search to next of kin and the public . Something would be spotted , hopes rose , and then it did n't pan out . Hopes were dashed ; anguish returned . Sunday , a year to the day after the plane disappeared , the international independent investigation committee released an interim report on the disappearance of MH370 . It found no indications of unusual behavior among the aircraft 's pilots and cabin crew before it took off , and said that Zaharie had had no personal or financial problems that would cast suspicion on him . The interim report also revealed that the battery of the underwater locator beacon on the plane 's flight data recorder had expired more than a year before its disappearance . The battery on the plane 's other so-called black box , the cockpit voice recorder , had been replaced as scheduled , and remained within its expiry date , the report said . CNN 's Pamela Boykoff and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Many experts believe the plane went down in the South Indian Ocean The most controversial theory : Russians hijacked the plane to Kazakhstan Electrical failure is another theory
CNN  -- A NASA review released Wednesday found no evidence that astronauts flew aircraft or spacecraft while under the influence of alcohol . NASA found no evidence to back up claims that intoxicated astronauts have been allowed to fly . The agency carried out the review after anecdotal evidence emerged of astronauts flying while intoxicated . The report , written by Bryan O'Connor , chief of NASA 's Office of Safety and Mission Assurance and himself a former astronaut , was posted on the agency 's Web site . "  Within the scope and limitations of this review , I was unable to verify any case in which an astronaut spaceflight crewmember was impaired on launch day , or any case where a manager of a flight surgeon or co-crewmember disregarded their recommendation that a crewmember not fly shuttle or Soyuz , " O'Connor wrote . The review was ordered in July after an independent panel commissioned by NASA reported two alleged cases in which astronauts were so intoxicated that flight surgeons or fellow astronauts raised concerns over flight safety . The astronauts in question were allowed to fly , the panel said . The committee was convened by NASA to look into the agency 's medical and psychological screening processes after the February arrest of former astronaut Lisa Nowak for the alleged attempted kidnapping of another astronaut 's love interest . Nowak has pleaded not guilty to the charges . "  Interviews with both flight surgeons and astronauts identified some episodes of heavy use of alcohol by astronauts in the immediate preflight period , which has led to flight safety concerns , " the committee 's July report said . "  Alcohol is freely used in crew quarters . Two specific instances were described where astronauts had been so intoxicated prior to flight that flight surgeons and/or fellow astronauts raised concerns to local on-scene leadership regarding flight safety . However , the individuals were still permitted to fly . " Because the independent committee had promised its witnesses anonymity , committee members were reluctant to divulge sourcing information to O'Connor . So , O'Connor interviewed about 90 current and former astronauts , flight surgeons , nurses , technicians , managers and staff of the crew quarters . He also reviewed records of calls to safety hotlines , submissions to the NASA Safety Reporting System and NASA 's close call and mishap reporting systems for any evidence pointing to astronaut alcohol abuse . He found no evidence of inebriated astronauts , the report said . Though individuals were able to file reports anonymously , none did so , he said . "  The lack of privacy on launch day makes it nearly impossible to hide alcohol use or alcohol-induced impairment , " O'Connor wrote . "  Could a crewmember drink to the point of inebriation in his/her room the night before launch ? Certainly , but , from the time the crew wakes on launch morning until they lift off , they are surrounded by other astronauts , managers , support crew , television cameramen , still photographers , crew quarters staff and others . " The review recommends that NASA position a flight surgeon in the suit-up room as astronauts are making their final preparations before departing for the launch pad "  to allow more direct contact with the crewmembers on launch day and reduce the reliance on a suit tech  non-clinician  picking up any last-minute medical issue . " E-mail to a friend	NASA conducts internal review ; finds no evidence astronauts were intoxicated NASA official , ex-astronaut , interviewed 90 people in probe Independent panel reported allegations of alcohol use before flights
CNN  -- One of two convicted murderers who allegedly used forged documents to walk out of Franklin Correctional Institution in North Carrabelle , south of Tallahassee , was ordered Wednesday held without bond on an escape charge and sent back to the prison . Wearing a dark jumpsuit , Charles Walker nodded several times in response to questions during his 65-second appearance in the 9th Judicial Circuit Court of Florida , in Orlando . No hearing has been announced for the second man , Joseph Jenkins . After days on the lam , Walker and Jenkins were recaptured Saturday night at Panama City 's Coconut Grove Motor Inn , some 360 miles northwest of the Orlando area . Friend tipped off police to whereabouts of escaped inmates They were booked Tuesday in Orange County , Florida , the place from which both men hail and where the murders they are responsible for took place . Walker and Jenkins , both 34 , had been serving life terms without parole at Franklin for unrelated killings . Jenkins escaped on September 27 , while Walker left October 8 . Both men used legal-looking documents bearing bogus signatures , including those of the Orlando-area state attorney and Judge Belvin Perry , plus the seal of the Orange County clerk of court 's office , officials said . Courts , corrections deflect blame State officials have been investigating such scams for about a year and had warned prosecutors about the schemes over the summer , said Jerry Bailey , the Florida Department of Law Enforcement 's commissioner . On Tuesday , Bailey 's agency announced that a reward of up to $ 10,000 was being offered for information that leads to the arrest and conviction of those involved in the forgeries or the escapes . Florida attorney general 's office is offering another reward of up to $ 10,000 . Fake papers for Florida cons called ` cottage industry ' CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Charles Walker ordered held without bond and sent back to prison Walker and Joseph Jenkins used forged documents to walk out of prison , authorities say They were serving time for having committed murders years ago in Orange County , California
The number of people who say that acts of terrorism are likely to occur around the anniversary of 9/11 has significantly increased from three years ago . A new CNN/ORC International survey indicates that 53 % of Americans believe it 's likely for acts of terrorism to take place at this time , up from 39 % in 2011 during the 10th anniversary of the attacks that killed nearly 3,000 people . "  It 's likely that the change is due to newfound concerns over ISIS , which seven in 10 Americans believe has operatives within the U.S. able to commit an act of terrorism at any time , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . The poll results come as President Barack Obama addresses the public Wednesday night on the threat of ISIS and lays out his strategy to combat the militant group in Syria and Iraq . 10 questions for Obama on ISIS His prime-time speech falls on the eve of the 13th anniversary of the attacks . September 11 also is the anniversary of the 2012 deadly attack against a U.S. compound in Benghazi , leaving four Americans dead , including the U.S. ambassador . Al Qaeda battles ISIS for global jihadist leadership Most Americans , however , do n't feel personally threatened by terrorism . Just over four in 10 say it 's likely that they themselves or a family member will become a victim of terrorism -- not a significant change from most previous years . Women  49 %  and senior citizens  48 %  are most worried about terrorism , while men and younger Americans express much less worry , according to the poll . For the survey , 1,014 adult Americans were interviewed by telephone from September 5-7 . The sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points . Are we overspending on stopping terrorism ?	A majority of Americans say it 's likely for terrorism to take place this week Thursday marks the 13th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks Rise in concern is likely due to the emerging threat of ISIS
CNN  -- North Korea 's Supreme Court has sentenced a South Korean man to life of hard labor for commiting "  hostile acts " against the country , according to its state-run news agency , KCNA . The South Korean , identified as Kim Jong Uk , averted the death sentence because he allegedly "  repented of his crimes , " which included an attempt to set up an underground church inside the country , according to KCNA . Kim was charged with state subversion , espionage and anti-state propaganda , agitation and illegal entry into the border . The defendant confessed to the crimes in a trial held May 30 , according to KCNA . North Korea is known to push detainees to make false confessions . South Korean officials condemned the sentence , saying that North Korea was "  in serious violation " of international norms , and urged for Kim 's release . "  North Korea did not respond at all to our request for the family and the legal counsel to access Kim Jeong-uk , " said the Unification Ministry spokesperson . The English spelling of Kim 's name varied between KCNA and South Korea 's ministry . Kim 's previous appearance KCNA outlined Kim 's alleged crimes : "  He committed anti-DPRK religious acts , malignantly hurting the dignity of the supreme leadership of the DPRK overseas and tried to infiltrate into Pyongyang after illegally trespassing on the border for the purpose of setting up underground church and gathering information about the internal affairs of the DPRK while luring its inhabitants into south Korea and spying on the DPRK . " In February , Kim appeared before foreign journalists in Pyongyang and apologized for carrying out "  anti-state " activities . Kim said he had worked as a missionary for several years on the Chinese side of the border with North Korea , running a church that sought North Korean converts . Missionaries in North Korea Missionaries have sought to evangelize in North Korea , as the totalitarian country forbids independent religious activities . Although North Korea contains a number of state-controlled churches , they are considered for show to international audiences , according to a report by the United Nations Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights in North Korea . Religion , especially Christianity , is viewed as a political threat because the state does not condone any belief system other than its official state ideology , according to the report . Witnesses claim that underground churches function inside North Korea , according to the U.N. report . Also , missionaries and underground churches have secretly set up in China near the border to aid defectors . North Korea is currently holding Kenneth Bae , a Korean-American , who was arrested in November 2012 , after entering the city as a tourist . Bae was sentenced in May 2013 , accused of trying to topple the North Korean government and bringing religious activities into the country . Bae has remained in North Korean custody despite efforts by the U.S. and his family . Bae : Please help me Earlier this year , John Short , a 75-year-old Australian missionary was detained by North Korean authorities in February . He had "  committed a criminal act by secretly spreading his Bible tracts around a Buddhist temple in Pyongyang , " after entering the country as a tourist , according to KCNA . After issuing a public apology , Short was released . ` Abundant evidence ' of crimes against humanity in North Korea Opinion : World must awaken to North Korea 's camps of horror CNN 's Jethro Mullen contribute to this report .	South Korean man sentenced to life in hard labor in North Korea South Korean ministry criticizes sentencing and calls for Kim 's release Kim Jong Uk is accused of trying to set up underground churches in North Korea
CNN  -- Four people -- including a 1-year-old child -- were killed when a turboprop plane slammed into a neighborhood in East Haven , Connecticut , authorities said Saturday . The chief medical examiner 's office in nearby Farmington identified those killed as William Henningsgaard , 54 , and Maxwell Henningsgaard , 17 , both of Medina , Washington ; and Sade Brantley , 13 , and Madisyn Mitchell , 1 , both of East Haven . Earlier , Blair Henningsgaard told CNN he believed his brother Bill and Bill 's son were on board . East Haven Mayor Joseph Maturo Jr. had also said two children , ages 13 and 1 , were in a house during the crash and were presumed dead . The other damaged house was unoccupied . The Rockwell International Turbo Commander 690B was registered to Bill Henningsgaard , who had worked for Microsoft for 14 years including as vice president of sales for the western United States , Australia and New Zealand . It took off from New Jersey 's Teterboro Airport on Friday morning and crashed while approaching the southern Connecticut airport around 11:25 a.m. , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . The pilot did n't indicate any problems before the aircraft slammed upside down into the neighborhood Friday , a federal investigator said Saturday . The pilot -- who had a certificate allowing him to fly the multi-engine plane -- told the control tower that yes , he could see the runway , and did n't hint at an emergency before transmissions suddenly cut off , National Transportation Safety Board investigator Patrick Murray said . It was raining at the time , though Murray did not say whether it 's been determined if weather played a role . "  We do n't have any preliminary indication that anything was wrong with that plane , " Murray said . What they do believe is that the aircraft came in inverted and nose down at a 60 - to 70-degree angle when it crashed into the side of a home about a half-mile from Tweed New Haven Airport . Before that impact , the plane approached at allowable altitude level for landing in that area , the investigator said . Murray stressed there 's still much more to be done , including ideally piecing the aircraft back together and looking for on-board equipment that may provide telling details such as speed and altitude . The fuselage entered one of the homes , according to Malloy . The right wing of the airplane could be seen in the smoldering wreckage of one house , and the left wing was in another house . Video from CNN affiliate WTNH showed smoke rising from a heavily damaged house in East Haven , and what appeared to be the tail of a plane nearby . Fire consumed both houses , initially preventing firefighters from searching for victims , East Haven Fire Chief Douglas Jackson said Friday . Maturo said the children were in one house with their mother when the plane struck shortly before 11:30 a.m. . The mother escaped , he said . "  It 's ... total devastation in the back of the home , " Maturo said . Plane crashes into Indiana neighborhood , kills 2 CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton , Aaron Cooper , Lauren Russell , Jason Hanna , Chelsea J. Carter , Kevin Conlon and Cristy Lenz contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities identify the four people killed , including three minors The plane struck a Connecticut house upside down Friday , an NTSB official says The pilot did not indicate any problems before the crash , an NTSB official says
Authorities investigating this week 's deadly shooting spree at Fort Hood said Friday that an altercation between Spc. Ivan Lopez and his fellow soldiers , rather than a medical condition , may have led to Lopez opening fire . "  The immediate precipitating factor was more likely an escalating argument in his unit area , " Lt. Gen. Mark Milley , the post 's commanding general , told reporters . Some of the soldiers involved in the altercation were victims in the shooting , according to Chris Grey , spokesman for the U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Command , who appeared with Milley at a news conference on the sprawling post . Officials would not release further details about the argument , saying the investigation was still ongoing into what caused the 34-year-old to set out on a shooting spree that left three soldiers dead and 16 wounded before he killed himself . But the sister of one of the soldiers injured in the attack said that prior to the shooting Lopez stopped by the base 's personnel office to pick up a form requesting leave -- or military permission to be away for a time . Armetra Otis , sister of Sgt. Jonathan Westbrook , said on CNN 's "  The Lead " that her brother "  was at work and a guy came in and asked for a leave form . " The soldier was told he would have to come back later , Otis said , "  And apparently I guess he did n't want to hear that , so he came back and just opened fire , " Otis said . "  He shot the first guy he saw and killed him and then turned the gun on my brother and he was shot four times , " she said . Sgt. Westbrook was released from a hospital Friday , his sister said . Both Milley and Grey said they did not know if the leave issue in itself led to the altercation . "  At this time , we have not established a concrete motive , " Grey said . Investigators have not uncovered any history of criminal convictions or previous criminal activity by Lopez , nor have they found any links to terrorism . On Thursday Milley said investigators believed a medical history that indicates an unstable psychiatric or psychological condition may be a "  fundamental causal factor , " in the shooting . But on Friday he said investigators "  do not believe " that his "  underlying medical conditions ... are the direct precipitating factor " The shooting blindsided victims , said Dr. Matthew Davis , medical director of trauma services at Scott & White Memorial Hospital in Temple . "  It was a shocking episode . It felt very surreal , " he said after speaking to victims . "  It was a very unexpected thing in the middle of a working day . " Governor , senator visit Texas Gov. Rick Perry and the state 's junior U.S. senator visited with some of the wounded Friday . Speaking to reporters at Fort Hood afterward , U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz hailed the bravery of wounded survivors . He recalled the story of one soldier , shot in the abdomen , who called 911 and "  stepped forward " to save others . Acknowledging the post has seen two mass shootings since 2009 , Perry said there were no easy answers to what happened Wednesday , but that soldiers there will "  recover from this latest tragedy . " "  We 'll learn lessons about what occurred here and minimize the chances of this ever happening again , " Perry said . Perry and Cruz declined to answer questions about whether soldiers should be able to carry concealed weapons on base . Right now , Perry said , the focus should be on those who were wounded or killed Wednesday . The conditions of three victims , who were previously listed as critical , have been upgraded to fair , Scott & White Memorial Hospital posted on Twitter on Friday morning . Five have been discharged from the hospital . Of the four remaining Friday morning , one was expected to go home later in the day , the hospital said . Milley announced Friday afternoon that the three soldiers killed will be remembered in a memorial service at the post next Wednesday , exactly one week after the attack . The rampage The shooting started about 4 p.m. Wednesday when Lopez walked into an administration building at the base and opened fire with his .45 - caliber semiautomatic pistol . He then got into a car , fired from the vehicle , got out of the car , walked into another nearby administration building and fired again . One of the locations was the medical brigade , the other the transportation battalion . Lopez was assigned to the 13th Sustainment Command , which deals with logistics . In his work , he had regular dealings with the transportation battalion . But authorities have "  no indication at this time " that Lopez was targeting specific soldiers when he opened fire on the Army post , Milley said . The base , which has more than 45,000 soldiers and nearly 9,000 civilian employees , went on lockdown after the shooting began . A short time later , a military police officer came face to face with Lopez . Both he and she drew their weapons , Milley said . Lopez put the gun to his head and pulled the trigger , ending his life . At Lopez 's apartment , his wife was watching news reports about the spree , worrying about her husband , from whom she had not heard all afternoon , said neighbor Xanderia Morris , who tried to console her . But Lopez 's wife had no idea that he was the shooter until a local TV station identified the dead gunman . His widow became "  hysterical " when she heard the news , Morris said . Officers picked up Lopez 's widow at their apartment near the base in Killeen , and she was cooperating with law enforcement , an FBI official told CNN . Depression , anxiety Lopez hailed from Puerto Rico , where he served in the National Guard from 1999 until 2010 before moving to the U.S. Army . He had two deployments as an infantryman , including a four-month stint in Iraq in 2011 as a truck driver , Milley said . Before coming to Fort Hood in February , Lopez served at Fort Bliss in Texas . He , his wife and their daughter moved into an apartment a little more than a week before the shooting . They appeared to be a normal couple , smiling "  whenever they 'd see someone , " Morris said . But behind Lopez 's smile lay a history of depression , anxiety and other psychiatric disorders , Milley told reporters . The soldier was receiving treatment and taking antidepressants , he said . Army records do n't show him as having been wounded in Iraq , but Lopez reported that he had suffered a traumatic brain injury , Milley said . The shooter "  had a clean record " behaviorally , Army Secretary John McHugh said . And he gave no sign during a psychiatric exam last month that he was likely to become violent . Lopez had also been prescribed the sedative Ambien , McHugh said . Investigators who searched his home have found no significant physical evidence , such as a suicide note , to indicate motive , a law enforcement official told CNN on Friday on the condition of anonymity . The official also said that Lopez purchased a "  large amount " of ammunition when he bought a .45 - caliber gun on March 1 , and continued to buy more ammunition throughout March . U.S. law enforcement officials previously said Lopez bought his gun at Guns Galore , a store in Killeen . The casualties All those killed in the shooting were military personnel , Milley said . Sgt. Timothy Owens was one them , his family said in a prepared statement . "  He was a very outgoing person and enjoyed Taekwondo , " the statement said . "  He loved his job in the Army and was going to make it a career . " Owens , 37 , was a counselor in the Army and had served in Iraq . His mother , Mary Muntean , told CNN affiliate WICS-TV in Springfield , Illinois : "  He was a good person . Why would they shoot a good person that was helping them ? " Owens loved the military and planned to make it his career , his mother told the station . "  He did n't answer the phone so I left a message on his phone : ` Son , call me so I know if you 're OK or not . ' Well , never got no call from him . I thought : ` Oh God , please do n't let it be , ' " his mother said . Also killed was Staff Sgt. Carlos A. Lazaney-Rodriguez of Aguadilla , Puerto Rico , according to his aunt , Benny Rodriguez . Lazaney-Rodriguez , 38 , planned to retire from the military soon after serving 20 years , Aguadilla Mayor Carlos Mendez told CNN en Español 's Mayra Cuevas . "  It was a very close-knit family , " Mendez said "  Excellent , decent , very good people . I know his family and his parents . They are good people . " Sgt. 1st Class Danny Ferguson also was killed , his fiancée , Kristen Haley , told CNN affiliate WTSP-TV in Tampa , Florida . Ferguson died trying to hold a door shut to stop the shooter , Haley , also a soldier , told CNN affiliate WTSP-TV in Tampa , Florida . "  He held that door shut because it would n't lock . It seems the doors would be bullet proof , but apparently they 're not , " Haley told the station . "  If he was n't the one standing there holding those doors closed , that shooter would have been able to get through and shoot everyone else . " Haley said Ferguson was a native of Mulberry , Florida , and an outstanding athlete at Mulberry High , where he graduated in 1993 . The small town is about 30 miles east of Tampa . One or two wounded victims may face long-term disabilities , but doctors are working to prevent this , said Davis , the Scott & White Memorial Hospital medical director of trauma services . Not again When he first heard about the shooting , Davis says one thought ran through his mind : "  How can this possibly happen again ? " Less than five years ago , the hospital where Davis works treated casualties after Army Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan killed 13 people and wounded 32 more in a November 2009 shooting at Fort Hood . Hasan was convicted of 13 counts of murder and 32 counts of attempted murder , and a military jury recommended in August that he be put to death . The former military psychiatrist told a court he was on a terrorist mission to protect leading members of the Taliban .	An "  escalating argument " may have led to shooting , officials say Texas Gov. Rick Perry and Sen. Ted Cruz visit some shooting victims Gunman Ivan Lopez killed three people , wounded 16 others at the Army post A memorial for three soldiers killed will be held at Fort Hood next Wednesday
London , England  CNN  -- A long-awaited inquiry into Britain 's role in the Iraq war got under way Tuesday -- a process that could determine whether former Prime Minister Tony Blair misled his country over the 2003 invasion . The inquiry is expected to be the most thorough investigation yet into the decisions that led up to the war and governed Britain 's involvement , analysts said . It is not a court of law , so the inquiry can not find anyone criminally responsible or even apportion blame . But inquiry members will be able to judge the legality of the conflict . "  The Iraq Inquiry was set up to identify the lessons that should be learned from the UK 's involvement in Iraq , to help future governments who may face similar situations , " inquiry Chairman John Chilcot said at the opening of the hearings Tuesday . "  To do this , we need to establish what happened . " Chilcot , a senior civil servant , said on the eve of the hearings that the committee is "  completely determined " to write the full story of Iraq war decision-making by the British government using all the evidence it can get . Prime Minister Gordon Brown , who announced the inquiry in June , has promised the committee will have access to the full range of information , including secret documents , in order to identify lessons that can be learned from the war . The inquiry officially began July 30 , but Tuesday was the first day of hearings , which are expected to last into the new year . The hearings were initially going to be held behind closed doors , but after criticism the government decided to allow the hearings to be public and televised . The committee has said it will decide on a case-by-case basis whether to keep the hearings private when discussing sensitive or classified information . Blair will be called to testify , Chilcot said earlier this year , and the former prime minister has said he will appear . Other witnesses will be key decision-makers involved in Iraq , Chilcot has said . Chilcot has said the panel members plan to visit Iraq as part of their work , as well as hold discussions with Iraqis outside of the country . Top officials from the British and U.S. governments also might be called on for evidence , he said . Britain has already held four hearings about the Iraq war . But because all were held before the end of 2004 -- so close to the start of the war -- they were hampered by limited information , political analyst Glen Rangwala of Cambridge University told CNN . "  They did n't manage to achieve anything like a comprehensive understanding of the paths that led the UK to support the United States in the invasion , " he said . "  This will be the first to look at political decision-making that led to the British invasion of 2003 , with the potential to tell a full story . " People involved in those decisions are more likely to testify now than they were a few years ago , Rangwala said . That partly because British troops are no longer involved in combat in Iraq , but also because the war there is no longer the politicized issue it was when Blair was in power , he said . "  The sort of political sting has been taken out of it , and people who are presenting their evidence to the  inquiry  wo n't feel quite so constrained by the political line , or the party line , than they would have a few years ago , " he said . Britain 's first two inquiries were held by government committees in 2003 . The House of Commons Select Committee on Foreign Affairs examined whether Britain 's Foreign Office gave accurate and complete information to Parliament in the run-up to the war . It found the government exerted no improper influence on the drafting of the dossier given to Parliament on Iraq 's alleged weapons of mass destruction . The Intelligence and Security Committee then examined whether intelligence about Iraq and its weapons was properly assessed and accurately reflected in government publications . Its findings were mixed . The next two inquiries had narrow mandates , looking at specific aspects of the war . The Hutton report from January 2004 investigated the death of David Kelly , a leading microbiologist and former U.N. weapons inspector who committed suicide months earlier . Kelly had worked for the British Ministry of Defence , advising it on Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction , but was later found to be the source of a BBC report that said the government had exaggerated evidence to justify war on Iraq . Following that came the Butler inquiry , which looked at the accuracy of intelligence on weapons of mass destruction in Iraq and elsewhere . It found some of the intelligence sources were "  seriously flawed , " but that there was no evidence of deliberate distortion or culpable negligence by spy agencies .	Hearings begin in UK Iraq Inquiry to determine legality of the Iraq War Promised to be the most thorough investigation into Britain 's involvement in the war Hearings will be televised after initial plans for closed-door sessions were criticised Former Prime Minister Tony Blair will be called to testify
EW.com  -- EW has confirmed that producers Mike Tollin  "  Varsity Blues , " "  Coach Carter "  and Glenn Rigberg  "  Struck By Lightning "  have obtained the rights to make a feature film biopic about Henry "  Hank " Aaron , the baseball legend who broke Babe Ruth 's decades-long career home-run record on April 8 , 1974 . This project has instantly become one of the hottest sports movie projects in Hollywood . Barry Levinson  "  The Natural "  is attached to direct , working with screenwriter Adam Mazer , who wrote Levinson 's HBO biopic on Jack Kevorkian , "  You Do n't Know Jack , " which Rigberg exec produced . Based on Howard Bryant 's book "  The Last Hero : The Life Story of Henry Aaron , " the film will trace the two years from 1972 to 1974 during which Aaron chased , and bested , Babe Ruth 's record -- an accomplishment that was met with both breathless media coverage as well as death threats . Aaron , who has been reportedly reluctant in the past to agree to a film version of his life , will consult on the film . He first worked with Tollin on the latter 's Oscar-nominated 1995 feature documentary , "  Hank Aaron : Chasing the Dream , " and the two have remained friends since . Tollin sits on the board of the Hank Aaron Chasing the Dream Foundation , and tells EW he plans for proceeds from the film to be funneled back into the Foundation . "  This -LSB- film -RSB- is something we 've toyed with and talk about all the time , " Tollin says . "  It 's challenging for Henry , because in some ways , it was the darkest time of his life , even though it was the most triumphant in professional terms . But as we talked about it , I think he grew more comfortable with our approach to it and having it shine a light on where America was in those times , and how far we 've progressed -- and maybe how far we still have to go . " Casting will not begin in earnest until the script is completed . The hope is to go into production next year , and release in 2014 , in time for both the 40th anniversary of Aaron 's record , and the man 's 80th birthday . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	A biopic is being made about Henry "  Hank " Aaron , the baseball legend Aaron broke Babe Ruth 's decades-long career home-run record on April 8 , 1974 Aaron will consult on the film with producer Mike Tollin
CNN  -- There 's been an outpouring of support from celebrities and CNN readers alike after CNN 's Anderson Cooper publicly acknowledged Monday that he 's gay . The "  AC 360 ˚ " anchor wrote in an e-mail to the Daily Beast 's Andrew Sullivan that was posted online Monday , saying that in a perfect world , no one would care about his sexuality , but he 's come to understand the "  value in making clear where I stand . " "  The fact is , I 'm gay , always have been , always will be , and I could n't be any more happy , comfortable with myself , and proud , " Cooper wrote . His readers and fellow media personalities have commended his move to publicly come out , sharing what his friends , family and colleagues already knew : Jesse Tyler Ferguson  @jessetyler "  One of the reasons I look up to my friend @andersoncooper is his amazing eloquence . Very proud of him ! " Kristen Bell  @IMKristenBell "  A bold and beautiful statement by someone who is smarter than all of us , journalist @andersoncooper . " Tyra Banks  @tyrabanks "  Congrats for sharing your truth @andersoncooper . You 'll always be the Silver Fox ! " Neil Patrick Harris  @ActuallyNPH "  Good for you , @andersoncooper . You 're awesome . " Joan Rivers  @Joan_Rivers "  Thrilled @AndersonCooper came out ! So , THAT 'S why he never wanted to date me ! I would 've loved having Gloria Vanderbilt as my mother-in-law . " NeNe Leakes  @NeNeLeakes That did it ... Now I really love @andersoncooper . " Sara Bareilles  @SaraBareilles "  I applaud @andersoncooper for being authentic and honest with the public . It helps others feel brave too . " Ellen DeGeneres  @TheEllenShow "  I 'm proud of you , @AndersonCooper . " Kelly Ripa  @KellyRipa "  So proud of you @andersoncooper . Always have been , always will be . " Wanda Sykes  @iamwandasykes "  Proud of you @andersoncooper . Thank you . " LeAnn Rimes  @leannrimes "  Rock on @AndersonCooper for being a brave , classy man . Much respect ! " Those sentiments were echoed on CNN.com Monday , with many thanking Cooper for being open and honest about his sexuality , hoping that it will give others the courage to do the same : • macbil : "  Thanks Anderson . There was a time not too long ago in this country when young men who realized they were gay had no role models . It took courage to do what you did . It would be hard to calculate the positive image you 've set for young gay men . " • Proud To Be Gay : "  It took me 67 years to embrace myself as a gay man . I wish I had done it sooner , such as Anderson has . Thanks for making us proud , Anderson . " • Toronto Guy : "  Tireless anchor . Intrepid news journalist . Puts himself in harm 's way more times than I can count . Caring and committed soul . And his tailored suits are always great ! Thanks for coming out , bud . Let 's hope your colleagues over at Fox and other news orgs do the same . " • Dave : "  Thank you Anderson for putting another prominent face on our comunity . I 'm so proud . I ca n't amagine the weight that 's off your shoulders . " • John Summers : "  I have to say I THANK YOU Anderson Cooper for your public announcement . Bringing a face to the GLBT community can only inspire the gay youth of the country to have someone to look up to . I am very proud of what you have done today . I wish you the best and happy life . You have always had me as a loyal viewer and shall continue my loyalty . " Still others noted that his sexuality really does n't impact how they view the journalist : • caninelady : "  I liked him before ; I like him now . Since I had no desire to marry him or have any kind of relationship with him , it does n't disappoint , upset or bother me . People should be allowed to live and love as they choose . There is way too much hate and judgment in society . I care only what people do with our life , what they contribute to society and not who they love . But , then I 'm just a 60 + , basically conservative old Christian grandmother . " And then there was the contingent who could n't believe this story counted as "  news " : • Jon : "  WHAT ? HE 'S GAY ?! Geesh , that 's old news ! I knew he was gay the first time I saw him in a tight fitting t-shirt reporting from the middle east years ago . He 's a good reporter and news anchor and the fact that he likes men , does not change my opinion of him . " But there was also an important discussion sparked by Cooper 's decision to share his e-mail to Sullivan with the world : Why is it important for people to acknowledge their sexuality in the first place ? • Commenter Puddin wrote the question this way : "  I have wanted to ask this question for a long time : why do people who are gay or lesbian , etc. feel they have to announce it ? I have never heard a straight person do this . No one has a need to know ! " The responses , from fellow CNN.com commenters , were varied : • Jeff : "  Because people ask . When people stop caring enough to no longer ask because it does n't matter then gays will stop ` announcing it . '  coming out .  . " • wcbhwk : "  Couple of good reasons . First , the more people who do this , especially prominent people in our society , the more others will understand that being gay is not that unusual . Second , and more importantly , through our close mindedness and repression , both tacit and direct , we have forced many of those who are gay to live this aspect of their lives secretively . It takes courage to be openly gay , even today . While that is sad , it is still reality . So by showing courage to come out publicly , it sends a message to others to also have courage . " For his part , Cooper tweeted on Tuesday , "  I appreciate all the nice tweets . I am in Botswana working but want to wish everyone a great 4th of July ! " CNN 's Nicole Saidi contributed to this report .	Anderson Cooper 's announcement that he 's gay has brought waves of support Stars like Ellen DeGeneres and Kelly Ripa have tweeted how proud they are of Cooper Readers have thanked the anchor for his courage
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- FBI agents temporarily deployed to Iraq received an average of about $ 45,000 in excessive overtime because they billed the government for 16 hours a day throughout their 90-day assignments , according to a Justice Department audit . Justice Department Inspector General Glenn Fine released the audit on Thursday . The audit , released Thursday by Inspector General Glenn Fine , found the agents routinely submitted the overtime with the blessing of their managers from 2003 through 2007 . The report says the excessive overtime totaled $ 7.8 million . "  The FBI inappropriately permitted employees to regularly claim overtime for activities that are not compensable as work , such as time spent eating meals , exercising more than 3 hours per week , and socializing , " the report said . The socializing included going to movies and cocktail parties . The FBI promptly responded to the report , acknowledging the overtime policy was designed to encourage FBI employees to volunteer for Iraq duty , but should not have been used and has now been corrected . The 88-page report documenting the overtime issues found the FBI had initially approved the policy of paying for 16-hour days because conditions were harsh , there were few recreational opportunities and employees were always "  on call . " But the audit said that violates federal pay guidelines . The FBI admitted that "  a flawed system was allowed to develop and remain in place too long , " but it also sought to explain how the practice started . "  Early in the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq FBI managers traveled to those war zones and saw first hand the challenges of a 24/7 threat environment . FBI employees lived with sniper attacks , mortar fire , and roadside bombs as part of their daily work environment . They attempted to adapt a long established domestic pay system for domestic law enforcement to unprecedented wartime assignments for FBI personnel . " FBI agents in Iraq perform a variety of duties , according to the bureau 's Web site . Agents interview suspected terrorists captured by the military ; gather intelligence ; collect evidence from crime scenes like car bombs or mass graves ; and investigate crimes committed by Americans against Iraqis , as well as those that Iraqis commit against their fellow citizens . The inspector general 's report said overtime pay was less excessive for FBI personnel in Afghanistan . The report also found that somewhat less excessive overtime was paid to agents from other Justice Department agencies who were sent to Iraq , including deputy marshals , and ATF and DEA agents .	FBI agents in Iraq each received an average of $ 45,000 in excessive overtime Audit finds agents submitted overtime with managers ' blessing FBI acknowledges error but says policy was to encourage voluntary sign-ups
CNN  -- Bail was set at $ 50,000 Friday night for a GOP campaign worker who made up a story about being attacked by a man angered by a John McCain bumper sticker on her car . Police say Ashley Todd admitted making up the report that she was attacked because of a McCain sticker . Ashley Todd , 20 , of College Station , Texas , has been charged with filing a false police report , a misdemeanor , a police report said . Todd , who is being held at the Allegheny County Jail in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , did not enter a plea when she appeared in court Friday night . She did not post bail . She is scheduled to appear in court again October 30 , when she is expected to enter a plea . If she posts bail , Todd must be evaluated at a behavioral clinic . "  This has wasted so much time . ... It 's just a lot of wasted man hours , " Assistant Police Chief Maurita Bryant said at a briefing . Todd was a volunteer for a John McCain phone bank in Pittsburgh , the campaign said . The woman told investigators a man approached her Wednesday night at an ATM in Pittsburgh 's East End , put a blade to her neck and demanded money , said Pittsburgh police spokeswoman Diane Richard . Police said they found "  several inconsistencies " in Todd 's statement and she was not seen in surveillance videos taken at the ATM . She was asked to take a polygraph test Friday morning , Richard said . The results were not made public . Later , Todd came to the police station to help work on a composite sketch of the alleged attacker . When she arrived , Todd "  told them she just wanted to tell the truth " -- that she was not robbed , and there was no attacker , Bryant said . Todd originally told police a man "  punched her in the back of the head , knocking her to the ground , and he continued to punch and kick her while threatening to teach her a lesson for being a McCain supporter , " according to a police statement . The woman also told police her attacker "  called her a lot of names and stated that ` You are going to be a Barack supporter , ' at which time she states he sat on her chest , pinning both her hands down with his knees , and scratched into her face a backward letter ` B ' on the right side of her face using what she believed to be a very dull knife . " Bryant described Todd as "  very cordial , polite , cooperating , " and said the woman was surprised by all the media attention . Asked whether the false report was politically motivated , Bryant replied , "  It 's difficult to say . " "  She is stating that she was in her vehicle driving around , and she came up with this idea , " she said . "  She said she has prior mental problems and does n't know how the backward letter ` B ' got on her face . " However , Todd was the only one in the vehicle , and "  when she saw the ` B ' she thought she must have been the one who did it , " Bryant said . "  We 're talking with the district attorney 's office and conferring on just how we 're going to handle it , " she said . "  It 's been different stories through the night and this morning . " She said there was no indication that anyone else was involved . Richard said the woman had described her alleged attacker as an African-American , 6 feet 4 inches tall with a medium build and short dark hair , wearing dark clothing and shiny shoes . Before the revelation that the report was false , McCain spokeswoman Jill Hazelbaker said that McCain and running mate Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin "  spoke to the victim and her family after learning about the incident . " The Obama campaign also had issued a statement wishing the woman a "  speedy recovery . "	NEW : Ashley Todd has yet to post $ 50,000 bail for allegedly filing false police report NEW : If she posts bail , she must undergo mental health evaluation Police say the 20-year-old has a history of mental problems Woman told police man robbed , beat her after noticing John McCain sticker on car
Rolling Stone magazine has revised its apology to readers about an article on an alleged gang rape at the University of Virginia . The apology was originally posted Friday on the magazine website and said of Jackie , the woman who described the alleged rape , "  Our trust in her was misplaced . " In the updated apology , those words have been removed . The magazine said of its reporting errors , "  These mistakes are on Rolling Stone , not on Jackie . " The apology was changed Saturday without any explanation by the magazine . Rolling Stone was criticized by some people for "  victim-blaming " in the first version of the apology . Hanna Rosin , a writer for Slate.com , said on Brian Stelter 's "  Reliable Sources " show on CNN : "  It essentially said this is Jackie 's fault but , you know , Jackie is not a journalist . She does n't know the rules of journalism . She 's just telling her own story . It 's on us to know that you have to trust but verify . You have to check the sources . You have to figure out with the story is true because if not you end up in a mess like the one we 're in now . " Magazine managing editor Will Dana sent out a tweet Friday afternoon that reflected that sentiment , saying "  That failure is on us -- not on her . " But those thoughts were not put into the apology until Saturday . The November 19 article , titled "  A Rape on Campus : A Brutal Assault and Search for Justice at UVA , " chronicled the school 's failure to respond to that alleged assault in a fraternity house . One of the major criticisms of Rolling Stone is that the reporter did not seek comment from the men Jackie says raped her . The updated apology says Rolling Stone honored a request from Jackie , a pseudonym , not to interview the men because she feared retaliation . "  We should have not made this agreement with Jackie , and we should have worked harder to convince her that the truth would have been better served by getting the other side of the story , " said the updated apology written by Dana . "  These mistakes are on Rolling Stone , not on Jackie . " The updated apology mentions discrepancies in Jackie 's account that have already been reported by The Washington Post and other news outlets . For instance , Phi Kappa Psi did not have a party the night in September 2012 Jackie said the rape occurred and the man she identified as her date that night was not a member of that fraternity , the apology says . The apology says , "  A friend of Jackie 's  who we were told would not speak to Rolling Stone  told the Washington Post that he found Jackie that night a mile from the school 's fraternities . She did not appear to be ` physically injured at the time ' but was shaken . "  She told him that that she had been forced to have oral sex with a group of men at a fraternity party , but he does not remember her identifying a specific house . Other friends of Jackie 's told the Washington Post that they now have doubts about her narrative , but Jackie told the Washington Post that she firmly stands by the account she gave to -LSB- reporter Sabrina Rubin -RSB- Erdely . " After the article ran in November , It prompted an emergency meeting by the school 's governing board and the announcement of a zero-tolerance approach toward sexual assault cases . The school suspended fraternity social events until the spring semester . According to the magazine , Jackie , who at the time had just started her freshman year at the Charlottesville school , claimed she was raped by seven men at Phi Kappa Psi fraternity , while two more gave encouragement , during a party . However , the University of Virginia 's Phi Kappa Psi chapter did not have a party the night of September 28 , 2012 , the date when the alleged attack occurred , or at all that weekend , the chapter said in a statement Friday . The chapter 's lawyer , Ben Warthen , told CNN email and fraternity records are proof .	Rolling Stone revises apology after complaints of victim blaming "  These mistakes are on Rolling Stone , not on Jackie , " the apology says The magazine says it should have contacted the men the woman says raped her
New York  CNN  -- President Obama has given a lot of speeches . He 's given hundreds since he became president . He 's given six in the last two days on his trip to the Gulf . But last night 's was the first speech he has given from the Oval Office . It will not be his last . But it was important , and he gave it well . It took him five paragraphs to say the serious words we have all known for weeks , but he needed to say : "  This oil spill is the worst environmental disaster America has ever faced . " He went on to say what every American and every victim of this disaster wanted to hear : "  We will fight this spill with everything we 've got for as long it takes . We will make BP pay for the damage their company has caused . And we will do whatever 's necessary to help the Gulf Coast and its people recover from this tragedy . " The rest of the speech did n't matter nearly as much . There were other things he wanted to say , and some of them were important . But the reality is that those 44 words quoted above are action items : We will fight with everything ; we will make BP pay ; and we will help our citizens recover . Now the president has to make it happen . As our nation 's leader , he made commitments and they must be kept . We all know the president can give a great speech . In fact , he 's president because he first got noticed giving a speech . He gave many more inspiring campaign speeches and raised the expectations of millions of Americans that things would be different . Whether they are or not is up to each individual to judge . But why there was such a buildup to his giving his first Oval Office speech baffled me . The president sits at his own desk in the office he works in every day ; he looks into the camera and reads the teleprompter . It 's symbolic , but that 's about it . My old boss Ronald Reagan gave most of his big speeches from the Oval Office . He felt that the office gave gravitas to his words . He had a unique ability to look into that camera and make most Americans feel he was talking to them -- a very special skill . Who can forget his speech from the Oval Office on the night of the Challenger disaster ? The doubts people have expressed over the last several weeks about Obama were : Does he get it ? And if he does , is he tough enough to do something about it ? I think he gets it . I hope he 's tough enough . I think the speech was a good speech . It was the public consumption speech . It was designed to make us feel better . The next speech he gives in the Oval Office is the one that counts . It 's a private speech . When he meets Wednesday with the chairman and chief executive officer of BP , he needs to express the anger and disappointment of the nation and put a fear into this company that will move them to continued action and enough contrition that they wo n't quit until every last legitimate claim is paid . That 's what we want to hear ! The president closed his speech asking for prayers . "  We pray for the people of the Gulf . And we pray that a hand may guide us through the storm towards a brighter day . " I think what the American public wants is a president who will guide us through this storm . If we pray , our prayers are for him and those victims of this disaster . The time for speeches is over . No more words ; just action ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Rollins .	Ed Rollins says President Obama 's speech made all the key points He says the most important thing is that Obama follow up with action Rollins : Americans want to know if Obama is tough enough to deal with this crisis He says key test will come when Obama meets with BP executives
Denver , Colorado  CNN  A federal judge gave a four-year prison sentence Friday to a 19-year-old Colorado woman who admitted guilt in wanting to become an ISIS bride and participate in its jihad in the Mideast . Shannon Maureen Conley is one of the first Americans to be sentenced for conspiracy to support ISIS and received a sentence that was also recommended by prosecutors seeking to send a message of deterrence . Though the judge initially cited how Conley needs psychiatric care , he sided with prosecutors in the end . "  What is it that will cause others to stop " in the future , Judge Raymond P. Moore said during sentencing . Before sentencing , Conley wept as she read a statement saying , "  It was after arrest that I learned the truth about the ISIS that I was taught to respect . " She talked about her ongoing journey into Islam . "  Since my incarceration I have had a chance to read the entire Quran , " she said . She concluded that "  the scholars " she had been following in her online research about Islam had distorted the Quran , she said . "  Even though I was committed to the idea of jihad , I did n't want to hurt anyone . It was all about defending Muslims , " she said . She called her situation a "  life-altering " experience and said she now wants to be a "  catalyst of good " going forward . "  I am deeply humbled by this opportunity to grow , " she said . "  I do not believe I am a threat to society and I ask you to allow me to prove it , " she pleaded to the judge . Conley 's mother waved to her with tears in her eyes as Conley was led out of the courtroom . Later her parents released a statement online criticizing the U.S. legal system for making an example of their daughter in trying to discourage others from turning to extremism . If "  the government is willing to sacrifice the future of a 19-year-old American citizen to drive the point home ... then we feel the terrorists have won this particular battle in the war on terrorism . " Outside the courthouse after the proceeding , Conley 's lawyer , Assistant Federal Defender Robert Pepin , told reporters he was disappointed with the sentence and noted that the plea agreement imposed limitations on any appeal , which the defense is considering . "  I think the judge gave a sentence he thought was appropriate . That 's all I really have to say about the sentence , " Pepin said . He said he wanted Americans to know that his client is a wonderful person . "  Her future will be bright . She will get past this , " he said . But Moore said Conley 's plea agreement gave him limited options on sentencing . Under the plea agreement , Conley faced "  up to five years in federal prison and a fine up to $ 250,000 for conspiracy to provide material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization , " federal prosecutors said . She received credit for cooperating with federal authorities , according to the prosecutor and the judge . Her prison sentence will be followed by three years of supervised release and 100 hours of community service , in which she has to interact with "  ordinary people , " Moore said . He also prohibited her possession of any black powder or explosive materials . "  I 'm not taking any chances , " Moore said . Conley 's plea was made last year in exchange for a reduced charge with a lighter sentence . During Friday 's sentencing hearing , U.S. Attorney Greg Holloway said Conley has been cooperative and willingly provided information to investigators . He argued that a four-year sentence would send a message that the U.S. government uses restraint , but consequences are serious in terror cases . Moore interrupted the prosecutor at one point saying , "  That woman is in need of psychiatric help . " "  I 'm not saying that her decisions were all a product of mental illness . ... But she 's a bit of a mess , " Moore said . The judge referenced Conley 's psychiatric report that stated "  she is not a terrorist . " The judge also alluded to a series of events from 2011 to her arrest in 2014 . "  There is a history of events that would make for a bad movie , " Moore said . Conley almost agreed to marry three different people in a matter of months , according to Moore . The prosecutor said Conley was "  pathologically naive . " Added the judge : "  She has no history in the criminal justice system . She is very young . ... Teenagers make dumb decisions a lot . " Conley looked relaxed in court . She smiled at times while talking with lawyers before the hearing . She wore a blue and white jail uniform , a head scarf and glasses . Pepin said while Conley has been in jail , she has been studying Spanish and macroeconomics , writing letters to her mother , sisters , friends , even "  Allah , " talking about religion and her desire "  to understand . " Her lawyer said she has gone through a complete transformation in the past nine months . Pepin argued that "  the things that she believed at the time she was arrested she does not believe now . " He noted that Conley , a convert to Islam , changed her adopted Muslim name from Halima to Amatullah , because she is a different person now . Amatullah means female "  servant of Allah . " Conley initially took the name Halima after converting to Islam . Opinion : When Americans leave for jihad But Moore adamantly responded , "  She had another name before Halima . " "  Do n't tell me that changing her name means she gets it . She changes her name like I change my socks , " the judge told the defense . The judge said a belief , even if she was misled by ill-intentioned extremists asserting religion justifies violent jihad , does not excuse her actions . "  There is a string of defiance that rolls through her life that I have not seen change yet , " Moore said . "  Defiance has been a part of the fabric for a long time and that is concerning . " The judge talked about how she showed up to a meeting with the FBI wearing a T-shirt that said , "  Sniper do n't run , you 'll die trying . " The judge also mentioned how investigators tried to stop Conley with multiple warnings that following through on her plans could lead to her arrest . She responded with , "  I 'd rather go to prison than do nothing , " according to Moore . The judge also expressed alarm about Conley 's other preoccupations . "  What am I to do about this obsession with the military ? " Moore said . Opinion : Rise of the female jihadists He said Conley planned to be a police officer and join the military and then went to training with U.S. Army Explorers to learn military skills . What if one reason she desired to go to Syria to marry an ISIS fighter was n't just because she shared a belief in jihad , but "  because he was attractive to her because he was a soldier ? " the judge asked . The judge noted that Conley still signs letters "  behind enemy lines . " A female imam went to mentor Conley in jail and reported that Conley wanted to talk about violent jihad . The judge said it 's surprising that Conley suddenly is disavowing jihad and that she has seemed to do a 180-degree turn in a very short period . The judge also brought up a letter Conley wrote to a friend that seemed to mock the American people 's concern about terrorism . Moore also referenced comments that Conley made to CNN when it visited her a day before Friday 's sentencing . Conley told CNN of her new adopted Muslim name , a new hairstyle for the sentencing date , and how "  I 'm in a vulnerable place right now , and it would be stupid of me to talk to you when I 'm vulnerable . " On Friday , Moore noted that "  she does n't get it . " "  She 's a look-at-me girl , " Moore continued , and he referenced the CNN interview . Pipen said he was furious about the jailhouse visit and said he thought it was sneaky . The judge also cited the ISIS fighter whom she was to marry , Yousr Mouelhi , a 32-year-old Tunisian man "  Why did she think Mouelhi was a good man ? ... Does she get this ? " the judge said . He indicated that Conley still calls her suitor "  a good man . " Conley attracted national attention last year after authorities arrested her at Denver International Airport . Investigators said she told them she was going to Turkey to await word from an ISIS member in Syria , a man she met on the Internet and planned to marry . According to court documents , she intended to become a nurse in an ISIS camp . She is a Colorado certified nurse 's aide . Her parents , Ana Maria and John Conley , were aware of their daughter 's conversion to Islam but did n't know about her interest in extreme Islam or jihad . John Conley reportedly caught his daughter talking to her ISIS "  suitor " on Skype . The couple asked for the father 's blessing , but he said no . On April 1 , the father called the FBI to report that he had found her ticket for an April 8 flight to Turkey on his desk . Opinion : What lures Americans to Syria fight ? CNN 's Ana Cabrera and Sara Weisfeldt reported from Colorado . Michael Martinez wrote and reported from Los Angeles .	Shannon Conley , 19 , receives prison sentence that prosecutors requested Judge weights "  what is it that will cause others to stop " endorsing jihad "  I do not believe I am a threat to society , " Conley pleads before sentencing
CNN  -- The mother of child murder suspect Casey Anthony affirms her belief in her daughter 's innocence and expresses fear for her safety in letters released by court officials on Thursday . "  You stay strong Casey , " Cindy Anthony tells her daughter in one letter from May . "  Many , many people believe in you and are trying to get to the truth . Not everyone has been brainwashed and not everyone is trying to cover his/her butt . " Casey Anthony is charged with capital murder in the death of her 2-year-old daughter Caylee . The girl was reported missing in July 2008 , and investigators found her body after five months of intense searches and speculation . In the May letter , Cindy Anthony writes that she "  freaked out " when she saw her daughter being escorted into the courtroom by heavily armed deputies . "  I was worried that there 's treats -LSB- sic -RSB- on your life and are finally being taken seriously , " she wrote . "  I swear there are maniacs out there . I hope they step up security next year , for all of us . It 's going to be nuts . Hopefully by then somebody will actually look at the evidence and clearly see that they need to be looking for the real person that took our Caylee . " In June , after Casey Anthony tripped on her way to a court appearance and showed up with a chipped tooth and cut lip , her mother said she had been "  worried that something was going to happen to you . " She thanks her daughter for trying to call on Mother 's Day , and tells her , "  I had a dream the other night that you will be home . " "  I know you better than anyone , " Cindy Anthony wrote . "  Even with unanswered questions I still know the person you are and love you have in your heart . Your problem is that you are too trusting like I was . Unfortunately , we both found out how ugly and mean people really are . There 's very few people you can trust . " The letters were released as part of discovery in the case . In June , prosecutors released more than 5,000 pages of documents that ranged from marriage proposals from admirers to calls for Casey Anthony to be put to death . She has pleaded not guilty and has refused to see visitors , because the sessions would be videotaped and eventually released . In a July letter , her mother laments , "  I just wish we had the ability to speak to each other . " In Session 's Aletse Mellado contributed to this report .	Casey Anthony 's mom warns , "  I swear there are maniacs out there " "  Many people believe in you and are trying to get to the truth " Anthony faces capital murder charges in daughter Caylee 's 2008 death Letters released as part of discovery in upcoming trial
CNN  -- Five of seven Japanese women who disappeared during a diving excursion off the Indonesian island of Bali last week were found alive and rescued Monday , Bali 's search and rescue agency said . Mission Coordinator Didi Hamzah confirmed Tuesday night that they had recovered the body of one of the divers . The body was found floating at 610pm local time near Serangan Island . It was retrieved at 635pm and brought to the Bali Sangla hospital for identification . Photos distributed by Getty Images showed the survivors being transferred from a boat to ambulances on Bali on Monday , three days after they were reported missing . The women were being treated at two Bali hospitals Monday , the rescue agency said . Fishermen found four of the women Monday afternoon and alerted authorities , and a rescue boat was sent for them . A fifth survivor was later found in the same area , and a search and rescue helicopter picked her up , the rescue agency said . Search and Rescue agency official Gede Surya told CNN that the five divers were found just south of Nusa Penida island . Four of them were grouped together on some rocks and the fifth was found nearby . "  They were dehydrated and in shock but they could still speak and walk , " he said . The body of a sixth diver was found Tuesday , and the search continues for the sole missing woman , authorities said . Japanese media reported that the woman rescued separately was instructor Saori Furukawa , who had left the group on Sunday in an attempt to hail the fishing boat for rescue . Four of the rescued divers were taken to Sangla hospital in Bali , where psychologist Retno Kusuma told CNN they are in the same hospital room and are in "  good condition mentally -LSB- and -RSB- psychologically . " She said that the group were laughing and joking , and that they will be assessed again in a few days but are currently only being treated for light burns . The seven Japanese women -- two dive instructors and five tourists -- failed to return to the surface Friday after a dive near the Indonesian islands of Nusa Lembongan and Nusa Penida , just southeast of Bali . The owner of the Bali dive company Yellow Scuba told CNN that the captain who accompanied the seven hired a Yellow Scuba boat but did not work for the company . The captain , in a written statement given to police and published in local news reports , said the weather was good when the divers entered the water . "  But about 15 minutes later , it was cloudy . I tried to find them but my efforts produced no results , " the captain 's statement reads . Heavy rains were reported in the area Friday . The period from October to April is monsoon season in Bali , which sees strong winds and bursts of heavy rain . Nuraki Aziz and CNN 's James Durston and contributed to this report .	NEW : Search and Rescue recovered the body of one of the divers Tuesday evening Five rescued Japanese divers are being treated at hospitals in Bali , rescue agency says Seven women were reported missing after they dived into waters off Bali on Friday Fishermen found some of the women Monday and altered authorities , rescue agency says
Washington  CNN  If Republican leaders can quell conservative dissatisfaction with House Speaker John Boehner , and no further drama comes out from the House leadership 's No. 3 Rep. Steve Scalise , GOP heads hope to get back on track with their aggressive agenda to forcefully confront President Barack Obama on the top issues of the day , including the Keystone XL pipeline , immigration , health care and national security . Republicans believe their legislative plans will sharpen for voters the contrast between the GOP and Democrats , and set the stage for the 2016 presidential and congressional elections . "  The first thing we need to do is demonstrate we heard what the voters were saying on Nov. 4 . To me , they said we want you to function and we want you to solve problems , " Texas GOP Senator John Cornyn , the number two Republican leader , told CNN . Republicans have a long list of priorities , chief among them unraveling many of the president 's signature policies on energy , health care , the environment , and banking . Their job wo n't be easy because for any bill to get through the Senate , the 54 Republicans will need a handful of Democratic votes . Republican leaders say they want to put on the floor compromise bills that can bridge the ideological gap between the most conservative members of the GOP and a small group of centrist Democrats who might vote with them . In addition , the President is vowing to veto major changes to his signature health care law or the recent immigration reforms he ordered . So anything Republicans hope to get signed into law will have to be negotiated with Obama , who they fiercely stood up to during his first six years in office . "  When the American people elect divided government , they 're not saying they do n't want anything done , " a collaborative sounding incoming Senate Majority leader Sen. Mitch McConnell recently told CNN 's Dana Bash . "  What they are saying is they want things done in the political center , things that both sides can agree on . " In a sign of how important Republicans are taking their new responsibilities , House and Senate Republicans will huddle in a rare joint retreat in Hershey , Pennsylvania in mid-January to finalize and unite around their strategies for 2015 . Approval of the Keystone pipeline , which the administration has delayed for years , tops the GOP agenda . Votes are planned on the House and Senate floor during the first two weeks of January . GOP leaders also plan quick votes on Obamacare and immigration . RELATED : Obama , Senate GOP to test new relationship If they pass , the President would be forced to either accept or reject the bills . Republicans believe they win either way : If he signs them , Republicans will have accomplishment to point to . If he vetoes them , the GOP can blame the President for blocking bipartisan bills . "  Hopefully , the President will follow our lead and go in a different direction , " McConnell said . McConnell has said also he wants to allow Democratic amendments to GOP bills , something Republicans were denied regularly by Democrats when they controlled the Senate . In doing so , McConnell believes he can build good will across the aisle and grow support for individual bills . He believes also , strategically , that Democrats will quickly run through a series of hot-button Democratic issues -- like bolstering EPA regulations and boosting the minimum wage -- that could be more difficult for GOP senators running again in swing states to vote on if they took place closer to the election . In the House , Boehner will have a larger majority -- 246 GOP seats -- and aides from both parties expect the Speaker will be able to bypass Democrats push through most legislation with mainly Republican votes . But because the continued internal tensions between conservatives and those GOP members hoping to resolve key policy issues will persist , Boehner might again need to turn to Democrats on key spending or fiscal matters . "  If we did n't have the President we 'd be shuttered off to the side -- we do n't care what you think , " Rep Steny Hoyer , the number two House Democrat told CNN . While he said he was willing to work with GOP leaders , Hoyer said even in the minority Democrats would remain relevant in major policy debates because of GOP defections , and a key role for Democrats in the new Congress would be to work with the president to sustain any vetoes . Here is a look at what Republicans have in the works : Keystone/energy -- Republicans say construction of the pipeline is an easy way to create jobs and lessen U.S. dependence on oil from the Middle East . A Senate bill fell one vote shy of the 60 needed to overcome a Democratic filibuster in November . Republican leaders are confident they can pass it now but acknowledge it 's unlikely they can get 67 votes to override a presidential veto . RELATED : Senate eyes Keystone fight Economy/jobs -- In 2014 , House Republicans passed a series of narrowly focused bills designed to create new jobs . Many of these rolled back federal regulations on manufacturers , which the GOP argued prevented businesses from expanding . Some passed with bipartisan support but hit a wall in the Democratic-controlled Senate . Now Republicans are scheduling new votes on these same bills in both chambers and hope to garner enough support to send them to the President . Obamacare -- The day after the midterm election Boehner and McConnell promised to keep up their effort to repeal Obamacare , which not a single Republican voted for when it was enacted . They recognize they do n't have the votes to get over a certain presidential veto of a complete repeal so are looking at smaller changes to the law that are supported by bipartisan lawmakers . The first week back House GOP leaders scheduled votes on two measures increase the threshold employers have to reach to provide healthcare to workers from 30 to 40 hours per week . One GOP bill deals narrowly with changing the law to encourage hiring more veterans and another is a broader proposal affecting all businesses . Votes are likely on doing away with the medical device tax that helps pay for the law . There is an internal debate among Republicans whether to use a special budget tool -- known as "  reconciliation " -- that could allow them to pass a repeal in the Senate with just 51 votes . But because the President has said he will veto that bill , some Republicans want to save reconciliation , which can only be used once , for another priority , like tax reform , entitlement changes , or energy policy . Immigration : Boehner vowed he would fight "  tooth and nail " to reverse the president 's executive actions , enacted in November , to allow roughly 5 million undocumented workers to remain in the U.S. Funding for the Department of Homeland Security runs out at the end of February . Late last year , Republicans would only agree to fund the agency , which needs to carry out the immigration orders , until then because they want to try to force the President to reverse course . The standoff has the risk of shuttering the department , which responds to terrorism , natural disasters and other politically-sensitive matters . Republicans are readying action on this issue soon -- likely in the House in the second week of January . Tax reform : Members have both parties have stressed they want to simplify the tax code , but a major impasse has prevented progress . Republicans oppose measures that could be characterized as a tax hike . Democrats want to expand current tax breaks such as the earned income tax credit and the child tax credit , but some in the GOP argue these are abused by undocumented workers . Democrats also want to close loopholes for corporations , which Republicans oppose . Foreign policy and National Security : Cuba , Iran , Iraq and Syria likely will dominate the agenda . Republicans are vowing to push back on the President 's executive actions to restore diplomatic relations with Cuba but are n't settled on a strategy yet on how to do it . They also oppose his negotiations with Iran over that nation 's nuclear program and may quickly call a vote on a bipartisan bill to increase sanctions on Iran . That could upset the delicate multinational talks that were recently extended . Congress is expected to act early in 2015 on a new use of force authorization against ISIS fighters in Iraq and Syria . That debate will focus on how much latitude to give the White House and whether to restrict the use of ground troops as many Democrats want . IRS/Benghazi : Republican-led investigations will continue into whether the IRS unfairly targeted conservative groups and whether the administration covered up its handling of the Benghazi attacks . Democrats complain both investigations are politically motivated and should be ended . Trade/Infrastructure : Republicans will likely advance trade bills that were opposed by many House and Senate Democrats . New spending for upgrading the nation 's roads and bridges in another area where both parties could cobble together a bipartisan vote . McConnell told CNN in December , "  We have certainly a lot of bipartisan interest in the crumbling infrastructure in the country and what to do about it . "	Republicans are eager to shake off past scandals and seize control of both chambers of Congress Top agenda items for the GOP include : Approving the Keystone XL pipeline expansion and confronting the President House and Senate Republicans will huddle in a rare joint retreat in Hershey , Pennsylvania in mid-January
CNN  -- A lot of folks in Lexington , Kentucky , are hoping for a "  Christmas miracle " for the city 's , and perhaps the world 's , most-arrested man . It 's a dubious honor , for sure , but Henry Earl , 64 , has become a sort of celebrity , especially among students and police in the city of 300,000 . To many , the homeless gent goes by James Brown , after the "  Godfather of Soul , " and can often be found singing and shaking his moneymaker for change to buy his next drink . Hence , the arrests -- which have topped 1,500 , according to The Smoking Gun , which is owned by CNN 's parent company . Earl was scheduled to appear in a Fayette County court Thursday for a probation revocation hearing after being arrested for alcohol intoxication last week , landing him in jail for his third Thanksgiving in five years . He also spent his 64th birthday there in October , The Smoking Gun reported . "  There was a period where we could n't access his arrests . We think he has likely passed 1,600 , but decided to play it safe , " site Editor William Bastone said in an e-mail . The Smoking Gun has become a sort of de facto repository for Earl 's arrest statistics -- the site says he 's logged almost 6,000 collective days in jail , for instance -- and in September 2008 corrected a local television station that aired a report stating Earl had been arrested for the 1,000 th time . Not so , the site reported . Earl had been arrested 1,332 times as of August 31 , 2008 . The station , it turned out , had n't accessed the records before 1992 , omitting 264 arrests in the 1970s and 1980s alone , The Smoking Gun said . Full disclosure : CNN misreported the 1,000 th arrest as well . "  We have literally been following Henry Earl 's arrest history  and collecting his mug shots  for more than a decade . We even devoted a page to him in our last book , " Bastone wrote . "  We have continued to monitor his arrests and the days he has been incarcerated as a result of those collars . " Man about town Lexington police and Fayette County jail officials say they ca n't confirm an exact number because their records go back to only 1992  Earl began his arrest career in 1970  , but Lexington police spokeswoman Sherelle Roberts says Earl has "  definitely " been in handcuffs more than 1,000 times . "  It 's a weekly , if not every-two-or-three-days thing , " she said . "  He 's never doing bad or illegal things purposely . ... He 's just so highly intoxicated that he 's posing a danger to himself . " Almost all of his arrests have been for alcohol intoxication , though there 's the occasional criminal trespass , Roberts said . There have even been times when Earl was released from the Fayette County Jail in the evening , only to return by midnight . One anecdote -- and there are many -- places a fresh-out-of-the-clink Earl in a sandwich shop near the University of Kentucky campus , telling jokes and dancing for change , wrote commenter Douglas Hurt on The Smoking Gun website . "  We walked outside and he said he needed a place to go and looked around like he was looking for someone . Next thing I know is that a cop drives by and Henry says , ` Welp ... here 's my ride ' and grabs someone 's drink and throws it at the cop car , " Hurt wrote . Lately , judges have started handing down harsher sentences , jail spokeswoman Jennifer Taylor said . She said some of Earl 's sentences in recent years have lasted three months . He 's been arrested five times this year , she said . In the past , when his sentences were shorter , it was common for Earl to rack up dozens of arrests in a year , she said . "  Most people on the streets of Lexington know who he is , " Taylor said . A local band , the Dangles , even wrote a song about him a few years back . The chorus goes , "  So tell Henry Earl I wan na be his girl/He 's the sanest guy in town and he can dance just like James Brown/Unlike the other boys around that made me cry . " Glimmers of hope There have been signs that Earl might change his ways . In 2009 , he attended an alcohol-recovery program for about five months before falling off the wagon a few days shy of his graduation , said attorney Stephen Gray McFayden , who represented Earl three times in 2008 and 2009 . Earl was en route to getting an apartment and food stamp benefits , so McFayden was particularly disappointed when Earl snapped his spate of sobriety in April 2009 . "  He was telling me how sorry he was . He was actually in tears , " the lawyer recalled . McFayden took up Earl 's case pro bono after deciding that the town dipsomaniac was an easy target for police officers looking for a quick collar . "  He just gets in the car in his handcuffs and rides , " McFayden said of Earl , adding that when Earl gets in front of a judge , "  He pleads guilty in five minutes . " Earl , who began drinking in his teens when his adoptive mother died , may have a "  fear of being sober , " McFayden said . Several people have tried to help him , including Fayette County District Court Judge Megan Lake Thornton , who allowed him to go to rehab in 2009 even though the statute calls for 90 days in jail . "  She gave us a lot of leeway to work with Henry . A lot of his successes in the past are due to her giving him chances in the first place , " the attorney said . "  Most judges are thoughtful about how wasteful it is to put someone away for 90 days for being drunk . " Despite that Earl lists no one as next of kin in his booking records -- and McFayden said the only family of which he is aware lives in Georgetown , about 13 miles north of Lexington -- Earl once declined an offer to relocate to Pittsburgh so he could get away from the elements that draw him back to drinking . He likes Lexington and does n't want to leave . "  The good thing is , he knows where stuff is . The bad thing is , he knows where stuff is , " McFayden said . Sobriety on horizon ? The attorney is holding out hope for a "  Christmas miracle , " though : seeing Earl kick the booze habit for good . He 's not the only one . Ginny Ramsey , co-founder of Lexington 's Catholic Action Center , said she considers the "  very pleasant " Earl a friend . He occasionally drops by the center for a bed or a bite to eat , but he 's "  pretty independent , " she said . "  You ca n't help but love him , I tell you . ... He 's as honest as the day is long , " she said . "  With Henry Earl , you 're going to hear the truth . " She said Wednesday that she might give Thornton a call and offer to house him at the all-volunteer nonprofit center , where putting a roof over his head will cost $ 2.50 a night rather than the $ 80 a day the jail costs taxpayers . But , she concedes , "  until someone is sick and tired of being sick and tired , it 's not going to work . " The center 's staff was "  within an inch " of getting him on the right path last year , but Earl told her , with a trademark smile on his face , "  I 'm not ready , " she said . Maybe this year , it 'll take . "  I do n't think it 's going to take many more winters , and this one may be the one , " Ramsey said . "  There 's never going to be a time when I 'm not going to find something , even if it 's one of our couches , for Henry Earl . "	Henry Earl will go before a judge Thursday for his latest alcohol-related arrest The local celebrity goes by "  James Brown " because he dances for change for drinks Police estimate they arrest him once a week , if not every two or three days He 's stayed sober for months before ; lawyer hopes sobriety sticks this year
Manchester , New Hampshire  CNN  -- As people head to the polls in New Hampshire , the campaigns will learn whether all the funds used for direct marketing to voters was money well-spent . Mailings , robocalls , phone surveys , doorknob hangers , mass e-mails , texts -- it 's next to impossible to find a registered Republican or independent voter in the Granite State who has n't received several of each . A group of voters in the Manchester area told CNN some left an impression but most wound up in the trash or had no impact on their decision . While every candidate sent out something to voters , the group said one politician in particular went beyond the others . "  With Romney , it 's been almost a case of overkill , " said Karin Page , a registered Republican and small business owner from Webster . "  I do n't understand why if he 's been leading the polls here all along . " Ben LaBrecque received several mailings and phone calls from the Romney campaign . But he seemed more understanding . "  It 's a competition ; I mean you ca n't ease up , " said the Republican from Londonberry . "  If you want to win , you have to go 100 % . I think that 's what Mitt Romney 's doing . So I think that makes sense . " That method did n't have the same effect on Roy Teresky , a registered Republican : "  My take on it is he spends an inordinate amount of time focus-group testing everything he says and sanitizing it to find the exact way to phrase it , " Teresky said . In addition to multiple mailings from the Romney campaign , the vice president of sales and marketing at the Institute for Environmental Education also received several survey calls . "  It made me pay attention to what he 's doing because I feel like everything is calculated . " But James Basbas said he sees it differently . The Republican from Manchester said he thinks it shows that Romney has a team in place that can take him all the way to the White House . "  I think having the political infrastructure to win a campaign is important , especially for a candidate who wants to go up against  President  Barack Obama , " said Basbas , who has lived in the state most of his life and voted in several presidential primaries . "  He 's done a lot of IDing of voters ... so he can understand who he needs to go after and who he needs to target . " Basbas said he has received at least two mailings each week from the Romney campaign for the past few months . The glossy fliers with images of Romney and quotes from people supporting him did n't win over Republican Fred Ashfar . "  I 'm looking for substance , " said the real estate consultant from Manchester . "  Empty promises are not really attractive to me . I 'm looking for people who use straight talk and give promises that they can deliver on after the election . " Ashfar said he did n't get that from the mailings and phone calls . Most of the fliers wound up in his trash bin . One piece of marketing material did have an impact on Karin Page . "  There was one from Romney that I did actually open because it was almost like a booklet . It was interesting because it shows his Granite State supporters and a lot of the names in here are people that I support and like . " Their support for Romney made her take another look at the candidate . But on the same day she received that booklet two other Romney mailings arrived at her house . They landed in the garbage . Romney may have blitzed the state with mailings and phone calls . But Rep. Ron Paul followed closely behind him , according to the voters taking part in the discussion . But most of Paul 's mailings were the opposite of Romney 's glossy postcards . The Texas lawmaker 's campaign often sent out long letters laying out the case for his positions on multiple issues . While Melinde Lutzbyrne 's mailbox was refilled every day , her phone was also ringing often . "  I got a lot of robocalls . I got a lot of surveys , " said Lutzbyrne , an independent voter from Bedford who said she felt the most effective ones came from Paul 's campaign . "  I was impressed with two of them that actually caused me to go to an event in Nashua a few days ago . " She said the robocalls concerned issues about which she cared . She said she had n't really looked at Paul 's positions before these calls . The folks who participated in the conversation unanimously expressed disdain for the calls and mailings that attacked other candidates ' positions . Yet they still received them from the campaigns or organizations supporting them .	Voters in Manchester area say some mailings leave impression but most end up in trash Group interviewed says Mitt Romney outdid all the other candidates in New Hampshire "  With Romney , it 's been almost a case of overkill , " small business owner says Rep. Ron Paul followed closely behind Romney with mailings and phone calls , voters say
CNN  -- Two-time world footballer of the year Ronaldinho has joined Flamengo on a four-year contract , the Brazilian club confirmed on Tuesday . The 30-year-old , whose star has fallen since being named the planet 's best player in 2004 and 2005 while with Spanish club Barcelona , has left Italian league leaders AC Milan with six months left to run on his contract . The fee was not disclosed . The Brazilian forward fell down the pecking order at Milan following the arrival of compatriot Robinho , Sweden striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic and , most recently , Italian bad-boy Antonio Cassano . He has stated that he wants to win back his international place back for when his nation hosts the 2014 World Cup , and initially had been expected to rejoin his hometown club Gremio , with Flamengo and Palmeiras also interested . English Premier League club Blackburn also made an ambitious offer to sign the former Paris Saint Germain player . "  We are pleased to announce the hiring of Ronaldinho for the next four years , " Flamengo president Patricia Amorim told the club 's official website . "  I thank the board for the discretion and wisdom throughout the negotiations . "  This project started from the first day I got the presidency . I thank the legal department to  head coach Wanderley  Luxemburgo and especially the fans of Flamengo . " Milan , who like Flamengo play in red and black colors , confirmed Ronaldinho 's departure after 18 months at the San Siro with a farewell statement on the club 's website . Milan : Ronaldinho returning to Brazil "  The club thanks the player for his excellent performances and wishes him success and satisfaction for the next chapter of his career , " it said . "  Ronaldinho is about to begin a new adventure , continuing to put on the red and black colors , but from now on it 'll be a shirt with horizontal stripes . " The main Brazilian league kicks off again in May , with 2009 champions Flamengo seeking to bounce back after a disappointing 14th-place finish last year . AC Milan have allowed United States defender Oguchi Onyewu to join Dutch champions Twente until the end of this season . The 28-year-old , who has not played for Milan this campaign , reunites with his former Standard Liege coach Michel Preud ` homme . English superstar David Beckham began training with Tottenham on Tuesday , with the English Premier League club still hopeful of resurrecting his loan deal despite apparently calling it off on Sunday . The 35-year-old midfielder 's American club LA Galaxy want him back by February 10 ahead of the new MLS season . "  There is nothing at the moment , but we will see what happens , who knows ? " Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp told Sky Sports . Tottenham 's English rivals unveiled Bosnia striker Edin Dzeko on Tuesday , having completed his reported $ 42 million move from German club Wolfsburg last Friday . "  I decided to come here because I saw something else in Manchester City , " he told reporters , before aiming a dig at the club 's local rivals United . "  It is a big club with big ambition and I am an ambitious player . "  I know this is a big project . Manchester City are a very good team . They have a very good coach . And I have heard a lot about the fans . I have also heard that most of the people from Manchester are Manchester City fans . " German league leaders Borussia Dortmund have retained goalkeeper Roman Weidenfeller after the 30-year-old extended his contract until mid-2014 .	Flamengo announce the signing of former Brazil international Ronaldinho The 30-year-old leaves Italian leaders AC Milan to pen a contract until 2015 He had been courted by hometown club Gremio , Palmeiras and Blackburn LA Galaxy 's David Beckham begins his training stint with English club Tottenham
CNN  -- Their bodies were missing for decades after they disappeared behind enemy lines . Now the remains of two U.S. Army Air Force troops who died during World War II are set to be buried in Arlington National Cemetery next week after search crews found them in the mountains of Papua New Guinea , the U.S. Defense Department POW/Missing Personnel Office said Thursday . The A-20G Havoc bomber in which U.S. Army Air Force 2nd Lt. Valorie L. Pollard and Sgt. Dominick J. Licari were flying crashed after attacking enemy targets on March 13 , 1944 , the Defense Department said . Their remains were recovered when the crash site was excavated last year . More than 400,000 U.S. troops were killed during World War II , and the remains of more than 73,000 were never recovered or identified , the Defense Department says . Papua New Guinea , an island country in the western Pacific , is north of Australia and just south of the equator . Much of the nation is covered in rugged terrain and rain forests .	A search found the remains of two World War II veterans who had been MIA The airmen were found in an excavation in the mountains of Papua New Guinea The bomber they were flying crashed behind enemy lines on March 13 , 1944
Editor 's note : This story is based on interrogation reports that form part of the prosecution case in the forthcoming trial of six Belgian citizens charged with participation in a terrorist group . Versions of those documents were obtained by CNN from the defense attorney of one of those suspects . The statement by Bryant Vinas was compiled from an interview he gave Belgian prosecutors in March 2009 in New York , and was confirmed by U.S. prosecutors as authentic . The statement by Walid Othmani was given to French investigators , and was authenticated by Belgian prosecutors . Vinas is believed to have lived in this Patchogue , New York , house with his father until 2007 . CNN  -- On September 10 , 2007 , almost exactly six years after al Qaeda attacked the United States , Bryant Neal Vinas , a 24-year-old American citizen born in Queens , New York , boarded a flight from the city en route to Lahore , in eastern Pakistan , determined to fight jihad in neighboring Afghanistan . Brought up a Catholic by his Latin American immigrant parents , who divorced when he was young , Vinas tried to join the U.S. Army in 2002 but dropped out after just a few weeks . In 2004 -- for reasons which are still unclear -- he converted to Islam and started frequenting a mosque in Long Island near where he lived with his father . During the next three years he became radicalized , U.S. officials have stated , in no small part because of his exposure to pro-al Qaeda Web sites . It is possible that Vinas was also influenced by people he came across in the New York area . A former U.S. government official told CNN that youths influenced by the ideas of the British pro-al Qaeda extremist group Al Muhajiroun were known to have hung out in the vicinity of the mosque at the same time as Vinas . Read how al Qaeda is changing The former official told CNN that they were a splinter group of the Al Muhajiroun followers who used to hang out in the New York-Long Island area in the late 1990s and early 2000s . Al Muhajiroun 's American members , the former official stated , included Syed Hashmi , a Brooklyn college graduate who traveled to Pakistan in 2003 and now awaits trial on charges of providing material support to the terrorist network . He has pleaded not guilty . Another who belonged to Al Muhajiroun was Mohammed Junaid Babar , a trainee Queens taxi driver , who met two of the July 7 , 2005 , London bombers in Pakistan and who in 2004 pleaded guilty to providing material support to terrorists in Pakistan . Al Muhajiroun was formally disbanded in October 2004 but still operates , CNN has discovered , under a variety of guises . Anjem Choudhary , the former deputy leader of Al Muhajiroun , told CNN Monday that New York was one of the organization 's main hubs before 2004 . He says dozens of followers from the New York area still regularly tune into online sermons put together by the group 's founder Omar Bakri Mohammed in Tripoli , Lebanon , where he has been living since being banned from the UK after the 2005 London bombings . Choudhary stated that he and Bakri were still loosely affiliated with The Islamic Thinkers Society , a New York based organization , which says the peaceful restoration of the Islamic Caliphate is one of its objectives . A March 5 , 2009 , posting on the homepage of its Web site states that Bakri Mohammed is "  a man who has inspired thousands across the world to rise for Islam . " The Islamic Thinkers Society exists legally in the United States and says it is committed solely to the political and intellectual struggle for Islam . When Vinas arrived in Lahore he had little idea about how he was going to gain access to the fighting in Afghanistan , according to his own account . But a few days after he arrived he sought help from a New York friend , whom he knew moved in militant circles . One introduction led to another and eventually Vinas met a jihadist commander about to return to Afghanistan . Identified in legal documents as S.S. , the commander agreed to let him join his group . CNN has learned from a source briefed on the case that the initials S.S. stand for a man who goes by the name of Shah Saab , and is believed to be somewhere in Pakistan 's tribal areas . At the end of September , Vinas was whisked in the commander 's car into Pakistan 's tribal areas and then across the border into Afghanistan to join up with a small band of fighters targeting a U.S. base . The raid , however , was called off at the last minute because of American aircraft circling above . His quick introduction to the fighting appears to have been unusual . Vinas stated it was standard for fighters to undergo military training before being selected for such missions . Read how al Qaeda training tactics are adapting It is possible he persuaded his handlers that his brief stint as a U.S. army recruit justified him being fast-tracked ; or perhaps the jihadist group just needed more fighters . On his return to Mohmand , a district in Pakistan 's tribal areas , Vinas was asked by one of the fighters if he wanted to become a suicide bomber . Vinas , according to his own account , accepted and was sent to Peshawar , Pakistan , for more instruction . But his handlers there judged that he had not received enough religious instruction to launch such an attack . Perhaps it was dawning on them just how valuable an American recruit might one day be . Vinas stated that at this point he traveled back to a village in Waziristan where he spent time with a number of al Qaeda members , including Saudis and Yemenis . In March 2008 he successfully persuaded one of them , a Yemeni he identified as Soufran , to recommend him for formal membership in the terrorist group . Only Soufran 's initials appeared in the legal document but CNN obtained his name from a source briefed on the case . His current whereabouts are unknown . According to Vinas , al Qaeda recruits were asked to fill out forms with personal information and hand over their passports when they joined the organization , but were not required to sign a contract or take part in a ceremony to become a member of al Qaeda . Between March and July 2008 Vinas stated that he attended three al Qaeda training courses , which focused on weapons , explosives , and rocket-based or - propelled weaponry . Vinas stated that when training was completed , al Qaeda instructors did a written evaluation of performances . Vinas was judged qualified to participate in missile attacks against U.S. and NATO bases in Afghanistan , according to his account . During his travels Vinas met some of al Qaeda 's top leaders , leaders he was able to identify to U.S. authorities after his capture . Read how al Qaeda is looking at Western targets According to U.S. investigators , quoted by the Los Angeles Times , Vinas says he met with Abu Yayha al Libi , one of al Qaeda 's principal spokesmen , and Rashid Rauf , the British al Qaeda operative suspected of coordinating a plot against transatlantic aviation in August 2006 . Rauf , who was arrested that August in Pakistan , escaped from custody in December 2007 but is believed to have been killed in a Predator strike in North Waziristan in November 2008 . Vinas says he also met with an individual by the name of Abdullah Saeed , whom he says replaced Abu Leith al Libbi as al Qaeda 's military chief in Afghanistan and Pakistan in January 2008 . A former Jihadist told CNN that Saeed is almost certainly Mustafa Abu Al-Yazid , an Egyptian also known as Sheikh Saeed . In June , Al-Yazid released an audio recording complaining of a lack of funds for the fighting in Afghanistan . Vinas stated he met with Saeed in the late summer of 2008 in Waziristan , and al Qaeda 's military chief personally instructed him to join a group of fighters targeting U.S. bases from the tribal areas of Pakistan . In January this year Vinas pleaded guilty to having targeted an American base in September of that year . That attack , however , appears to have been a failure . Creeping up towards the American forward operating base Vinas and other al Qaeda fighters ' first attempt to fire on the base was botched by radio problems . The second rocket attack fell short of the base , according to Vinas ' account . Vinas ' life as an al Qaeda fighter saw him rotate between fighting behind enemy lines in Afghanistan , training in remote mountain dwellings in the tribal areas , and spending downtime in Peshawar , the capital of Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province , where he was eventually arrested in November 2008 and transferred into American custody .	Army dropout Bryant Neal Vinas says he went to Pakistan to join al Qaeda He claims he was inducted into the group and authorized to attack U.S. troops During his travels Vinas says he met some of al Qaeda 's top leaders
CNN  -- The magnitude-8 .8 earthquake that rocked the west coast of Chile last month was violent enough to move the city of Concepcion at least 10 feet to the west and the capital , Santiago , about 11 inches to the west-southwest , researchers said . The quake also shifted other parts of South America , as far apart as the Falkland Islands and Fortaleza , Brazil . The results were reached via global positioning satellite measurements taken before and after the February 27 quake by teams from The Ohio State University , the University of Hawaii , the University of Memphis and the California Institute of Technology , as well as agencies across South America . NASA scientists have also credited the quake with shifting the Earth 's axis enough to create shorter days . The change is negligible , but still worth noting : Each day should be 1.26 microseconds shorter , according to preliminary calculations . A microsecond is one-millionth of a second . A large quake -- like the one that hit Chile 's Maule region -- shifts massive amounts of rock and alters the distribution of mass on the planet . When that distribution changes , it changes the rate at which the planet rotates . And the rotation rate determines the length of a day . "  Any worldly event that involves the movement of mass affects the Earth 's rotation , " Benjamin Fong Chao , of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland , said while explaining the phenomenon in 2005 . Despite the tragedy of the earthquake , which killed hundreds of Chileans , scientists see opportunities to gain valuable information in the aftermath . "  The Maule earthquake will arguably become one of the , if not the most important , great earthquakes yet studied , " said Ben Brooks of the School of Ocean and Earth Science and Technology at the University of Hawaii . "  We now have modern , precise instruments to evaluate this event . "	Earthquake also shifted other parts of South America Scientists have credited the quake with shifting the Earth 's axis Despite deaths , experts see opportunities to gain valuable information in the aftermath
CNN  -- Vahram Muratyan 's personal tale of two cities began with a serious case of the travel bug . Born in Paris , he started flying to New York with his family as a child -- the frequent trans-Atlantic trips made possible in part by his mother 's job at the now-defunct airline TWA . "  I think I grew up with an obsession with the city , " Muratyan said , vowing to one day move to the Big Apple . The graphic designer finally came to live in New York for three months in fall 2010 and found himself doing lots of people watching , sketching and thinking of home . "  The idea of comparing the differences between the two cities came because I was starting to miss Paris , " Muratyan said . "  I was trying to understand why and what actually was missing from each city that was in the other city . " The result is "  Paris versus New York : A Tally of Two Cities , " a whimsical little book of illustrations that first gained a following on Muratyan 's blog and that pair everything from a croque-monsieur and a hot dog to cancan and Lady Gaga . The artist , who now spends time in both cities and calls the illustrations a friendly visual match between the two , recently spoke with CNN from his home in Paris . The following is an edited version of that interview . CNN : What was your first impression of New York ? Muratyan : The first thing I remember from the United States and New York is the amount of snow , because I was there during wintertime . We do n't have that here -- we do n't have 1 meter of snow in the city , we have 1 meter in the Alps when you go skiing . It always melts right away in Paris . I came back alone when I was 17 to celebrate the end of high school ; I got the trip as a gift to go in the summertime . What struck me was New York 's perspective : You are on the street and you ca n't see the end and it 's just striking when you see the amount of buildings . Another strong memory : I used to have my own way of orienting myself in the city because I could n't understand how it worked -- the avenues and the streets . I always got my bearings from the World Trade Center and when I came back in 2003 after 9/11 , it was n't there anymore , of course , and I was really lost . CNN : A lot of people are overwhelmed by New York . Did you ever feel that way ? Muratyan : No , I feel really like I 'm at home . I 'm not overwhelmed by the urban jungle . CNN : What do you miss about each city when you 're in the other metropolis ? Muratyan : In New York , I used to miss my bike . But now I can even have a bike there , so it 's becoming more European than ever . I used to miss baguette bread and now it 's OK . I can find something much closer to Paris baguettes . And there 's a big variety of bread there , so I do n't care . In Paris , I miss the way people can talk to each other just for even five minutes in the street like in New York . People are more easygoing . It 's something that is missing in Paris , in a way . Five lessons learned from living in Paris CNN : Both cities have a reputation , deserved or not , that its residents are rude . What 's your take on that ? Muratyan : It 's a superficial way of looking at the cities when you are there for four or five days . When you get to know the people better , you find they are absolutely exquisite . But you have to be patient -- more patient in Paris . Many people have that first reaction in the tourist places . I think it 's because they 're overcrowded and the waiters are n't patient any more . The best way is to move away a bit and to have a distance from that . CNN : Both cities are known for fashion . What are your observations on that ? Muratyan : In Paris , it 's much more minimal and when you are wearing something  unusual  people are like , who do you think you are ? In New York , people give you compliments about it . I see ladies who keep looking at each other and they 're not looking  to spot something  wrong , they 're complimenting each other -- oh , I love your dress . It 's something that 's not often the case in Paris . The joys of slowly savoring Paris CNN : What 's your favorite illustration in the book ? Muratyan : CDG-JFK .  Image No. 6 in the gallery . I love airports because you are not gone , you are not home , you are in between . That illustration is all about traveling and not knowing where a plane is going when you 're looking at its trail in the sky . CNN : What 's your favorite meal in Paris ? Muratyan : I love everything from a brasserie . Good brasserie food would include steak tartare , boeuf bourguignonne , bouillabaisse . CNN : What 's your favorite meal in New York ? Muratyan : Burgers . It 's really very clichÃ © , but I ca n't help it .	Graphic designer Vahram Muratyan pays tribute to the two cities through illustrations The whimsical drawings pair distinctly Paris things with their New York counterparts "  I grew up with an obsession " with New York , the Paris-born artists says He calls the illustrations a friendly visual match between the two cities
CNN  -- I love being reminded I 'm totally unnecessary . On Thursday , I hosted tried to host a live video chat with Andrew Derocher , a polar bear researcher and professor at the University of Alberta . The goal was to answer a few of the many , many questions readers asked about my story this week on a plan to air-drop food on struggling polar bears in the Arctic . A few minutes into the chat on Spreecast , however , my Wi-Fi connection dropped out and I disappeared from the screen , leaving Derocher to fend for himself . He 's a rock star -- so of course he barely missed a beat . "  I can see myself here on air , but I ca n't see John right now , " the scientist said , calm , cool and collected . "  I guess if people type in questions we can continue on . " I popped back on screen soon , but it would n't have mattered one way or the other . Derocher did a great job tackling a range of questions about his polar bear plans , which he outlined in a recent paper for the journal Conservation Letters . The most interesting question was along these lines : Since the polar bear 's sea-ice habitat is melting , why do n't we just engineer a habitat for them ? Some of you suggested a series of plastic islands that would help polar bears reach seals  their food  out in the middle of the ocean . Others suggested recycling plastics for this purpose . "  The issue of creating some sort of platform in the Arctic is an interesting sort of idea , " Derocher said on video from Canada  which , apparently , has better Internet connections than our offices in New York  . "  The challenge is really one of scale . When you look at the size of a polar bear 's home range -- the size they wander over in a year -- you 're basically talking  about  an area that 's two-thirds the size of Texas . So these are huge areas . And if you go around the circumpolar Arctic , there 's so much habitat that would have to be put in place that it 's basically untenable in terms of a spacial scale . " The other issue : Plastic does n't support life the way ice does . "  You have to think about sea ice more akin to soil in a terrestrial ecosystem , " he said . He topped off the explanation with a stellar analogy : "  It 's like trying to grow a forest in a bunch of Styrofoam chips . " So , the bottom line on that : No sea ice , no polar bears . You can watch the whole Spreecast here  sorry for the train wreck of technical issues at the beginning of the video  . My other favorite thread of conversation on this topic concerned the value of a polar bear life versus a human life . Some of you asked why we would consider air-lifting polar bear food to the Arctic when there are so many poor and starving people on our planet today . "  We 're going to have a lot more poor and starving people if we do n't deal with the climate change issue in a realistic fashion , " Derocher said . "  Polar bears are telling us we 're living too heavily on this planet and we 're extracting too many resources and putting our waste into the atmosphere . ... I view the problems the polar bears are going to be facing largely as a precursor to the sorts of problems that humans are going to be facing . " If you 've got more questions , keep 'em coming . I 'll do my best to find a stable enough Internet connection -- and an answer . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	John Sutter : A researcher and I hosted a live chat about how we can save polar bears Sutter : Some of the readers asked about creating plastic islands to replace melting ice The scientist said "  It 's like trying to grow a forest in a bunch of Styrofoam chips " Sutter : A recent paper suggests we may need to air-drop food on struggling bears
CNN  -- Arsenal means business . A fortnight ago the critics were wondering if the Gunners could last the pace -- now that doubt looks to have been quashed -- and in some style . A 1-0 win over last year 's Champions League finalist Borussia Dortmund proved Arsenal can mix it with Europe 's elite when it really matters . Having lost the home fixture against the German side in north London two weeks ago , victory was essential for Arsenal to keep hold of its own destiny . And it duly obliged thanks to Aaron Ramsey 's second half winner -- his 11th goal in 16 games -- not bad for a player who had only mustered five in 91 apperances for the club over the past two years . "  I was impressed mostly by our focus because we were under consistent pressure from the first to the last minute , " Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger told Sky Sports . "  Nevertheless , we created chances and we could have scored a second . "  A year ago , I thought it would be difficult for Ramsey to score goals but he 's developed tremendously and that 's a huge credit to him . " Ramsey has enjoyed a stunning season -- taking the English Premier League by storm . The Wales international has been a revelation at the heart of the Arsenal midfield and his latest strike secured one of the club 's most impressive European victories of modern times . Arsenal arrived in Germany to face a Dortmund side which had made its most successful start to a league season since 2010/11 . Having won all eight of its home games this season , including the victory in the German Super Cup , Dortmund roared out the traps at their traditional breakneck speed . But despite dominating possession , the German side failed to find the breakthrough . Armenia international Henrikh Mkhitaryan should have done better in the first half after being played through on goal but his effort sailed wide of the post . Dortmund pushed forward again after the interval but it was Arsenal which struck the killer blow with 62 minutes on the clock . Mesut Ozil swung the ball into the penalty area and after Olivier Giroud had managed to flick the ball on , Ramsey stole in to nod home from close range . Dortmund huffed and puffed as they searched for an equalizer but only a superb save by Roman Weidenfeller denied Ramsey a second as Arsenal broke at speed . Per Mertesacker sent a header just over the crossbar as the visiting side looked to double its advantage . And although Dortmund pushed forward late on , it was unable to find the equalizer it so badly craved . "  We dominated , we worked , we had good runs and we did a lot of things right . We played good football and it was not boring , " said Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp . "  But we lacked the finish . We should have done more from our possession . " Dortmund now faces a fierce fight to qualify for the next stage after Napoli recorded a 3-2 win over Marseille . The Italian side sits second , three points clear of Dortmund , with the two teams scheduled to meet in Germany on November 26 . Gonzalo Higuain scored twice and Gokhan Inler was also on target for Napoli , which is level on nine points with Arsenal . Elsewhere , Lionel Messi ended his goal drought with a double in Barcelona 's 3-1 win over Milan . The victory books Barcelona 's place in the last 16 with two games to spare . Messi fired home the opener from the penalty spot before Sergio Busquets headed a second . Milan , which sits second in the group , did pull a goal back when Barca defender Gerard Pique inadvertently diverted Kaka 's cross into his own net . But Messi sealed the win seven minutes from time with a classy finish to ensure Barca 's place in the knockout phase for the 10th year in a row . Ajax is still in the mix in Group H following a 1-0 win over Scottish champion Celtic in Amsterdam . Lasse Schone scored the only goal of the game for the Dutch side , which has taken four points from four games -- one fewer than Milan . Chelsea looks in good shape to qualify from Group E following a 3-0 win over German side Schalke . Samuel Eto'o scored twice and Demba Ba was also on target as Chelsea bounced back from its weekend defeat in the Premier League at Newcastle . "  I think it was good response but of course the first 15 minutes were difficult , " Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho told Sky . "  We were a team without big maturity and stability after the defeat on Sunday . After that we played very well and kept possession in a comfortable way and after the first goal we played well . " Swiss side Basel is still in contention to qualify after it stole a late equalizer to draw 1-1 with Steaua Bucharest . Basel is in third place but just one point behind Schalke with two games remaining . In Group G , Atletico Madrid qualified for the next stage with a comfortable 4-0 win over Austria Vienna . Miranda gave Atletico an early lead before strikes from Raul Garcia and Filipe Luis sent the home side into the break with a three-goal cushion . Diego Costa added a fourth after the interval as Atletico equalled Bayern Munich 's feat of qualifying for the last-16 with four consecutive victories . Zenit St. Petersburg sits second in the table following its 1-1 draw against Porto in the day 's early game .	Arsenal claims victory at Borussia Dortmund with Aaron Ramsey goal Messi inspires Barcelona to qualification Atletico Madrid cruises through to next stage Chelsea thrashes Schalke 3-0 at Stamford Bridge
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A missile shield test was a "  smashing success , " Pentagon officials said Friday , despite the failure of the test to put to rest concerns that the interceptor might not be able to differentiate between real missiles and decoys . Eight of the United States ' 13 missile defense tests have been deemed a success . The ground-based interceptor missile , launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California , destroyed a long-range ballistic missile launched from Kodiak , Alaska , the Defense Department 's Missile Defense Agency said . But one key aspect of the test -- to see whether the system could tell the difference between a missile and a decoy aimed at confounding its "  seek " systems -- failed because the decoy did not deploy . Officials told CNN on Thursday that Friday 's test would be the most realistic of 13 missile shield system tests conducted to date . Eight of the 13 tests have now been deemed a success by the Pentagon . Watch a Pentagon spokesman explain the Friday 's problem " This was the first test in which a crew at an alternate fire control center in Alaska remotely launched the interceptor missile from California . The "  initial indications , " according to the Defense Department , are that all components of Friday 's test performed as designed . Critics have long complained that the tests are not realistic because they do n't involve balloons or other simple decoys that , they argue , could easily fool the interceptor . Watch a report on the defense system " In Friday 's test , however , the target was a mock warhead and was supposed to be accompanied by "  countermeasures similar to what Iran or North Korea could deploy , " according to a missile defense agency official . The intention was for the interceptor 's kill vehicle to distinguish the target from the decoys . But the decoy that was supposed to deploy to test the system did not . The Pentagon blamed a 40-year-old target system . "  Countermeasures are very difficult to deploy . We have had trouble deploying them in the past , " said Lt. Gen. Patrick J. O'Reilly , director for the Missile Defense Agency . But O'Reilly said that the interceptor did differentiate between the actual missile target and the upper stage of the missile it had detached from . The test , which had been delayed several times , comes at a crucial time for the $ 100 billion system , as President-elect Barack Obama is about to take office . Early in his campaign , Obama pledged to "  cut investments in unproven missile defense systems . " But he later said he would support missile defense systems if they work . "  The biggest threat to the United States is a terrorist getting their hands on nuclear weapons , " Obama said in the September 26 presidential debate . "  And we are spending billions of dollars on missile defense . And I actually believe that we need missile defense , because of Iran and North Korea and the potential for them to obtain or to launch nuclear weapons . " Friday 's test also showed the Pentagon that multiple sensor systems were able to network together and hone in on a single object , O'Reilly said . "  All those sensors working together , at any one time the system knew which sensor was reporting what and tracking it and gave the war fighter one presentation of a target , " O'Reilly said soon after the test was finished . "  That was one tremendous accomplishment for us . " Last month , the outgoing head of the Missile Defense Agency said that not only are U.S. missile defenses workable , they are up and running . "  Our testing has shown not only can we hit a bullet with a bullet , we can hit a spot on the bullet with a bullet . The technology has caught up , " Lt. Gen. Trey Obering said . CNN 's Jamie McIntyre and Adam Levine contributed to this report	NEW : "  Countermeasures " failed to deploy during test Missile launched from Alaska ; interceptor launched from California Shield critics have long complained previous tests did n't involve decoys President-elect Obama has said he 'll support missile defense systems if they work
A huge chunk of Europe 's male population is salivating at the imminent arrival of Euro 2012 -- a month long festival of football between the continent 's best soccer sides . But the tournament , arguably second only to the World Cup in scale and prestige , is proving equally popular with the fairer sex , according to new research . For Germany and Italy , two perennial heavyweights in the four-yearly competition , women make up nearly half of the huge support they attract . This is a far greater figure than England , whose domestic Premier League is one of the world 's most popular competitions , where the national team 's supporter profile contains around 33 % females . Pedro Pinto 's Euro 2012 predictions Danny Townsend , from firm Repucom who conducted the survey , says the Premier League has attracted more female fans to the game in recent years , but has a way to go to match its continental rivals . "  In Germany in particular , the national association has been ahead of the game for some time in this sense , " he told CNN . "  Cultural differences also come into play to a degree , but you only have to look at the profile of women 's football in Germany compared to the UK for an example of the work that has been done . "  Ultimately , it 's a major goal for all clubs and organizations to engage more female fans . In most European markets , male interest in football is so incredibly high it is close to reaching a ceiling . "  However the potential for growing female interest is huge -- and , at the end of the day , it equates to more people playing the game and more people investing in the game . " Racism , rather than Ronadlo and Ribery , dominates Euro 2012 storylines Germany 's burgeoning female football fan population contributes to their position at the top of Repucom 's table , with 62 % of its country 's people supporting the national team and 44 % of that figure made up of women . Italy are second on the list in terms of well supported nations with 61 % of their population willing the Azzuri onto victory -- and just like Germany , 44 % of that figure consists of females . Spain , the current European and world champions , can begin their defense in Poland and Ukraine safe in the knowledge that half of their countrymen and women will be dedicated to the cause . But while England can rely on the backing of 15.6 million supporters when Euro 2012 kicks off , that figure only translates to 44 % of the adult population . Perhaps for a team that has only won one major title -- the 1966 World Cup -- that is not surprising . Yet France , who took both the 1998 World Cup and the European Championships in 2000 , are bottom of the fan mini-league , with only 38 % of their nation counting themselves as fans of the national team . According to Townsend , England 's poor performances on the pitch in recent years have translated to a drop in fervent fans off it . "  I think if we were to look back over the past 20 years or so , you would expect to find that England 's domestic supporter base would rival that of Germany or Italy in terms of the percentage of the population who back the team , " he said . "  But what is undeniable is that the past couple of years have been very difficult for England on and off the pitch . Naturally , that impacts on the brand even although in aspects such as replica shirt sales , England is still way ahead of its competitors . "  Bringing back the feel-good factor and the pride in the national team has to be considered a major element of manager Roy Hodgson 's remit in Poland and Ukraine over the coming weeks . "	New study of soccer fans shows female supporters on rise in Italy and Germany Germany will have the biggest backing of big five European nations with 62 % of population Of that 62 % female fans make up nearly half , with Italy attracting similar numbers England can rely on 15.6 million fans but figure only translates to 44 % of population
CNN  -- The offices of SPARK , a nationwide coalition of girls-only programs , were abuzz Monday as news spread about Augusta National 's decision to allow female members for the first time in its 80-year history . "  Shock " was a common sentiment , the organization 's executive director said , not because the famed Augusta , Georgia , club finally decided to open its doors to another gender , but because they had n't done so until now . "  The girls honestly were pretty surprised that Augusta had been discriminating against women like this , " said Dana Edell , referring to the teenagers that comprise much of SPARK 's staff . "  They are horrified that  the club  could legally and blatantly  exclude women  . " Augusta National Golf Club admits first female members Most of these girls were in elementary school when women 's rights activist Martha Burk first ratcheted up public pressure on what was then probably America 's best known men 's - only club . Yet the majority of those women 's rights activists responding to Monday 's news were well aware of Augusta National 's history and that of the decade-long fight to force it to reverse its policy , not to mention the even longer campaign for gender equality . For them , hearing former U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and South Carolina businesswoman Darla Moore can now hang out in Augusta 's clubhouse with corporate and other leaders from around the Southeast and nation was cause for celebration . Burk admitted that her first reaction , upon hearing of Augusta National chairman Billy Payne 's statement , was "  we won -- and we did . " Augusta National admits one of the ` toughest ' women in business "  By we , I mean the women 's movement and women in the United States , particularly those in business , " she said . But Burk , the co-founder of the Center for Advancement of Public Policy , also admitted feeling personally vindicated . She recalled receiving death threats after she began challenging Augusta National 's membership policies in 2002 , hoping to give more female leaders an "  in " in one of the most exclusive clubs . "  It was n't a lack of worthy women " that prevented women from being part of the club , said Gloria Feldt , an activist and author who calls herself a friend of Burk 's . "  It was really about keeping an old , now outdated power structure in place . " Many women who had a rooting interest in the fight , albeit not on the frontlines like Burk , cheered Monday 's announcement . They included Billie Jean King , the tennis player known by some as much for her Battle of the Sexes matches with Bobby Riggs as her 39 Grand Slam singles and doubles titles . Membership is latest honor for trailblazer Rice "  Slowly but surely lots of crumbs  add  up to a cake , " she said , on Twitter , of how the announcement was a milestone in women 's quest for equality . Others used social media to add a dose of perspective , and humor . Sports Illustrated columnist Steve Rushin was one of a few who suggested that "  the ladies ' club championship at Augusta " -- featuring Rice , Moore and no one else -- "  should be a doozy . " Then there was satirist Andy Borowitz , who offered a reality check along with his characteristic sarcasm . "  Totally stoked about Augusta National 's diversity now that it 's .6 % female , " he wrote on Twitter . Women 's rights advocates readily admitted the fact the club hosting the prestigious Masters golf tournament let two women in does n't mean their effort to achieve gender equality is over , or that even a fraction of women will ever join Rice and Moore at Augusta . That 's especially true when it comes to the makeup of corporate America 's leadership , said Feldt , a former president of Planned Parenthood . "  It 's a long road ahead because women remain in less than 20 % of the top leadership positions across all sectors of business , " she said . Still , Edell -- from SPARK , which bills itself as a "  girls-fueled activist movement " -- said she feels more optimistic today about opportunities for her young team members and others girls like them than she did before Augusta National 's announcement . "  This just gives them optimism and hope that the world is changing , " Edell said . "  And hopefully , for the next generation , it will be totally unacceptable and intolerable and unprofitable for clubs like that to exclude girls . " Augusta National no longer just a ` boys club '	Augusta National announces it has admitted women for the first time An activist who pushed for the change says she feels like "  we won " Some online highlight the fact that the club is still overwhelmingly male The head of a "  girl-fueled activist movement " says the decision gives girls hope
CNN  -- After a seven-week lull following the botched execution of an Oklahoma man , executions resumed in the United States this week with three men put to death over 24 hours -- one in Missouri , one in Georgia and one in Florida . Three more are scheduled to die by lethal injection in the next five weeks , and more than 3,000 men and women await execution in the 32 states where it 's currently legal and in three others where it 's no longer used for new crimes but still on the books for existing convictions . But major legal and technical considerations will continue to surround the issue for the foreseeable future . Here 's an update on the most important issues : Oklahoma 's death penalty remains on hold while investigators look into the death of Clayton Lockett The convicted murderer 's gruesome death in April brought fresh attention to the death penalty debate , for a rare presidential comment on the issue and a Justice Department review of state death penalty practices . Lockett , who was convicted in the 1999 death of an Oklahoma woman who was buried alive after being raped and shot , died on April 29 of an apparent heart attack after the vein that was to have carried fatal doses of three drugs into his body collapsed . It took 43 minutes for him to die , according to a timeline provided by Oklahoma officials . While state officials said Lockett remained unconscious the entire time , a media witness for KFOR said he uttered the words , "  Man , " "  I 'm not , " and "  something 's wrong , " before blinds to the execution chamber were closed . His lawyer , Dean Sanderford , said the inmate 's body twitched and convulsed before he died . The state Department of Public Safety , acting on orders from Gov. Mary Fallin to get to the bottom of what happened , is investigating whether prison officials followed protocols . The review is also supposed to include recommendations about how to prevent something similar from happening again . Capt. George Brown , a Department of Public Safety spokesman , said investigators continue to interview people while awaiting the autopsy report into Lockett 's death . The governor has made clear that the state wo n't carry out any more executions until the review is complete , Fallin spokesman Alex Weintz said . "  It will get done when it gets done , but at the same time , there 's no reason it would take until November , " he said this week . Oklahoma 's botched lethal injection marks new front in battle over executions We 'll have more debate over the drugs used to carry out lethal injections , and where they come from One of the big problems with executions lately involves the drugs used . After many manufacturers stopped producing drugs suitable for executions or blocked their use in capital punishment , states have had to turn to new drugs and new sources . Lockett 's execution , for instance , used an anesthetic called midazolam , which has been used in only a few executions . Some experts say it may not put inmates under as completely as other drugs that have been used in executions , such as sodium thiopental or pentobarbital . That 's a particular problem in multidrug executions , as experts say the second and third drugs frequently administered can cause pain while paralyzing a potentially still-conscious inmate , said Richard Dieter of the Death Penalty Information Center When Georgia put a man to death late Tuesday , executioners reportedly used pentobarbital , a powerful barbiturate that 's frequently used to euthanize animals . And while that execution went off without complication , Dieter said it does n't mean we 're likely to see a rush toward a single-drug execution protocol called for in a recent report by the Constitution Project . That 's because there are problems with all of the drugs used in single-drug executions . Sodium thiopental is n't available anymore , and it appears that states can get pentobarbital only from controversial compounding pharmacies , which are n't federally regulated , raising questions about quality and potency . We do n't exactly know where states like Georgia are getting the drug because they 've passed secrecy laws shielding their sources , raising concerns among death penalty opponents that the drugs could be poorly made and cause inmates pain and suffering during their executions . The secrecy laws have also made it tough on defense lawyers trying to argue that lethal injection causes a painful death . Courts have ruled that condemned inmates do n't have a right to know what drugs will be used to kill them , said Fordham University law professor Deborah Denno , who has extensively studied the lethal injection debate . "  Departments of correction are becoming so secretive that lawyers ca n't get enough information to litigate a case , " she said . "  It 's a Catch-22 . " Death penalty fast facts Still , some analysts say other factors will probably continue to slow use of the death penalty Many polls show declining support among Americans for the death penalty . In February , the Pew Research Center , for instance , said the number of respondents who said they strongly favored the death penalty fell was 18 % , down 10 percentage points from two years before . A number of states have stopped using capital punishment , including Illinois , which abolished it in 2011 . Connecticut , Maryland and New Mexico are no longer handing out death sentences , but existing sentences may be carried out . In other states , such as Oregon , Washington and Colorado , the law is still on the books but governors have declared a moratorium on its use , according to the Death Penalty Information Center . Death penalty in the United States gradually declining And then there 's the not-so-subtle pressure from U.S. allies in Europe , where the death penalty is n't used . They 've raised the issue as a black mark on the U.S. human rights scorecard . While such pressure has n't made a huge difference , it could be on the mind of President Barack Obama , who after Lockett 's death ordered the Justice Department to add a review of state execution protocols to its existing study of the federal death penalty , which also is on hold . In May , Obama reminded reporters that he had previously said some crimes -- mass killings and the murders of children -- may warrant the death penalty . "  But I 've also said that in the application of the death penalty in this country , we have seen significant problems -- racial bias , uneven application of the death penalty , situations in which there were individuals on death row who later on were discovered to have been innocent because of exculpatory evidence , " Obama said . "  And all these I think do raise significant questions about how the death penalty is being applied . And this situation in Oklahoma I think just highlights some of the significant problems there . " It 's not clear there 's much Obama or the Justice Department could do to limit how states approach lethal injection , an issue the Supreme Court has addressed just once -- in 2008 -- and which courts seem hesitant to reopen , according to Denno . Some states have taken on the issue themselves . Tennessee , for instance , said it will just electrocute inmates if it ca n't get the drugs it needs for lethal injection . But a sitting president 's involvement in the issue , along with whatever comes out of the Justice Department review , could set the table for new court battles and a more intense debate over the uncertain future of the death penalty , Dieter said . That 's especially true , he said , if another state struggles to put an inmate to death . A sea change , he said , "  could be just one more problematic execution away . " Florida man put to death in 3rd U.S. execution in 24 hours Georgia execution is first since botched Oklahoma procedure Opinion : Can you be pro-life and pro-death penalty ?	Questions raised by botched Oklahoma lethal injection remain unanswered Seven weeks after that death , Oklahoma is still investigating what happened , officials say A big issue involves the drugs used in executions , and where states are getting them Policy shift "  could be just one more problematic execution away , " expert says
CNN  -- A bail hearing for a man arrested in connection with homicide allegations against former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez was postponed Tuesday . In a brief court proceeding in Attleboro , Massachusetts , the bail hearing for Carlos Ortiz was continued to August 14 . Ortiz was arrested in Connecticut on a Massachusetts firearms charge June 26 , the same day Hernandez was arrested on suspicion of killing Odin Lloyd , 27 . Hernandez has been charged with premeditated murder . He has pleaded not guilty . Judge orders Hernandez case evidence documents to be released Authorities have said Hernandez , 23 , Ortiz and another man picked Lloyd up from his Boston apartment early on June 17 . Surveillance cameras captured the car at an industrial park near Hernandez 's North Attleborough home . Lloyd 's body was found in the industrial park later that day , authorities have said . The Patriots released Hernandez after the arrest . In Tuesday 's proceeding , the court ordered that records in connection with Ortiz 's case remain sealed . A law enforcement source told CNN earlier that Ortiz was cooperating with investigators . The source declined to elaborate .	Carlos Ortiz 's bail hearing is moved to August 14 Police say Ortiz , arrested on firearms charge , is an associate of ex-NFLer Aaron Hernandez Hernandez is charged with murder in death of Odin Lloyd in Massachusetts Authorities : Ortiz was in car with Hernandez , Lloyd before Lloyd was killed
CNN  -- Despite a miracle shot to join a four-man playoff , Rory McIlroy ultimately was left to rue his failure to negotiate the notorious Bear Trap at PGA National as Russell Henley claimed the Honda Classic title Sunday . Looking to lead from start to finish , McIlroy endured a wayward final round 74 but after brilliantly scrambling a par three on the 15th still held the lead at 10-under-par . An ugly double bogey at the 16th after he found the water and a bogey four on the par-3 17th then all but ended his chances . The former world number one appeared to need an eagle three on the par-5 to rekindle his victory hopes and from 245 yards hit an approach of laser-like accuracy over the water and to within 10 feet of the flag . Playing partner Henley fluffed his chance to make a birdie four to get to nine under and McIlroy saw his eagle putt slide agonizingly wide . It left the pair tied at eight-under 272 with earlier finishers Russel Knox of Scotland and American Ryan Palmer , who had missed a short par putt on the 18th , which would have given him outright victory . Four-man playoff Playing the 18th again as the first extra hole , McIlroy attempted to repeat his earlier approach shot but his effort went long and into the back bunker . He failed to get down in two shots and with Knox and Palmer also having to settle for par fives , it left Henley a short putt to seal his second PGA Tour victory with a birdie four . McIlroy , searching for his first win of the year after near misses in Abu Dhabi and Dubai , held a two-shot lead over Henley after starting the day on 12-under . Wayward play saw shots dribble away before he hit the three-hole Bear Trap from 15th to the 17th , designed by golf legend Jack Nicklaus . Henley , who had chipped in to join McIlroy at 10-under on the 14th , made a hash of the short 15th himself , finding the water with his tee shot to make a double bogey . But he kept his nerve the better in the final analysis to land the $ 6 million PGA Tour event . "  I was fortunate that I was in the playoff , " McIlroy said . "  I did n't play well enough at all down the stretch to win this tournament . " "  It 's going to take a long time for this to sink in , " admitted Henley . Woods injury scare Earlier , world number one Tiger Woods was forced to withdraw during the final round with a back injury . Woods , who has endured a difficult start to the year , shot a third round 65 , but was five-over through 13 holes when he left the course . Woods is scheduled to begin his defense of the WGC Cadillac Championship Thursday and it is only six weeks to the first major of the season at Augusta . A statement released by Woods said that his back had spasmed while warming up Sunday , similar to the problem he suffered at The Barclays last year , but was still able to finish runner-up .	Russell Henley wins four-man playoff for Honda Classic Birdies first extra hole at PGA National in Florida Rory McIlroy sees chances disappear on ` Bear Trap ' Tiger Woods forced to withdraw with a back problem
CNN  -- Larry Speakes , who served as the acting White House press secretary under President Ronald Reagan , died Friday morning at his home in Cleveland , Mississippi , following a lengthy illness , the Bolivar County coroner said . He was 74 , coroner Nate Brown said . Speakes took over the duties as acting White House press secretary after James Brady , the press secretary , was shot during an assassination attempt on Reagan on March 30,1981 . He chronicled his experience in the 1987 book "  Speaking Out : The Reagan Presidency from Inside the White House . " Speakes was born in Cleveland , Mississippi , on September 13 , 1939 , according to Current Biography . He graduated from the University of Mississippi in 1961 , and then went to work for the Oxford Eagle newspaper , according to the biography . In 1968 , he was hired as press secretary to Sen. James Eastland , the then-chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee . Speakes went to work in the Nixon White House in May 1974 , where he was eventually assigned as press secretary for the special counsel to President Richard Nixon during the Watergate hearings , according to the biography . Brady hired Speakes as his deputy press secretary in 1981 . Just two months into the job , Speakes was named acting press secretary after Brady was shot by John Hinckley Jr. . He served in the role until 1987 . Speakes is survived by a daughter and two sons , Brown said . People we 've lost in 2014	Larry Speakes , 74 , was the White House spokesman under Reagan from 1981 to 1987 Speakes was named acting press secretary after James Brady was shot Speakes died at his Cleveland , Mississippi , home following a lengthy illness , the coroner says Speakes is survived by a daughter and two sons
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- Hundreds of people fled a pro-Alassane Ouattara neighborhood in Abidjan , Ivory Coast , where forces loyal to incumbent President Laurent Gbabgbo have been fighting an armed Ouattara supporters for the past week . Ggagbo 's Army spokesman also said their forces fought armed supporters of Ouattara Thursday night in Yamoussoukro where two insurgents were killed and several wounded . Violence sharply escalated over the last week in Ivory Coast 's commercial capital Abidjan and spread to the political capital Yamoussoukro as well as the west of the country , putting more refugees and displaced people on the roads . The government imposed a curfew from Friday to Monday morning . The violence rose sharply mid-week after a mission of four African heads of state , mandated by the African Union to find a "  binding solution " to the Ivorian post electoral crisis , left Abidjan . Emanuel Djaman , a teacher in Abidjan , said he saw several bodies lying on the ground when he was leaving his school after it was shut down because of the fighting . Other witnesses fleeing the area reported heavy fighting and casualties . The conflict was set off in November after a run-off presidential election between incumbent Laurent Gbagbo and challenger Alassane Ouattara -- an election in which both men claimed victory . An independent electoral commission declared Ouattara the winner of the election , but Gbagbo has refused to step aside . Ouattara is holed up in the Golf hotel in Abidjan under the protection of U.N. peacekeepers . Earlier Friday , during a rally in Abidjan , Gbagbo 's minister of youth , Ble Goude , called on young supporters of the incumbent "  to organize committees to impede by any means the movements of U.N. forces around the country . " He also told the youth to get ready to liberate "  the Golf Hotel in one week from now . " In a statement released Friday , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon expressed deep concern over the deteriorating situation in Ivory Coast , deploring recent clashes between rival groups as well as threats against the United Nations , including the call to impede the movement of peacekeepers . "  These developments mark a disturbing escalation which draws the country closer to the brink of reigniting civil war , " Ban warned . In his Friday statement , Ban reiterated his call on both sides to exercise maximum restraint and to extend their cooperation to the African Union High-Level Panel . He said he hopes that the panel will expedite its discussions and take decisions that will help prevent further violence and facilitate a peaceful settlement to the crisis . Meanwhile , Gbagbo 's government accused U.N. troops of killing a police officer in Daloa . Army spokesman Col. Babri Gohourou said on national television that the police officer went to the U.N. camp to negotiate the release of three Gbagbo supporters who were arrested during a demonstration . Gohourou said the U.N. peacekeepers shot the officer in the back while he was bringing the three young men away from the camp . Earlier this week , government spokesman Ahoua don Mello alleged that the pro-Ouattara forces were engaged in "  a revolution with the help of UN forces . " U.N. spokesman Hamadoun Toure denied the allegations in a telephone interview . The political standoff in the country has raised fears of a renewal of the bloodshed suffered after a civil war broke out in 2002 . More than 33,000 people have fled to neighboring Liberia since the crisis began ; 20,000 more have been internally displaced , according to the United Nations .	Violence spreads to Ivory Coasts political capital Gbagbo 's government accuses U.N. troops of killing a police officer Gbagbo minister calls for the liberation of the hotel where opposition leader is
