CNN  -- Four-time Fed Cup champions Russia edged Serbia 3-2 on Sunday to reach the semifinals of this year 's competition where they will play the United States . Russia owed their victory to the doubles partnership of Svetlana Kuznetsova and Alisa Kleybanova , who beat Jelena Jankovic and Ana Ivanovic 6-1 6-4 in the decisive rubber in Belgrade Earlier in the reverse singles , Kleybanova beat Ivanovic 6-2 6-3 while Jankovic scored her second victory of the weekend as she saw off Kuznetsova 6-3 4-6 6-3 to level the tie . "  We are really happy after this hard-fought victory , " Kuznetsova told the official Web site www.fedcup.com "  We played the crucial doubles like real partners . Alisa was really good although she 's a singles player . " The United States , missing both the Williams sisters , were still too good for France as they wrapped up a 4-1 win on an indoor clay court at the Stade Couvert Regional de Lievin . Teenage star Melanie Oudin continued her heroics with a second singles victory as she beat Julie Coin 7-6 6-4 to give her side an unassailable 3-0 lead . "  I was a little nervous in the beginning , " Oudin said . "  She definitely stepped up her game when she came out on court and served some really great service games . "  There was n't much I could do in the beginning , besides staying in there with her . " France restored some pride with Pauline Parmentier 's 6-4 6-4 win over Christina McHale before Bethanie Mattek-Sands and Liezel Huber won the concluding doubles for the U.S. Defending champions Italy are also in the semifinals after a convincing 4-1 win over the Ukraine . Francesca Schiavone came from a set down to beat Kateryna Bondarenko to seal the victory after Flavia Pennetta had downed Alona Bondarenko on straight sets in the first reverse singles on Sunday . They will play the Czech Republic who beat Germany 3-2 thanks to a decisive doubles victory . Lucie Hradecka , who was making her Fed Cup debut as a late replacement for the injured Lucie Safarova , proved the final day star in Brno . In the opening reverse singles she beat Andrea Petkovic 6-1 7-6 to give the home team a 2-1 lead . Anna-Lena Groenefeld beat Petra Kvitova 4-6 6-3 6-2 to draw the Germans level , but Hradecka and Kveta Peschke saw off Groenefeld and Tatjana Malek 6-3 6-2 to seal a deserved passage to the last four .	Four-time Fed Cup champions Russia beat Serbia 3-2 in thrilling tie in Belgrade Russia will play the United States in semifinals after they beat France 4-1 Defending champions Italy and the Czech Republic to contest the other semifinal
CNN  -- A 4.7-magnitude earthquake struck central Arkansas just after 11 p.m. Sunday , the United States Geological Survey said . The quake , the latest in a swarm of nearly 800 since September , is the strongest since a 5.0 event recorded in 1976 , according to Scott Ausbrooks of the Arkansas Geological Survey . Almost all of Arkansas could feel the quake , as could residents in parts of Missouri , Tennessee , Kentucky , Indiana and Oklahoma , Ausbrooks said . The quake caused minor damage across a wide area of Arkansas . Most of the damage was from broken dishes , cracked drywall and , in one case , a broken window . No injuries were reported . The quake 's epicenter was 37 miles from Little Rock , the USGS said . The area lies atop several geologic faults , but none is associated with the New Madrid fault , which shook the region in 1811 -- destroying its namesake town in Missouri , bringing down buildings as far away as St. Louis and shaking the ground even in New York . The area around Guy was the site of another historic flurry of earthquakes in 1982 . Geologists know it as the Enola Swarm , responsible for 15,000 quakes within a year 's time , followed by more shaking in 2001 . Ausbrooks has said the state Geological Survey was trying to determine whether the current swarm is natural or due to some man-made cause . CNN 's Jeremy Ryan and Rick Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : Sunday 's quake is the strongest since 1976 , the state geological society says NEW : Nearly 800 minor quakes have shaken the area since September NEW : It caused minor damage but no injuries The quake was centered 37 miles from Little Rock , Arkansas
Two people were arrested Thursday evening after police said they snatched some of the nearly 15.23 million Hong Kong dollars that spilled from a money transport van onto a street on Christmas Eve . A 43-year-old man was arrested in Kowloon and a 36-year-old woman was taken into custody in Tseung Kwan O , police said . They are accused of stealing bank notes off the street and hiding the money in their homes . Authorities said 29 people have voluntarily handed over the money resulting in HK$ 5.7 million being returned . Those that voluntarily returned the money likely will not face charges , police said . It was a wild scene as last-minute shoppers in Hong Kong were treated to a Christmas Eve cash grab when the bills spilled from a money transport van into the street . Passing motorists and pedestrians were caught on camera helping themselves to banknotes scattered in Gloucester Road in the city 's Wan Chai district at around lunchtime , before police arrived to secure the loot and disperse the opportunists . Three cash boxes had fallen from the van , resulting in the loss of an estimated 15.23 million Hong Kong dollars  nearly $ 2 million U.S.  , police said Thursday . A statement from the security company that operates the cash transport van , G4S , said "  the majority " of the money had been recovered from the scene . "  G4S vehicles have in place a number of systems to prevent such occurrences and G4S has commenced an immediate investigation into the causes of the incident , " the statement said . "  We will take urgent steps to prevent any similar cases happening again in the future . "	The people arrested hid money in their homes , authorities say Dozens of people return money found on street Nearly $ 2 million spills from a cash transport into Hong Kong street on Christmas Eve Transport company says "  majority " of money recovered
Paris  CNN  -- French police traded gunfire Saturday in a Strasbourg apartment building with the top suspect in a September supermarket bombing , leaving the 33-year-old man dead and one police officer wounded , prosecutors said . The incident was part of a far-reaching , coordinated counterterrorism operation targeting radical Islamists that led to 10 arrests , Paris prosecutor Francois Molins told reporters . A chief focus of Saturday 's sweep was Jeremy Sidney , a 33-year-old former convict who at one point "  converted to radical Islam , " Molins said . The prosecutor said Sidney 's DNA was found on a small explosive device thrown September 19 into a kosher supermarket in Sarcelles , outside Paris , wounding one customer . Police officers went Saturday morning to an apartment building in Strasbourg , in eastern France , that was home to one of Sidney 's two "  religious wives , " said Molins . According to preliminary reports , Sidney shot at police as soon as they opened the door -- firing six shots and emptying his .357 Magnum revolver before being killed in an exchange of gunfire . A police officer who was shot in the thorax is expected to survive , said Molins . He credits the officers ' bulletproof vests and helmets with preventing more injuries . Inside the man 's apartment , police found a female companion with a 6-year-old child and a 1-month-old infant , according to Strasbourg prosecutor Patrick Poirret . The woman was taken into custody as part of the terrorism case , Poirret said . Child welfare workers took custody of the 6-year-old , but the infant was allowed to remain with the woman because she is breastfeeding , Poirret said . Sidney -- who was born in Melun , France -- was sentenced to two years in prison in 2008 after being convicted of drug trafficking , said Molins . French intelligence operatives had been monitoring him since spring -- well before the Sarcelles ' attack -- but he had not been questioned by authorities . "  He appeared  to be  a delinquent converted to radical Islam , " said Molins , who later added that Sidney never trained to fight abroad . A total of 10 people were arrested Saturday across France , as part of the law enforcement operation . One man who was arrested on top of a building in Torcy , about 25 kilometers  16 miles  east of Paris , was armed with a loaded . 22 caliber pistol , Molins said . Authorities can detain the suspects for 96 hours from Saturday morning , at which time they must press charges or release them . All 10 people are being held on suspicion of having links to terrorism , manufacturing deadly explosives , illegal possession of weapons and attempted homicide of police officers . Three of them have criminal records for drug trafficking , theft or violence , according to Molins . "  They are common criminals who started to be radicalized to become radical Islamists and jihadists , " he said . Police seized a number of items such as ammunition , a list of "  Israelite " organizations in and around Paris , a publication produced by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , wills , computer equipment and 27,000 euros  $ 35,000  in cash , the prosecutor added . Saturday 's operation targeted members of what Molins called an organized terrorist cell . "  We are dealing with a group of a few people who are in constant contact and are supporting each other on a regular basis , " he said . French Interior Minister Manuel Valls briefed President Francois Hollande on the operation Saturday . Hollande reiterated his country 's determination to protect the French people against all forms of terrorist threats . He praised the action of police and asked Valls to take necessary measures to maintain vigilance , Hollande 's office said . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Slain suspect "  converted to radical Islam , " like others targeted , a prosecutor says NEW : 10 people nationwide are detained and accused of having terrorist ties , he adds NEW : Authorities seize ammunition and a list of possible targets , a prosecutor says France 's president hails law enforcement officers for their actions in the case
CNN  -- A man pleaded guilty Monday to killing a Virginia Tech graduate student at a restaurant in January , attacking her with a knife and decapitating her , according to officials . Haiyang Zhu , 26 , pleaded guilty to first-degree murder in connection with the death of Xin Yang , a graduate student studying accounting at Virginia Tech , officials said . Xin , 22 , from Beijing , China , had begun her studies at Virginia Tech only two weeks before she was killed at the Au Bon Pain restaurant in the university 's Graduate Life Center on January 21 , school officials said . School spokesman Larry Hincker told CNN in January the two were believed to have known each other , based on emergency contact records maintained by the university , but witnesses saw no sign of an argument before Xin was attacked . Haiyang , a native of Ningbo , China , was taken into custody at the scene . He had written a love letter to Xin , but she told him she was engaged to another man , Montgomery County commonwealth 's attorney Bradley Finch told CNN . Haiyang purchased the knife used to kill Xin the morning of her death and attempted to call her 12 times , with the first call coming just after he bought the knife , Finch said . "  He completely severed her head , " Finch said . Xin also had severe knife wounds to her hands and arms , he said . In a writing titled "  Will , " Haiyang said he had expressed love for Xin and that she broke his heart when she said she was engaged to someone else , Finch said . Haiyang said the rejection was too cruel and that Xin 's fiance could not compare to him in education and background , and she should have seen he would be the best husband for her . Haiyang was a graduate student pursuing a doctorate in agricultural and applied economics . Hincker said he began studying at Virginia Tech in the fall of 2008 . Haiyang is scheduled to be sentenced in April , according to court records . Xin 's slaying was the first on the Virginia Tech campus since April 16 , 2007 , when Seung-Hui Cho killed 32 students and professors before turning a gun on himself . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	Haiyang Zhu pleads guilty to first-degree murder in the death of Xin Yang Xin was attacked with a knife and decapitated at a restaurant in January They were believed to have known each other , but there was no sign of an argument Slaying was the first on the Virginia Tech campus since the 2007 shootings
CNN  -- Mexico 's high court has overturned a lower court ruling that freed Mexican drug lord Rafael Caro Quintero . The Mexican Supreme Court 's decision came a day after U.S. authorities said they would pay up to $ 5 million for information leading to Caro Quintero 's arrest or conviction . Caro Quintero , 61 , once leader of Mexico 's now-defunct Guadalajara Cartel , is accused in the 1985 kidnapping and killing of DEA agent Enrique "  Kiki " Camarena and his pilot , Alfredo Zavala Avelar . He had served 28 years of a 40-year sentence for the killings when a judge in Mexico 's Jalisco state overturned his conviction in August . After a meeting in Washington in September , Mexican Attorney General JesÃºs Murillo Karam promised that authorities in his country would reapprehend Caro Quintero . But there 's been no word on the accused drug lord 's whereabouts since then . The Drug Enforcement Administration describes Caro Quintero as fugitive from the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California on felony murder and kidnapping charges , in addition to other criminal charges . On August 9 , a Mexican federal court overturned Caro Quintero 's conviction , ruling that he had been incorrectly tried in the country 's federal judicial system , when he should have been tried at the state level . In a 4-1 ruling Wednesday , Mexico 's Supreme Court declared that ruling invalid . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Mariano Castillo , Rafael Romo and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	Mexico 's Supreme Court declares an August appeals court ruling invalid Rafael Caro Quintero , a former cartel leader , is accused of killing a DEA agent A Mexican judge overturned his conviction in a surprise ruling in August The U.S. State Department is offering a $ 5 million reward for information leading to his capture
CNN  -- Three masked men allegedly bound a woman and carved words into her skin , police in Lincoln , Nebraska , said Monday . The incident has been classified as a hate crime because a derogatory term for lesbians was painted inside the home , said Officer Katie Flood , a spokeswoman for the Lincoln Police Department . Someone had carved words into the woman 's body , police said , but investigators declined to elaborate . In addition , someone poured gasoline around the house and lit it , but the fire did little damage , police said . After the attack , the woman made her way to the home of a neighbor , Linda Rappl , who said she feared bad news about her husband , who is in hospice , when she heard someone knocking on her door before dawn Sunday . What she saw instead was her 33-year-old neighbor , she said , naked and bleeding . "  I was in shock , " Rappl said . "  She was naked , her hands were tied with zip ties . All I could see was a cut across her forehead and blood running down . " The woman was sobbing . Rappl , 68 , brought her neighbor inside and wrapped her in a blanket before calling 911 . "  She had cuts on her arms and legs but I did n't want to humiliate her and stare , " she said . It looked like she had endured torture , Rappl said . "  Some of the blood that was on her -- that had run down her legs -- was dried so I do n't know how long it was before she got away . " When word got out about the attack -- and the words carved into the woman 's skin and painted onto the walls -- people responded with anger and sadness on social media . Word of the incident spread quickly , said Tyler Richard , president of Outlinc , a non-profit organization for the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgendered community in Lincoln . Members of the LGBT community organized a vigil at the capitol building Sunday night that he estimates more than 500 people attended . Opinion : Boy Scouts , end discrimination against gays "  The most powerful thing to me was the amount of people there , the amount of people that wanted to support and say this is not something we 're going to stand for in our community , " he said . The city and its police force will do everything they can to "  ensure that justice is done , " Mayor Chris Beutler said Monday . "  Hate crimes are despicable and appalling to me and to all Lincoln residents , " the mayor said in a statement . "  Lincoln strives to be a community that embraces tolerance and equality . We stand united with our gay and lesbian citizens in denouncing violence directed at any group . " Though Rappl could n't attend the vigil , she said it is good for the woman "  to know how many people care about her and support her . " The women have been neighbors for about seven years and have become good friends , she said . Rappl said her neighbor recently lost her job and had been spending her time volunteering with local children . "  Apparently , though , through that job someone let her know that she had no business working with children because she was a lesbian , " Rappl said . "  She is a wonderful , beautiful person . I could n't ask for a better neighbor . " The woman lives openly as a lesbian , Richard said . Lesbian ex-den leader takes petition to Boy Scouts She helps her rake leaves and shovel snow , Rappl said ; she also mows the lawn each week for neighbors who do n't have mowers . "  She even apologized to my foster son for waking him up , " she said . She said the woman is out of the hospital and staying in an emergency shelter . More from CNN Justice : First court appearance for Colorado shooting suspect Penn State gets ` stark wake-up call ' Jury selection gets under way in the Drew Peterson murder trial FBI : Missing Iowa girls probably alive	Police are investigating assault and arson they 're calling a "  hate crime " in Lincoln , Nebraska The victim , 33 , has words carved into her skin and painted on her walls , an officer says A neighbor says the woman came to her door in the middle of the night , naked and bleeding The woman is openly lesbian and "  the best neighbor , " a friend says
CNN  -- Hallie Twomey never imagined that a campaign to have her son 's ashes scattered around the world would reach so far . On Monday , a portion of the ashes of 20-year-old C.J. are expected to be launched into space by a Houston company called Celestis , which has been sending cremated remains into Earth orbit , onto the lunar surface or into deep space since 1997 . "  We did n't even know this was a possibility , " Hallie Twomey said . "  When Celestis reached out to us we were literally blown away . We were very emotional when we found out not only that was this something that can happen but that the CEO was offering us a sort of complimentary ride into space . " Monday 's launch of a SpaceLoft XL rocket carrying the "  Celestis cremation memorials " of C.J. and others is scheduled to take place at New Mexico 's Spaceport America . It will be the company 's 13th launch , delivering remains to the weightlessness of space before returning them to Earth . The capsules with the ashes sealed inside are then presented to family members . C.J. family 's will be watching a live-stream of the launch -- on the same day that a memorial tree will be planted at the hospital where he died . "  I foresee Monday being a day full of tears , " Hallie Twomey said . For years , Hallie Twomey has struggled with the suicide of her son . She searched his belongings for a note with a clue of what tormented him . She sought counseling and attended support groups . Nothing seemed to help . But a plea initially to Facebook friends throughout the United States to help C.J. "  see the mountains that he never got to climb , see the vast oceans that he would have loved , see tropical beaches and lands far and away " by scattering his ashes turned into an international effort . Strangers from India to Jamaica have spread his ashes in tribute to the young man 's adventurous spirit . A separate Facebook page called "  Scattering CJ " has more than 17,000 likes . "  How do you say ` Thank you ' for that ? " his mother said shortly after starting her campaign late last year . "  It 's been so much and so amazing but I 'd give it all back if I could have C.J. ... I just wish I had him and none of this . " Still , the outpouring since her "  Scattering CJ " page went up last November has been comforting . On Facebook , the pictures and videos chronicle the journey of C.J. ashes -- from the Grand Canyon to the Caribbean , from Australia to Morocco . "  Quite frankly , I spent the first two weeks doing nothing but crying , " Twomey , of Auburn , Maine , said . "  I just was n't prepared for what people were sharing and how somebody who has absolutely no connection to me could be affected . " Along with the ashes , Twomey sends a note and a small photo of C.J. in a Boston Red Sox T-shirt . His ashes have even been scattered at Fenway Park , home of his favorite team . His mother asks the recipient to think about her son and the people he helped through organ donation . She also asks that in their thoughts , they remind him that "  Mom and Dad love him , and that Mom is sorry . " Many of those scattering the ashes have also been affected by suicide or have outlived their children , she said . Twomey said she has regretted the argument she had with her son moments before he stormed out of their home and shot himself on April 15 , 2010 . "  C.J. and I fought terribly literally 2 seconds before he put a gun to his head and my last words to him were not nice , " she said . "  I did n't tell him I loved him . I did n't hug him . " C.J. had been upset about not making an Air Force special forces team , his mother said . After being honorably discharged , he returned home . "  He seemed OK , " she said . "  I did n't see any major life changes or severe depression . " More than 800 packets , each containing a small portion of ashes , have gone out so far , with 9,000 people offering to extend C.J. 's journey . She has spent at least $ 3,000 on postage , Twomey said . She mails 25 to 50 packets a week . "  We are humbled every single day at the kindness of strangers , " Hallie Twomey said . "  I can not think of a person more perfect to reach outer space . I believe C.J. would be thrilled with this attention . " National Suicide Prevention Lifeline ` How can I help my child ? '	A mother 's plea for help scattering son 's ashes will deliver remains to space Her Facebook campaign became an international effort C.J. Twomey 's ashes are spread from the Grand Canyon to Australia Many participants have been affected by suicide or have outlived their children
CNN  -- Somebody took Jessica Heeringa from a Michigan gas station Friday night . Police seem certain of that but say they 're "  grasping at straws " for other evidence that might help them find the 25-year-old cashier . Norton Shores , Michigan , Police Chief Daniel Shaw said that by Tuesday morning authorities had gotten 150 tips in the Heeringa case , but nothing conclusive . "  A lot of interesting tips that we can follow up on . Whether or not they 're solid , it 's hard to say because we have so little to work on with physical evidence . We 're just grasping at straws . ... We 're grasping for straws with whatever we can find at the scene , " Shaw told CNN affiliate WOOD . Shaw said a DNA sample was found at the gas station , but he could not tie it to Heeringa 's disappearance , WOOD reported . That sample is being tested . Heeringa was scheduled to close the Exxon station where she was working alone at 11:30 p.m. Friday . But at 11:15 , police got a 911 call that the station was unmanned . "  It 's very suspicious why there 's nobody here , " the 911 caller says in a tape police released Monday . Based on the way the station was left , police say they believe somebody abducted Heeringa . "  Her purse and other belongings were undisturbed . In addition , the store 's cash drawer was found out and no money was missing , " police said in a statement . Police are looking for the driver of a silver minivan who was seen in the store 's parking area late Friday , they said . A press release describes him as a white male , between 30 and 40 , with wavy hair parted in the middle . The van could have been a Chrysler Town and Country , police said . The Exxon station did not have security cameras , but late Monday police released video they think shows the van driving by a nearby business . The video is blurry , the van is only seen for a few seconds , and neither a driver nor license plate can be seen . "  I wish I had the technology like you see on TV where you could blow it up and I could see the driver inside . But that does n't exist for me , " Shaw told WOOD . But it is something . "  It does give us some hope that we 've got some accurate information out there to work with , " he told the station . Heeringa 's family and friends in the community of 22,500 near Lake Michigan were posting missing posters around the area , and a Facebook page was set up for people to offer clues or support . "  We are searching ! Hang tight ! The whole Country wants you home ! " said a Facebook post from Monday morning . Heeringa is described as 5-foot-1 , 110 pounds with blond hair , blue eyes and wearing wire-rimmed glasses . Heeringa 's mother , Shelly Heeringa , told CNN affiliate WZZM that she thinks her daughter 's abductor was a past customer who knew Jessica and the store . "  She 's very helpful , that 's why I think he lured her out of the gas station , " the mother told the station . "  He knew there was n't security cameras . " People with information that may help find Heeringa are asked to call the Norton Shores police at 231-733-2691 .	Police say there 's scant evidence to go on Blurry video shows van whose driver police are looking for "  I wish I had the technology like you see on TV , " chief says Jessica Heeringa , 25 , missing since Friday night
London , England  CNN  -- A widespread shortage of organs for transplantation means surgeons are forced to use "  less than ideal " organs -- a practice that can have deadly consequences . In October 2009 , the inquest into the death of British soldier Corporal Matthew Millington revealed he had received a double lung transplant from a donor who may have smoked up to 50 cigarettes a day . Less than a year after the transplant , Millington died after doctors found a tumor in his lungs . The case highlighted the fact that with a desperate shortage of donors , surgeons are often forced to transplant imperfect organs . Chris Watson , vice-president of the British Transplantation Society  BTS  , told CNN that 49 percent of last year 's lung donors in the UK were smokers . "  We 're not in the luxurious position in transplantation to turn down organs because they 're not absolutely perfect -- there are very few perfect organs , " he said . Watson told CNN that around 7,000 people in the UK are currently waiting for a transplant ; according to BTS figures , almost 1,000 people died last year while waiting . In the U.S. , about 105,000 people are currently waiting for an organ transplant , and approximately 19 people die every day while waiting for a transplant , according to according to official figures . Spain leads the world in organ donation , with 33 deceased donors per million people , compared with 12 donors per million in the UK , according to Watson . Spain has a "  presumed consent " law , where individuals are automatically considered an organ donor unless they opt out , but Watson said that is not the only factor that explains the country 's high level of organ donation . He told CNN that Spain has a well-developed infrastructure for managing patients in intensive care and dedicated donor coordinators who are able to counsel the families of the deceased and discuss their consent to organ donation . It 's a system that has been trialled in the UK for the last two years , and one that Watson hopes will improve donation rates . But with current levels of donation , Watson is happy to use the organs that are available . He told CNN that data shows that transplants using smokers ' lungs are just as effective in the long term as those using lungs from non-smokers . "  In the case of Corporal Millington , the donor had a chest X-ray , broncoscopy and a careful inspection of the lungs once they were removed , " Watson told CNN . "  When they found the tumor in Corporal Millington it was seven millimeters across and it was likely to have been two or three millimeters when it was transplanted . To find something that small you 'd need to chop the lungs up into fine pieces , and then you ca n't transplant . " Watson told CNN that organs are thoroughly tested for suitability before they are transplanted . He said that once a patient has been diagnosed as brain-dead and donation is a possibility , a donor coordinator will approach their family to learn more about the patient 's history . Medics ask about the donor 's medical history and lifestyle . They also take a blood test and may contact the donor 's doctor for more information . But Watson stresses that medics only have a few hours between diagnosis of brain death and organ removal . Those time constraints mean medics have to make quick judgments about the suitability of donated organs . "  We 're happy to use the organs available knowing they 're not ideal and we 'll make the best use of them and keep them functioning as well as we can , " said Watson . "  The alternative for recipients is to die , so there 's really not much choice for them . "	British surgeon says shortage of donors means he must use imperfect organs In the United States , 19 people die every day waiting for an organ transplant Spain leads the world in terms of organ donation , and employs donor coordinators in hospitals .
CNN  -- President Obama 's economic stimulus plan cleared its first hurdle , but it was hardly the bipartisan victory he hoped for -- not a single House Republican broke ranks to support it . The stimulus bill now moves to the Senate , where GOP members want less spending and more tax cuts . In fact , 11 Democrats also voted against the $ 819 billion package . But a win is a win , and so the White House strategy is to take the long view : Maybe the Senate will take out more of the controversial pork projects and tweak the tax cuts to win over more Republicans . The full Senate will vote on its version next week . Should the Senate and House pass different versions , the two bills would have to be conferenced together . Then both chambers would have to vote on the new conference version in the coming weeks . Watch what 's next for the stimulus " "  I do think it is so important that we slow this bill down in order to do it right , " said Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas . Senate GOP sources report that there is a "  real split " in the GOP caucus about the best way to proceed in the wake of Wednesday 's vote in the House . The sources say Sen. Mitch McConnell , the Senate minority leader , wants a "  smaller , narrower " bill . Another group of Republicans including Sen. John McCain of Arizona and Sen. Susan Collins of Maine is working to craft a larger package that would include more infrastructure spending . Generally , the sources say , the party is looking for more concessions from the White House on spending . The Senate has already made some changes in its version of the bill , which is approaching $ 900 billion . The Senate Finance Committee added about $ 70 billion to fix the Alternative Minimum Tax , which was intended to place a tax on the wealthy but now hits many middle class families . The Senate bill adds more direct money for seniors , with a plan to send $ 300 checks to social security recipients and disabled veterans . Smaller changes in the Senate version include $ 108 million to extend worker retraining programs and a provision to block any taxes on the first $ 2,400 of unemployment benefits . Aides say housing relief is also going to be a big issue for some Republican senators . The main concerns are similar to those of their House counterparts . They want more tax cuts and less spending . "  We look forward to offering amendments to improve this critical legislation and move it back to the package President Obama originally proposed -- 40 percent tax relief , no wasteful spending and a bipartisan approach , " McConnell said . Obama has made it clear that he 's not willing to budge on some of the big ticket items , like how the tax cuts are structured . The version passed in the House is two-thirds spending and one-third tax cuts . Much of the $ 550 billion in spending is divided among these areas : $ 142 billion for education , $ 111 billion for health care , $ 90 billion for infrastructure , $ 72 billion for aid and benefits , $ 54 billion for energy , $ 16 billion for science and technology and $ 13 billion for housing . Those opposed to the bill say it includes too much wasteful spending , pointing to things like $ 335 million in funding for education on sexually transmitted diseases and $ 650 million for digital TV coupons . Watch why some say there 's too much pork " A growing number of Republicans and Democrats say measures such as those do n't create jobs . The Democratic rationale is that healthier Americans will be more productive . And on the millions for digital television coupons , the hope is that money will go to new call centers explaining how the technology works . "  There 's something in there for literally every interest . It 's a pent-up wish list of spending programs that many around here have wanted to implement for a really long time , " said Sen. John Thune , R-South Dakota . Congressional leaders did drop some of the controversial provisions , like one that provided $ 200 million worth of contraceptives to low-income families . Obama personally called some House Democratic leaders to urge them to remove the family planning provision in hopes of winning bipartisan support . The White House is hoping that some Republicans will come on board in the Senate , where there already has been a little more compromise and a greater sense of bipartisanship . Some House Republicans have left the door open to being more receptive to changes made on the Senate side , and then perhaps voting yes if they get those changes when the final bill comes up for a vote . David Gergen , a senior political analyst for CNN , said that while there will be disagreements , some version will likely pass in the coming weeks . "  I think both sides are approaching this with some qualms , but they also feel -- especially the Democrats feel -- they have no choice . The economy is in urgent need to be addressed with a stimulus package , " he said . "  We have got a very popular president . They 're going to support him and go forward . And this package is going to pass . A version of this package is going to pass here in the next two or three weeks . " The president hopes to have the plan passed by Congress and on his desk for signing by mid-February . CNN 's Jim Acosta , Lisa Desjardins , Gloria Borger , Ed Henry , Kristi Keck and Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	Stimulus bill passed in the House with no support from Republicans GOP senators want more tax cuts , less spending President Obama has made a push for bipartisan support Obama made it clear that he 's not willing to budge on some big ticket items
CNN  -- Patti LaBelle has agreed to pay $ 100,000 to settle a complaint that she verbally and physically assaulted a mother and her 18-month-old daughter in a Manhattan apartment lobby two years ago , the mother 's lawyer said Wednesday . The agreement ends a lawsuit that accused the singer of "  yelling , screaming obscenities , throwing water and drenching with water , attempting to strike and physically injure " Roseanna Monk and her child , Genevieve , in the lobby of Trump Place on Manhattan 's Upper West Side on November 11 , 2010 . LaBelle , her lawyer and representative did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment on the settlement filed in a federal court in New York . A jury trial had been scheduled for late November , but U.S. District Judge John Koeltl signed an order dismissing the case at the request of each side Wednesday morning . LaBelle , who lived in the same apartment building as the Monks at the time , denied the allegations in her initial response to the lawsuit last December , according to court documents . Read more entertainment news on CNN 's Marquee Blog Monk 's lawyer , Samuel Davis , told CNN Wednesday that it "  took a bunch of depositions " before LaBelle "  recognized that she was going to have to face the music . " The singer apparently was upset because she thought the child was wandering around the lobby unattended , Davis said . "  LaBelle besieged them with such ferocity , before she doused them with water , that the baby was crying hysterically , " Davis said . "  LaBelle would not desist . " Davis called the incident violent and traumatic . "  The baby went from crying hysterically to vomiting , " he said . The incident caused a change in the child 's personality for several months , he said . "  She went from being the most outgoing , saying ` hi ' to everybody in the lobby of her building , to being clingy and shy , " he said . "  Patti is a nice lady , but she has some anger issues , " Davis said . The Monks will donate the payment to charity , as Davis will do with his legal fees , which LaBelle must pay , the attorney said . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	The suit accused LaBelle of "  screaming obscenities " at a mom and child "  LaBelle besieged them with such ferocity , " the family 's lawyer says "  Patti is a nice lady , but she has some anger issues , " the lawyer says LaBelle 's representatives did not immediately respond to CNN calls for comment
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has granted a condemned Georgia inmate 's request that his execution be delayed as he attempts to prove his innocence . Troy Davis has always maintained his innocence in the 1989 killing of Officer Mark MacPhail . The inmate , Troy Davis , has gained international support for his long-standing claim that he did not murder a Savannah police officer nearly two decades ago . Justice John Paul Stevens on Monday ordered a federal judge to "  receive testimony and make findings of fact as to whether evidence that could not have been obtained at trial clearly establishes petitioner 's innocence . " Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer supported the decision . Sonia Sotomayor , who was sworn in August 8 as the newest member of the high court , did not take part in the petition . Davis ' case has had a dramatic series of ups and downs in the past year . He was granted a stay of execution by the Supreme Court two hours before he was to be put to death last fall . A month later , the justices reversed course and allowed the execution to proceed , but a federal appeals court then issued another stay . The high court 's latest ruling means Davis will continue to sit on death row . Stevens said the risk of putting a potentially innocent man to death "  provides adequate justification " for another evidentiary hearing . His supporters in June delivered petitions bearing about 60,000 signatures to Chatham County , Georgia , District Attorney Larry Chisolm , calling for a new trial . Chisolm is the county 's first African-American district attorney . Davis is also African-American . Davis has always maintained his innocence in the 1989 killing of Officer Mark MacPhail . Witnesses said Davis , then 19 , and two others were harassing a homeless man in a Burger King restaurant parking lot when the off-duty officer arrived to help the man . Witnesses testified at trial that Davis then shot MacPhail twice and fled . But since his 1991 conviction , seven of the nine witnesses against him have recanted their testimony . No physical evidence was presented linking Davis to the killing of the policeman . The Georgia Pardons and Parole Board last year held closed-door hearings and reinterviewed the witnesses and Davis himself . The panel decided against clemency . MacPhail 's mother , Annaliese , told CNN at the time , "  This is what we were hoping for , and I hope pretty soon that we will have some peace and start our life , especially my grandchildren -- my grandson and granddaughter . It has overshadowed their lives . " After the justices in October refused to grant a stay of execution , Davis ' sister , Martina Correia , told CNN she was "  disgusted " by the decision . "  It does n't make any sense , " she said . "  We are praying for a miracle or some kind of intervention . We will regroup and fight . We will never stop fighting . We just ca n't be discouraged . The fight is not over till it 's over . " Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas objected to the court 's decision Monday , calling it a "  fool 's errand . " "  Petitioner 's claim is a sure loser , " wrote Scalia . "  Transferring his petition to the -LSB- federal -RSB- District Court is a confusing exercise that can serve no purpose except to delay the state 's execution of its lawful criminal judgment . " Ten days after the high court refused last October to intervene , a federal appeals court in Georgia granted a temporary stay of execution . Since then , further appeals by Davis ' legal team have dragged on for nearly a year . Prominent figures ranging from the pope to the musical group Indigo Girls have asked Georgia to grant Davis a new trial . Other supporters include celebrities Susan Sarandon and Harry Belafonte ; world leaders such as former President Jimmy Carter and former Archbishop Desmond Tutu ; and former and current U.S. lawmakers Bob Barr , Carol Moseley Braun and John Lewis .	Supreme Court 's latest ruling means Troy Davis will continue to sit on death row Davis was convicted in 1991 of murdering a Savannah , Georgia , police officer Since his conviction , 7 of 9 witnesses against him have recanted their testimony Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas objected to the court 's decision
CNN  -- Like a momentary glitch on a flat-panel display , the attacks by hackers calling themselves "  Anonymous " came and went . Visa , PayPal , MasterCard and Amazon report no significant damage , and business goes on as usual . The corporations acting to cut off WikiLeaks remain safe . Although many are unsettled by the thought of a site such as WikiLeaks revealing state secrets or a group of anonymous hackers breaking the security of the banking system , events of the past week reveal that such threats are vastly overstated . If anything , the current debacle demonstrates just how tightly controlled the net remains in its current form , as well as just what would have to be done to create the sort of peer-to-peer network capable of upending corporate and government power over mass communication and society itself . While in the short term , WikiLeaks managed to create a public platform for a massive number of classified cables , the site itself was rather handily snuffed out by the people actually in charge of the internet . That 's because however decentralized the net might feel when we are posting to our blogs , it was actually designed around highly centralized indexes called domain name servers . Every time we instruct our browsers to find a web page , they ping one of these authorized master lists in order to know where to go . Removing WikiLeaks or any other site , group , top-level domain or entire nation is as easy as deleting it from that list . The durability of WikiLeaks ' disclosures rests less in the willingness of many rogue websites to attempt to host them in WikiLeaks ' stead than in the sanctity of traditional news outlets such as The New York Times and Guardian of London , which were also sent the complete package of classified documents and ca n't be turned off with the online equivalent of a light switch . Likewise , the server space on which our websites appear is owned by corporations that have the power -- if not the true right -- to cut anyone off for any reason they choose . It 's private property , after all . Similarly , our means of funding WikiLeaks is limited to companies such as Visa and PayPal , which immediately granted government requests to freeze payments and donations to WikiLeaks . It 's the same way a rogue nation 's assets can be frozen by the banks holding them . Hackers , angered at this affront to the supposed openness of the internet , then went on the attack . They used their own computers -- as well as servers they had been able to commandeer -- to wage "  denial of service " attacks on the websites of the offending companies . Most of those companies , already armed with defensive capabilities designed to fend off intrusions from the likes of the Russian mob or the Red Army , survived unscathed . Only MasterCard was noticeably , if only temporarily , disrupted . Meanwhile , Facebook and Twitter quickly disabled accounts traced to those using the services to organize their minions . And all this tamping down occurred on today 's purportedly "  net neutral " internet , which offers no real advantage to one corporate-owned server over any other . We can only imagine the effect of these events on those who will decide on whether to maintain net neutrality or give in to the corporations that argue the internet 's distributive capabilities should be reserved for those who can pay for such distribution , by the byte . No , the real lesson of the WikiLeaks affair and subsequent cyberattacks is not how unwieldy the net has become , but rather how its current architecture renders it so susceptible to control from above . It was in one of the leaked cables that China 's State Council Information office delivered its confident assessment that thanks to "  increased controls and surveillance , like real-name registration ... The Web is fundamentally controllable . " The internet 's failings as a truly decentralized network , however , merely point the way toward what a decentralized network might actually look like . Instead of being administrated by central servers , it would operate through computers that pinged one another , instead of corporate-owned server farms , and deliver web pages from anywhere , even our own computers . The FCC and other governing bodies may attempt to defang the threat of the original internet by ending net neutrality . But if they did , such a new network -- a second , "  people 's internet " -- would almost certainly rise in its place . In the meantime , the internet we know , love and occasionally fear today is more of a beta version of modeling platform than a revolutionary force . And like any new model , it changes the way we think of the way things work right now . What the internet lacks today indicates the possibilities for what can only be understood as a new operating system : a 21st century , decentralized way of conducting political , commercial and human affairs . This new operating system , even in its current form , is slowly becoming incompatible with the great , highly centralized institutions of the 20th century , such as central banking and nation states , which still depend on top-down control and artificial monopolies on power to maintain their authority over business and governance . The ease with which PayPal or Visa can cut off the intended recipient of our funds , for example , points the way to peer-to-peer transactions and even currencies that allow for the creation and transmission of value outside the traditional banking system . The ease with which a senator 's phone call can shut down a web site leads network architects to evaluate new methods of information distribution that do n't depend on corporate or government domain management for their effectiveness . Until then , at the very least , the institutions still wielding power over the way our networks work and do n't work have to exercise their power under a new constraint : They must do so in the light of day . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Douglas Rushkoff : Attacks on companies that thwarted WikiLeaks did little damage He says net designed around central domain name servers ; corporate owners easily control Server space providers , funders like PayPal , Visa are companies with power to pull plug , he says Rushkoff : Incident may drive interest in ways to send info free from corporate sway
CNN  -- A tugboat on Saturday reached a disabled freighter carrying 22 people , hours after the ship rode out Hurricane Ike without power , Coast Guard spokesman Mike O'Berry said . O'Berry said the tugboat Rotterdam arrived shortly before 2 p.m.  3 p.m. ET  . Repairs will be made aboard the Antalina , which has a broken fuel pump , while at sea , O'Berry said . The tugboat will then tow the ship to Port Arthur , Texas , where it will undergo additional repairs and eventually offload more of its cargo -- petroleum coke , a petroleum byproduct -- O'Berry said . The crew members aboard the Antalina , a Cypriot-flagged freighter , are all in good health , said Coast Guard Cmdr. Ron Labrec . The freighter suffered no major damage from the storm , said Darrell Wilson , a spokesman for the company that manages the ship . Aircraft from the Coast Guard and Air Force were sent Friday afternoon to try to rescue the crew of the freighter , which is loaded with petroleum coke , a petroleum byproduct . But high winds forced the military to abort the rescue , O'Berry said . The Coast Guard then instructed the freighter to contact it each hour . It also told told the crew to turn on the ship 's emergency radio beacon so its position could be monitored , O'Berry said . Watch the Coast Guard conduct a rescue operation " Onshore as well , rescuers found it too dangerous to respond to calls for help . In Liverpool , Texas , south of Houston , a family called for help around 1 a.m. Saturday when a tree crashed into their house , but authorities concluded that strong winds made it too dangerous to respond , said Doc Adams , Brazoria County 's emergency management coordinator . "  You want to take care of people , and when you ca n't , it 's tough , " Adams said . "  Unfortunately , someone has to make the decision about whether the risk is worth the benefit . Are you willing to risk three or four lives to save one ? It 's not easy . " Adams said he did n't know if anyone in the house was hurt . "  As far as I know , they 're still there in the house with a tree over it , " he said at about 3:40 a.m. . The stranded freighter had been headed south through the Gulf of Mexico from Port Arthur , Texas , but "  lost main propulsion 90 miles southeast of Galveston " and was unable to steer , the Coast Guard said . The Coast Guard received a distress call from the vessel at 4 a.m. Friday . The Antalina was "  basically adrift , at the mercy of the wind and sea currents , " Coast Guard Petty Officer Tom Atkeson said at the time . "  We are in hell , " one of the men aboard the freighter told CNN on Friday before the rescue was called off . The man said the winds around the ship were strong but that the freighter still had power . On Friday before the storm hit , authorities picked up more than 120 people stranded by rising seas along the southeast Texas coast . Most of the rescues occurred in Galveston County , where rising water and other effects of the storm began hours before landfall early Saturday . Stranded residents were airlifted from Crystal Beach , Bolivar Peninsula and other communities in the Galveston area . Many of those rescued were motorists stranded on flooded roads . In Surfside Beach , police waded through chest-high rushing water to rescue five people trapped in their homes . One man refused to leave , said Surfside Beach police Chief Randy Smith . "  Some of them took convincing , some of them did n't , " Smith said . Police also rescued five other people who waded out to meet the officers . About half of those rescues were done by helicopters out of bases along the coast , said Coast Guard Petty Officer David Schulein . Three HH-65C helicopters from Coast Guard Air Station Houston rescued more than 20 people and continued to fly rescue missions until weather grounded them Friday evening , said Petty Officer Renee Aiello , a station spokeswoman . Some 37,000 people may need to be rescued in the aftermath of the hurricane , a U.S. military official estimated Friday . Texas already has asked for help , and the active-duty military has 42 search-and-rescue helicopters on standby , the official said .	NEW : Tugboat reaches stranded freighter Ship 's crew of 22 endures night without power in Gulf of Mexico Coast Guard , Air Force had to abandon rescue because of poor conditions Authorities onshore find it too dangerous to respond to calls for help
CNN  -- Nadya Suleman , who gave birth to octuplets in January , brought two of her babies home from the hospital late Tuesday . Nadya Suleman walks outside her new house for a video crew in La Habra , California , on March 10 . She brought the infants to her new house in La Habra , California . Members of the media and gawkers crowded the cul-de-sac , as news helicopters hovered overhead . Media swarmed the family 's vehicle as it slowly made its way through the crowd , into the home 's garage . The babies discharged from the hospital were Noah Angel , known as Baby A , and Isaiah Angel , known as Baby C , according to the Kaiser Permanente Bellflower Medical Center . The medical team that delivered the babies identified them by letters of the alphabet . On discharge , Noah weighed 5 pounds , 13 ounces , and Isaiah weighed 5 pounds , the hospital said in a news release . "  Both infants are able to bottle feed , are gaining weight and are able to maintain their body temperature , " the release said . "  This is a happy moment for everyone -- the family , physicians , nurses and entire NICU  neonatal intensive care unit staff  , " the release quoted neonatologist Mandhir Gupta as saying . "  It is always rewarding whenever a premature infant goes home as a healthy baby . " Watch as crowd welcomes babies home " The remaining six babies continue to progress well at the hospital , Kaiser said . All continue gaining weight as they get formula or donated breast milk . Hospital representatives made several home visits before the babies were discharged , to determine whether Suleman could provide safe housing , enough child care support and the supplies needed to care for the first two children , Kaiser said . Until recently , Suleman had been sharing another home with her parents and her other six young children . But that house ended up at risk of foreclosure , and Suleman moved into her own home . Last week , she disputed news reports that her father had bought the new house . "  I earned it . ... No , my father did not purchase this house for me . I did it on my own , " Suleman told Radar magazine 's Web site during a recent video tour of the 2,583-square-foot house . "  It 's 1,000-square-footage bigger than the old house , " she said on the video . "  They -LSB- her older children -RSB- like it more than Grandma 's house . " Watch Suleman take other children to theme parks Showing the new house to Radar , Suleman toured the living room , dining room and kitchen , and a den off the kitchen that she said she planned to turn into a nursery . All the cribs will be kept in that room and two babies will share each crib , she said at the time , "  unless one is sick , because they are so strong and healthy right now . ... Six are ready to come home . " Suleman , 33 , added that they would come home two at a time . "  Two are little and they need to gain weight , and that 's it . There 's no medical problem , " she said . People.com reported that their new home , which was listed for $ 564,900 , has four bedrooms and a large back yard . "  My ultimate goal is not to be a burden on ... taxpayers , " she told Radar . "  So there have been a couple of offers . ... I selectively picked a couple of opportunities to earn some resources for the kids . " Suleman gave birth to the octuplets through in-vitro fertilization , fueling controversy . News of her collecting public assistance for some of her children also outraged many taxpayers .	NEW : Babies are Noah Angel , known as Baby A , and Isaiah Angel , known as Baby C NEW : On discharge , Noah weighed 5 pounds , 13 ounces ; Isaiah weighed 5 pounds She plans to turn den in to nursery , with two babies per crib Suleman says "  my ultimate goal is not to be a burden on ... taxpayers "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Torrential rain in Myanmar has forced thousands to flee their homes and flooded hundreds of thousands of acres of rice paddies , media reports and aid workers say . Two weeks of heavy monsoon rain caused the flooding , which has primarily affected the Irrawaddy Delta region close to the capital Yangon . Around the port city of Pathein , 236,000 people had been affected , with 35,000 moved to temporary relief camps in schools , monasteries and churches , said Denis De Poerck , director of program operations for Save the Children in Myanmar . He said the families that had not fled were living on the upper floors of their homes and long boats were the main form of transport . The government , private benefactors and the World Food Program had provided food rations to flood victims , he added . "  What people need now is non-food items -- clothing , cooking pots and utensils , " he told CNN by telephone from Yangon . The state-run New Light of Myanmar reported that President Thein Sein on Sunday visited Bago , another flood-hit area east of the capital , to provide assistance to some of the victims . De Poerck added that the United Nations estimated that 200,000 acres of rice paddies had been destroyed and 55,000 acres remained under water . One acre is around the size of an American football field . Myanmar often suffers from flooding during the monsoon season but in the areas assessed by Save the Children locals said the floods were the worst since 1997 . In 2008 , Cyclone Nargis devastated Myanmar 's southern delta region , killing 130,000 people . Kocha Olarn in Bangkok and Nay Pyi Taw in Yangon contributed to this report	Torrential rain in Myanmar has forced thousands to flee their homes The Irrawaddy Delta region close to the capital Yangon worst hit Two weeks of heavy monsoon rain caused the flooding
CNN  -- Ted Turner appeared Tuesday on CNN , the network he founded , to talk about last week 's election results , his business ventures , and his relationship with ex-wife Jane Fonda . CNN founder Ted Turner tells the network he 's "  encouraged " by the results of last week 's election . Turner is promoting a new autobiography , "  Call Me Ted "  Warner Books  , which documents his life , loves , successes and failures . Probably best known for his 1980 launch of CNN , the first 24-hour all-news cable network , Turner has also made news as a philanthropist and supporter of the United Nations . He won the America 's Cup of yachting in 1977 , and owned the Atlanta Braves when they won the World Series in 1995 . Turner discussed the book on CNN 's "  American Morning . " The following is an edited transcript . CNN : Let me ask you first of all , before we get involved in the actual book and the story of your life : What do you make of the results of this presidential election ? Ted Turner : Well , I 'm encouraged . I think we needed change that we can believe in . Watch Turner talk about his relationship with ex-wife Jane Fonda " CNN : Is -LSB- President-elect Barack Obama -RSB- the guy to pull this economy ? Turner : Well , I do n't know . I mean , our country in my lifetime has never been in this shape before . So we 'll have to see . I think we are really heading into uncharted territory . But I think the main problem is , I hope he does n't get blamed if things get tough -- because I think they are going to . CNN : -LSB- Obama -RSB- seems to be talking about a lot more government involvement in the business community going forward , more government money for an auto industry bailout , another economic stimulus package . As a person who pulled -LSB- himself -RSB- up in the business community from his bootstraps , is that the way to do it , with more government involvement ? Turner : Well , I do n't think so . It was a struggle financing CNN , but I did it without ever asking the government for a nickel . In fact , I gave the government $ 32 million when they were a little short and could n't pay the dues to the U.N. CNN : A lot of people in this economic community losing an awful lot of money , something you know something about . Turner : I 've lost a lot , too . We all have . CNN : You lost $ 7 billion when the dot-com bubble burst after the Time Warner-AOL merger . How did you not see the dot-com bubble bursting ? How did you not see that that was all built on air ? Turner : Maybe I did , but I was on a board of directors and a founder , and I was concerned about the AOL merger , but we did n't know that the books were cooked . We did n't do enough due diligence . CNN : Was that the worst business decision of your life ? Turner : Oh yeah . Absolutely . CNN : If you could go back and do it again , would you have just completely called the whole thing off ? Turner : Well , I could n't have . At the time , there was so much momentum to do the deal , everybody was for it -- all of Wall Street and the management of both companies . And I would n't -- we could have stopped it if we had known of the accounting irregularities . But we did n't know . So there was no way to stop it . CNN : At about the same time , you were hemorrhaging money at the rate of about $ 10 million a day over the course of more than two years , your marriage to Jane Fonda broke up . And many people close to you were concerned -- because your father , who passed off his billboard business to you , committed suicide -- that you may follow him down that road . Turner : I would n't do that to my children and grandchildren . CNN : But they were concerned about it . Turner : Well , they might have been concerned about it , but there was no reason to be . CNN : You went through counseling , though , to try to come back . What was that road like ? Turner : What , counseling ? I 've been in all kinds of counseling . I believe in doctors . Where I really spent the time was in couples and marriage counseling . It helped some . I was married for 10 years one time and 18 another . CNN : ... Jane Fonda has said , and said in the "  60 Minutes " interview that aired over the weekend , that she still loves you . Is there -- Turner : She did n't say that . CNN : Well , she says that she would be at your side in a blue minute . Turner : If I needed her . CNN : I would assume that somebody would n't do that unless they love you . Turner : It was nice of her to do . CNN : Any chance for a reconciliation ? Turner : I do n't think so , but you never know . CNN : What would it take ? Turner : I do n't know . More than a television interview . CNN : Have you thought about picking up the phone ? Turner : No . I talk to her all the time . ... CNN : She said that -- this is a quote from the interview -- she said , "  It 's impossible to really be with Ted the way he needs someone to be with him and have any kind of life of your own . " Are you tough to live with ? Turner : I travel a lot . I 'm on the move . CNN : You do n't like to be alone ? Turner : No . CNN : Why are you on the move so much ? Turner : I do n't know . I just got in the habit of it because that 's how you get a lot done . Going from here to Philadelphia , and from Philadelphia to Atlanta , and Atlanta to Chicago , and Chicago to Los Angeles . When you are promoting a book , you really move . CNN : I know you 've got to move around a lot . But some people have observed that when you are chased by demons , you have to move around a lot to stay out in front of them . Turner : Well , I 'm not chased by demons . I feel pretty good . CNN : Why would people say that ? Turner : I do n't know . That I 'm chased by demons ? I do n't know . They do n't know . The only person who knows about demons is me . CNN : It 's been a while since you have been involved with CNN . When you look -- Turner : No , I 'm involved every day , because I watch it just about every day . CNN : Involved in terms of the business aspect . Turner : That 's OK , but viewers have got a lot of rights , too . ... -LSB- If -RSB- you do n't have viewers , you do n't have a business . CNN : ... When you come here and see how it 's grown up , you see the international aspect of it , you see that on Election Night , CNN -- Wolf Blitzer , Anderson Cooper , Campbell Brown , John King -- Turner : They did a good job . CNN : They beat the networks . What do you think what you see that ? Turner : I think it 's great . CNN : This is the little entity that you started out of nothing . Turner : It 's not so little . And it was n't when we merged with Time Warner , either . Was the world 's most important network . CNN : So what 's next for you , if anything , at 70 years old ? Turner : Well , I 'm still promoting the book . It just came out two days ago . So that 's a lot of work . CNN : ... -LSB- The book describes your -RSB- getting stuck on a sandbar , getting caught in a storm , almost dying off the coast of Cape Hatteras . ... How did you go from being a sailor that got stuck on the reef and almost died to somebody who managed to win the America 's Cup on the Courageous ? . Turner : Well , the same way in baseball , -LSB- the Atlanta Braves -RSB- set a record for consecutive last-place finishes in divisional play in baseball . First four years , we finished last , four years in a row . But I stuck with it and after 18 years , we won the World Series . And that 's what I did with sailing . CNN : Just stick to it ? Turner : Yeah . -LSB- I -RSB- stuck to it . And I was n't losing -- I was just learning how to win .	Ted Turner says he 's "  encouraged " by election of Barack Obama as president The CNN founder expects tough economic times ahead Turner : Reconciliation with ex-wife Jane Fonda unlikely , "  but you never know " Time Warner did n't do enough "  due diligence " before merging with AOL , Turner says
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel does n't like losing -- and Formula One 's youngest ever triple world champion showed he means business after wrapping up pole position at Sepang Saturday . The Red Bull driver , who started at the front of the grid at Melbourne last weekend , was beaten into third after Lotus ' Kimi Raikkonen and Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso took the top two spots . Vettel 's frustration at failing to make the most of his advantage was palpable , but ahead of Sunday 's second race of the season in Malaysia , he demonstrated once again why he 's the man to beat . The Circuit : CNN 's look at the Malaysian Grand Prix With the rain causing chaos , the German recorded recorded a fastest time of one minute 49.674 seconds to pip Ferrari 's Felipe Massa and Fernando Alonso , who will start second and third on the grid . "  I think if you start in the front you always want to finish there , " Vettel told the post-qualifying press conference . "  We confirmed more or less what we saw in Melbourne . I was very happy with the balance of the car once again . "  I think also considering where we were last year here , a big step forward . But these days racing is a little bit different . "  Hopefully we 'll find the right amount of percentage less than 100 % to start he race tomorrow . "  Managing the tires will be crucial and then we go from there . We know the pace is there so hopefully we get to the checkered flag in the same position . " While Vettel was left content with his performance , last weekend 's race winner Raikkonen suffered a disappointing day after being handed a three-place penalty . The Finn had qualified in seventh before stewards adjudged him to have impended the Mercedes of Nico Rosberg . "  It 's a shame to lose the three places but it is what it is , " he told Lotus ' official website . "  You never know what will happen in the race -- especially here -- so we 'll do our best and let 's hope we have the speed to get on the podium . " Raikkonen 's absence from the top end of the grid is a bonus for Ferrari , with Massa in particular looking to take advantage after out-qualifying Alonso for the fourth race in succession . Read Ferrari revved up for F1 title fight "  I think whenever you feel comfortable you can do a good lap and you can use the car to the maximum , it 's possible , " he told reporters . "  It was really clear that I was not comfortable last year and the year before , so many things around the car , bad luck , around myself as well , so there were so many things that were not working in the proper direction . "  But now they are and I know how quick I can be , I 've showed that many times in the past . "  If everything works well , we can be competitive ; it 's pretty sure about that . I believe in myself and I think it can be really important for the team , for Fernando as well , for everybody . "  We need a stronger team , a strong position and fighting for the best position in every race so I 'm happy , that 's a good direction . " Two-time world champion Alonso won at Sepang last season and will be hoping for a repeat performance this time around -- despite being outshone by teammate Massa . "  I think I 've been racing 27 years now in motor racing - I 'm getting old - so it 's not the first time that we have very close competition , " he told the press conference . "  It was very close the last three years as well , but I know that for you it was not that close in terms of results because I think Felipe had some bad luck , some incidents sometimes , some mechanical problems other times . "  But the last three years was much closer than I think that it looked in the points at the end . "  So this year it is again very close , no big difference , maybe a little bit closer and for sure the last two races we are behind on the grid but so far on Saturday there are no points so we need to keep working for Sunday . "  It 's the best news for the team , because we need to have a competition between the two drivers in the team . "  We need to share information between the drivers in the team and now I think all the data that we have from free practice , from qualifying for everything is very useful to compare and to analyze to make ourselves better . "  So this is only good news for the team and we will push each other to our own limits and this is good news for the team . After claiming a fifth place finish in last weekend 's season-opener , Lewis Hamilton is aiming for better in his Mercedes . The 2008 world champion will start fourth on the grid and is targeting a podium finish . "  The car was not too bad in the dry but the balance could have been a lot better , then it was pretty tricky conditions in the wet during Q3 , " he told the team 's official website . "  We did our lap with older tires than the guys in front , which was a bit unfortunate , but our pace was good overall so I ca n't complain . "  It 's the second race on the second row for me and there are lots of positives to take out of the weekend so far . "  Our long run pace looked pretty good compared to the other teams so I 'm hoping for dry conditions tomorrow . "	Sebastian Vettel on pole position for Malaysian Grand Prix Ferarri pair Felipe Massa and Fernando Alonso to start second and third Lotus ' Kimi Raikkonen given three-place penalty and down to 10th Lewis Hamilton fourth fastest in Mercedes
CNN  -- The road back to the top of world golf is proving to be a long and arduous one for former world No. 1 Tiger Woods . But a legend of the game has seen enough in the 14-time major winner 's recent game to suggest he is closing in on his best form . Ahead of the annual PGA Tour tournament he hosts at the Bay Hill Club in Florida , seven-time major champion Arnold Palmer warned the field at this weekend 's event to be wary of a revitalized Woods . Woods still a force in video-game world "  I 'm watching him swing and I 'm watching him play , and I see some moments of the old-fashioned Tiger that are very good , " the 82-year-old Palmer told reporters . "  So you know , if I were making a prediction , I would say , look out , because one of these days , he 's going to come back and play pretty good golf . " Woods has been plagued by knee and Achilles injuries in recent years , as well as going through a high-profile divorce after details of his extra-marital affairs emerged in late 2009 . But , having slipped outside the world 's top-50 rankings in October last year , he won the unsanctioned Chevron World Challenge event he hosts in December and then finished tied for third at the Abu Dhabi Golf Championship in January -- his debut event for 2012 . However , the 36-year-old was hampered by an Achilles complaint at the recent World Golf Championship event at Doral , where he pulled out midway through the final round . There were initial fears the injury could force Woods out of the Masters , where he has worn the fabled Green Jacket on four occasions , but those concerns were allayed when he played in the Tavistock Cup earlier this week . Woods played a practice round at Augusta on Sunday , before pulling up while preparing for the Arnold Palmer Invitational -- which he has won six times -- after being distracted by a photographer during his downswing . "  I guess one of the so-called professional photographers took a picture right in the middle of my downswing , " Woods told reporters . "  I stopped it , and then felt a pretty good twinge in my back . "  I walked it off and then tried to hit one down there , hit it in the fairway , but it did n't feel very good . But after a couple of holes it loosened up and I 'm good to go now . " Woods has been paired with U.S. Ryder Cup teammate Hunter Mahan and three-time major winner Ernie Els for Thursday 's first round at Bay Hill and he is feeling confident after his outing at the Tavistock Cup . "  That 's one of the reasons why I played Tavistock , " he said . "  It felt great at Augusta , and that was the test . I played Tavistock because of that test , and here I am ready to go . "	Arnold Palmer says Tiger Woods is showing signs of returning to top form Woods is playing in the annual Bay Hill tournament Palmer hosts this weekend 14-time major winner Woods has been hampered by an Achilles injury in recent times The American has won the Arnold Palmer Invitational on six occasions
Paris  CNN  -- Dominique Strauss-Kahn , the former International Monetary Fund chief who was at one time accused of sexually assaulting a hotel maid in New York , is threatening to sue a Belgian sex club using the initials "  D.S.K. " The Dodo Sex Klub is due to open Wednesday in Blaton , a town on the Belgian-French border . Strauss-Kahn is often referred to as "  DSK , " especially by the French media . The former head of the IMF "  will take all legal measures necessary to cease the smearing of his name , " according to a statement released by five French and Belgian lawyers . Strauss-Kahn 's attorney had no further comment when contacted by CNN . The club 's owner , Dominique Alderweireld , owns a string of prostitution houses in Belgium . And he 's no stranger to Strauss-Kahn . Later this year , Alderweireld will be on trial , along with Strauss-Kahn , on charges of "  aggravated pimping " for their alleged participation in a prostitution ring at the Hotel Carlton in Lille , in northern France . In 2011 , a maid at New York 's Sofitel Hotel accused Strauss-Kahn of trying to force himself on her when she came to clean his room . He was indicted on seven counts , including sexual assault and attempted rape , but all the charges were dropped after prosecutors found inconsistencies in the woman 's story . The woman later filed a civil lawsuit against Strauss-Kahn . The two reached a settlement in 2012 , but the terms were not disclosed .	Strauss-Kahn was accused of sexually assaulting a hotel maid in New York in 2011 He was indicted on seven counts , including criminal sexual acts and sexual abuse The charges were dropped , but the maid filed a civil lawsuit and settled for undisclosed amount
CNN  -- The United States has created a "  zone of impunity " by rarely investigating private contractors involved in the unlawful killing of civilians in Afghanistan and Iraq , a U.N. human rights envoy said . Civil rights activists protest the use of unmanned U.S. drones in Pakistan . The U.S. government should track the number of civilians killed in its military operations abroad and limit collateral damage from unmanned drone attacks , Special Investigator Philip Alston said in a stinging report submitted Wednesday to the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva , Switzerland . "  The government has failed to effectively investigate and punish lower-ranking soldiers for such deaths , and has not held senior officers responsible , " Alston said . "  Worse , it has effectively created a zone of impunity for private contractors and civilian intelligence agents by only rarely investigating and prosecuting them . " Alston recommended that the United States establish a national commission to independently look into the policies and practices that are leading to the deaths . He also urged that an independent special prosecutor be charged with pursuing criminal allegations against government officials accused of wrongdoing . "  First , the government has failed to track and make public the number of civilian casualties , or the conditions under which deaths occurred , " he said . "  Second , the military justice system fails to provide ordinary people , including U.S. citizens and families of Iraqi and Afghan victims , basic information on the status of investigations into civilian casualties or prosecutions resulting therefrom . " Alston called the United States ' reliance on pilotless missile-carrying aircraft "  increasingly common " and "  deeply troubling . " U.S. forces operating in Afghanistan have used drones to attack militant targets in Pakistan . Pakistan has said the attacks have claimed hundreds of civilian lives . Mark Cassayre , the American representative to the U.N. Human Rights Council , said U.S. military and intelligence operations during armed conflict did not fall within the special investigator 's mandate . Alston is the special investigator on extrajudicial , summary or arbitrary executions . "  We wish to be clear that the prosecution of private contractors who commit crimes is an important priority of the Department of Justice , and despite the difficulty of these cases , the United States continues to attempt to bring private contractor cases to justice , " Cassayre said .	U.N. envoy rips U.S. over investigation into drone attacks overseas Private contractors protected by "  zone of impunity , " envoy says Pakistan claims drone attacks have killed hundreds
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Rescuers have found the bodies of 28 workers buried in a coal mine , authorities said Thursday , dimming hopes for two more missing days after an explosion rocked the facility in northern Turkey . The miners were trapped Monday after a mysterious explosion rocked the sprawling state-owned coal mine near the Black Sea port of Zonguldak . Hundreds of rescue workers scrambled to cut through fallen rubble to reach the victims trapped in a shaft 540 meters underground . Energy Minister Taner Yildiz said crews were still searching for the two remaining victims . "  We believe they died from carbon monoxide poisoning when the accident happened , but we are not sure yet , " Yildiz said in a live appearance on Turkish television . Relatives of the victims have been holding a vigil in a tent near the entrance to the coal mine . Turkish President Abdullah Gul issued a statement on his web site Wednesday calling for an investigation into the cause of the explosion . "  Our president instructed the State Inspection Council to start research and investigation into the accidents that happened in te mining sector during the recent period that caused casualties and injuries , and deeply affected the public , " the statement said . The accident devastated a community that relied on nearly minimum-wage mining jobs to make ends meet . "  This is a mining town with a mining tradition , " Taci Alkaya , the head of the mine worker 's union in Zonguldak , told CNN by phone . "  Families always have more than one miner in a household . Often the jobs pass from father to son . " Alkaya said the mine in question worked 24 hours a day , with three to four alternating shifts . He added that the 28 miners likely earned between 800 Turkish lira  $ 550  and 1000 Turkish lira  $ 684  a month . Though the facility is state-owned , the miners killed were working for a private company contracted to fulfill a specific job in the mine . Turkish labor unions have denounced the practice of hiring private contractors , questioning their safety standards . "  The practice of contracting jobs to private companies in state-owned mines should be stopped immediately , " said a statement from the secretary general of DISK , one of Turkey 's largest federations of labor unions , in the wake of the Zonguldak disaster . This is the third major accident to shake Turkey 's mining industry in 6 months . Nineteen miners died in a methane gas explosion in the western province of Bursa in December . In February , 13 miners died after a similar explosion hit a mine in Balikesir .	Energy Minister says crews are still searching for two remaining victims NEW : Turkish President Abdullah Gul calls for an investigation Miners trapped after blast rocked coal mine near Black Sea port of Zonguldak This is the third major accident to shake Turkey 's mining industry
CNN  -- A high school valedictorian 's plans to study medicine at a California state university have run headlong into the federal government 's attempts to return him and his family to Armenia . Arthur Mkoyan , 17 , was 2 years old when his family came to the United States . "  I have n't been in Armenia since I was 2 , so I do n't really know anything about the place , " said Arthur Mkoyan , 17 . "  All I 've seen is just videos my mom has watched on the Internet . " Mkoyan 's long-term plans were turned upside down one morning in April when two immigration officers arrived at the door of his family 's house . "  They took both of my parents , and they released my mom because she had to take care of us , since me and my brother are minors , " he recalled . "  But instead they took my dad away to a detention center in Arizona . " Mkoyan , who has a grade-point average above 4.0 -- extra credit for Advanced Placement classes makes that possible -- is set to graduate next week from Bullard High School in Fresno , California . Watch students from Arthur 's school talk about his case " Ten days later , Immigration and Customs Enforcement plans to deport him and his family to the Armenian capital city of Yerevan , the same city his family fled in fear 16 years ago . Back then , Mkoyan 's father , Ruben Mkoian  he and his son spell their last names differently  , was a sergeant in an Armenian equivalent of a department of motor vehicles , according to a court document . "  He was approached with a bribe to register stolen vehicles . He refused . A co-worker took the bribe . Mkoian reported the incident to the chief of the DMV , who told him to mind his own business , " the document states . "  Subsequently , he and his family were subjected to attacks he believed were attempts to silence him about corruption at the DMV . " In what the family considers one such attempt , their house was set on fire in 1992 . That led the father to send his family to Russia and then to the United States , Arthur Mkoyan said . They arrived in the United States in 1995 on six-month tourist visas , according to Virginia Kice , a public information officer with Immigration and Customs Enforcement . The family settled in Fresno , where Mkoian worked as a truck driver and his wife worked in a jewelry store . They set about living their lives , which soon included a younger brother for Arthur . But after the visas expired , the family 's application to remain in the United States was denied . In 2002 , an immigration judge ruled that they had no legal basis to remain in the country , Kice said . After their application to the Board of Immigration Appeals was rejected , the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals last year denied their petition for a hearing . The court was unpersuaded by the father 's assertion that he might still be subject to reprisal if he were to return . "  Mkoian 's fear that Armenian officials would be unable or unwilling to protect him seems unfounded because he provided little evidence that they were unable or unwilling to protect him in the past , " the appeals court said . To Kice , it 's a simple matter of enforcing the law . "  I would remind people that this family had ample access to due process , " she said . "  The case has been in litigation for more than 10 years . Immigration experts on every level determined that they had no legal basis to be in the United States . " She noted that the government agreed to delay their deportation so Arthur can graduate with his class . Arthur 's schoolmates at Bullard are shocked that his academic achievements have n't helped his case . "  It 's really hard to get good grades in this school , " freshman Alex Stewart told affiliate KGPE . "  It 's a challenging school , so to get a 4.0 , you really got ta try . " Still , a longer-term reprieve remains possible , if unlikely . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , may attempt to pass a "  private bill " that would allow the family to remain in the United States . "  Our office is looking into the case , " said Scott Gerber , a spokesman for the senator . But the odds against it are long . There is "  almost no chance " that the family 's quest for a private bill will succeed , said Daniel Kowalski , editor-in-chief of Bender 's Immigration Bulletin . "  Very few are being passed , " he said . In fact , of the 21 private immigration bills introduced last year , none was enacted . In 2006 , 117 were introduced , and none was enacted ; in 2005 , 98 were introduced , and four were enacted . But the filing itself would buy the family time , since it suspends any efforts to deport the family until the bill 's fate is determined . Arthur appeared undaunted . He appealed to a reporter to publicize his e-mail address  artmkoyan@gmail.com  so he can forward any letters of support to Feinstein . Meanwhile , the academic skills he has displayed in Fresno may not easily translate to college in Armenia . Arthur said he understands only a few words of Armenian .	Arthur Mkoyan , 17 , and his family are set for deportation 10 days after graduation The family says they left Armenia in 1992 fearing for their lives Immigration and Customs Enforcement says the family has no legal basis to stay
CNN  -- Harvard University moved Thursday to allow ROTC programs to set up on campus , after years of restricting the U.S. military 's access because of its "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . The Cambridge , Massachusetts , school barred Reserve Officers ' Training Corps programs from being based on its campus 40 years ago , at the height of the Vietnam War . For more than a decade , university leaders -- among them , former law school dean and current U.S. Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan -- have cited the military 's policy prohibiting gays and lesbians from serving openly as the chief rationale for continuing the ban . Harvard President Drew Faust cited the recent decision to overturn that policy as the genesis for the university 's new tact . She will sign an agreement Friday with Navy Secretary Ray Mabus to re-establish a home for ROTC on campus , the school announced in a press release . "  Our renewed relationship affirms the vital role that the members of our armed forces play in serving the nation and securing our freedoms , while also affirming inclusion and opportunity as powerful American ideals , " Faust said in the statement . The full , formal recognition will take effect once repeal of the so-called "  do n't ask , do n't tell " law , which had made it against military policy for homosexuals to serve openly , is complete this summer , according to the release . Harvard will appoint a director for the Navy ROTC program and take over direct financial responsibility for the cost of students to participate in the program . Congress voted to repeal the policy in December , setting off a three-part process . Last month , for instance , all four branches of the U.S. military began training required as part of the repeal . The university is setting up a committee , to be chaired by professor Kevin "  Kit " Parker , a U.S. Army Reserve captain who served three tours in Afghanistan , to look into a host of issues , including bringing other military branches back onto campus . Harvard was one of the first six educational institutions , in 1926 , to host Naval ROTC programs , the Navy noted in a release . Once the change goes into effect , active-duty Navy and Marines personnel will meet on campus with students participating in the ROTC program . "  Navy  ROTC 's return to Harvard is good for the university , good for the military , and good for the country , " said Mabus , in a statement from the Navy . "  With exposure comes understanding , and through understanding comes strength . " Harvard 's own policy regarding ROTC on campus was the subject of national attention eight months ago , when Kagan -- who was then a nominee for the high court -- came under criticism by Republican senators who complained that she actively tried to block military recruiters from Harvard Law School when she was dean . Kagan and the White House strongly defended her actions , saying that while she opposed the military 's policy , Kagan never kept recruiters off the university . Four months after taking the job as Harvard 's dean , in October 2003 , Kagan sent a campus-wide email to students saying that to give recruiters equal access to the campus "  causes me deep distress . I abhor the military 's discriminatory recruitment policy . " She called the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy "  a profound wrong -- a moral injustice of the first order . " CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : The Navy secretary calls the move "  good for the university , good for the military " Harvard 's president and the Navy secretary will sign a deal to return ROTC to campus The school had banned ROTC , in part due to opposition to the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy Change will take effect this summer , once the repeal is implemented by the military
Washington  CNN  -- As President Obama is set to take stock of the nation during his State of the Union address Tuesday , a civil engineers group gives the U.S. transportation system low grades . For example , the nation 's bridges . Most of us do n't think much about bridges until one we need is closed or is damaged or collapses , as the I-35W one did in Minneapolis in 2007 , killing 13 people . Yet engineers all over the country who really know about such things say we ought to be thinking about bridges a lot more . And here is something we should consider : One in four of our bridges is either in need of repair or obsolete in terms of handling modern traffic and loads . That startling fact comes from the American Society of Civil Engineers , which every few years consults with dozens of the nation 's experts on all sorts of infrastructure matters . The society gives U.S. bridges a grade of C. And bridges are n't the only problem in what we could call the State of the Union 's Infrastructure . Roads , airports , water supplies , railways , dams , schools and on and on it goes ; all are , according to the engineers ' latest report in 2009 , in pretty dire shape . The amount of air travel in the U.S. increased by 7 % last year , but an overhaul of the air travel infrastructure is long overdue , according to the American Society of Civil Engineers . The group gave the nation 's aviation system a grade of D. Compared with trucks , railways are much more efficient for moving goods : using about 20 % less energy per mile if used properly . But comparatively little has been invested in expanding U.S. railroad capacity . Rail gets a C minus . What is the state of your community ? Tell us Consider this : Although a steady drinking water supply is crucial to even the most basic success , water systems nationwide are so old and decrepit that the American Society of Civil Engineers estimates 7 billion gallons of drinking water are being lost through leaky pipes every day . How can America save crumbling water delivery systems ? Inland shipping along canals and rivers keeps millions of American homes warm with coal and families fed with grains such as wheat and corn . But locks on canals and rivers , which were made to last only 50 years , are now on average 60 years old . Navigable waterways get a D minus from the civil engineers . See details of the ASCE report card Public transit use grew 25 percent in the past 10 years , and yet fully half of all Americans have no access to commuter buses or trains ; many more have sketchy access at best . You get the picture . However , it may be a little harder to see the multiplying effect . Experts at the American Society of Civil Engineers point out that for each year that these infrastructure problems are not addressed , they grow exponentially worse . It 's kind of like a leak in the roof . It may be painful to pay for new shingles when the leak is small , but if you wait until it expands and soaks the walls and floors below , the damage and cost will be much , much harder to bear . In recent years , many politicians have started talking much more seriously about infrastructure problems , but when faced with a stumbling economy , they are finding it harder than ever before to lean into big-ticket repairs . After all , until the day comes that a bridge falls down , it often looks just fine . The problem is , no one really knows which day that will be .	Society of civil engineers gives U.S. low grades for transportation infrastructure Air travel infrastructure overhaul is long overdue , while traffic increased by 7 % last year Half of all Americans have no access to commuter buses or trains The longer these problems go unaddressed , the worse they grow
CNN  -- The chief prosecutor for the International Criminal Court requested authorization Thursday to open an investigation into possible war crimes and crimes against humanity committed in Ivory Coast during months of post-election turmoil . In his application to the judges for authorization , prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo cited sources who said at least 3,000 people were killed , 72 people disappeared and 520 others were subject to arbitrary arrest and detentions since the November 28 election that resulted in dispute . Incumbent Laurent Gbagbo refused to cede power even though challenger Alassane Ouattara was recognized as the winner . Months of bloodshed ensued , the political stalemate settled by Gbagbo 's capture in April . The prosecutor 's office said sources also reported 100 cases of rape , though the number of unreported incidents is thought to be considerably higher . "  The reports quoted by the prosecution provide reasonable basis to believe that pro-Gbagbo forces and pro-Ouattara forces committed crimes falling under the jurisdiction of the ICC , " said a court statement Thursday . The court said this was the first time it may open a case in a nation that is not a party to the Rome Statute , the treaty that established the International Criminal Court . But Ivory Coast has accepted the jurisdiction of the court . "  President Ouattara sent a letter urging the prosecution to open the investigation and he is working closely with the regional organization ECOWAS to make sure that crimes do not go unpunished , " the court 's statement said . Human Rights Watch urged the court to go beyond the latest wave of violence and look into other possible crimes committed during years of conflict and civil war . "  The ICC prosecutor 's decision underscores the importance of holding perpetrators to account for  Ivory Coast 's  deadly spate of post-election violence , " said Elise Keppler , senior international justice counsel at Human Rights Watch . The global monitoring group said human rights abuses began with violence-marred elections in 2000 and continued in a subsequent armed conflict . It said cases of murder , sexual violence and the use of child soldiers have been documented under the control of Gbagbo and the current prime minister , Guillaume Soro . "  No one has been credibly prosecuted for the crimes during this period , and a 2004 U.N. Commission of Inquiry report on crimes during the 2002-2003 conflict also has been kept secret , " a Human Rights Watch statement said . Regardless of actions taken by the International Criminal Court , fair and impartial domestic trials will be of utmost importance , the rights group said .	The prosecutor asked the judges to authorize a probe In the application , sources said 3,000 people were killed Months of bloodshed followed a disputed November election Human Rights Watch urged a probe into earlier violence as well
BEIJING , China -- As Wimbledon 2009 gets under way this week , sports commentators and tennis aficionados will closely watch China 's tennis superstar , Zheng Jie . China 's Zheng Jie during her semifinal tennis match against Serena Williams at Wimbledon She is one of the seeded players who could steal the limelight in women 's singles . If she does -- she won her first preliminary match on Monday -- it wo n't be the first time . Zheng captured the hearts of many at Wimbledon last year when she beat top-seed Ana Ivanovic in the third round . "  Ana is the world number one player , I won over her and that gave me a so much confidence , " she told CNN , recalling one of the biggest upsets in Wimbledon history . "  With that confidence I played into the semifinals , " the diminutive player added . Her remarkable run stumped some commentators who could barely pronounce her name ,  her surname is pronounced "  Jung " , her first name "  Gee-yeah "  so unknown was the wild card ranked 133rd in the world . It was a fairytale story for the Sichuan native , who became the first wildcard to reach the semis of the women 's singles at Wimbledon . Her performances inspired her country , with more than 100 million Chinese watching the live TV coverage of her semifinal match against America 's Serena Williams . Though Zheng lost , it was by far the best performance ever by a Chinese player at a major . "  When I returned to China , I was welcomed by a huge crowd at the airport , " she gushes . "  I was thrilled that I could turn so many people 's attention to tennis . " Zheng won even more points off court . She donated her Wimbledon prize money to the Sichuan earthquake relief fund and spent time helping the victims and reconstruction efforts . "  My parents and most of my friends are in Sichuan , " she said . "  I hope I can do more to help them . " Zheng learned the rudiments of tennis growing up as a child in China 's lush and rustic heartland . She was barely seven when she tried out in a local sports clinic to train for tennis , a sport her parents had never even heard of . She trained doggedly , showing speed and boundless enthusiasm . When the coaches chose two from the scores of trainees , they selected her -- along with Yan Zi , a fellow Sichuanese and long-time women 's doubles partner . Zheng is mostly known for her women 's doubles successes partnered with Yan Zi . They have won several WTA doubles titles , including Wimbledon 2006 and the bronze medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympics . Zheng 's career path as a singles player is less straight . She started her pro tennis tour in January 2003 and by the end of that year , she had moved into the world 's top 100 . By 2005 , she ranked 42nd . But she suffered an ankle injury at the 2007 French Open , forcing her to miss all events that year , including the chance to defend her Wimbledon women 's doubles title . Her world ranking plunged as she underwent rehabilitation . On the eve of Wimbledon 2008 , she was ranked 133 . "  Even though the injury made my world ranking plunge , it also made me grow up a lot , " she recalls . When she returned to competition , she carried on the court a small bottle containing the bone fragments cut from her ankle , just to remind her of how lucky she was to compete again . More accolades followed her success . Last March , Zheng got the 2008 WTA Tour "  Comeback of the Year " award for having "  rebounded from an injury-marred 2007 . " Thanks to the emergence of world-class stars like Zheng , tennis is growing rapidly in China . An affluent middle class and many top government officials have taken up the sport , boosting its social status and commercial appeal . Tennis courts have sprouted in major cities while academies are attracting youths who idolize super-stars like Roger Federer , Serena Williams and local standouts like Zheng Jie . Zheng 's success -- she is said to have earned over $ 1.8 million in prize money as a pro -- has also helped put the spotlight on tennis , attracting wider TV coverage and lucrative commercial endorsements . "  I really like playing tennis and I was ambitious , " she told CNN about her youth . "  If you say I ca n't make it , I 'll prove to you that I can . " With Zheng 's mental toughness and will to win , Wimbledon fans may have to get used to hearing her name , properly pronounced "  Jung Gee-yeah " .	Zheng Jie reached the semifinals of Wimbledon last year as a wildcard entry She donated her prize money to the Sichuan earthquake relief fund 100 million viewers tuned in to watch her semifinal game in China
CNN  -- People of the Internet , make yourself comfortable on the couch . Google would like to psychoanalyze you . OK , not really . But an interactive doodle on Google 's search page Friday invited users to take a Rorschach test . Traditionally the test requires a person to look at a series of abstract inkblots and describe what they see . Some mental-health experts believe the answers can reveal personality characteristics and disorders . The doodle celebrates the 129th birthday of Hermann Rorschach , the Swiss psychoanalyst who developed the famous test . Google 's page allowed users to click through a series of inkblot images and share their interpretations of them on social media . Some ink blotches were abstract , while others clearly depicted things such as cats  this is the Internet , after all  . By mid-morning Friday , feeds on Facebook , Twitter and Google + were filling with Rorschach answers , or jokes  Rorschach , the spotted-faced character in the Watchmen graphic novel and movie , was a popular one  . Here are a few of our favorites . .	Google 's search page Friday invites users to examine inkblots and share what they see The interactive doodle celebrates the birthday of Swiss psychoanalyst Hermann Rorschach People were sharing their interpretations -- and jokes -- across social media Psychiatrists have used the Rorschach test to examine personality characteristics
CNN  -- Former world number one Tiger Woods missed the cut for only the third time in a major tournament as American duo Jason Dufner and Keegan Bradley lead the way after the second round of the U.S. PGA at Johns Creek , Atlanta . Woods , who is playing only his second tournament after four months out with injuries to his left leg , carded a three-over-par 73 to go with his opening 77 for a 36-hole total of 150  +10  , six shots off the cut . The 35-year-old , who has won 14 majors , has previously failed to make the final two rounds at the 2006 U.S. Open and the 2009 British Open , and on this occasion it means he will not be able to compete in the PGA Tour playoffs for the FedExCup . Bobby Jones : The gentleman who shaped modern golf Only the top 125 players in this year 's rankings are eligible to compete and the world number 30 was ranked 129th prior to the start of the tournament . "  I 'll have nothing to do now but work on my game , " Woods told the PGA Tour website after confirming he will not play until November 's JBWere Masters in Australia . "  Sean Foley  coach  and I have n't had the opportunity to really sit down and do a lot of work , so this will be our time . " Woods , who recorded five double bogeys over two rounds for the first time in any tournament , added : "  I showed signs that I can hit the ball exactly how I know I can but unfortunately I just did n't do it enough times . "  This year has been frustrating because I was feeling healthy going into the Masters , put it together there , and was leading the tournament with a few holes to go . "  Then obviously I got hurt and I have n't played since , really . I have not been able to practice and work and obviously compete . " Woods was not the only big name player to miss the cut on a day when some of the PGA Tour 's lesser lights shone . World number three and defending champion Martin Kaymer was the biggest casualty , missing out by a single shot after rounds of 72 and 73 . Top overseas players Angel Cabrera , Justin Rose , Ernie Els , Geoff Ogilvy , Louis Oosthuizen , Vijay Singh , Jose Maria Olazabal , Graeme McDowell and British Open champion Darren Clarke are also all on their way home . Meanwhile , top American names Anthony Kim , Dustin Johnson , John Daly and Lucas Glover will not be returning for the final two days . However , home players are dominating proceedings at the other end , with Bradley carding a best-of-the-day six-under 64 to share the lead with Dufner , who posted a 65 , on 135  -5  . The 34-year-old Dufner , who has never won on the PGA Tour , is a surprise leader having missed five of his last six cuts , but 25-year-old rookie Bradley has been a revelation in his first season , winning the prestigious Byron Nelson Classic earlier this year . The pair hold a one-stroke lead over compatriots Jim Furyk , Scott Verplank and D.A. Points , along with Australian John Senden . A further four players , including leading European Anders Hansen of Denmark and overnight leader Steve Stricker -- who followed up his opening 63 with a disappointing 74 -- are another shot behind . Last week 's Bridgestone Invitational winner Adam Scott is among three players just three shots off the lead , while world No. 2 Lee Westwood is four off the pace after a 68 and world No. 1 Luke Donald is six behind after carding a 71 .	Tiger Woods misses the cut at the U.S. PGA Championship on 10-over The former world number one finishes six shots away from making the cut It is only the third time Woods has missed the cut in a major tournament Jason Dufner and Keegan Bradley lead the way on five-under after 36 holes
New York  CNN  -- A New York judge released Dominique Strauss-Kahn from house arrest Friday , after prosecutors presented evidence questioning the credibility of the hotel maid who accused the former International Monetary Fund chief of sexual assault . The alleged victim , a 32-year-old immigrant from Guinea , admitted to prosecutors that she lied about the specifics of her whereabouts following the incident , the details of an asylum application and information she put on tax forms , according to documents filed in court Friday by prosecutors . But while the case has taken a dramatic turn , it has not been dismissed , said Manhattan District Attorney Cy Vance . The indictment and charges -- including criminal sexual acts and sexual abuse -- against Strauss-Kahn , 62 , still stand , Vance said . His lawyers said the alleged victim told "  substantial lies about her own background and the facts of this case . " Defense attorney Benjamin Brafman commended Vance for doing what he said was appropriate . "  We believed from the beginning that this case was not what it appeared to be , " he said . "  We are absolutely convinced that while today is a first giant step in the right direction , the next step will lead to a complete dismissal of the charges . " Strauss-Kahn 's release significantly eases the extraordinary bail conditions that had been previously ordered . The French financier had been released from jail on $ 6 million bail but was under house arrest in a luxury townhouse in Manhattan 's Tribeca neighborhood . He was paying roughly $ 250,000 a month for court-ordered 24-hour armed guards posted at the townhouse . The presiding judge said authorities will continue to withhold Strauss-Kahn 's passport but that he is free to travel in the United States . The stunning twist in the case came after prosecutors , in the course of their investigation , discovered that the alleged victim had not been truthful in a variety of topics regarding her history and circumstances , prosecutors said in a letter submitted to the court . Prosecutors said the woman admitted lying in her application for asylum in the United States and that she had been a victim of a gang rape , providing details of that attack . She cried when she first told prosecutors about the rape but in a subsequent interview , she admitted the gang rape never occurred . She said the fabricated account on the asylum application was made with the assistance of a man who "  provided her with a cassette recording of the facts " so that she could memorize them . The woman told prosecutors that she has declared the child of a friend as her own dependent on her tax return in order to receive a larger refund . She "  also admitted to misrepresenting her income in order to maintain her present housing , " the prosecutors said . After the alleged hotel assault , the woman told prosecutors that she "  fled to an area of the main hallway of the hotel 's 28th floor and waited there until she observed the defendant leave , " the prosecutors said . She said she then reported the incident to her supervisor . But in subsequent interviews , the woman admitted her testimony before the Grand Jury was false ; that she "  proceeded to clean a nearby room , and then returned to Suite 2806  the room occupied by Strauss-Kahn  and began to clean the suite before she reported the incident to her supervisor . " In angry remarks delivered outside the courthouse , the woman 's attorney , Kenneth Thompson , admitted problems with his client 's credibility , but the bottom line , he said was that she was attacked . "  That was true the day it happened and it is true today , " he said , describing in chilling detail the account the woman gave of her attack and the bruising on her body . "  She has described that sexual assault many times to the prosecutors and to me . And she has never once changed a single thing about that account . " The development is particularly stunning given prior statements by New York authorities , who spoke forcefully about the accuser 's credibility , and it leaves the felony case against Strauss-Kahn teetering on collapse , despite incontrovertible DNA evidence of sexual contact recovered from the hotel suite . "  It 's just an extraordinary , extraordinary development considering this case was brought with such great fanfare by the Manhattan district attorney and they very loudly trumpeted the credibility of the accuser , " said Jeffrey Toobin , CNN 's senior legal analyst . "  What makes it even more extraordinary is that the  DNA  evidence apparently shows a sexual encounter between Dominique Strauss-Kahn and the woman who is the maid . Yet even with DNA evidence , the prosecution is considering dropping the case . That shows how bad her credibility may be . " Kenneth Thompson , her attorney , said allegations about the woman 's involvement in drugs , published in The New York Times , are a lie , adding that Manhattan District Attorney Vance was afraid of losing the high-profile case . Thompson also said one of Vance 's top aides is married to an individual connected Strauss-Kahn 's defense team , creating an untenable conflict of interest in the case . Vance told reporters Friday that Strauss-Kahn 's release did not dismiss the indictment or any of the charges against the former IMF chief , though he did not address Thompson 's accusations of impropriety . The implications of the case are far reaching , especially in France , where before his arrest , Strauss-Kahn was considered a viable candidate in France 's presidential election . The turnaround in the case comes just ahead of the July 13 filing deadline for the French presidential primaries . If the case collapses , Strauss-Kahn theoretically has enough time to file . His supporters would still like to see him run , though some Parisians interviewed on the streets Friday said even if Strauss-Kahn was cleared of wrongdoing , it was too late for him to seek office this go-around . Still , many in France felt vindicated over concerns that New York prosecutors were perhaps over zealous and that there had been a rush to judgment . They were shocked by widely broadcast footage of Strauss-Kahn in handcuffs in May , since a French law passed in 2000 prohibits the publication of images of suspects in handcuffs or in court in order to protect defendants ' presumption of innocence . Jack Lang , France 's former minister of culture and education , said he was very happy about the latest developments -- and hoped to see his fellow Socialist party politician make a comeback . "  If the prosecutor and the court decide to declare the innocence of DSK , it will be a good day -- a good day for Dominique himself , a good day for American justice , a good day for France and a good day for the Left , " he said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti in New York and Jim Bittermann and Saskya Vandoorne in Paris contributed to this report .	The case has changed dramatically but has not been dismissed Dominique Strauss-Kahn 's release came after his accuser 's credibility was doubted Prosecutors disclosed that the alleged victim told them she lied about several matters Despite DNA evidence , prosecutors now have doubts about the case
CNN  -- "  Shh ... shh get back , " the man with the walkie-talkie said . "  We 're filming . " Contadora , one of Panama 's Pearl Islands , draws visitors with beautiful beaches and excellent snorkeling . We had stumbled onto the set of a "  Survivor " - like television show . But I 'm getting ahead of myself . First let me tell you how we stumbled onto the Pearl Islands in Panama , and then I 'll tell you how we came upon the Orange Tribe on the island of Mogo Mogo . Every year , my husband and I take my niece on a summer vacation . This year , we decided to go to Panama . Besides the canal , Panama has a lot to offer : There are mountains , beaches , colonial cities and rain forests . After we found a $ 158 round trip flight from Miami , Florida , the decision was made . My only fear was the weather ; it was rainy season in Central America . After weeks of research , I was torn . We had enough time to visit one set of islands , and there were two island chains that I was having a hard time choosing between . The San Blas Islands are off the northeast coast of Panama in the Caribbean . They 're also known as Kuna Yala and are home to the Kuna Indians . It would be a chance to see the Kunas up close , living as they have for centuries in grass huts along the water 's edge . The other option was the Pearl Islands . The Archipiélago de las Perlas , less well-known than the San Blas , is off the southern Pacific coast of Panama . After an agonizing week of self-debate , I decided that our summer vacation would include a trip to the Pearl Islands . The flight was only 20 minutes from Panama City , but more importantly , I was told it did n't rain as much on the Pacific side . The sales pitch to my niece : "  We are going to where the 2003 edition of ` Survivor ' and ` Survivor : All-Stars ' were filmed . " I was referring to the popular American reality TV show , and I did n't realize that dozens of other countries had their own versions . I admit my destination choice was not as educational as a few days with the Kuna Indians , but I thought it would be better than being rained in with a bored teenager . After a short flight from Panama City in a puddle jumper , we were on the island of Contadora , one of hundreds that make up the Pearl Islands and one of three that can be reached by commercial flight . It 's a tiny island with a handful of places to stay and even fewer places to get a meal . Golf carts , the primary mode of transportation , can be rented upon arrival . All of Contadora 's entertainment is provided by the sea . It 's a beach bum 's paradise . If you are a beach bum and a reality TV fan , you can sit on the sand and watch props being built for the contestants ' challenges . It 's probably the best set shop in the world , or at least the one with the nicest view . But the Pearl Islands offer more than just an exotic TV set . For $ 30 an hour , you can go snorkeling and island hopping in a small but comfortable wooden fishing boat . We found Niño , our boat captain and guide , on Playa Larga , the beach in front of the Contadora Beach Resort . We did some of the best snorkeling I 've ever done anywhere in the world . After a morning of fantastic snorkeling , I asked Niño where "  Survivor " was filmed . "  Close by . I will take you there , " he said . Niño took us to Mogo Mogo , one of many uninhabited islands just off the shore of Contadora . As the island 's white sandy beaches came into sight , we noticed a clearing where people were putting finishing touches on what looked like a game for contestants . Our boat captain told us it was for "  Desafío "  "  Challenge "  , a Colombian version of the popular reality show . The word on Contadora was that a few countries  Bulgaria , Serbia and Israel , to name a few  were either finishing filming "  Survivor " - type shows or starting new seasons . A representative for the Panamanian Institute of Tourism told me the government had limited information on the filming and could not confirm the word on the street . We jumped out of the boat , waded through the clear , warm blue water and onto Mogo Mogo , unacknowledged as work continued on the wooden set . Noticing a well-worn path , we decided to check out the rest of the island . We thought we were alone when we reached the beach on the other side . But as we walked down what we thought was a deserted beach , we spotted an orange flag in the sand . We knew the American "  Survivor " was filmed on this island , but we did not expect to be standing in front of contestants in orange buffs , sitting on a log in the shade . This is when the man with the walkie-talkie shushed us because they were filming . The locals talk about the shows and the many countries they hail from , but they do n't seem to capitalize on the "  Survivor " fame . Contadora locals certainly make money off the film staff , medics and contestants , but evidently they have n't printed the T-shirts yet . The only shirts we saw were on the backs of others that identified them as "  Survivor Crew . " Perhaps a true fan could purchase a shirt directly off someone 's back . The island is only so big , and you are bound to run into a crew from some country . One night , we were the only non-reality show customers in Gerald 's restaurant , a popular place for beer and pizza . After our innocent but failed attempt at a guest appearance on "  Desafío , " we returned to the basic comforts on Contadora . That night , as we relaxed in a restaurant -- cold drinks in hand , a warm hearty meal just ordered -- darkness fell . The rain , as it often does in the tropics , started coming down in sheets . I leaned back and thought to myself , "  If I was a contestant , tonight I would vote myself off of Mogo Mogo . "	"  Survivor " and similar shows have been filmed on Panama 's Pearl Islands The island of Contadora is a 20-minute flight from Panama City Beaches and marine exploration are the main sources of entertainment
New York  CNN  -- A forensics team at the Maine State Police lab is analyzing items found in Waterville that could be connected to the case of Maine toddler Ayla Reynolds , who disappeared from her home in December , according to a spokesman for the Maine State Police . "  They were found yesterday  Wednesday  by a worker behind the old Hathaway complex , " Maine State Police spokesman Stephen McCausland told CNN . The building is now an office complex that formerly housed a Hathaway clothing factory . He refused to describe the items or say how many were recovered . The worker called police to report the items and have them collected on Wednesday morning after making the discovery . "  We have no false expectations out there , " McCausland said when asked whether the items are linked to Ayla Reynolds . "  We do n't know if the items are connected , or what this is , " he added . McCausland says a worker found the items in a sluiceway , a channel that handles runoff from the Kennebec River that separates Waterville , where the little girl lived , from Winslow to the east . There 's a dam nearby the scene . Police divers searched that part of the river before , McCausland said . "  We dived it twice , if not in that specific spot , " he added . Divers scour frigid waters for missing Maine toddler He says the discovery is among "  hundreds of other items " recovered that are also being processed by the state police crime lab in Augusta , Maine . Ayla was 20 months old when she went missing from her grandmother 's Waterville home while in the care of her father . Ayla 's father , Justin DiPietro , told police he put his daughter to bed at 8 p.m. December 16 in the first-floor bedroom . He called police the next morning , just before 9 a.m. to report her missing . No arrests have been made related to Ayla 's disappearance , and no one has been identified as a suspect .	Forensics team in Maine analyzing items found behind office complex in Waterville They hope to determine whether they are linked to missing Ayla Reynolds Maine police refused to describe the items or say how many were recovered Ayla was 20 months old when she went missing in December
CNN  -- Pakistan is blocking access to Facebook in response to an online group calling on people to draw the Prophet Mohammed , officials said Wednesday . The Pakistan Telecommunication Authority issued the order a day before "  Everybody Draw Mohammed Day , " scheduled by a Facebook group with the same name . "  Obviously  the blocking of Facebook  is related to the objectionable material that was placed on Facebook . That is why it is blocked , " said Khoram Ali Mehran of the telecommunication authority . "  We have blocked it for an indefinite amount of time . We are just following the government 's instructions and the ruling of the Lahore High Court . If the government decides to unblock it , then that 's what we will do , " he said . The organization has not received any complaints from internet users about the blocking of Facebook , he said . Devout Muslims consider it offensive to depict Mohammed . There were riots around the world in response to a series of cartoons of Mohammed in a Danish newspaper in 2005 , and at least two European cartoonists live under police protection after publication of their drawings of the Muslim prophet . Mimi Sulpovar , who started the Facebook group , said she read about the idea on a blog after Comedy Central bleeped out part of an episode of "  South Park " that mentioned the prophet . "  This is meant to be in protest , " she said . "  This is something I have felt strongly about for a long time : Bullying by certain Muslim groups will not be tolerated in a free country , " said Sulpovar , who is American . But Ibrahim Hooper , a spokesman for the Council on American-Islamic Relations , said the idea behind the group was offensive . "  Islam discourages any visual representations of the prophets of God -- Jesus , Moses , Mohammed , anybody -- because we believe it can lead to a form of idol worship , " he said . "  The majority of Muslims worldwide object to any representation of a prophet of God , " he said . The idea of "  Draw Mohammad Day " originated with a cartoonist who has since distanced herself from the idea , Sulpovar and Hooper said . "  The whole campaign has been taken up by Muslim-bashers and Islamophobes , " Hooper said . But Sulpovar denied being anti-Muslim . "  This extends beyond being able to draw Mohammad , " she said . "  If it 's offensive to you , that 's fine , but I do n't feel it 's right to impose your belief on others through intimidation . "  This is nothing to do with hate or bigotry , " she said . "  Nobody is inciting violence or preaching open hatred towards individuals . " Sulpovar said she is not a Muslim but added that she had received "  hundreds of e-mails from people trying to explain this to me . " One group member said she saw anger and fear on both sides of the controversy but felt that free speech could not be compromised . "  This is a hot-topic debate , but so is abortion , illegal immigrants , gay marriage and politics . If we allow even a small compromise for one group , then the free speech on topics like abortion , illegal immigrants and politics can also be censored based on accusations that they cause violence or hate , " Autumn Meadows said on CNN 's iReport . "  Hate speech is wanting a group eradicated , physically harmed or dead . I dont think drawing Mohammed falls under that category , " she said . "  Islam is not above criticism or cartoons . I believe in equality , and censoring Mohammed while we can draw every other figure in the world does not equal equality , " she concluded . Sulpovar said Pakistan 's decision to block Facebook was "  ridiculous . " Facebook is investigating the block , said Debbie Frost , the company 's director of global communications . Sulpovar 's group and a similar one had attracted about 7,000 fans between them Wednesday . Groups opposing the idea had about 68,000 . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Bullying ... will not be tolerated in a free country , " group founder says NEW : Council on Islamic-American Relations calls idea offensive Ban prompted by calls for users to draw pictures of the Prophet Mohammed "  Draw Mohammed Day " was being organized by online group
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- In an effort to hold onto the few remaining places they still control in Libya , Moammar Gadhafi 's forces put up stiff resistance again Saturday as revolutionaries fought to wrest control of the loyalist strongholds of Sirte and Bani Walid . Fierce fighting erupted in the coastal city of Sirte , the birthplace of Gadhafi and home to his tribe . At least eight anti-Gadhafi fighters were killed and 31 others were wounded , said Ali Gheliwan , a spokesman for the Misrata Military Council . NATO planes , meanwhile , bombed targets in the Sirte area Friday . Gadhafi 's forces unleashed hails of gunfire , using snipers in tall buildings to target their enemies . Expected support from Sirte residents for the anti-Gadhafi forces did not materialize , as loyalists fought house to house with unexpected intensity . The revolutionaries were forced to retreat after the chaotic urban warfare . Despite such challenges , Col. Ahmed Bani of the National Transitional Council predicted it will not take long for all of Libya to be under the anti-Gadhafi forces ' control . He claimed , for instance , that Sirte 's airport and the nearby Ghardabiya air base already have switched hands . "  I can say that things will change drastically in the upcoming days in Sirte and Bani Walid , " the group 's spokesman said in his first press conference Saturday from Tripoli . Bani claimed that part of Bani Walid , another loyalist hub located in a mountainous area southeast of Tripoli , is also under anti-Gadhafi forces ' control despite stiff opposition . City residents had been fleeing ahead of the offensive , which followed a 48-hour warning . "  We were attacked by rocket-propelled grenades and snipers from the mountains , " he said . "  We repositioned , and we can say that the north is under control of our revolutionaries . " However , Salah Beniran , a field commander for anti-Gadhafi forces in Bani Walid , said Gadhafi loyalists have taken some residents hostage , "  and they are heavily armed with missiles , rocket-propelled grenades and machine-gun-mounted trucks . " "  They encircled us from the eastern front , " Beniran said . The clashes contrasted with the scene in several Sahara Desert towns more sympathetic to the revolution , where people cheered the anti-Gadhafi forces as they made their way toward the southern city of Sabha . In Shati , there was no combat ; only a peaceful transfer of power , perhaps the first in the eight-month uprising . In the morning the tiny town had been under Gadhafi 's grip . By afternoon , no more . Residents fired their guns in celebration and burned the green flags of the former regime . They welcomed the ordinary Libyans -- teachers , doctors , engineers -- who dropped everything to join the fight against Gadhafi . They were rebels once . Now they were the armed wing of Libya 's new governing body , the National Transitional Council . But the situation was different in Sabha , a diehard pro-Gadhafi city in southwestern Libya . Anti-Gadhafi forces took control of the Al-Birak air base in the city Saturday , but the battle was far from over , Bani said . "  There has been fierce fighting for a while now , " the spokesman said . "  The people in Sabha are from different tribes . There are a big number of loyalists who escaped from other cities , and they are still fighting . " Bani issued what he called a "  final call " for all Gadhafi loyalists to switch sides and join his group , warning that -- if they do not -- they risk being charged with treason . " He added he hopes Gadhafi is in one of the three cities -- Sirte , Bani Walid and Sabha -- still in the throes of heavy fighting Saturday and not yet held by his forces , so that he can be taken into custody . "  We hope he is ... so we can arrest him and give the world a break from his evils , " the colonel said . "  Up  until now , there is no certain information about his location . " As these battles continued to rage in Libya , the international community came together to pledge support for the war-torn nation 's new leaders in Tripoli . The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution Friday to establish a support mission in Libya for an initial period of three months and to take other measures to help the country get back on its feet . The mission 's mandate includes restoring public security and order and promoting the rule of law , beginning efforts to write a constitution and set up elections , promoting and protecting human rights , and thawing the assets freeze that had been imposed on the Gadhafi 's government . The resolution further asks U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to report on its implementation in two weeks and every month thereafter , or more often if he sees fit . CNN 's Jill Dougherty , Mohamed Fadel Fahmy , Ben Wedeman , Richard Roth and Mick B. Krever contributed to this report .	An anti-Gadhafi official predicts "  drastic " changes soon in Sirte and Bani Walid He says loyalists no longer control parts of Sirte , Gadhafi 's birthplace "  Fierce fighting " is ongoing in the southwestern city of Sabha , he adds A "  final call " is issued for pro-Gadhafi forces to switch or face "  treason " charges
A priest 's flock is crowd-funding $ 35,000 to restore a renowned Lebanese library , which was set on fire a few weeks ago . Between a quarter and a third of the 85,000 titles in the Maktabat al-Sa ` eh  The Pilgrim 's Bookshop  in the northern city of Tripoli were destroyed by the fire , according to reports , including a pair of 200-year-old Muslim manuscripts . The 40-year-old antiquarian bookstore and library in the old city souk of the Serail neighborhood is the life 's work of Ibrahim Sarrouj , a Greek Orthodox priest . Since the attack by suspected Muslim extremists , hundreds of people have come out in support of Sarrouj , helping with the clean-up , donating books and setting up an online crowd-funding effort to refurbish the library . At the time of writing , almost $ 25,000 has been pledged . Sarrouj says it is unexpected but he is thrilled by the way people of all religious backgrounds have joined together to help . "  It was  a great source of joy for me that the burning of this library brought together Muslims and Christians , and especially clergy and Muslim sheiks , " he said . Social community support Sarrouj is a popular figure in Sunni Muslim-majority Tripoli , well-known for preaching in favor of coexistence and religious tolerance . There are significant Christian and Alawite minority populations in the city . Read more : The dangers of being an Arab cartoonist But the city , which is just 30 kilometers  18 miles  from the border with Syria , has seen intensified sectarian violence and growing extremism over the past two years , including battles between supporters and opponents of the regime in Lebanon 's neighbor to the east . In the days prior to the fire , Sarrouj says he received a threat via text message . It concerned a rumor that a pamphlet insulting the Prophet Mohammed had been found inside one of the library 's books . The rumor was later discounted by authorities , according to Sarrouj . According to local reports , around 9.30 p.m. on January 3 , a group of men broke into the library and set it ablaze with petrol . Fire services arrived only a few minutes later and doused the flames quickly , saving the majority of the library 's precious contents . The day after the fire , Mu ` taz Salloum , a 26-year-old filmmaker , together with a few friends decided to organize a sit-in protest and clean-up at the library . They created a Facebook event inviting people to "  Say no ! Stop cultural terrorism in our city . " By the afternoon , Salloum estimates that 600 people had gathered at the library . "  The reaction was very positive , it was not expected , " said Salloum . "  A lot of people from outside Tripoli  came  and I saw friends I had n't seen for years , that had n't participated in any civil society demonstration or activity . " That day , as people cleaned and discussed what else they could do , the Kafana Samtan  "  Enough Silence "  campaign was born . "  We said , ` We should n't stop at only cleaning the library . Why not create a campaign to restore the library and bring it back better than before , " Salloum added . Volunteers unite The movement is powered by volunteers without any political or sectarian backing , according to Salloum . Salloum has been working at the library every weekend since the fire and estimates that around 50 volunteers help out each Friday and Saturday . One participant , Hrs Darwich wrote on the Facebook page : "  This city will not kneel to terrorism and bigotry and extremism . Solidarity prevails , I 'll be there . " Sarrouj says he has been inundated with telephone calls from all over the world pledging money , and tens of cartons of books are being sent to him from all over Lebanon by publishers , universities and the Lebanese Ministry of Culture . Read more : Qatart gets its first World Heritage site It 's only been a few weeks since the fire and Sarrouj says it remains difficult to fully quantify the damage done . But Kafana Samtan has big plans for the library . All the donated books will be put in a new public area where anyone can spend time reading and researching . If they are successful in crowd-funding $ 35,000 , they will spend it modernizing the library 's crumbling interior , installing security equipment and buying back rare books . Salloum says the people of Tripoli have had enough of the violence in their city -- and the library has become a symbol of that . "  Tripoli is the second largest city in Lebanon and deserves a better way of living ... this is going to be a really strong message to those who are behind the burning , " he said . Sarrouj , for his part , is less concerned with the books and donations . "  What 's behind it , the movement of the heart , this is what counts for me ... I hope that with this movement that we can change our Arab world . "	Library and antique bookshop in Tripoli torched in early January Restoration is driven by community crowd-funding People from all faiths have contributed to the effort Many hope the project can be a focal point for better community relations
CNN  -- Even after all these years , Roger Federer is still thrilled by the chase . The 31-year-old can not regain his No. 1 ranking this year , but he can add yet more accolades to his glittering resume if he beats Novak Djokovic in Monday 's climax of the ATP World Tour Finals in London . The 17-time grand slam champion blew away Andy Murray in Sunday 's second semifinal , earning some measure of revenge for his defeat in August 's Olympic gold medal match and denying the Scot another long-awaited milestone . Murray became the first British male to win a grand slam since 1936 when he lifted the U.S. Open in September , but the UK will have to wait for its first finalist in the season-ending showpiece . "  It was a special match . It was the third time in London this year for the two of us and the crowd was electric , " said two-time defending champion Federer , who beat Murray in July 's Wimbledon final to match Pete Sampras ' record of seven titles on the hallowed grass courts . "  I have been around the block a few times and that was something . You ca n't tire of nights like this . "  That is why I keep practising in front of no people , it inspires you to keep working hard . " At first it had seemed that Federer might have been feeling the effects of Saturday 's three-set defeat by Juan Martin del Potro , as Murray -- who had an extra day off -- took an early 3-1 lead . But the Swiss worked his way back into the match in front of a pro-Federer crowd , and raced away to win 7-6  7-5  6-2 in one hour and 33 minutes . "  Almost all the times when you play Roger anywhere in the world he gets great support everywhere . He deserves that because of everything that he 's achieved , " said Murray . It was his third semifinal defeat in the elite eight-man event , while last year he pulled out with injury during the round-robin stage . "  It 's been the best year of my career by a mile ... I 've achieved things I 've never achieved before , " the 25-year-old said . Federer will seek a record-extending seventh title , and bid to match the last man to have won it three years in a row -- Murray 's coach Ivan Lendl . He will face a formidable foe in Djokovic , who was guaranteed the year-end No. 1 spot when Federer decided not to defend his Paris Masters title last week . The Serbian lost his opening match in the French capital soon after his father was taken to hospital with a serious respiratory problem , but better news from home has helped him win all four matches so far this week . Djokovic was tested by Del Potro in Saturday 's opening semifinal , but showed the fighting abilities he needed in earlier group-stage wins against Murray and Tomas Berdych as he prevailed 4-6 6-3 6-2 . The giant Argentine , runner-up in 2009 , looked poised to reach the final for the second time as he went a break ahead in the second set but Djokovic turned it around . He won the 2008 final when the tournament had its final staging in Shanghai , but has never got this far in London . "  Knowing it 's the last match of the season , I 'm really going to try to give my best physically and mentally tomorrow , " said Djokovic , who equaled David Ferrer 's leading 74 match victories this year . Del Potro has won a career-high 65 matches in 2012 , battling back into the top 10 after a long recovery from serious wrist problems . "  He deserved to win today . If you do n't play for the whole match at your best level , it 's really difficult to beat him , " Del Potro said . "  I had the chance to win today when I was a break up in the second , but I did n't serve like yesterday and I did n't serve like my first set today . Nole was returning really well . "	Roger Federer will play world No. 1 Novak Djokovic in final of season-ending tournament Defending champion Federer beats world No. 3 Andy Murray in Sunday 's semifinal Federer will be seeking a record-extending seventh title , and his third in a row Djokovic beats Juan Martin del Potro to reach final for second time , his first in London
CNN  -- South Africa 's tourist industry happily blew its own vuvuzuela Monday , reporting a half-billion dollars in receipts from hosting this year 's FIFA World Cup matches . The tournament brought more than 309,000 visitors to South Africa and generated more than $ 520 million dollars in added revenue to the tourism industry , South African Tourism Minister Marthinus van Schalkwyk announced . "  I can today say without a doubt that the success of the event will reverberate for many years to come , " van Schalkwyk said in a statement announcing the final tally . Speaking days after FIFA officials awarded Qatar the 2022 World Cup -- a controversial move many say will scare off fans -- van Schalkwyk said that pre-tournament fears that the long travel distances , high airline ticket costs and fear of crime would deter travelers from coming to South Africa turned out to be unfounded . "  The World Cup also attracted a large number of first-time visitors to South Africa , particularly from the Americas , " he said . The ministry 's survey found that 59 % of people making the trip to South Africa for the World Cup were first-time visitors . Fans from other African nations made up the biggest share of visitors , at 38 % , while nearly a quarter were from Europe . Another 13 % were from Central and South America , and just over 10 % came from North America , the survey showed . And despite complaints about the buzz of the vuvuzelas and the occasional official 's call , most fans said they were happy with the hosts . Of those surveyed , 90 % said they thought the South African venues were nicer than expected . CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	The tournament brought 309,000 visitors to South Africa , the government reports Nearly 60 percent of those were first-time visitors , the country 's Tourism Ministry says
KIEV , Ukraine -- Serbian central defender Nemanja Vidic has convinced Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson that he should play in Tuesday 's Champions League clash away to Dynamo Kiev . Vidic clashes with Roma goalkeeper Gianluca Curci during the UEFA Champions League Group F match . The former Spartak Moscow player sat out Saturday 's 4-1 victory at Aston Villa after suffering concussion during the Premier League win over Wigan immediately before the international break . However , he has made a good recovery and will now partner Rio Ferdinand in the heart of the United defense . Injury-plagued French striker Louis Saha definitely misses the tie with a long-term knee problem and fellow casualties Gary Neville and Owen Hargreaves also stayed behind . England striker Wayne Rooney , who scored twice against Villa and was also on target in England 's Euro 2008 defeat against Russia in Moscow last week , will partner Carlos Tevez in attack . A third successive victory after 1-0 wins against Sporting Lisbon and Roma would virtually guarantee United a place in the knock-out stage . United flew to Kiev a day earlier than normal , taking their own chefs and dieticians with them . "  The travel is always the biggest worry in these situations , " said Ferguson . "  Ukraine is further away than most other journeys around Europe . " Senegal defender Pape Diakhate , Guinea forward Ismael Bangoura and Ukraine midfielder Taras Mykhalyk are expected to return for Dynamo , but former Tottenham forward Serhiy Rebrov is an absentee . Dynamo warmed up for Tuesday night with a 1-0 win over strugglers Zakarpattia on Saturday in the Ukrainian Championship . But Kiev are bottom of Group F after losing their first two games -- 2-0 at Roma and 2-1 at home to Sporting . Glasgow Rangers are without Jean-Claude Darcheville and Brahim Hemdani for their formidable home clash against Barcelona on Tuesday . Darcheville is still struggling with a hamstring problem while Hemdani misses the Group E tie in Glasgow with a groin problem that kept him out of the weekend 's 3-0 win against Celtic . UEFA Cup favorites Bayern Munich will probably have to do without midfielder Franck Ribery for their group game against Red Star Belgrade on Thursday . The French international hurt his thigh in Saturday 's 2-1 win at Bochum that saw Bayern extend their lead at the top of the Bundesliga . E-mail to a friend	Nemanja Vidic plays in Man United 's Champions League tie at Dynamo Kiev Serbian defender sat out 4-1 win at Aston Villa with after-effects of concussion United started group campaign with wins against Sporting Lisbon and Roma
WIRED  -- An anarchist social worker raided by the feds wants his computers , manuscripts and pick axes back . He argues that authorities violated the U.S. Constitution and the rights of his mentally ill clients while searching for evidence that he broke an anti-rioting law on Twitter . In a guns-drawn raid on October 1 , FBI agents and police seized boxes of dubious "  evidence " from the Queens , New York , home of Elliott Madison . A U.S. District Judge in Brooklyn has set a Monday deadline to rule on the legality of the search , and in the meantime has ordered the government to refrain from examining the material taken in the 6 a.m. search . Madison , who counsels more than 100 severely mentally ill patients in New York , seems to have first drawn attention from the authorities at September 's G-20 gathering of world leaders in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . There he was arrested on September 24 at a motel room for allegedly listening to a police scanner and relaying information on Twitter to help protesters avoid heavily-armed cops -- an activity the State Department lauded when it happened in Iran . A week later , the Joint Terrorism Task Force , armed with a search warrant and backed by a federal grand jury investigation , raided Madison 's house , which he shares with his wife of 13 years and several roommates . The squad seized his computers , camera memory cards , books , air-filtration masks , bumper stickers and political posters -- all purportedly evidence that the 41-year old social worker had broken a federal anti-rioting law that carries up to five years in prison . But a closer look at the court documents leaves the unmistakable impression that Elliott Madison is yet another casualty of the government 's nasty , post-9 / 11 habit of considering political dissidents as threats to national security . Madison , his wife and his lawyer Martin Stolar say the search violates the Constitution 's protections against general searches and prosecution for political speech . The police also seized mobile phones , citizen emergency kits , manuscripts , posters and even the couple 's marriage license . In a motion to throw out the search , Stolar called the search unconstitutional : In this day and age , federally authorized agents entered the private home of a writer and urban planner and seized their books and writings . The warrant 's vagueness and lack of specificity encouraged the agents to use their own discretion and their own views of the political universe to seize , or not to seize , items which they thought were evidence of a violation of the federal anti-riot statute . The law and the Constitution do not allow this . If there really is a grand jury investigation with possible future prosecution under -LSB- a federal anti-rioting law -RSB- , the use of this statute as applied to demonstrations , demonstrators , and their supporters has profound 1st Amendment implications . If Madison were an Iranian using Twitter to coordinate government protests , he 'd likely be considered a hero in the West . Instead , the self-identified anarchist -- who volunteered in Louisiana after Katrina -- is now facing up to five years in prison for each count a grand jury cares to indict him on . Oddly , Madison was in jail during the most dramatic of the G-20 confrontations . The day after his arrest by Philadelphia State police on September 24 , hundreds of police officers chased protesters around the city , using sonic weapons , pepper spray , batons , projectile weapons and tear gas , and arrested a reporter and bystanders . Some self-styled anarchists broke windows of chain stores and pushed a dumpster towards a phalanx of cops in riot gear . The connection between the federal and state investigation remains unclear , though the feds say they will turn evidence over to the state , if any is found . The affidavits justifying the raid remains under seal , but court documents reveal a grand jury is investigating whether Madison , and possibly his wife , violated 18 U.S.C. § 2101 , the federal anti-rioting law . That obscure law was famously used to prosecute the Chicago 7 after the 1968 Democratic Convention 's police riot . Five of the so-called Yippies were initially found guilty of of inciting a riot , though the convictions were eventually thrown out . Madison and his wife both volunteered as paralegals for the People 's Law Collective , their lawyer Martin Stolar said , and he 'd worked with them before defending protesters . In fact , he suggests that work might have sparked this entire incident . "  If you do your job effectively , then you draw the government 's attentions , " Stolar said . Madison also belongs to the "  Curious George Brigade , " which published a book called Anarchy in the Age of Dinosaurs . The group was at work on a follow-up , until 50 copies of the first book and the electronic manuscript of the second were confiscated in the raid . On Monday , Madison described the book in an affidavit to the court as a book of "  political theory and practice . " The published book seems sympathetic to the tactic of confronting police and destroying property of companies considered harmful , usually -- though not always -- multinational companies . Writing such a book is not a crime , though , and many of the other books cited by the police as evidence justifying the search after the fact can be bought on Amazon.com . Madison , who has no prior convictions , works as a counselor at a mental health facility . He says some of the records seized by the government include confidential information that should be covered by a shield law protecting mental health records . The U.S. Attorney 's office disputes that contention , saying the shield does n't apply since Madison is n't a registered social worker . Moreover , the government says , Madison 's house was chock full of incriminating materials , including gas masks , pickaxes and air-filtration masks . But Madison says that he 'd become a believer in civil defense after the 2003 blackouts in New York and that the seized pickaxes are specialty , anti-sparking devices to be used in emergencies to shut off water mains . In fact , Madison and his wife told the court they 'd made a YouTube video about what to put in a rescue pack . A review of the video by Threat Level confirms the pickaxe in the video matches the one seized by police . The government countered that his reading material is also very suspicious . "  As an initial matter , the government notes that a publication entitled ` Manifesto of Rioting ' was seized from the Weisses ' bedroom , " the U.S. Attorney 's office told the court last week . Some of the other evidence the feds seized that shows he promotes riots ? Steampunk magazine , for one . Buffy the Vampire Slayer DVDs . Anarchist political-theory books . A needlepoint depiction of Lenin that belonged to Madison 's wife 's grandmother .  Not surprisingly , the police do n't seem to grasp the irony of an anarchist owning a Lenin bust in any form , given the hatred between the two ideologies since the Spanish Civil War , when the Communists turned on the anarchists and murdered their ostensible allies . His books on poison looks pretty incriminating , too . But his lawyer wonders why the police seized The Poisons and Antidotes Sourcebook and left the book Deadly Doses : A Writer 's Guide to Poisons , both of which he says Elliot Madison uses for his fiction writing . The feds also found caltrops -- four-pronged metal defensive weapons that always land with a pointy side up , used to give flat tires or hobble horses . Neither Madison nor his attorney has mentioned them in their filings . They are not illegal to own . When the feds also found nine packages of fireworks at the rear of a closet , a JTTF agent took him downtown to book him for the infraction -- a ticketable offense . The bomb squad took care of the fireworks , which one supposes must have been impervious to dousing by a regular police officer . Federal agents also seized camera memory disks , Madison 's journals , computers and hard drives . These contained his fiction manuscripts , his wife 's urban planning work and other writings . The police also confiscated a housemate 's laptop that belonged to the Labor Department . How did all of this get taken ? Does n't a search warrant have to specify what exactly is to be seized ? According to the U.S. Attorney 's office , the warrant was legitimate . Signed by Judge Honorable Viktor V. Pohorelsky on September 26 , it authorized the government to seize : Computers , hard-drives , floppy discs and other media used to store computer-accessible information , cellular phones , personal digital assistants , electronic storage devices and related peripherals , black masks and clothing , maps , correspondence and other documents , financial records , notes , ledgers , receipts , papers , photographs , telephone and address books , identification documents , indicia of residency and other documents and records that constitute evidence of the commission of rioting crimes or that are designed or intended as a means of violating the federal rioting laws , including any of the above items that are maintained within other closed or locked containers , including safes and other containers that may be further secured by key locks  or combination locks  of various kinds . The list of what was taken stretches pages . The Madisons ' lawyers are trying to overturn the search on the grounds that the warrant was n't specific enough to pass constitutional muster . They also argue the feds have no business collecting the names of people Elliot communicated with , and that records from the People 's Law Collective , as well as his work notes , are protected under confidentiality rules . But the U.S. Attorney 's Office defended the search in court , arguing that the broad search was just like those used in drug warrants , which were increasingly broadened over the last quarter century 's ill-fated War on Drugs . The affidavits that supported the search warrant are under court seal , because the grand jury investigation is "  complex and multi-state , " according to the prosecution . The federal anti-rioting statute is serious business , and is seemingly easy to violate . For instance , it is a felony to "  organize , promote , encourage , participate in , or carry on a riot ; or -LSB- ... -RSB- to aid or abet any person in inciting or participating in -LSB- ... -RSB- a riot . " By that token , simply telling a person fleeing cops with batons which way to run makes you a felon . One wonders how the Southern Christian Leadership Council and Martin Luther King , Jr. would have fared under that law , when he was in a Birmingham jail , writing letters urging people to support the direct-action program of sit-ins and marches . Those protesters were later attacked by police using dogs and fire hoses on the orders of Birmingham Sheriff Bull Connor . A spokesman for the New York U.S. Attorney 's office , Bob Nardoza , declined to comment on the matter , citing rules forbidding officials to speak about grand jury investigations . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Elliott Madison 's home is raided by the FBI on October 1 Authorities purportedly look for evidence Madison started a riot on Twitter Madison challenges the search , saying his rights were violated The social worker also says his clients ' computer data was compromised
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former Republican Sen. Ted Stevens of Alaska has been "  cleared " by the Justice Department 's request to dismiss his federal corruption convictions and drop all charges against him , his lawyer said Wednesday . Former Sen. Ted Stevens , 85 , of Alaska lost his re-election bid in November . Prosecutors accused Stevens of failing to disclose hundreds of thousands of dollars of "  freebies " from an oilfield services company on Senate ethics forms . But in December , an unnamed FBI whistle-blower accused prosecutors of withholding evidence from the defense , and the Justice Department asked a judge to dismiss the charges against Stevens on Wednesday . "  His name is cleared , " Stevens ' lawyer , Brendan Sullivan , told reporters . "  He is innocent of the charges , as if they 'd never been brought . " Stevens , 85 , lost his bid for a seventh full term in November after his conviction on seven counts of lying on Senate ethics forms . Sullivan said the Justice Department was forced to request the dismissal because of "  extraordinary evidence of government corruption . " Watch more on the dismissal of the case " "  Not only did the government fail to provide evidence to the defense that the law requires them to provide , but they created false testimony that they gave us and actually presented false testimony in the courtroom , " he said . And one of Stevens ' longtime friends , Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch , said Wednesday that Stevens was "  screwed by our own Justice Department . " In a statement issued Wednesday morning , Stevens thanked the Justice Department and Attorney General Eric Holder for requesting that the charges be dropped . "  I always knew that there would be a day when the cloud that surrounded me would be removed , " Stevens said . "  That day has finally come . " U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan has set a Tuesday hearing on the Justice Department 's request to dismiss the case . Sullivan , who is not related to Stevens ' lawyer , excoriated prosecutors during the trial and held the prosecution in contempt at one point . In December , two months after the guilty verdicts , the FBI whistle-blower accused prosecutors of withholding evidence from the defense and reported that someone with the government had had an inappropriate relationship with Bill Allen , an oil industry executive who was the government 's key witness . In the motion it filed Wednesday , the Justice Department acknowledged that Stevens was not given access to notes taken by prosecutors during an April 2008 interview with Allen , the former chairman of an oilfield services company at the center of a corruption probe in Alaska . The notes show that responses by Allen , the prosecution 's star witness , were inconsistent with testimony he gave against Stevens , and that information from the interview could have benefited Stevens at trial , the motion says . "  In light of this conclusion , and in consideration of the totality of the circumstances of this particular case , I have determined that it is in the interest of justice to dismiss the indictment and not proceed with a new trial , " Holder said in a written statement . Hatch , a senior Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee , said he called Stevens in Alaska on Wednesday and the former senator sounded "  elated , as anyone would . " "  Here 's a guy who gave better than 60 years ' service to the country and was screwed -- screwed by our own Justice Department , " Hatch said . But he praised Holder for "  standing up and fixing this foul situation . " "  I think he 's more than shown integrity and decency in this matter , and it 's not an easy thing for him to do that , " Hatch said . "  He has , in looking at it , realized now what people like myself have been saying is 100 percent right . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , also commented on the Justice Department 's request , saying , "  Ted Stevens is 85 years old . He 's already been punished enough . I 'm satisfied . " And in a statement Wednesday , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin said that Stevens "  deserves to be very happy today . What a horrible thing he has endured . The blatant attempts by adversaries to destroy one 's reputation , career and finances are an abuse of our well-guarded process and violate our God-given rights afforded in the Constitution . "  It is a frightening thing to contemplate what we may be witnessing here -- the undermining of the political process through unscrupulous ploys and professional misconduct . Senator Stevens ... never gave up hope . It is unfortunate that , as a result of the questionable proceedings which led to Senator Stevens ' conviction days before the election , Alaskans lost an esteemed statesman on Capitol Hill . His presence is missed . " The Justice Department 's Office of Professional Responsibility will review the prosecution team 's conduct in Stevens ' case , Holder said . Asked whether the prosecutors should be charged themselves , Sullivan told reporters , "  That is not my job . I 'm a defense lawyer . " During the trial , Assistant Attorney General Matthew Friedrich said Stevens hid "  hundreds of thousands of dollars of freebies " he received from Allen 's company , VECO , and from Allen himself . Many of the allegedly free services were given as part of the renovation of Stevens ' Alaska home , prosecutors said . CNN 's Terry Frieden , Paul Courson , Ted Barrett and Deb Krajnak contributed to this report .	NEW : Senate majority leader , Alaska governor back Justice Department action Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch says Stevens was mistreated , praises attorney general Defense attorney cites "  extraordinary misconduct of government prosecutors " Ted Stevens : "  I always knew that there would be a day " when justice would come
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's State of the Union address and the traditional post-speech road trip were designed to boost both his agenda and Democratic chances in this difficult election year . But there were instant reminders of the tough terrain , and internal Democratic jitters : The Democratic candidate for governor of Wisconsin was nowhere to be found when the President visited ; that after several vulnerable Senate Democrats publicly tried to create distance between their re-election bids and Obama . Obama State of the Union themes are Democrats ' 2014 playbook And then , this , in an exclusive conversation with CNN 's Jake Tapper : Tapper : "  It 's possible that you might be able to get an immigration reform bill on your desk that has legal status for the millions of undocumented workers who are in this country , but not citizenship . Would you veto that ? " Obama : "  Well , you know , I 'm not going to prejudge what gets to my desk . " CNN exclusive : Obama says he 's not recalibrating expectations On its own , maybe that 's just a conciliatory tone so as not to become part of the GOP 's debate about immigration . But the timing makes the President 's open mind more significant . House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi just Wednesday said of the immigration debate : "  In our caucus there has to be a path of citizenship . " And speaking to The Washington Post , AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka , whose unions are vital to Democratic midterm campaign chances , said of a GOP plan that provides legal status but not a guaranteed path to citizenship for illegal immigrants : "  It 's a joke . It 's a hoax , is what it is . It 's like fool 's gold . " So Obama is now on record saying he wo n't prejudge an idea that is a nonstarter to the top House Democrat and a "  joke " to organized labor . And he is not only at odds with those two traditional allies -- he is at odds with himself . A year ago , speaking in Las Vegas , the President laid out his bottom line : "  For comprehensive immigration reform to work , it must be clear from the outset that there is a pathway to citizenship , " he said then . The President 's refusal to draw a veto line on the citizenship question will make his liberal base anxious , and those tensions could hurt in an election year . Frustrated liberals start to look beyond Obama But whether liberal disappointment now turns into a political problem closer to Election Day depends in large part on whether Republicans can test the President 's openness by getting a bill to his desk . And that remains a giant question mark . Speaker John Boehner wants the House to pass , in several pieces , immigration changes that would include citizenship for so-called "  Dreamers " -- younger undocumented people who were brought illegally into the United States by their parents -- but guarantee only legal status for older undocumented individuals . House Republican leaders unveil immigration standards If the House were to act , it would then need to try to reconcile its ideas with already passed Senate legislation . Democrats control the Senate , and finding common ground , again assuming the House acts , likely would prove difficult . But , for now , the biggest question is whether the House will act . Boehner not only believes the changes are good economic policy , he also is trying to help his party deal with a Latino voter crisis that significantly complicates any Republican White House aspirations . But many Republican members of Congress are worried more about their 2014 races and angering the conservative base , whose turnout is critical in the midterm environment . Most House Republicans believe any immigration debate distracts attention from Obamacare . And on the Senate side , there is less urgency as well because of the states the GOP is targeting in its effort to retake control . The 11 seats now held by Democrats that are the top GOP targets have relatively small Latino populations . But in each of those , conservative GOP base turnout would be critical if the race is close come November . The speaker understands that he is at center stage at the moment , and that any chance to see the Democratic immigration tensions in full force depends on whether the House can first advance something meaningful . "  It 's been turned into a political football , " the speaker said Thursday of the immigration debate . "  So I think it is time to deal with it . But how we deal with it is going to be critically important . "	Several vulnerable Democrats put distance between themselves and Obama Progressives , labor say Republicans ' immigration principals come up short A year ago , Obama said there would be no reform without pathway to citizenship Immigration has been turned into a "  political football , " Speaker Boehner says
CNN  -- Whether it 's dining , shopping , culture , nightlife or people , everybody has a favorite city . Some cities are great places to live and raise a family . Others provide the backdrop for that once-in-a-lifetime vacation . The Cathedral Basilica of Saint Francis in Santa Fe , New Mexico . I-Reporters have been telling us about their favorite American cities . Here are some of the highlights . Jim Thompson sent the photo of the Cathedral Basilica of Saint Francis in Santa Fe , New Mexico , along with this important information : "  Be sure to mention that St. Francis Cathedral has been renamed to St. Francis Basilica . ... The request was made by the Archdiocese of Santa Fe and was granted by the Vatican , so now St. Francis is the headquarters for the pope when he comes to Santa Fe . " Diana Peters moved to New Orleans in 2003 , and has experienced the city before and after Hurricane Katrina . Her feelings about recovery are complicated . "  But do n't turn your back on New Orleans , because she survives in all of us , especially those of use who still see her beauty in what remains . " Josh Gorrell sent the photo of the "  painted ladies " at Marina Del Rey in southern California . "  My favorite part of living by the coast is the constantly fresh ocean breezes , the year-round sunshine and the wonderful seafood ! Oh , and the surf ! " Raymond Lopera 's favorite city in the Los Angeles area is Santa Monica . He lived there briefly when he moved from New York a few years ago and says he goes back every chance he gets . He says Santa Monica is very pedestrian friendly and he enjoys taking long walks , stopping along the way at places like Barnes & Noble or Starbucks . Nikolai Ursin ca n't get enough of Minneapolis . "  I 'm 28 and able to live a fabulous life because the cost of living is so low , yet the wages are quite high . My friends in N.Y.C. are jealous . I travel a lot for work and there is nothing quite like landing in Minneapolis and knowing I 'm home . " I-Reporter Chris Fuhriman is a captain in the Army and completing a master 's degree in geography at the University of Hawaii . Fuhriman moved to Honolulu from Utah three years ago with his wife and two children . "  His favorite thing about Honolulu ? "  The international flavor of the city , and the diversity . It 's really a city for everyone . " Russell Clayton says there 's "  far too much to do " in Austin , Texas . Then he went on to list a wide variety of outdoor activities , including hiking , swimming , mountain biking , kayaking and canoeing . Clayton says the city 's unofficial motto is "  Keep Austin Weird . " E-mail to a friend	Rate your favorite U.S. city by taking the America 's Favorite Cities survey The survey ends on July 15 ; enter to win a trip to Australia I-Reporters weigh in with photos and comments about their favorites
CNN  -- Manny Pacquiao 's two-round demolition of Ricky Hatton has set up the prospect of the biggest money-spinning fight in the history of boxing . Pacquiao lands a solid right to Hatton on his way to a comprehensive victory . The Filipino knocked out the plucky but outclassed Briton in Las Vegas on Saturday night -- earning him by a conservative estimate at least $ 2 million dollars per minute . Hatton , who could well now hang up his gloves , will pocket more than $ 8 million as a consolation . Pacquiao 's all-action style is popular with boxing followers and in his native Philippines the theaters which screened his fight live with Hatton were sold out well in advance with a ferocious demand for tickets . But the really big money lies in the Pay Per View  PPV  revenues generated by the U.S. Home Box Office  HBO  network . USA Today reported Monday that early indications from cable companies were that the scheduled 12-round light-welterweight bout could get as many as two million buys . Co-promoter Bob Arum was delighted with the figures especially as initial estimates were suggesting about one million boxing fans would shell out their cash . "  We know based on those early numbers and based on experience the event will perform extremely well . If I had to guess , anywhere between 1.6 million and two million homes , which is a home run , " he said . The record for a PPV event is the 2.4 million buys for ` Golden Boy ' Oscar De La Hoya 's May 2007 fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr. , which generated a staggering $ 134 million in revenue . Mayweather , who also beat Hatton in another ` superfight ' at the back end of 2007 , astutely chose Saturday night in Vegas to announce he was coming out of retirement . Mayweather , nicknamed ` money ' because of the enormous revenues he generates , will face Mexico 's Juan Manuel Marquez on July 18 in his return to the ring . But the talk of the boxing world is an eventual match up against Pacquiao with the notional pound for pound title at stake as well as a massive pay day . "  If Mayweather wants a piece of the ` little Filipino ' , just be my guest , " Arum said before the dust had barely settled on the Hatton fight . With the flamboyant De La Hoya retired after being handed a painful beating by Pacquiao at the back end of 2008 , the mantle of PPV king is set to fall to one of the two men who ended his ring career . Despite the global recession , the appetite for top prize fighting remains strong , but it is the more flamboyant characters who draw the biggest audiences . Last November 's HBO clash between former pound for pound champion Roy Jones Jr. and the brilliant undefeated Welsh world champion Joe Calzaghe drew less than 250,000 buys . The only potential obstacle to a Pacquiao-Mayweather bout , the dangerous Marquez aside , is the relative sizes of the two men . Mayweather is a natural welterweight and would want a fight at 147 pounds , with Pacquiao , who started his remarkable career at light-flyweight , wanting the match at a lower weight . But big business and money is set to talk and many predict the showdown will come late this year , almost certainly in Las Vegas .	Manny Pacquiao set to make a fortune after beating Ricky Hatton in Las Vegas Filipino boxer proves a massive draw among Pay Per View fans in U.S. Showdown with Floyd Mayweather Jr. looms as American comes out of retirement
CNN  -- Contactless payments are poised to radically change the landscape for businesses and consumers across Europe , according to the CEO of Visa Europe . Known as "  wave and pay " or "  tap and go , " cashless and contactless payments are a way of paying for everyday items like a newspaper or a cup of coffee simply by swiping your card , or increasingly your cell phone , across a reader . The concept is built around saving time for the user , so they do n't need to rummage around in pockets or bags for wallets and purses . Peter Ayliffe , CEO of Visa Europe , predicts the fast-paced movement of the technology around cashless payments will overtake more conventional methods in the next decade . "  I 've made this prediction that by 2020 , more than 50 % of our transactions are going to be on mobile phones , " he said . "  For 50 years we 've had the piece of plastic . OK , it 's developed , it 's been more secure , we 've added features to it and everything else , but for 50 years I 've carried a piece of plastic around . "  Now , suddenly , I 've realized that in the future , I do n't have to have that piece of plastic , it 's on this wonderful smartphone . So radically that changes your thinking . " Ayliffe says that in future other ways of paying may give way to the phone as the payment method of choice . "  We 'll never go cashless , because people will always choose how they want to pay . If they want to pay by cash , if they want to pay by card in the future , that 's absolutely fine with me . "  But what we 're trying to do , is say : ` There 's a much more convenient way to pay . ' " The revolution requires putting in place a whole new set of financial infrastructure at banks and retailers to facilitate the new way to pay . "  We 're the enabler , " said Ayliffe . "  You 've got to get every retailer to kind of change their front-end systems so they can accept contactless payment , " he said . "  You 've then got to get every bank to start issuing contactless cards . You 've got to work with the mobile-phone operators , and the hand-set providers to really put all that infrastructure in place . "  Nothing in payments happens quickly . " Ayliffe said the changes do n't come cheap either . "  It is costly ; it is time consuming to get it all in place . But every now and again you see an opportunity that you think : this is such a fantastic opportunity , and we really really must leverage it . " Tough economic times in Europe mean consumers are even more aware of what they are spending , but they are also creating a focus on how money is spent , according to Ayliffe . "  The consumer is being very careful about what they 're spending nowadays , " he said . "  But what 's happening , is the consumer is moving away from inefficient forms of payment , like using the check , like using cash , to the much more convenient and efficient ways of paying . " Look out -- the contactless revolution could be coming to a retailer near you .	Contactless payments are the future , says Visa Europe CEO ` Tap and go ' is a way of paying for products by swiping your card or phone CEO of Visa Europe , predicts phone cashless payments will overtake other methods by 2020 The revolution requires putting in place a whole new set of financial infrastructure
In London on Tuesday , Texas Gov. Rick Perry called for more Western involvement in Syria to fight ISIS , and praised the U.S. 's British allies for everything from their love of defending freedom to the boy band One Direction . Perry 's foreign policy address at the Royal United Services Institute , a British national security think tank , was greeted with laughs and applause -- especially when he highlighted reasons Americans get along so well with their English-speaking friends across the pond . "  It 's not just because to Americans , you always sound so darn smart and refined no matter what you 're saying , " he said . "  And it 's not just because of your many cultural exports from James Bond to Julie Andrews to Simon Cowell to One Direction -- well , that might be a bit of a mixed bag . So many good things in the world began in Britain , and so many good things in the world to this day depend on Britain . " Perry 's stop in London comprises the first leg of his European excursion this week , which also includes visits to Germany , Poland and Ukraine . The purpose of his trip is to explore trade opportunities between Texas and the European countries , according to a press release from Perry 's office . His decision to travel away from Texas as a second case of Ebola was diagnosed there has drawn the ire of top Texas Democratic party operative Will Hailer , who called the governor an "  irresponsible leader , " according to Bloomberg news . Perry , referring to himself as a "  proud patriotic Texan , " outlined a moral argument in favor of robust Western intervention in Syria by drawing a stark contrast between the "  so-called religious warriors of ISIS " and the "  special strength and character " of Western forces . "  To see to it that security is defended -- that is what is required of Western nations and the great alliances we have formed , " he said , admitting that the overseas conflict "  will draw heavily on our wealth , our will and our wisdom . " "  The plainest imperative of all is the resources we commit to the common defense , holding nothing back if it will better insure our security . " He called out his political adversaries at home -- and even the United Nations -- for their reluctance to get involved in foreign affairs . "  This attitude of cultural relativism , it certainly does n't approve of harsher violent actions , " he said , "  but it does question the right of Britain , the U.S. or other western powers to do anything about it . " Toward the latter half of his address , Perry got emotional about the plight of innocent people living in the Middle Eastern war zone , lowering his voice and pausing periodically for effect . "  Who can not identify with the mother or the father running with their baby , or with an elderly woman who is struggling to keep up with the others ? " he asked , drawing similarities between Syrian civilians and victims of bombings over London during World War II . "  Who ca n't identify with the children who got away but saw what happened to their parents ? " "  And when they look up and they see and RAF or a Danish or an American bomber , they feel precisely as you and I would feel . The sight must seem like an answer to a prayer , a prayer that can be understood in every faith : Save my family . Save my home . Save my village . Save me from this evil . "	Texas Gov. Rick Perry delivered a foreign policy speech on ISIS in London . He highlighted the strong relationship between Britain and the U.S. This is the first leg of a European tour that includes stops in Ukraine and Poland .
CNN  -- In the six months since the repeal of the U.S. military 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , many of the most prestigious military institutions in the country are adding a student group to their club rosters that they had never seen before : gay pride groups . For nearly 17 years , gay and lesbian soldiers were expected to deny their sexuality under threat of dismissal as part of "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " With the repeal of the rule on September 20 , 2011 , a new era began for homosexual members of the armed forces . But what about the young cadets preparing to enter their ranks , studying in the nation 's top military academies ? In December , a group of students at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy in New London , Connecticut , formed a group called the Spectrum Diversity Council , to serve as a gay-straight alliance on campus . The night before "  do n't ask , do n't tell " ended , cadets at Norwich University , the nation 's oldest private military academy , held the first meeting of the school 's Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Transgender , Questioning and Allies Club . These clubs are school-sanctioned , and their numbers are growing , according to cadets and school officials . Even at the United States Military Academy at West Point , cadets are forming their own Spectrum student group . As one of the nation 's five federal service academies , The U.S. Coast Guard Academy follows the same rules as the U.S. military , and up until recently this meant "  do n't ask , do n't tell " was a rule . Even before the repeal , First Class Cadets Kelli Normoyle and Chip Hall were among students at the academy who met with school officials to discuss what might happen if "  do n't ask , do n't tell " were repealed . "  No one was allowed to ` come out ' in the DADT Working Group , " Normoyle said , but it was an unspoken secret that many of the members of the group were gay . Today , Normoyle and Hall are co-leaders of the Spectrum Diversity Council that boasts 60 to 65 members . They say the experience of going to the academy is one they would never trade , but they acknowledge that life is different since the repeal . "  It 's hard to separate the personal changes from 18 to 21  years old  , but the repeal of DADT was less like flipping a switch . It was n't like one day I 'm hiding my sexuality and denying who I am and the next I 'm out and proud . It was more like a continuum ; I progressed through my own comfort with being gay , " Hall said . "  I had come out to friends my senior year in high school and was n't sure if I was ready to live under DADT , " Normoyle said . After a year at another school , she decided to go to the Coast Guard Academy after all . "  I knew the Coast Guard was what I wanted to do . I knew I wanted to go to the service academy . I wanted to show people that it did n't matter if I was gay ; I could just do my job and make friends . I thought I would put my personal life in the back seat . " She found this easier said than done . "  I felt separated from my friends having to hide something that big , a part of my life , " she said . "  We have an honor code at the school , and you practically had to lie to people when they asked if you 're dating anybody , if you had a boyfriend . " Normoyle and Hall say the Coast Guard Academy administration has been very encouraging of their club , with Rear Adm. Sandra L. Stosz , the first female superintendent of the academy , a major supporter from the beginning , according to Hall . Other cadets have been welcoming , too , Normoyle said . "  We 've had nothing but positive experiences with our classmates . We had some people coming up and telling us they grew up having negative stereotypes of gay people , but said , ' I know you two , I respect both of you , I 'm trying to break those stereotypes . ' " From March 30 to April 4 , the Coast Guard Academy will host Eclipse week , a tradition dating back 37 years to one of the first African-American cadet groups on campus . The week has turned into a diversity week of sorts , according to Hall . He said Spectrum plans to host a roundtable discussion with active-duty members of the Coast Guard on homosexuality in the service . Hall and Normoyle received their orders last week and will graduate as full members of the Coast Guard at the end of the school year . Norwich University , established in 1819 , is a small but well-known private military college in Northfield , Vermont . As a private school , Norwich never had an official policy discriminating against gay cadets , but since the majority of students accept commissions in the military , "  do n't ask , do n't tell " was always a presence . "  Prior to repeal , the facts of DADT served to keep any LGBTQA student quiet , " said Daphne Larkin , a spokeswoman for the university . Dr. M.E. Kabay , a professor at Norwich University , is the faculty adviser to the Norwich Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Transgender , Questioning and Allies Club . He described how on the last night of "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " cadets met in the school library for the first meeting of the club . Cadet organizer Josh Fontanez raised all the blinds of the club to symbolize openness to the community . "  Right from the beginning , the intention was to be open , and that 's what has happened , " Kabay said . The LGBTQA group at Norwich has even collaborated with a group called Christian Fellowship to foster discussions and understanding , he said . Fontanez knew he wanted to be in the military for most of his life , even if it meant hiding his sexuality . "  The military has always been a passion of mine . I knew I wanted to be in the military before I knew what sexual orientation was , " he said . "  It was a sacrifice I , like so many men and women for generations before me , was willing to make . We love our country enough to put our personal lives on hold . " He believes that understanding and leadership are part of life at Norwich , and one reason he helped form the LGBTQA club . "  I know I 'm going to be a leader in the armed forces when I leave here , " he said . "  Norwich teaches us when you see something not right , fix it . That 's what we did . " From March 26 through March 31 , the Norwich LGBTQA group hosted what is thought to be the first "  Spirit Week " on a U.S. military academy campus . The week was full of activities , workshops and discussions focused on anti-bullying , harassment and collaboration . There were HIV screenings , films on acceptance and stereotypes , and even an event called "  the condom olympics , " which highlighted the importance of safe sex and distributed prophylactics . "  No matter how you identify yourself -- straight , gay , lesbian , transgender , man , woman or whatever -- you could learn something that can help you whether here at Norwich or out in the world , " Fontanez said . "  Over the next week or next month , we will reflect on the activities , and I have no doubt we will see Norwich as a better place than it was a week ago . " Fontanez said turnout for pride week has been good , with up to 150 people at some events . The week culminates in a "  Queer Prom " on Saturday night , consisting of a social that the head of the university and the governor of Vermont will attend , followed by a dance where same-sex couples will obviously be accepted . "  All these events have an ulterior motive : to show that gay people are people , " Kabay said . "  For some students , this is going to be an eye-opener . Maybe what they 've been told does n't fit . " At the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , the cadets are still getting their group officially approved . "  The primary purpose of clubs is beneficial to the cadet experience and beneficial to the West Point goal of graduating cadets , " said Col. Charles A. Stafford , West Point chief of staff . "  We want to graduate leaders who can go into any culture in any part of the world , " he said , "  having the ability to speak with a diverse group of people and work effectively with different cultures . " The West Point club is also called Spectrum and is based on the Coast Guard Academy club . With its approval still pending with the commandant , Stafford says cadets would welcome it . "  As we prepared for the repeal of DADT , we underestimated the level of respect and acceptance of the younger generation , and we see that in our cadets today . It is not an issue for the vast majority , " he said . On Saturday , a West Point alumni group called Knights Out will host a dinner at The West Point Officers Club . "  While policies have changed so events like this are possible , I think attitudes have been changing for a long time , " said Knights Out founder Sue Fulton , who was among the first women to graduate from the academy in 1980 . "  I do think it is always tough for young gay and lesbian people to be up front about their lives , but as long as gays and lesbians are invisible , some people will harbor prejudice , " she said . The dinner will celebrate the repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell " and the formation of Spectrum at West Point , and it will include cadets , alumni and others , according to Fulton . Representatives from The Citadel , the U.S. Naval Academy and The Virginia Military institute told CNN they have not been approached with formal requests to start LGBT clubs at their school , but if the momentum started by cadets at other institutions is any indication , it is only a matter of time before they do . As Stuart Mackenis , a spokesman for Virginia Military Institute , said , "  We have the diversity the whole world has . We do n't have a club now , be we could soon . "	After repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , cadets are reaching out , forming alliances Norwich University has Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Transgender , Questioning and Allies Club In December , U.S. Coast Guard cadets formed a gay-straight alliance group at the academy At the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , cadets are forming a Spectrum student group
MNN.com  -- I do n't know if I 've watched too many scary movies lately , but I 've been pondering natural burial alternatives for dearly departed pets . I know eco-sensitive burial methods are increasingly popular with humans , but I was n't sure about pets , so I checked it out . Ecologically sensitive burial methods have risen in popularity as of late , thanks much in part to the shaky economic climate . For budget-conscious families and green-minded mourners alike , cremation has emerged as an especially attractive alternative to old-fashioned burials that cost an arm and leg and are extremely resource intensive -- those resources being toxic embalming chemicals like formaldehyde , and concrete , steel and timber . Then , of course , there 's the land itself and the copious amount of water and landscaping chemicals needed to keep the carefully manicured plot where your great Aunt Enid is interred looking its best . Although cremation , in the end , is greener than traditional $ 4,000 metal casket-in-the-ground burials , it is n't without environmental minuses , specifically in terms of energy use and emissions . When it comes to sending a pet off into the great beyond , the options -- and their eco-drawbacks -- are similar : burial in a pet cemetery -- or zoological necropolis , if you will -- or more commonly , cremation . There 's also the bury-in-the-yard option , although you may want to check in with any local ordinances that may prohibit this if you plan on interring anything larger than a hamster , canary or goldfish . MNN : Former Marine wins fight to adopt retired bomb-sniffing dog If you go this route , you should also probably not plan on moving anytime in the near future . And then there 's freeze-dried taxidermy for those who really ca n't stand the thought of parting with their furry companion . There is a natural pet burial movement , although it 's a relatively small one . Founded in 2010 by Eric Greene , the Green Pet-Burial Society is a nonprofit organization that offers "  support for a gentle return " and seems to be the go-to resource for those curious about pet burials where eco-friendly/biodegradable containers , shrouds and unadorned pine boxes placed in natural settings are favored over plastic boxes and immaculately landscaped pet cemeteries . The Green Pet-Burial Society works in cooperation with the Green Burial Council in certifying eco-friendly pet cemeteries and maintains a list of participating providers including green cemeteries like Dust to Dust in Swansea , South Carolina. , and the Glendale Memorial Nature Preserve in Glendale , Florida. , that allow pet remains to be buried in family plots . Some pet cemeteries , such as Pennsylvania 's Keystone Pet Cemetery , offer "  Bio Cremation , " a process that uses alkaline hydrolysis instead of fire and boasts a dramatically reduced carbon footprint : It cuts natural gas usage by 90 % , electricity usage by 66 % , and CO2 emissions by 90 % . So there you have it -- the small but growing green pet burial movement . Not to be a Donald Downer , but if you have the chance , I 'd also check out this story about pet estate planning  yes , estate planning ... there 's quite a few wealthy animal heirs out there  and grieving . In the meantime , enjoy frolicking with your pets while you can . © Copyright 2011 Mother Nature Network	Ecologically sensitive burial methods have risen in popularity For a bury-in-the-yard option , you may want to check in with your local ordinances ` Bio Cremation ' uses alkaline hydrolysis instead of fire and leaves a lighter carbon footprint
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- OutKast 's Big Boi is a junkie , has been for years . Big Boi : "  You can really tell a lot about a person through the shoes , so I always like to keep me a fresh pair . " The multiplatinum rap star got his first shoe fix back when he was better known as Antwan Patton , a busboy at Steak and Ale . He saved up his paychecks and rushed to a dealer to cop the only thing that could cure his jones -- a pair of British Knights tennis shoes . "  I 've actually been into sneakers since I was a little kid , " Big Boi , 34 , said backstage before his concert this month at the Sneaker Pimps exhibition in Atlanta . "  You can really tell a lot about a person through the shoes , so I always like to keep me a fresh pair . " Sneaker culture has thrived for decades , but shoe companies have increasingly capitalized on the demand for one-of-a-kind kicks . Collectors , known as sneakerheads , have lined up to pay hundreds , even thousands , of dollars to ensure few people are wearing the same shoes . See some of the rarest shoes " "  Coming up , my mom got five kids so there was n't a whole lot of stylish tennis shoes around the house , so I used to want a lot of sneakers , " Big Boi said , explaining that he started making up for lost time -- and shoes -- long before OutKast 's 1994 debut , "  Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik . " Juan Castaneda , 27 , also grew up in a family of modest means and longed to don the fresh kicks he saw his peers wearing . "  When I got money to buy them , I started catching up , " said Castaneda , who works at a nursing home in Hendersonville , North Carolina . He estimates he owns about 200 pairs of sneakers , including a pair of Nike Air Jordan XIs with patent-leather trim called "  Space Jams . " They cost him $ 500 . It 's supply and demand at its simplest , said Elliott Curtis , a former Carnegie Mellon University basketball player who for two semesters taught Sneakerology 101 , billed as the first accredited class on sneaker culture . Shoe companies create a limited number  say , a few hundred pairs  of shoes -- even if it 's just an old model with new colors or materials -- and demand automatically spikes . "  It 's like a status symbol . If Nike is selling a shoe for $ 2,000 , they 're not expecting to sell that many , " the recent graduate said , adding that sneakerheads are drawn to scarcity . "  If they 've got money , they can buy coolness , " Curtis said . Curtis goes to garage sales and mom-and-pop stores seeking rare and retro sneakers for his 75-pair collection , but he concedes he 's waited in line for limited editions and paid as much as $ 250 for a pair . Sporting an ultra-rare set of blue-and-red "  Bugs Bunny " Nike Air Jordan VIIIs , Big Boi said he today boasts at least 400 pairs of sneakers , but he rarely pays for them because shoe companies send him pairs . His most expensive , a pair of crocodile-skin Nike Air Force 1s , sell on various auction sites for up to $ 1,800 . Big Boi has never worn them , but he plans on taking them out of their Nike lockbox this summer so he can wear them in a video for his upcoming solo album . To Peter Fahey , the mastermind behind Sneaker Pimps shoe shows , Big Boi 's enthusiasm is typical . Sneaker culture got its start in New York in the 1970s , mostly among playground streetballers and practitioners of an emerging genre of music called hip-hop . Over the next three decades , rappers and basketball players -- most notably , Run DMC and Chicago Bulls legend Michael Jordan -- would play integral roles in boosting the popularity of rare kicks . "  Run DMC were probably at the height of the whole movement . It was the first time music and sneakers crossed like this , " Fahey said of the group 's 1986 hit , "  My Adidas . " Today , Adidas , Nike and Puma compete with luxury brands such as Chanel , Prada and Gucci . The major sports shoe companies also allow customers to design their own shoes . Upstarts such as San Francisco 's JB Classics and Japan 's Madfoot and KKOK have snatched up market share as well . Shoe companies realize hip-hop 's influence and work hard to get "  a fresh pair of steps " on a rapper 's feet . Earlier this year , Converse released a line of its iconic All-Stars in tandem with Chicago rhymesmith Lupe Fiasco . Nike has issued two versions of the Air Yeezy , inspired by rapper-producer Kanye West . Louis Vuitton also has teamed up with West . Some lines , such as the Yeezys , quickly become collectors ' items . Die-hard sneakerheads keep them in their original boxes like "  Star Wars " action figures and ferret them away in closets , their soles never to be scuffed by a sidewalk . Bryan Lyle , 22 , of Stockbridge , Georgia , said he recently camped out three nights at an Atlanta boutique to get one of the shop 's eight pairs of Air Yeezys . Lyle paid $ 300 , a small fortune for shoes , but Castaneda said the price more than doubled within days . He got a pair of Yeezys from an eBay merchant in Hong Kong . The damage ? $ 700 . Melissa Bailey of Hendersonville , North Carolina , takes photos at the Sneaker Pimps show . Castaneda 's girlfriend , Melissa Bailey , 26 , said Castaneda actually bought three pairs . He found two online and paid someone to camp out for the others . Castaneda 's modus operandi is to buy three pairs of his favorite shoes -- one to wear , one to store for later and one to sell or trade , she said . "  He will not walk through grass . He will not walk through dirt , " Bailey said . For the last six years , Fahey has had a front-row seat for the evolution of sneaker culture . He held the first Sneaker Pimps show in Sydney , Australia , in 2003 , but only 200 people showed up , belying the trend 's rising popularity . Soon , however , tens of thousands would attend shows in more than 60 cities . A 2006 show in Jakarta , Indonesia , drew about 13,000 sneakerheads . The shows now feature between 1,000 and 1,500 shoes . Some are rare . Others are signed by celebrities . Hip-hop acts are a staple , as is artwork -- on both kicks and canvas . At this month 's show , hundreds of sneaker enthusiasts filed through Atlanta 's Tabernacle with the decorum of museum patrons , stopping to admire the shoes displayed on swaths of chain-link fence . There were novice sneakerheads , such as Chris Shepherd , 20 , and Charnelle Cook , 20 , an Atlanta couple who marveled over the DC Comics and Transformers sneakers . Asked about her multicolored hightops , Cook said , "  I could n't tell you what these are called . All I know is they 're Reeboks , and they 're fly . " There were seasoned collectors , such as Kyle Self , 35 , of Decatur , Georgia , who said he had about 25 pairs , some of them still in their boxes . Included in the group are three pairs of $ 400 low-top Pradas , which he called his "  everyday sneakers . " There were even female collectors , such as artist Estasha Goodwin , 23 , who modeled a pair of shimmering gold , winged -- yes , winged -- hightops made by Adidas and designer Jeremy Scott . She complained that shoe companies too often focus on the male market and ignored female aficionados . "  When they do cater to us , it 's always bubblegum pink . They do n't even make them in our sizes , " she said . "  I know women who know more about sneakers than any dude out here today . " Incidentally , her favorite of the 15 pairs she owns were made for men -- the Nike "  Ace of Spades " Dunks , inspired by the Detroit Tigers ' high-kicking pitcher , Dontrelle Willis , who is prominently featured on the black-and-aqua shoe 's hightop . Asked why she shelled out $ 250 for them , she gave a familiar response : "  It 's a feeling you get when you know you 're the only one that has something . Even if you 're not , it 's the way you walk it . "	Big Boi says he has 400 pairs , including crocodile-skin Nikes he 's never worn Shoe companies capitalizing on niche demand for rare , limited-edition sneakers Sneakerology teacher : "  If they 've got money , they can buy coolness " Woman says boyfriend "  will not walk through grass . He will not walk through dirt "
Cambridge , MA  CNN  -- As Daniel Nocera gazed down on one of his experiments in what has come to be known as the "  holy grail " of energy research , his response was to shrug : "  Oh , that ca n't be right . " It was a glass of tap water with a thumb-sized strip of silicon floating in it . When he held the glass up to the light , the strip began to gently bubble . It seemed to be splitting water into hydrogen and oxygen . But this would mean you could take any tub of water and -- with no more than a few cheap materials and a little light from the sun -- produce two incredibly powerful fuels . It could n't be right . Professor Nocera went back and , for 8 months , tried to prove himself wrong . The artificial leaf : better than nature Scientists had split water before . By 1870 , electrolysis using platinum electrodes and vast electrical currents could achieve the feat . In the 20th century , too , simpler methods had been developed which used sunlight to power the reaction -- but these , too , relied on prohibitively costly metals . Nocera 's "  artificial leaf " is different . On either side , the silicone strip is coated with inexpensive metallic compounds -- a cobalt phosphate catalyst that spurs the creation of oxygen gas , and a nickel-zinc alloy that does the same for hydrogen . The process only uses as much energy as it can pick up from sunlight : in the lab , Nocera flicks off the light , and the bubbles disappear . The reaction was inefficient when first demonstrated in 2008 -- with little of the sunlight being locked up in the fuels -- but today it beats nature at its own game . In natural photosynthesis , the process by which all plants take in energy -- and which ultimately provides the fuel for all life on earth -- only very small amounts of solar energy are converted to fuel . "  The best stuff that grows in the field , a plant , it only fixes 1 % of the light , " explains Nocera . "  We 're already on 7 % . " Freedom from the grid "  My vision of the world is : if you see some sun , you will be in control of your own energy supply , " says Nocera , now professor of energy at Harvard University . First , he 's looking to the developing world where , he says , two drinking bottles of water could provide a household with a steady 100 watt power supply The water would n't even need to be clean : "  You find some water on the ground , you put it in , the water circulates over this thing that 's collecting the light just like a solar panel and then it 's splitting into hydrogen and oxygen . " Anyone could have an artificial leaf device -- which he predicts "  will look like dishwashers " -- and produce enough bottled hydrogen and oxygen to power the house through the day and night . In the developed world , colossal investment in power stations , pylons and other infrastructure over the last century has guaranteed inexpensive electrical supply for all from the grid -- and he says there 's therefore currently little demand for this kind of personal power station . But in the developing world , where many are without connection to such infrastructure , there is a real desire -- if it can be made cheap . That 's why Nocera sees his mission -- now focused on driving down costs -- as more than just an act charity : "  You can say I 'm trying to help the poor -- I always say : ` No , the poor are helping me , ' because they can be much more nimble . " "  They can be the early adopters and teach the world what the future energy system will look like . " Why it wo n't happen soon Today , Nocara knows he 's not wrong about what he saw in the glass . He 's sure he has found the key to turning water and sunlight into high-power fuels , without high costs . "  I 've found the solution , there 's no question . You can take sunlight and water , drop this thing in , and simply split hydrogen and oxygen . You ca n't get simpler . " So when will we see his remarkable creation on the ground ? "  Not very quickly , " says Nocera . "  I tell you what I do n't like about my invention ? I make hydrogen . " "  Hydrogen is the most powerful fuel , but it 's a gas . If I gave you hydrogen right now you would n't know what to do with it . " For now , he says , he 'll have to work on convincing people to find ways to make hydrogen "  fuel cell " technology easy-to-use . That , or combine hydrogen with CO2 to produce the type of liquid fuels we 're more familiar with -- gasoline or diesel -- a process which has seen big advances in recent years . Still he refuses to get disheartened , and believes it will happen one day : "  When you are trying to make a new energy infrastructure -- you better understand that this is n't going to happen overnight . "  There 's nothing any scientist is going to invent in a lab that will displace hundreds of trillions of dollars ' worth of investment in an energy infrastructure . " "  It 's got to be a mind-set -- everyone 's got to want it . " Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Wireless electricity ? It 's here Forget wearable tech , embeddable implants are already here Spider lessons : How to mend your body with silk	Daniel Nocera has created the "  artificial leaf " The low-cost device can turn water and sunlight into stored energy It has long been dubbed the "  holy grail " of energy research Find out why you wo n't be getting your hands on it anytime soon
President Barack Obama formally opened his re-election bid Saturday with two rallies in which he highlighted accomplishments over his three and a half years in the White House and argued that America ca n't afford to adopt Republicans ' "  bad ideas . " "  We are making progress and now we face a choice , " said the president , at his first rally at the Schottenstein Center on the campus of The Ohio State University in Columbus . "  This is a make or break moment for the middle class , and we ca n't turn back now . " In this 36-minute-long address , Obama said presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney would "  rubber stamp " the congressional GOP agenda , telling the crowd that "  we can not give him that chance . " "  That 's the choice in this election , and that 's why I 'm running for a second term as president of the United States , " added Obama . The speech highlighted the narrative that the Obama campaign hopes to push this year : reminding voters how many millions of jobs were lost before the president took office . The president said that in the final six months of 2008 , "  nearly three million of our neighbors lost their jobs . " But he said when he took office , "  We did n't quit . We do n't quit . Together we are fighting our way back . " Obama touted the federal government 's rescue of the big auto companies , and he criticized his challenger , saying "  when some wanted to let Detroit go bankrupt , we did n't turn our backs . " "  Today , America 's auto industry is on top of the world , " he said . The Michigan-born Romney , whose father was a former auto executive and governor of that state , opposed the bailout , saying a structured bankruptcy could have achieved the same result without the massive cost to the U.S. government . Moreover , the former Massachusetts governor has argued the Obama administration made too many concessions to auto unions as part of that bailout . The president also touted his foreign policy achievements , saying that "  for the first time in nine years , there are no Americans fighting in Iraq . " He said that "  Osama bin Laden is no longer a threat to this country , " and "  al Qaeda is on the path to defeat . " He then pledged that "  by 2014 , the war in Afghanistan will be over , " and pointed out that Romney had opposed setting a troop withdrawal deadline in that conflict . On the controversial issue of illegal immigration , Obama declared , "  It 's time to stop denying citizenship to responsible young people just because they 're the children of undocumented immigrants . " Romney took a hard stance against illegal immigration during the Republican primaries , opposing the president 's push for a limited pathway to citizenship for some illegal immigrants . The issue is of importance to the growing Latino electorate in the United States . The Ohio arena , which holds around 20,000 people , appeared to be around two-thirds to three-quarters full , with around half of the seating in the upper deck empty . The Columbus fire department estimated the crowd size at 14,000 . While smaller in size than many Obama rallies during the 2008 campaign , the crowd dwarfed the size of any rally held this cycle by Romney . The presumptive GOP nominee 's campaign quickly reacted to the president 's speech . "  The fact remains that American families are struggling on his watch : to pay their bills , find a job and keep their homes . While President Obama all but ignored his record over three and a half years in office , the American people wo n't . This November , they will hold him accountable for his broken promises and ineffective leadership , " Romney campaign press secretary Andrea Saul said in a statement . Prior to Saturday 's rally , the president had made 20 trips to Ohio since taking office . Romney returns to Ohio on Monday , his third trip to the Buckeye State in three weeks . Ohio 's unemployment level stands at 7.5 % , slightly lower than the national average of 8.1 % . Ohio has become a crucial battleground state in recent presidential elections . The Buckeye State put President George W. Bush over the top in his 2004 re-election . Four years ago , Obama won Ohio by five percentage points over Sen. John McCain of Arizona . The most recent public opinion poll in Ohio , released earlier this week by Quinnipiac University , indicated a tie between Obama and Romney . According to the survey , 44 % of registered voters supported Obama , with 42 % backing Romney . The president 's two-point margin was well with in the poll 's sampling error . Acknowledging that his re-election bid faces hurdles , the president told those in the audience that "  Ohio , this election will be closer than the last . " And while he continuously talked about moving "  forward " -- his 2012 campaign slogan -- in his speech , he did hark back to his 2008 slogan . "  If people ask what this campaign is about , you tell them it 's still about hope , it 's still about change , " said Obama . After the Ohio speech , the president went to Virginia , another crucial battleground state , and held a rally on the Richmond campus of Virginia Commonwealth University . The Rams successful men 's basketball coach Shaka Smart hosted the event at the school 's Stuart C. Siegel Center . A fire marshal said that about 8,000 people were in attendance , filling the arena to capacity according to the Obama campaign . First lady Michele Obama introduced her husband , telling the crowd , "  We 've come so far . We 've got so much more to do . " The president then took the stage , offering a speech much like the one he 'd made hours earlier in Ohio . He pointed to the "  progress " made during his first term , and suggested Romney and "  his friends " were delusional if they "  think that the same bad ideas will lead to a different result . " Obama ended his speech trying to fire up his supporters to "  stick with me , fight with me , and press on with me . " "  If you 're willing to work even harder in this election than in the last election , I guarantee you we will move this country forward , " he told the Richmond crowd . "  We will finish what we started . "	"  We will finish what we started , " Obama tells backers at a Virginia rally The president began the day with an event in Ohio , kicking off his re-election bid Both Ohio and Virginia are considered crucial battleground states in the election Romney is returning to Ohio on Monday
London  CNN  -- French President Nicolas Sarkozy and his U.S. counterpart Barack Obama have come under fire after they were overheard talking rudely about Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the G-20 summit . Sarkozy was overheard telling Obama : "  I ca n't stand him . He 's a liar , " according to French website Arret Sur Images . Obama is reported to have replied : "  You 're tired of him ; what about me ? I have to deal with him every day . " The comments have provoked criticism in Israel and the United States -- but it is not the first time a prominent figure has been caught off-guard , on-mic . CNN looks back at 10 of the most infamous gaffes . Gordon Brown on ` bigoted ' voter Then-British Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's 2010 election campaign was not going well , but he had no idea how much worse it was going to get when he stopped to chat with a voter a week before the poll . Gillian Duffy , then a 66-year-old pensioner , proceeded to berate Brown , explaining why -- despite having backed his Labour party all her life -- she was now "  ashamed " to admit her political allegiance . Brown kept up a polite conversation with her as the TV cameras looked on , then drove away unaware his microphone was still on . Once inside the car , he complained to advisers : "  That was a disaster . They should never have put me with that woman ... Ridiculous ... Bigoted woman . " Brown later apologized , but went on to lose the election . George W. Bush to Tony Blair Brown 's predecessor , Tony Blair , was witness to one of the most famous on-mic blunders by U.S. President George W. Bush during a lunch meeting at the 2006 G-8 summit in Russia . Bush hailed the prime minister with the greeting "  Yo Blair ! " and thanked him for a recent gift of a sweater . He then began discussing the situation in the Middle East , offering a not-entirely-diplomatic solution to the difficulties between Syria and Israel . "  What they need to do , " he told Blair , "  is get Syria to get Hezbollah to stop doing this s -- and it 's all over . " George W. Bush on reporter The 43rd President of the U.S. was no stranger to the gaffe -- entire books were written about his famous "  Bushisms " -- and they were in evidence even on the election trail . At an Illinois campaign stop in September 2000 , Bush was caught on camera referring to New York Times reporter Adam Clymer as a "  major-league a ------ " -- to which his running mate Dick Cheney replied : "  Oh yeah , big time . " Bush later said he was sorry his comments -- intended , according to his advisers , as a "  whispered aside " -- were overheard . "  I regret that the private comments made it to the public airwaves , " he said . "  I regret people heard the comments . " Prince Charles on royal correspondent George W. Bush is not the only one to have voiced his frustration and anger at a member of the media in an unguarded on-camera moment . Prince Charles got himself in hot water with the British press when he was caught muttering under his breath about a reporter to his sons William and Harry during a photocall on a skiing holiday in Switzerland in 2005 . Taking exception to a question from the BBC 's veteran royal correspondent , Nicholas Witchell , the prince complained : "  Bloody people . I ca n't bear that man . He 's so awful , he really is . " The comment did little to repair Charles ' fractious relationship with the media , and proved that gaffes can still offend , even when couched in polite language . Joe Biden to Barack Obama U.S. Vice President Joe Biden is in a class all his own when it comes to putting his foot in it . In one of his most famous blunders , he was caught on tape dropping the F-bomb while congratulating Obama over the signing of the controversial healthcare bill in March 2010 . Introducing the President to the media , he turned to hug Obama , and was heard whispering : "  This is a big f ------ deal . " Jesse Jackson on Barack Obama Obama has also been the target of on-camera slip-ups . In the run-up to the 2008 election , veteran civil rights campaigner Jesse Jackson was overheard accusing the then-Illinois Senator of "  talking down to black people . " During the taping of an interview for Fox News , Jackson whispered to a fellow pundit "  I want to cut his nuts off . " Jackson later apologized for his "  regrettably crude " remarks , which became one of the immortalized soundbites of the campaign . John Major on colleagues -- and himself Elections are fertile hunting ground for gaffes , as politicians battle for airtime and headlines , but then-UK Prime Minister John Major found himself in trouble in 1993 when he admitted he did n't understand why people kept voting for him . The day after members of his Conservative party had rebelled in parliament over plans to expand Britain 's links with Europe , the normally unemotive Major was heard referring to the eurosceptic MPs as "  bastards , " and threatening to "  crucify " them . Speaking to a reporter after an interview -- when he thought the microphone had been switched off -- Major said he could not see "  how such a complete wimp like me keeps winning everything . " Jacques Chirac on British food French President Jacques Chirac also had winning on his mind when he was caught out on tape , criticizing an entire nation in 2005 . Chirac was playing a leading role in Paris 's quest to host the 2012 Olympics when he tried to make the most of what he saw as a clear advantage over competitor city London : Food . "  The only thing that they have ever done for European agriculture is mad cow disease , " he told Russian President Vladimir Putin and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder . "  You can not trust people who have such bad cuisine . " Predictably , the comments provoked the ire of the British tabloids , but the Brits had the last laugh days later , when London won the rights to stage the 2012 Olympics . Jean Chretien on U.S. politicians Chirac is not the only politician to have risked cross-border conflict with an ill-advised on-mic jibe . Speaking to his counterparts from Belgium and Luxembourg at a NATO summit in Madrid in 1997 , Jean Chretien , the then-Prime Minister of Canada , was overheard taking aim at his neighbors in the United States . Chretien was taped claiming that U.S. politicians would all be in jail if they worked in Canada or elsewhere , as they all sold their votes . Ronald Reagan on Russia While Chretien 's remarks did not prompt an attack on Ottawa , a joke by U.S. President Ronald Reagan at the height of the Cold War could have had much more serious implications . Taking part in a sound-check shortly before his weekly radio address to the nation in August 1984 , Reagan "  announced " to listeners : "  My fellow Americans , I 'm pleased to tell you today that I have signed legislation that will outlaw Russia forever . "  We begin bombing in five minutes . "	Nicolas Sarkozy overheard calling Benjamin Netanyahu ' a liar ' at G-20 summit Gaffe is not the first time a politician has been caught on-microphone but off-guard George W. Bush , Ronald Reagan , Joe Biden all made similar gaffes
CNN  -- A suspect charged in the failed Times Square car bombing is a Pakistani who became a naturalized U.S. citizen in April 2009 and used to work as a financial analyst in Connecticut . Faisal Shahzad , 30 , most recently of Bridgeport , Connecticut , was arrested Monday night at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York as his flight to Dubai was about to take off , law enforcement officials said . Federal authorities had put him on a no-fly list earlier in the day , with investigators having determined that he had purchased the vehicle used in Saturday 's failed bombing attempt , FBI Deputy Director John Pistole said Tuesday . Customs and Border Protection agents reacted quickly to the name match and made the arrest , Pistole said . Shahzad has been charged with five counts in connection with the case , according to documents filed Tuesday in U.S. District Court in New York . According to the documents , he admitted to law enforcement officials that he attempted to detonate the bomb and that he recently received bomb-making training in the Waziristan region of Pakistan . Also according to the complaint , Shahzad returned to the United States via a one-way ticket from Pakistan on February 3 . He had told immigration officials upon his return that he had been visiting his parents in Pakistan for the previous five months , the complaint said . Shahzad has a Karachi identification card , a sign of Pakistani residency , and his family is from northwestern Pakistan , according to Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik . His father is a retired senior officer in the Pakistani Air Force , Shahzad 's cousin , Kafayat Ali , said on Tuesday . The father , Bahar Ul Haq , a former air vice marshal , lives in the Peshawar suburb of Hayatabad in Pakistan . Shahzad came to the United States and attended college , earning a bachelor 's degree in computer applications and information systems from Connecticut 's University of Bridgeport in 2000 . He earned an MBA at the school in 2005 . He started working as a junior financial analyst for Affinion Media Group in Norwalk , Connecticut , in 2006 , leaving voluntarily in June 2009 , according to Affinion spokesman Michael Bush . Before what the court document says was Shahzad 's trip to Pakistan , he lived in Shelton , Connecticut . A woman who said she had lived next door to him in Shelton told CNN on Tuesday that the man she knew did n't say much and claimed to work on Wall Street in New York . "  He was quiet . He would wear all black and jog at night . He said he did n't like the sunlight , " Brenda Thurman said . She said Shahzad , his wife and two children and his wife 's two sisters lived next to her for about three years , moving out in July 2009 . People whom she believes were plainclothes law enforcement officers appeared to be staking out the house Monday , Thurman told CNN affiliate WTNH-TV . The neighbor said she often saw Shahzad leaving the home in the morning and returning in the evening . She also saw him in his yard with his children , a boy and a girl , and the family usually wore traditional Muslim attire , she told WTNH-TV . She said she never suspected he might be involved in a possible terror attack . "  I did n't think he was capable of doing something like that . ... I 'm very shocked , " she said . Thurman said her daughter often played with Shahzad 's daughter , but she herself did n't have much contact with the family . Shahzad 's wife spoke English , but was apparently so insecure about her language ability that she told people she did not , Thurman said . "  I never knew she spoke English until it was time for her to move , " Thurman said . Shahzad 's wife told Thurman in July 2009 that the family was moving to Missouri . A few weeks after they left their home , the lender foreclosed on the property and changed the locks , the neighbor said . At the Bridgeport residence where authorities say he lived most recently , agents with the FBI and local police , including members of a bomb squad , conducted a search , and investigators removed filled plastic bags . Cell phone calls conducted for the purchase of the vehicle used in Saturday 's bombing attempt helped lead police to the suspect , law enforcement sources said . Sources said investigators got cell phone information from the daughter of the Nissan Pathfinder owner . She sold the vehicle to Shahzad on behalf of her father . She had been talking on the phone to Shahzad in arranging the purchase of the SUV , which was advertised for sale on Craigslist . The Nissan Pathfinder was parked in Times Square containing propane tanks , fertilizer and gasoline on Saturday night . After police retrieved the vehicle identification number of the Pathfinder , they located the registered owner of the vehicle . The sources said the owner 's daughter had met with Shahzad at a Stratford , Connecticut , grocery store , for the sale . Shahzad took the car for a test drive in the parking lot and bought the vehicle for $ 1,300 in cash . Bridgeport is a working class city of 130,000 on Long Island Sound , 66 miles northeast of New York City . Per capita income there is 26 percent below the national average , and 27 percent of its residents are foreign-born , more than twice the national average , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . CNN 's Deborah Feyerick , Drew Griffin , Joneil Adriano , Samson Desta , Reza Sayah , Jim Kavanagh and the CNN Wire Staff contributed to this report .	Suspect in bombing attempt made Pakistan trip in 2009 , court documents say Court documents : Suspect admits receiving bomb-making training in Pakistan Faisal Shahzad often wore black and jogged at night , ex-neighbor in Connecticut says Phone calls related to purchase of vehicle led investigators to suspect
CNN  Southwest Airlines missed required inspections on 128 of its Boeing 737 aircraft , leading to the cancellation of dozens of flights this week . The Federal Aviation Administration has said the airline can keep flying the planes for up to five days while the maintenance checks are completed , Southwest said . The airline was overdue for a required maintenance check on the standby hydraulic system for the planes , both the FAA and Southwest said . Southwest notified the FAA of the lapsed inspections on Tuesday , then voluntarily grounded the 128 aircraft while regulators evaluated the airline 's plan to complete the overdue checks , the FAA said . Southwest had to cancel approximately 80 flights on Tuesday because of the groundings . On Wednesday , the airline said it was anticipating "  very minimal impact " to its operation "  as remaining checks are completed . " CNN 's Aaron Cooper and Tina Burnside contributed to this report	The FAA gives Southwest five days to complete the missed checks The planes were overdue for required inspections Approximately 80 flights were canceled
CNN  -- Richard Garriott had more reason than most to dream the Apollo moon landings would rapidly expand space travel . His father was a NASA astronaut , as were many of his neighbors near Texas ' Johnson Space Center . This is a rendering of XCOR Aerospace 's Lynx , which would be used to send people on suborbital spaceflights . With nearly all of humanity still on Earth nearly four decades later , the computer game developer paid $ 35 million for a ride aboard a Russian Soyuz spacecraft to the international space station . "  Flight to space is an entire series of pinnacle life experiences , " said Garriott , a 48-year-old board member of Space Adventures , the company that arranged his 12-day trip last year . "  The view of the Earth is life changing . " Garriott believes the United States has n't fulfilled the promise of the Apollo program yet . "  It was an assumed future that we 'd all go to space -LSB- by now -RSB- , " he said . "  That has n't come to pass , and it 's created this interesting evolution of spaceflight right now . " That evolution involves the privatization of space , and although the prospect of a spacecraft in every garage is n't near , a few private firms are getting close to manned , commercial spaceflight . Some companies , such as Virgin Galactic , aim to sell suborbital flights -- high enough to reach the edges of space and weightlessness -- within the next few years . The flights have varied purposes , including tourism and science experiments . A Nevada company hopes to sell habitable space stations where paying clients would conduct scientific research . Two relatively new U.S. aerospace companies were hired last year by NASA to send unmanned cargo to the international space station . NASA plans to retire the space shuttle at the end of 2010 and would n't be able to send crews to the space station for at least several years after that . "  I really view us and the private sector as the spiritual inheritors of Apollo , " said Mike Gold , director of the Washington office of Bigelow Aerospace , the company developing the commercial space stations . Suborbital flights : Thrills and experiments now , orbit later One group preparing to sell suborbital flights is Virgin Galactic , whose parent company is partnering with California-based Scaled Composites to develop SpaceShipTwo , the successor to 2004 's Ansari X Prize-winning SpaceShipOne . Space tourists will pay Virgin $ 200,000 each for training and a 2.5-hour flight to the edge of space and back . About 300 people have paid at least the majority of the fee to reserve the first flights , and about 80,000 others have registered interest , said Stephen Attenborough , Virgin Galactic 's commercial director . The spaceship , which will carry six passengers and be based in New Mexico , will be hoisted by a carrier craft to 50,000 feet before blasting on its own to suborbit , where passengers will float weightless about the cabin and see space and the Earth through large windows . The craft will land on a runway and be reused . The carrier craft is being flight tested , and SpaceShipTwo 's flight tests are expected to begin at the end of this year , Attenborough said . With 20 to 30 test spaceflights expected , it could be 18 months to two years before it 's ready commercially , he said . Tourism is n't the only planned use . The craft could be modified to launch microsatellites , and Virgin hopes to sell flights to agencies for microgravity or atmospheric experiments . "  To be able to have something like SpaceCraftTwo to put scientists in space ... at a relatively low cost , it 's transforming for science , " Attenborough said . California 's XCOR Aerospace also is developing a reusable vehicle that will take a pilot and a front-seat customer to the edge of space -- for pleasure or to transport scientific payloads that would benefit from microgravity . XCOR 's Lynx , roughly the size of a small airplane , will take off and land on a runway and propel itself with liquid-fuel engines . Sales agent RocketShip Tours is selling one-hour Lynx rides plus training for $ 95,000 a person . Initially launching from Mojave , California , participants will get a view from the edge of space for several minutes and briefly experience weightlessness . Test flights may begin by the end of 2010 , and testing would take at least a year , CEO Jeff Greason said . A second , expendable stage may be added to launch nanosatellites , he said . Like other suborbital providers , XCOR eventually wants to develop an orbital vehicle . The Lynx is a technical pathfinder to that -- something that could make money and prove the reliability and safety of the technology . "  There 's a market for people in orbit if the price is low enough , " Greason said . "  There 's more work to do -LSB- in orbit -RSB- , including people flying to be a laborer to work on somebody 's widget or experiment . " iReport.com : Where were you during the moon landing ? Commercial , habitable space stations Getting people to orbit is exactly what Bigelow Aerospace needs to sell its space stations . Bigelow is developing expandable space habitats with a flexible-fabric shell . They would be compressed in a capsule for launch and expand upon deployment . Bigelow primarily sees the habitats as destinations for research scientists and astronauts -- particularly those from countries that have n't used the international space station as much as they 'd like or nations making their first steps into space , Gold said . The space station 's own future is in doubt , with a NASA space station program manager recently telling a public hearing that NASA currently plans to de-orbit the station in 2016 , according to The Washington Post . Affordable microgravity research can help manufacturers make new material for things such as supercomputers and buildings , Gold said . Bigelow -- founded and financed by hotel chain owner Robert Bigelow -- put two subscale , uninhabited models in orbit in 2006 and 2007 through a Russian/Ukrainian launch provider . It eventually aims to develop a full habitat that can support up to eight people . But it wo n't launch the habitat without a way to transport people there . Gold , Garriott and others in the private sector say they hope NASA can be persuaded to invest in , and eventually hire , aerospace companies to deliver NASA astronauts to low-Earth orbit instead of using its own spacecraft . In such a scenario , the companies would also get to sell their shuttle services to other private-sector customers . That would increase launch rates and lower costs for NASA and the private sector , they said . NASA did not respond to a request for comment . Putting people into orbit One company that may wish to help is Space Exploration Technologies  SpaceX  , one of two firms NASA hired to send unmanned cargo to the international space station after the shuttle 's planned retirement . SpaceX , founded and financed by PayPal founder Elon Musk , received money from NASA to develop its spacecraft . Last year , the California company was awarded a NASA contract for 12 supply flights from roughly 2011 to 2015 . SpaceX will use its Falcon 9 rocket topped by its Dragon capsule , which would carry the cargo . The rocket 's first test flight should be later this year , said Larry Williams , SpaceX 's vice president for strategic relations . Three demonstration flights with the Dragon would follow , starting perhaps in early 2010 , with the Dragon docking with the space station on the third trip . NASA does have an option to fund a version of the Dragon that can transport astronauts , and SpaceX is eager to do that . However , NASA has n't executed the option , Williams said . With the global economic downturn , one might think developing space products and finding customers would be difficult . But people in the industry -- especially those working for companies founded by businessmen with large fortunes -- say they 'll be fine in the long term . "  Our industry is still hiring engineers , whereas most industries are laying people off , " said John Gedmark , executive director of the industry group Commercial Spaceflight Federation . "  The investors putting money behind these ventures are personally committed . "	Private firms are getting close to manned , commercial spaceflight Companies are preparing to sell suborbital flights for pleasure , science Firms see suborbital flights as a stepping stone to orbital ventures Bigelow Aerospace is developing habitable space stations
CNN  -- Throughout Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio 's campaign for New York 's top political act , his backup band seemed to overshadow the headliner . His son Dante , a sophomore at a public high school in Brooklyn , appeared prominently in campaign ads , his soaring Afro a topic of conversation in political circles . Daughter Chiara , a college freshman , out-danced the rest of the telegenic family at the West Indian Day Parade with a move they called "  The Smackdown . " Watch the de Blasios dance "  The Smackdown " A virtual unknown nationally despite 25 years in New York politics , de Blasio defied critics who questioned whether his experience as a city councilman from Brooklyn and , most recently , as public advocate -- a sort of civic watchdog -- sufficiently prepared him to run the Big Apple . He also ran Hillary Clinton 's first U.S. Senate campaign . But his biracial family 's increasing visibility resonated with residents of a city coping with a 21 % poverty rate and increasing racial divisiveness brought on by the controversial "  stop-and-frisk " policy allowing police to search people in high-crime areas . "  His family , just because of the racial mix , represents a big and increasingly large part of the city and speaks to certain sensibilities , " said Harold Ickes , a veteran Democratic Party operative who advised the campaign and has known de Blasio for two decades . "  The family is very important to Bill ... From the outside , this family represents a part of the city not represented in city government . " The de Blasio clan was featured prominently in commercials and campaign events . Dante , then 15 , appeared in his own ad over the summer that highlighted his father 's stance against "  stop-and-frisk . " Dante and his hair immediately became a social media sensation -- and de Blasio began to surge in the polls . In addition , Chirlane McCray , a political activist who once identified herself as lesbian before marrying de Blasio , emerged as a top campaign strategist . 5 things to know about New York 's new mayor DeBlasio , 52 , portrayed himself as the "  unapologetically progressive alternative to the Bloomberg era , " saying that the current mayor 's polices favor the rich . He repeatedly used the Dickensian phrase "  a tale of two cities " to describe New York City under billionaire Mayor Michael Bloomberg . The wealth inequality message appeared to have struck home with minority and low-income voters on Tuesday , giving de Blasio an advantage over Republican candidate Joe Lhota among black and Latino voters compared to white voters . "  The city is much more racially mixed than when Bloomberg took office , " Ickes said . "  A lot of people having a hard time economically are black , Hispanic and Asian and Bill spoke elegantly to that . " De Blasio 's critics accused him of dividing the city along economic and racial lines , and credited "  stop-and-frisk " with a sharp crime reduction during Bloomberg 's tenure . Appearing on CNN 's The Lead with Jake Tapper on Wednesday , Bloomberg said he had a meeting with de Blasio and vowed to help with the transition . "  Keep in mind , I have a big vested interest in making Bill de Blasio an even better mayor than I was , " Bloomberg said . "  We built a lot . We 've given them a lot to work with ... But the bottom line is , I 'm going to live in New York City and I want Bill de Blasio 's administration to be successful and our administration to do everything to transfer everything we 've been doing over . " De Blasio , who has a bachelor 's degree from New York University and a master 's in international and public affairs from Columbia University , met McCray while working in the administration of David Dinkins , the city 's first black mayor . When de Blasio delivered his acceptance speech late on Election Day , he was surrounded , like most of the campaign , by his family . The strapping politician , the first Democratic mayor in the largely-Democratic city in two decades , hugged son and daughter and planted a firm kiss on the lips of his wife before going on to thank the many people behind his triumph . "  The people I 'm most grateful to and most grateful for are standing next to me , " he said amid cheers and applause . "  My partner in life , my best friend in the world : she is brilliant and every bit as compassionate as she is tough , the love of my life Chirlane McCray . " He added , "  Of everything I have to feel fortunate about , I am most lucky , most blessed to be the father of two extraordinary children : Chiara and Dante . They make me proud every single day . And , my fellow New Yorkers , they are very stylish . " De Blasio greeted his supporters in both Spanish and Italian . McCray introduced him : "  From our family to your family , I give you the next mayor of New York City . "	Not everyone is a fan , though Mayor Bloomberg vows to help with the transition Biracial family of New York Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio influences his campaign Increasing visibility of de Blasio clan resonates with New Yorkers
CNN  -- Matthew Sudders has been on plenty of cruises , but he 'd never seen anything like this . The civil servant from Paris was aboard the Carnival Paradise on Tuesday when he noticed the ship had started to slow down in the middle of the Caribbean Sea . Then an announcement came over the public address system : The captain had spotted a small boat in the water , and it appeared to be in distress . The Paradise would try to help . It appeared to Sudders that the cruise ship 's captain was trying to shelter the small boat from the waves . Once they were close enough , ship staff lowered a platform down to the water and threw a rope and life jackets to the stranded craft . Eventually , the 24 passengers from the boat , all of Cuban nationality , were able to board the Paradise . They had been stranded for five days , according to an announcement on the ship 's PA system , said Sudders , one of two passengers who posted accounts of the rescue on CNN iReport . "  There was a huge cheer for the people as they came aboard , " Sudders said from Grand Cayman Island on Wednesday . But he noticed a few of the cruise passengers were hesitant . Some of the people he stood next to on deck referenced Capt. Richard Phillips -- the American freighter captain whose 2009 hijacking by Somali pirates inspired an Oscar-nominated film -- hoping that the new passengers were not a risk . He says cruise officials later informed him that the new passengers would have been subjected to security screening as they were brought on board . The ship was en route to Grand Cayman from Tampa , Florida , when it stopped to aid the stranded boat on the first day of the cruise . "  The ship turned slowly and approached the boat , " said Sudders , who was still aboard the five-day Caribbean cruise Wednesday . "  The people in it were yelling in Spanish . One of them appeared to be unwell in the bottom of the boat . We could see that there was water in the bottom of the boat and although it had an engine , it was not running . As we approached the boat , one of the passengers was flagging us down with his jacket . " In a statement , Carnival officials said the ship 's itinerary was unaffected by the rescue . Ship staff provided the new passengers with food , water , fresh clothing and accommodations , and they were evaluated by the ship 's medical team , the statement said . The Paradise also reported the rescue to the U.S. Coast Guard . This is n't the first time a cruise ship has provided rescue services while at sea . Last year , another Carnival ship and a Disney ship picked up 21 people of uncertain nationality who were stranded on a raft off the coast of Key West . And in 2012 , a Royal Caribbean ship rescued 23 Cubans , also near the Cayman Islands .	Carnival Paradise rescued 24 people from small , stranded boat on Tuesday They were given water , food , clothing , accommodations and medical care All 24 passengers rescued were of Cuban nationality
CNN  -- An American amateur golfer is poised to extend an incredible world record on December 26 as he aims to complete his 600th round of 2010 . Richard Lewis holds the Guinness Book of World Records ' title of "  Most Avid Golfer " after breaking the mark of most rounds played in a year when he finished his 587th on December 19 . The 64-year-old , who has played as many as 54 holes in a day , will take to the tee at the Four Seasons Resort and Club in the Las Colinas region of Dallas , Texas for his next milestone . He has played all of his rounds at the club 's TPC venue -- which hosts the PGA Tour 's Byron Nelson Championship event -- and its private members ' course at Cottonwood Valley . Lewis , who has walked an estimated 3,900 miles during the feat , explained how this achievement is the next best thing to being a professional golfer . "  When I was 10 years old , I wanted to be a PGA Tour pro , " he told the tour 's website . "  But it never worked out for me . Now I have another quest , another goal , which I fully intend to complete in December . " To commemorate his momentous 18 holes , Lewis will play alongside supporters who have paid more than $ 5,000 to compete alongside him when he starts at his usual tee-off time of 7.30 a.m. . The funds raised will then be donated to "  The First Tee of Dallas , " a local charity aimed at improving the lives of young people through golf . After his effort on December 26 , Lewis will continue to play until the end of this year , with his final total likely to stand at 611 . Lewis told the PGA Tour website that he has missed only 19 days this year -- all due to bad weather . He has lost 40 pounds during the challenge despite eating at least one pizza a day plus protein drinks to keep up his strength . Four Seasons club manager Rob Cowan has hailed the veteran golfer 's efforts . "  The detail to his quest is just amazing , " Cowan said . "  Just eating healthy , staying healthy and getting ready for another round . "  In fact , I would say nobody in the 27-year history of the Four Seasons has gotten more out of his membership than Richard . "	"  The World 's Most Avid Golfer " is set to complete his 600th round of 2010 Richard Lewis will play the landmark round on December 26 in Dallas , Texas The 64-year-old will continue to play until end of 2010 and his total is set to reach 611 He has missed playing only 19 days this year , all due to inclement weather
Lonely Planet  -- Life 's not always a beach . The Caribbean may win hearts for its white-sand beaches on perfect turquoise coves and high-end villas with moored yachts , but there 's another part of the story : its towns . Some have histories that predate the Pilgrims , cobbled centers that gaze out at the water and enough attractions to justify carving a day or two away from those perfect stretches of sand . San Juan , Puerto Rico Did you know San Juan was nearly 100 when the Mayflower reached the Americas ? Reached by frequent , direct  sometimes cheap  flights from the US , the historic Puerto Rican capital is a place that can fill a week 's stay easily . The cobblestoned lanes of Old San Juan are filled with cafes , restaurants , hotels and sites including two seriously old forts ; most visitors see the six-floor , 16th-century El Morro , but do n't overlook the Fuerte San Cristobal , which offers free spooky tunnel tours on weekends . San Juan also has excellent art , free salsa lessons in clubs , fine dining in the ever-emerging SoFo district on Fortaleza St , and excellent beaches below the city walls . For a break from the city pulse , day trip to hike the rainforest at nearby El Yunque . Havana , Cuba Everyone knows about Havana , but that does n't mean it 's not fantastic . Wandering about the crumbling grandeur of ` Habana Vieja ' feels like entering the world of a gritty 1950s movie . Vintage US and Soviet cars trundle past colonial tenements showing their age , and pick-up baseball games played with a stick . Casa de la Musica is what one Lonely Planet author describes as ` hot hot hot salsa with young hot hot hot Cubans ' . Locals drink tiny cups of homegrown coffee in a classic coffee house like Café de las Infusiones , fun spots to spend an hour or so . All this does n't come with lack of comfort . Restored colonial hotels like the Hostal Condes de Villanueva  tel 53-862-9293 ; Mercaderes No 202  , where rooms with stained-glass windows over look a private courtyard . Lonely Planet : How to choose a Caribbean island Willemstad , Curaçao A lively Dutch/Caribbean hybrid , the little capital of Curaçao is famed for its historic core -- a UNESCO World Heritage site of two neighborhoods split by a channel . Boutique hotels made from 19th-century buildings  best is Hotel Kura Hulanda  make Willemstad a good base to explore the town 's floating markets , atmospheric draw bridges names for Dutch queens , an excellent museum unflinchingly detailing the slave trade , and cafes that look plucked from an Amsterdam backstreet . Beaches are good too . Grab a rental car and find hidden beach coves -- practically isolated -- to the north , along with a peek at Christoffel National Park 's plantations . Jacmel , Haiti Haiti 's not for everyone , but as the nation struggles to rebuild after the 2010 earthquake , tourism is starting to pick up and giving a bit of an economic boost to boot . Eighty miles south of the capital Port-au-Prince , Jacmel is a charming town that was n't as damaged as the capital . It has many Victorian-era buildings from the city 's coffee days , superb handicrafts including hand-painted boxes and animal toys , good beaches and a fun day trip to a grotto of cascades and cobalt-blue pools you can reach by horse for $ 20 or $ 25 . Set in a Victorian mansion , the damaged and rebuilt Hôtel Florita evokes a century-old vibe , with its period furniture and balconies in the rooms . From Port-au-Prince you can bus three hours on good roads to Jacmel . Cockburn Town , Grand Turk , Turks & Caicos The capital of this multi-island nation , wee Cockburn is home to only 5500 people on an island just six miles long . Cruises dock for a few hours , but the fun rustic place warrants more time . In town , you 'll find colorful colonial buildings on narrow streets that still see donkey carts and historic sites , including the spot -- locals claim -- where Christopher Columbus made his first foot-fall of the New World in 1492 . Beaches to the north , like Pillory or Corktree , are frequently empty , while the best snorkeling and diving lies to the south  Oasis Divers offers dives or snorkel gear  . The best place to stay is the Mediterranean-themed Island House , who offers free use of their car to guests . But on Grand Turk , a bike is really all you need . Lonely Planet : Cracking the Caribbean on a budget Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic The Caribbean 's largest city , Santo Domingo is a New World firsts-fest . You 'll find the hemisphere 's first hospital and monastery  lovelier than that might sound  , and the oldest surviving fort and cathedral  built by Columbus ' son , no less  . Its historic center easily fills a couple days of sightseeing before hitting DR 's famed beaches . Best is just sitting over a long meal in the strip of outdoor restaurants set up in the 16th century buildings along Plaza España , or getting a drink in the cobbled alley El Conde 's bar/caf é scene . If you go in winter , February 's Carnaval is legendary , but just as memorable is catching a baseball game during DR 's 48-game winter season from November to February ; you 'll see major leaguers from the US playing , and seats at the Estadio Quisqueya start at US$ 6 . Roseau , Dominica The Caribbean 's most unique island -- the last to be colonized , the most mountainous of the Eastern islands -- Dominica is sometimes seen as the ` anti-Caribbean ' , considering its lack of sandy beaches or flashy resorts . Unsurprisingly perhaps , visitors often consider it the friendliest . And because it 's so small -- just 29 miles by 16 miles -- you can set up in its lively capital of 1500 residents living in cute stone-and-wood historic homes , Roseau  ROSE-oh  and day trip to waterfalls and open-air hot spring pools in the rainforest , or beaches with snorkeling spots that bubble like champagne from offshore volcanic vents  it 's safe  . The best day trip involves a tough six-hour hike up to reach the Boiling Lake ; it 's best done with a guide  Mick Jagger went with Ken 's Hinterland Adventure Tours  . There are no direct flights outside the region ; the best gateways to Dominica are via Antigua , Sint Maarten or Barbados on American Eagle or LIAT . Oranjestad , Sint Eustatius Tiny , off-the-radar and rather unusual , the tiny island of Sint Eustatius  or ` Statia ' ; population 3400  has been home to Caribs , French , Dutch and British residents ; in 1776 , it became the first foreign ` power ' to recognize the USA . Now known for its diving , Statia has but one town , Oranjestad , memorable mostly for what it 's lost . Ruins are everywhere . In town you can explore remnants of an 18th-century synagogue or collapsed Dutch church , then grab a snorkel to swim to offshore ruins of a part of town built on land-fill and since reclaimed by the sea . Afterwards , plan a day trip hike up the nearby Quill , a once-active volcano with great views from its crater . Lonely Planet : Caribbean DIY island-hopping © 2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	San Juan has excellent art , free salsa lessons in clubs and great fine dining Set in a Victorian mansion , the rebuilt Hôtel Florita in Haiti evokes a century-old vibe Dominica is the last Caribbean island to be colonized and the most mountainous
It might seem like there 's a Starbucks on every corner , but the company 's executives still want to get those tall , grande and venti pumpkin spice lattes into more hands , more easily . Amid news that the Seattle-based company 's fourth-quarter sales had been "  disappointing , " Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz revealed on Thursday that the coffee chain will roll out a delivery option in the latter half of 2015 to loyalty-program members in select markets . "  Imagine the ability to create a standing order of Starbucks delivered hot to your desk daily , " Schultz said on the earnings call . "  That 's our version of e-commerce on steroids . " Next month , Starbucks customers in Portland , Oregon , will have access to a mobile ordering app that lets them order and pay for their beverages ahead of time and skip the line for pickup . Although Schultz did not provide the nitty-gritty on how the company plans to implement the delivery program  Matt Ryan , Starbucks ' global chief strategy officer , said on the call that the program is in its "  early days "  , here are some thoughts on how it could -- and could not -- flip consumers ' lids : How it could deliver : 1 . You 're a creature of habit . You want the same coffee at the same time every day ? No problem . 2 . Sheer convenience . No more waiting in lines behind indecisive customers debating whip or no whip , or having to carve out time in your busy day for a coffee run . 3 . You get to skip the annoyances of coffee shop culture , from the person listening to music out loud to the obnoxious cell phone talker to the chair hogger . 4 . You can place a big order for you and your buddies without worrying about having enough hands to get it back safely . How it could fail to deliver : 1 . You lose the coffee shop culture : the free WiFi , the cute barista , the quirky name spelling on the cup . Oh , and the free  usually  clean bathrooms . 2 . With an added service often comes an added cost , not to mention a gratuity . Better beef up that coffee fund . 3 . Many of Starbucks ' drinks are temperature-sensitive . With time for delivery , an iced drink could arrive watered down , and a hot one could arrive lukewarm . 4 . Mistakes happen . But if the wrong drink arrives , it 's not just a matter of pushing it back across the counter ; it 's a matter of calling out for another delivery . What do you think of the plans Starbucks has brewing ?	Starbucks announces it will offer a delivery option via its mobile app in 2015 Next month , Portland customers will be able to order their drink ahead and skip the line The delivery option will be available to loyalty-program members in select markets
CNN  -- A burst of intense rain caused perilous flash flooding Monday in parts of Louisiana , spurring the rescues of hundreds -- from people marooned inside their homes to middle school students stranded on a bus . According to the National Weather Service , southern Louisiana was pelted with an estimated 15 inches of rain in six hours , with on-and-off rain continuing for hours after that . "  I 'm 46 years old , native to this area , and have been through several hurricanes , and I 've never seen anything like this , " said Lafayette Parish Sheriff 's Office spokesman Kip Judice . Hours after the biggest pocket of rain hit , Judice said that 10 rescues were under way around 6:30 p.m. . This is in addition to the more than 150 such operations that took place earlier to get people out of residences and cars . One of those involved 16 adolescents whose bus became stuck after more than 4 feet of water covered the road , said Judice . Boats and dump trucks were used to reach the children and bring them to safety . The town of Carencro was among the hardest hit communities in Lafayette Parish , according to Capt. Craig Stansbury , who is also from the Parish Sheriff 's Office . He noted there were reports of water as high as 8 feet on some roadways . Stansbury said fire department vehicles , tractors and conventional boats and air boats were being used to reach those stranded in homes and cars . "  A lot of things that we have at our disposal , we 're just going to go ahead and utilize , " he said . "  Whatever it takes to get to the people . " One of the worst hit parts of the state was St. Landry Parish , where Government Administrative Director Jessie Bellard estimated 2,000 people had been affected so far . A state of emergency has been declared for the parish , though there are no known injuries or fatalities there or elsewhere . People were driving dump trucks to rescue residents who have flooding in their homes and ca n't get out . He said several minor and major roads , including part of U.S. Highway 190 , have experienced significant flooding . "  It 's just a terrible situation , " said Bellard . Maj. Ginny Higgins of the St. Martin Parish Sheriff 's Office said at least 15 to 20 roads were affected by flooding Monday in that parish . Several people were safely rescued after being trapped in their vehicles , she said . A state of emergency has been declared for that parish , Higgins said . Stansbury , from Lafayette Parish , said residents knew Monday would be wet but did n't foresee the volume or intensity . "  There was a forecast of some heavy rains , but I do n't think anybody could have predicted that amount of rain , " he said . And while the worst precipitation is over , the headaches are not . Intermittent rain continued to fall Monday , with the National Weather Service issuing a flash flood warning for all or parts of the parishes of Allen , Evangeline , Acadia , Lafayette , St. Martin and St. Landry through 11:30 p.m. . The agency called conditions "  dangerous ... with numerous roads and homes flooded . " Judice , from Lafayette Parish , said Monday evening that water levels were continuing to rise in his area . "  It 's still a very crazy situation , " he said . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Barbara Hall contributed to this report .	NEW : Rescuers in Lafayette Parish help 16 middle schoolers stranded on a bus NEW : "  I 've never seen anything like this , " a sheriff 's spokesman says A St. Landry Parish official estimates 2,000 people are affected by the floods The floods were caused by 15 inches of rain falling in six hours , followed by more precipitation
CNN  -- No one ordered a full search for a missing San Francisco hospital patient until nine days after she disappeared , authorities say . Nine days . In that time , Lynne Spalding Ford 's family scoured the city and passed out thousands of fliers -- only to find out she was dead in a stairwell at the same hospital . Now , authorities have revealed a series of mishaps leading up to the discovery of Spalding Ford 's body at San Francisco General Hospital -- 17 days after she was reported missing . Lawyer : Hospital staffer saw body in stairwell days earlier Exactly when and how Spalding Ford died remains a mystery . But more clues are surfacing about her final days : September 19 Spalding Ford , 57 , checks into San Francisco General Hospital for a bladder infection . September 21 A hospital employee calls the sheriff 's department in the morning and says Spalding Ford has been missing for 40 minutes , San Francisco Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi said . The caller also describes the patient as African-American -- even though the patient is later described as Asian in a sheriff 's department log book . The sheriff 's department oversees security on the hospital 's campus . Authorities make a perimeter search of the hospital grounds , but deputies did n't immediately classify the woman as a missing person . Later that day , evening shift deputies stationed at the hospital did n't get briefed about Spalding Ford from the earlier deputies . September 25 Four days after Spalding Ford 's disappearance , the San Francisco Police Department asks the sheriff 's department to pull surveillance video to see if there are any images of the patient leaving . September 26 The sheriff 's department tries to look through the surveillance footage , but ca n't "  due to hardware problems , " Mirkarimi said . The vendor responsible for maintaining the video equipment was notified . September 30 Nine days after Spalding Ford went missing , the hospital asked sheriff 's deputies to search its entire 24-acre campus . But that search did n't include all stairwells . October 1 After realizing not all stairwells had been searched , a deputy and staff went to scour the stairwells . But only about half of them were searched . October 3 The video equipment vendor manages to recover surveillance video from the hard drive , and images are given to San Francisco police the next day . October 4 A hospital employee tells the sheriff 's department that someone reported a person lying on the 3rd - or 4th-floor landing of Stairwell 8 . "  The Communications Center staff responded , ` We 'll take care of it , ' " the sheriff said . "  There is no indication that anyone was dispatched to that stairwell . " That same day , an employee on the fifth floor reported hearing banging coming from Stairwell 8 , a hospital official said , according to Spalding Ford 's family attorney Haig Harris . A hospital spokeswoman later confirmed that the official called Harris , but did not elaborate on the conversation . October 8 A hospital engineering employee who was conducting a routine check found Spalding Ford 's body in an exterior stairwell . The hospital and sheriff 's department said the alarmed stairwell , which exits to the hospital grounds at the bottom , "  is a fire exit that is not routinely used by staff , patients or the public . " The aftermath The sheriff 's department said it 's implemented a series of new policies since Spalding Ford 's death , including daily patrols of fire exit stairwells and working with hospital staff to repair faulty alarms . "  I would like to express my sincere condolences to the family and friends of Lynne Spalding Ford , " Mirkarimi said . "  We have taken immediate measures to address and make certain such a tragedy never happens again . " Mirkarimi said his department will review technical problems , such as faulty surveillance equipment and the fact that parts of the hospital were not covered by cameras . He also said policies and procedures of the deputies at the hospital will be reviewed . CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	Lynne Spalding Ford checked into a San Francisco hospital on September 19 She disappeared two days later , but a full search of the hospital did n't start for another week Technical problems delayed the viewing of surveillance footage , the sheriff 's department says Her body was found in a remote stairwell 17 days after her disappearance
CNN  -- A 56-year-old married woman has won half of the second-largest Mega Millions jackpot in U.S. history and has taken the cash option , which after taxes , will be about $ 120 million , Georgia Lottery President Debbie Alford said Wednesday . Ira Curry , of Stone Mountain , came to the lottery office with the winning ticket of hand-picked numbers , a mix of family birthdays and the lucky number 7 . She did not appear at the afternoon lottery announcement in Atlanta . Curry bought the ticket at the end of the day Friday and it was a last-minute decision , Alford said . Alford gave a few details about Curry , saying she is married and had her daughter check online for the winning numbers after a radio announcer mentioned 7 was the Mega ball number . Two tickets matched the winning numbers in Tuesday night 's $ 648 million jackpot . Curry 's half of the cash option comes to $ 173,819,742.50 , before federal taxes  25 %  and Georgia taxes  6 %  , officials said . According to CNN 's calculation , the payout will net her $ 119,935,622.32 . It will take one to two weeks before Curry will get her check , Alford said . Curry bought her winning ticket in Atlanta at a Gateway Newstand in the lobby of an office building near the city 's Buckhead community ; the other ticket was sold in San Jose , California , lottery officials said . "  Curry  had the radio on , and the announcer was talking about the Mega ball , which was seven , " Alford said . So Curry called her daughter and "  between tears of joys and laughter , " the daughter relayed to her mother that she 'd won , the lottery president said . Curry told Alford , "  I was in a state if disbelief . I still did n't believe it when my daughter told me , " Alford said . No lotteries in these 7 states Alford said she suspects Curry called her boss to say she would n't be coming in to work because Curry met with lottery officials between 11 a.m. and noon . Curry told lottery officials she had n't had time to think about what to do with the money . The winning numbers were 8 , 14 , 17 , 20 and 39 , with a Mega ball of 7 . Twenty ticket holders will win $ 1 million after matching all the numbers except the Mega ball . Strong sales boosted the jackpot to $ 648 million from previous estimates of $ 636 million and $ 586 million , lottery officials said . That 's tantalizingly close to the U.S. record -- a $ 656 million Mega Millions jackpot split by three winning tickets in March 2012 . This jackpot was so large in part because Mega Millions became tougher to win . The prize rises with each miss , and no one had won it since organizers increased the pool of numbers to choose from -- making astronomical odds even longer -- in October . The California winning ticket was sold at Jenny 's Gift Shop in a San Jose strip mall , lottery officials said . You won the big one . Now what ? The chance of winning -- never particularly bright -- got worse in late October , when Mega Millions increased the drawing 's pool of numbers . The odds of hitting the jackpot , which were 1 in 176 million , are now 1 in 259 million . You have more than 1,000 times better chance of an asteroid or comet killing you -- and that 's using the longest estimated odds for the celestial bodies -- according to Tulane University . "  Winning the Mega Millions is akin to getting struck by lightning at the same time you 're being eaten by a shark , " said Todd Northrop , founder of Lotterypost.com . $ 800 million in lottery prizes unclaimed Previously , lottery players chose five numbers , ranging from 1 to 56 . It 's now 1 to 75 . But the sixth , gold ball has fewer numbers from which to choose , as the pool decreased from 46 to 15 . Mega Millions tickets are sold in 43 states -- all but Alabama , Alaska , Hawaii , Mississippi , Nevada , Utah and Wyoming -- plus the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands . Lottery winner gives $ 40 million to charity CNN 's Joseph Netto , Holly Yan , Chris Friedman , Christine Romans , Pamela Brown , Julie In , Devon Sayers and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Winner , 56 , will get $ 119,935,622.32 after taxes , CNN calculates Ira Curry of Stone Mountain is the Georgia winner of half the $ 648 million jackpot Two jackpot-winning tickets were sold , one in Georgia and one in California 20 people will win $ 1 million after matching the five non-Mega ball numbers
Six men have been arrested in connection with the shooting of Malala Yousufzai , the teenage activist who spoke out against the Taliban , but the main suspect remained at large , Pakistani police said Wednesday . Police identified Atta Ullah Khan , a 23-year-old man from the Swat district where Malala was attacked , as the primary suspect . Police said they were searching for Khan , who was studying for a master 's degree in chemistry . The Swat Valley in northwestern Pakistan is a Taliban redoubt . In addition to arresting six men -- all of them from Swat -- police have detained Khan 's mother , brother and fiancee . The suspect 's relatives were not accused of involvement but are being questioned , a senior police official told CNN . The official did not say what role Khan may have played . Khan had studied for a Bachelor of Science degree in physics at Jahanzeb College in Swat . Alam Zeb , the school 's principal , said Khan had given school officials three or four dates of birth . Zeb condemned the attack and said he was surprised to hear that a former student may have been involved . The 15-year-old girl , who has become a symbol of courage after being shot in the head by the Taliban for demanding education for girls , is being treated at a hospital in Birmingham , England . On Wednesday , she remained in stable condition and "  continues to make good progress , " the hospital 's website said . She is expected to need "  a significant period of rest and recuperation " before undergoing reconstructive surgery , Dr. Dave Rosser , medical director of University Hospitals Birmingham , said last week . Malala was fighting an infection , but was able to move her extremities and has stood with help from nurses , the hospital said . Malala 's family remains in Pakistan . Malala ca n't speak because a tube has been inserted into her trachea to protect her airway , which was swollen after her gunshot injury , but she was writing coherent sentences , Rosser said . The Pakistani Taliban have claimed responsibility for the October 9 shooting and vowed to kill Malala , if she recovers .	Six arrests are made in the shooting of Malala Yousufzai Police identify the main suspect as Atta Ullah Khan ; his suspected role is unclear Malala is in an English hospital , where doctors say she is making progress
Fall River , Massachusetts  CNN  Is there hidden meaning in recorded jailhouse calls with former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez after his arrest ? Defense attorneys and prosecutors are in a pitched battle over whether a jury should be able to hear them during his ongoing murder trial in its eighth full week of testimony . Snippets of the conversations are contained in motions filed by both sides . The transcribed excerpts include Hernandez talking with his fiancée , Shayanna Jenkins , and also with his cousin Tanya Singleton . There 's also a debate about calls between Singleton and co-defendant Ernest Wallace . Prosecutors contend calls involving Wallace , Singleton , and Jenkins , in particular , are proof of an ongoing conspiracy to conceal evidence after the June 17 , 2013 , killing of Odin Lloyd . The defense argues the calls are irrelevant , prejudicial and contain hearsay . Aaron Hernandez trial : The latest developments Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to orchestrating Lloyd 's killing with the help of Wallace and Carlos Ortiz . Wallace and Ortiz have pleaded not guilty and are being tried separately . Singleton and Jenkins both face charges of their own stemming from Lloyd 's killing . Singleton has pleaded not guilty to being an accessory after the fact , accused of helping Wallace escape to Florida . Singleton , suffering from terminal cancer , is expected to be called as a state 's witness . She previously served time for contempt of court for refusing to testify before a grand jury . In calls between Singleton and Wallace -- after he was arrested but before she was jailed on the contempt charge -- prosecutors contend she is passing on information from Wallace to Hernandez . At trial , authorities suggest Hernandez was reaching out to Wallace the night Lloyd 's bullet-riddled body was discovered . Jurors have been shown surveillance video and phone records authorities say show Hernandez borrowing his attorney 's cell phone to call Wallace that night from the North Attleboro police station parking lot after Hernandez took apart his own phone . During previous cross-examination , the defense has argued there is no proof of what that call was about and there was nothing unusual about taking a battery out of a cell phone , then putting it back together . Hernandez 's fiancée , Jenkins , has pleaded not guilty to lying before a grand jury . Prosecutors suspect her of getting rid of the murder weapon after receiving a coded text message from Hernandez a day after Lloyd 's killing . The jury has seen a home surveillance video of her removing a trash bag from the house and driving away with it in a car . The handgun , believed to be .45 - caliber Glock , has never been found . Court documents state all jailhouse calls are recorded , and detainees are notified by signs and recorded messages that their phone conversations are being monitored . Below are excerpts of some of the calls the defense wants to quash and prosecutors want the jury to hear : July 12 , 2013 -- Call between Tanya Singleton and Ernest Wallace Wallace : "  You tell Ink , tell Ink , I love him , man . I love him . " Singleton : "  I will . " Wallace : "  Tell him no matter what , do n't think I 'm la-la-la ` ing . I 'll never go against the grain , you hear me ? " Singleton : "  Yup . " Wallace : "  Tell him we got ta work together . Tell him we got ta work together . " July 17 , 2013 -- Call between Singleton and Wallace Singleton : " ... He said you and him all the way , you know . " Wallace : "  All right . I love that ... man . " Singleton : "  He love you , too . ... " Wallace : "  I 'm riding . " Singleton : "  That 's what he said . " Wallace : " ... I 'm riding , you know what I mean . I 'm riding . " Singleton : "  Yeah , that 's what he said . And I 'll let her know that you know . " Wallace : 'Cause , yo , this la la la got us all into this , man , and they got ta know . " Singleton : "  I know , yeah . it 's gon na be fine . I 'm gon na call your lawyer today . " On August 3 , 2013 , Jenkins tells her fiancé Hernandez that his cousin Singleton has been jailed for refusing to testify at a grand jury in his case . Hernandez : " ... The longest she 'll do is like probably less than a month ... until the grand jury is don  e  , investigation , do you know what I mean ? " "  The only good thing about Tanya being locked up is she 's gon na lose weight . " In another call between Jenkins and Hernandez , Jenkins apparently is n't happy that he 's asking her to put money into Singleton 's jail canteen account . The defense argues it has no relevance to the murder charge . Jenkins : "  I do n't know why you keep . ... " Hernandez : "  She 's got no money in jail . " Jenkins : " ... Why do I have to keep being the one to do that ? That 's what you 're not understanding . " Hernandez : "  All right -- well -- " Jenkins : "  I 'm trying to follow what my lawyers are telling me to follow , and then you keep trying to have me do other things . " Hernandez : "  Not really , but I 'm saying whatever works for you . " Some excerpts are singled out by both defense and prosecutors for different reasons . In a call dated July 23 , 2013 , the defense suggests Hernandez appears to be doing an act of kindness for his loyal cousin by setting up a trust fund for her children . Hernandez : "  I set up an account , do n't tell nobody , for Jano and  Eddie  . ... "  So , do n't tell nobody . I do n't want nobody to know about it . And I ai n't even telling my own girl , nobody . ... " 'Cause it already started off at $ 100,000 for them . ... " In their motion , prosecutors appear to suggest it 's a payoff disguised as a gift . Will the calls be played in court ? On Wednesday , Judge Susan Garsh will hear arguments and then decide whether the state can admit the jailhouse calls as evidence or if they will be barred .	Prosecutors contend recorded jailhouse calls are proof of conspiracy to conceal evidence Aaron Hernandez 's defense argues the calls are irrelevant , prejudicial and contain hearsay Judge to hear arguments and then decide whether state can admit the calls as evidence
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A portrait painted 400 years ago and kept anonymously in an Irish home for much of the time since is now believed to be the only painting of William Shakespeare created during his lifetime . The portrait of William Shakespeare is thought to be the "  only " portrait painted during his lifetime . The image reveals a wealthy Shakespeare of high social status , contradicting the popular view of a struggling playwright of humble status , according to Stanley Wells , a professor who chairs London 's Shakespeare Birthplace Trust . Wells , a distinguished Shakespeare scholar , arranged for three years of research and scientific testing which confirmed it was painted around 1610 , when Shakespeare would have been 46 years old . "  A rather young looking 46 , it has to be said , " Wells said . Shakespeare died in 1616 . The Cobbe portrait -- named after the Irish family that owns the painting -- shows Shakespeare with rosy cheeks , a full head of hair , and a reddish brown beard . The most common portrait of Shakespeare is a gray image showing a bald Bard with a small mustache and beard , and bags under his eyes . The identity of the man in the portrait was lost over the centuries -- until Alec Cobbe saw a portrait from Washington 's Folger Shakespeare Library . That painting , which fell into disfavor as a Shakespeare portrait about 70 years ago , turned out to be one of four copies of Cobbe 's portrait . The portrait "  shows a man wearing expensive costuming , including a very beautifully painted ruff of Italian lacework which would have been very expensive , " Wells said . "  It establishes , for me , that Shakespeare in his later years was a rather wealthy , a rather well affluent member of aristocratic circles in the society of his time , " Wells said . "  There 's been too much of a tendency to believe that Shakespeare , being the son of a glover , coming for a small town in the middle of England , that he necessarily retained a rather humble status throughout his life . " Wells reads even more into what he sees in Shakespeare 's newly-found face . "  I think it 's plausible as a portrait as a good listener , of somebody who would have been capable of writing the plays , clearly the face of a man of high intelligence , " he said . "  It 's the face of a man , I think , who betrays a good deal of wisdom in his features . But , of course , as somebody  King Duncan  says in Shakespeare 's story Macbeth , ` there 's no art to find the mind 's construction in the face . ' " It should be noted that Shakespeare 's King Duncan paid a price for judging Macbeth to have the face of an honorable man . Macbeth later murdered the king . The public can read Shakespeare 's face from the original painting at Shakespeare Birthplace Trust in Stratford-upon-Avon where it goes on display for several months starting April 23 . The portrait then returns to the Cobbe family , which inherited it when an ancestor married England 's Earl of Southampton -- a friend of Shakespeare who likely commissioned its painting .	Shakespeare group unveil "  only " portrait of playwright painted during his lifetime Painting on display after three years of research and testing It was painted in about 1610 -- or six years before Shakespeare 's death Identity of man in painting was lost until owner saw a copy of it in a museum
CNN  -- In the Internet age , we have no choice but to entrust our data with private companies : e-mail providers , service providers , retailers , and so on . We realize that this data is at risk from hackers . But there 's another risk as well : the employees of the companies who are holding our data for us . In the early years of Facebook , employees had a master password that enabled them to view anything they wanted in any account . NSA employees occasionally snoop on their friends and partners . The agency even has a name for it : LOVEINT . And well before the Internet , people with access to police or medical records occasionally used that power to look up either famous people or people they knew . The latest company accused of allowing this sort of thing is Uber , the Internet car-ride service . The company is under investigation for spying on riders without their permission . Called the "  god view , " some Uber employees are able to see who is using the service and where they 're going -- and used this at least once in 2011 as a party trick to show off the service . A senior executive also suggested the company should hire people to dig up dirt on their critics , making their database of people 's rides even more "  useful . " None of us wants to be stalked -- whether it 's from looking at our location data , our medical data , our emails and texts , or anything else -- by friends or strangers who have access due to their jobs . Unfortunately , there are few rules protecting us . Government employees are prohibited from looking at our data , although none of the NSA LOVEINT creeps were ever prosecuted . The HIPAA law protects the privacy of our medical records , but we have nothing to protect most of our other information . Your Facebook and Uber data are only protected by company culture . There 's nothing in their license agreements that you clicked "  agree " to but did n't read that prevents those companies from violating your privacy . This needs to change . Corporate databases containing our data should be secured from everyone who does n't need access for their work . Voyeurs who peek at our data without a legitimate reason should be punished . There are audit technologies that can detect this sort of thing , and they should be required . As long as we have to give our data to companies and government agencies , we need assurances that our privacy will be protected . Moreover , we need legal limits on what can be done with our data . Companies are starting to analyze our personal data and publish the results , sometimes in an effort to get positive press . And while it may be fun for Uber to publish data on riders heading off to one-night stands and hookups with prostitutes  Uber recently deleted both posts  , or for OKCupid to publish their users ' sexual preferences and habits , this is very intimate information . Were Uber or OKCupid a university , this analysis would have to be approved by an ethics board entrusted with protecting the subjects ' privacy . Private companies ' research is n't overseen in any way , meaning that no one reviews this research with an eye towards protecting the subjects . Making these changes does n't require an act of Congress . It 's something that the Federal Trade Commission can do under the auspices of consumer protection . As long as companies are collecting and storing our data , they need to be held to standards of security and professionalism . The general problem of our data being accessible wo n't go away . There are huge benefits in putting your data in the cloud , and that 's not going to change . Companies like Google and Facebook need to be able to work on the computers and networks that contain your data , so engineers will need access . Unless your data on these other computers is encrypted -- and in many cases it will never be because that renders it useless -- interested people will be able to access your personal information . We 're now living in a world where a lot of intimate data is stored in some third-party database somewhere -- the emails and texts we send and receive , our location data from our cell phones , the things we purchase , the Web pages we look at , and the search terms we use . This data is bought and sold , and used to manipulate us with personalized advertising . But there 's something extra-creepy about people using it to stalk us or analyze our lifestyles . Corporate collection of our data has long outpaced the laws protecting us . We need to rewrite those laws for the information age .	Uber is under investigation for spying on riders without their permission Bruce Schneier : Increasingly , employees of companies can look at our private data Even the federal trade commission can ask companies to increase standards of security Schneier : Corporate collection of our data has long outpaced the laws protecting us
CNN  -- "  Muddin " in the neighborhood "  holler , " bringing raw deer meat to a party and brawling with a neighbor after noise complaints -- "  Jersey Shore " is so over . Welcome "  Buckwild , " an MTV reality show that debuted Thursday featuring nine young adults from West Virginia . Often stereotyped and sometimes forgotten as its own state , West Virginia is now at the center of MTV 's latest drunken portrayal of young people goofing off  and occasionally working  . The show uses subtitles in case viewers do n't understand some of the accents . #Buckwild : 10 crazy tweets about the new show "  You preyed on young people , coaxed them into displaying shameful behavior -- and now you are profiting from it , " charged U.S. Sen. Joe Manchin , D-West Virgina , in a December letter to MTV asking the cable network to cancel the show . That 's not likely to happen , though several reviews have panned the show . "  Not only is it another tired portrayal of Southern stereotypes , but it 's also inexcusably poorly executed , " claims the Hollywood Reporter . The state 's tourism officials seem to have shrugged off the stereotypes . "  While some reality television programming is designed to excite , entice and generally entertain viewers , these types of programs tend to represent an extremely small segment of a population . This program does not represent our state or our citizens , " the West Virginia Division of Tourism said in a statement . The spotlight may help promote the state , as the "  Jersey Shore " did for that state , despite the antics of Nicole "  Snooki " Polizzi and Mike "  The Situation " Sorrentino . Much ado about "  Buckwild " There 's more to West Virginia than "  Buckwild " suggests . Born of a group of anti-slavery citizens in western Virginia who would not secede with Virginia , West Virginia became its own state on June 20 , 1863 . The state celebrates 150 years of statehood this June . "  West Virginia is looking forward to celebrating its 150th anniversary , " said Jacqueline Proctor , deputy commissioner at the West Virginia Division of Tourism . "  Our state is steeped in the history of the nation and born of the Civil War . " The state 's tourism website highlights the events that formed West Virginia . "  These locations and other events off the battlefield not only influenced the war itself but the very shape of our state . Communities across the state are developing commemorations , reenactments and celebrations . The entire state will recognize the formation of West Virginia on June 20th . " An abolitionist state The state has a long an illustrious history of anti-slavery activity . And nowhere is that more pronounced than Harpers Ferry National Historic Park . In 1859 , John Brown and his supporters attacked the U.S. Armory and Arsenal at Harpers Ferry , attempting to capture the arms there for a slave uprising . After being captured , charged with "  conspiring with slaves to commit treason and murder , " Brown was convicted and hanged for his crimes . Harpers Ferry was also the site of the arrival of the first working railroad and one of the earliest integrated schools in this country , where former slaves were educated . Where the Hatfields and McCoys duked it out The Hatfield-McCoy Mountains of southern West Virginia take their name from the bitter feud fought between those two infamous families in West Virginia and Kentucky . The West Virginia town of Historic Matewan is located between the homes of Devil Anse Hatfield and Randle McCoy . It 's also where Sid Hatfield was buried . But the activities in those mountains do n't just appeal to history buffs . Dirt bike and ATV riders can find plenty to do on over 500 miles of trails included in the Hatfield-McCoy Trail System . "  Buckwild " producer : Show is n't like a train wreck What 's old is new again A National Historic landmark , the Greenbrier has been hosting visitors since 1778 . Located in White Sulphur Springs and surrounded by the Allegheny Mountains , the resort was renovated a few years ago and offers fine dining , a spa and championship golf course . Golf Magazine even gave the golf course a shout out in 2010 . If you live in West Virginia or have visited the state , where would you recommend visitors go ?	"  Buckwild " on MTV features the antics of nine young West Virginians Sen. Joe Manchin objects to the show ; tourism officials say it does n't represent the state West Virginia was born out of residents ' refusal to support slavery and secede from the union The state is celebrating its 150th birthday this year
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- China , often criticized for its liberal use of the death penalty , will reduce the number of criminal executions it carries out , a top official said . Chinese police guard a group of prisoners outside a Beijing court on May 25 , 2001 , before their sentencing . "  As it is impossible for the country to abolish capital punishment under current realities and social security conditions , it is an important effort to strictly control the application of the penalty by judicial organs , " Zhang Jun , vice president of the Supreme People 's Court , said in an interview with Legal Daily , the state-run China Daily reported . "  Judicial departments should use the least number of death sentences as possible , and death penalties should not be given to those having a reason for not being executed , " Zhang said . Legislation will be enacted to restrict the number of death sentences imposed and the court will tighten restrictions on the use of capital punishment , according to Zhang . The sentence of "  death penalty with reprieve " will be used more often in courts , Zhang said , which could be commuted to life in prison . The term could later be shortened to 20 years and possibly reduced further for good behavior . China will retain the death sentence , according to Zhang , adding that it should be applied to "  an extremely small number " of serious offenders . Human rights groups estimate 1,700 to 5,000 people were executed in China last year for crimes such as spying , corruption and drug trafficking . The official number of executions is a state secret . The death penalty remains an iconic form of punishment in China , where executions are used as a public warning . Sentencing is broadcast on national television . Two years ago , however , the Supreme Court was given the authority to review death penalty cases and , last year , 10 percent of death sentences were overturned . Criminals who 've expressed remorse or agreed to compensate victims ' families have had their sentences reduced . The death penalty will now be reserved for those who commit heinous crimes with "  grave social consequences , " the government said . It 's a step in the right direction , China analysts say . But they criticize the move as being too ambiguous and remain skeptical that it will lead to an actual reduction in executions . "  This is a small incremental step , but a step in the right direction , " said Victor Gao , a director of the China National Association of International Studies . "  While other countries have abolished the death penalty because they think it is cruel and unusual punishment , China has decided it wants to keep the death penalty . " Crimes with "  grave social consequences " is a "  broad , catch-all concept which can be interpreted flexibly , " Gao said . CNN 's Emily Chang contributed to this report .	Government : Execution only for heinous crimes with "  grave social consequences " Human rights groups estimate 1,700-5 ,000 people were executed in China last year Supreme Court overturned 10 percent of death sentences last year after review "  This is a small incremental step , but a step in the right direction , " Victor Gao says
CNN  -- India 's Mars Orbiter Mission successfully entered Mars ' orbit Wednesday morning , becoming the first nation to arrive on its first attempt and the first Asian country to reach the Red Planet . "  We have gone beyond the boundaries of human enterprise and human imagination , " declared India 's Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who watched from the space agency 's nerve center in Bangalore . "  We have accurately navigated our spacecraft through a route known to a very few . " The staff at the Indian Space Research Organization erupted into applause and cheers after learning that the Mars Orbiter Mission , also known as Mangalyaan , reached the planet 's orbit and made history . Before Wednesday , only the United States , Europe and the Soviets have successfully sent spacecraft to Mars . "  The odds were stacked against us , " Modi said . "  Of the 51 missions attempted so far , a mere 21 had succeeded . But we have prevailed . " And India reached Mars with significantly less money . With a price tag of $ 74 million , the Mars Orbiter Mission cost a mere fraction of the $ 671 million NASA spent on its MAVEN spacecraft , which arrived to Mars earlier this week . Some space observers noted that India 's Mars orbiter cost less than the $ 100 million budget for the space thriller film "  Gravity . " Interactive : Exploring Mars from Viking to MAVEN "  It shows how optimal is the design , that way we 're able to cut cost and we 're not compromising quality , " said S. Satish , a space expert based in Bangalore . The groundbreaking Mars mission was n't without controversy -- with some critics who said India should spend the money on other issues . The spacecraft launched on November 5 , and has traveled over 650 million kilometers to enter Mars orbit . Its mission is to orbit the Red Planet , mapping its surface and studying the atmosphere . The Mars Orbiter kicked off its interplanetary debut with its own Twitter account . The mission has been freighted with patriotic significance for India since its inception and is seen as a symbolic coup over its rival , China , which is also ramping up its space ambitions . China 's joint mission with Russia in 2011 , which contained the Chinese Mars satellite Yinhuo-1 , stalled and eventually fell back to Earth . Japan 's 1998 attempt with the spacecraft Nozomi was also unsuccessful due to fuel problems . Once nears Mars ' orbit , India 's spacecraft had to execute a series of complicated and critical maneuvers . About half of all spacecraft sent on missions to the planet have veered off course , malfunctioned or crashed . India 's Mars Orbiter Mission is in the company of NASA 's two Mars rovers on the ground , a European orbiter and NASA orbiters including the MAVEN , which has been there since Sunday . The United States has expressed interest in cooperating with India as their spacecraft gather data about the planet . NASA congratulated India via Twitter . As did Curiosity , the Mars rover .	India 's Mars Orbiter Mission entered Mars ' orbit Wednesday India 's spacecraft cost $ 74 million , a fraction of the $ 671 million spent by NASA 's MAVEN India PM Narendra Modi praises country 's efforts Entering Mars ' orbit is complicated , as nearly half of all attempts have failed
New York  CNN  -- The third and final day of New York City 's Electric Zoo music festival was canceled Sunday after two concert-goers died and at least four others were hospitalized due to drug-related causes , police said . The cause of death for the two Electric Zoo attendees is believed to involve the drug MDMA , either in Ecstasy pills or in its "  pure " powder or crystal form , known as molly . Police identified the two victims as Jeffrey Russ , 23 , and Olivia Rotondo , 20 . Four others remain hospitalized and critically ill , with the causes still under investigation , according to Sgt. Lee Jones , a New York Police Department spokesman . The city recommended the electronic music festival be canceled after the recent events , and Electric Zoo 's promoters , Made Event , agreed , Jones said . In a statement posted Sunday on the event 's homepage , Made Event said "  the founders of Electric Zoo send our deepest condolences to the families of the two people who passed away this weekend . Because there is nothing more important to us than our patrons , we have decided in consultation with the New York City Parks Department that there will be no show today . " Social media postings regarding Electric Zoo 's cancellation vary from sympathetic to downright infuriated . General admission passes cost $ 179 per day for the festival , held at Randall 's Island Park in the East River . The promoters ' website said people who bought tickets for Sunday would get full refunds . "  Large bags , " "  bad attitudes " and "  illegal substances " were among the 22 listed types of items prohibited at the venue , and everyone was searched upon entry , according to the website . Founded in 2009 , Electric Zoo features electronic dance music , with more than 110,000 people attending the festival in 2012 . The three-day festival started on Friday and was scheduled to run through Sunday night . What is MDMA ? MDMA was created in Germany in the early 1900s , according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse . Decades later , the drug found fans across the Atlantic . During the 1970s some American psychiatrists felt they 'd found in the drug a kind of "  penicillin for the soul . " The drug was said to allow for greater insights and better communication . U.S. officials disagreed , and in the 1985 the Drug Enforcement Administration banned the substance as a Schedule I drug , meaning it had no proven therapeutic value . In the 1990s , MDMA gained a reputation for party drug at all-night warehouse parties known as raves . Emergency-room visits rose steadily from 421 in 1995 to a peak of 5,542 in 2001 , according to DEA statistics . Questions were raised about safety and purity of Ecstasy . That 's when molly was born . Molly -- short for "  molecule " -- is touted as the pure form of MDMA , but a spokesman for the DEA says do n't believe the hype . According to Rusty Payne , the agency sees MDMA from Asia , Canada and the Netherlands . "  You have no idea the lab environment these chemicals or substances were produced in , " Payne said . "  If they knew where things were produced , they might think twice . " In 2009 , government data found 22,816 emergency-room visits due to MDMA , a 123 % percent increase from 2005 . But molly has fans among some in the medical field . An article published last year in the Journal of Psychopharmacology found that the drug helped reduce the symptoms of PTSD for two-thirds of those enrolled in a study . Still , the sample size in that study was small , just 19 people . More studies are in the works . Despite any potential for future uses , authorities warn that the drug is dangerous . After a giant New Year 's Eve party in Los Angeles in 2010 , one person died and 18 others were hospitalized for issues relating to MDMA use , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . CNN 's Chris Kokenes and Emma Lacey-Bordeaux contributed to this report .	NEW : Police identify the two victims NEW : Promoters offer refunds to people who bought Sunday tickets Deaths of two Electric Zoo concert-goers believed to be linked to MDMA , police say Electric Zoo promoters agreed to city 's recommendation that the festival be canceled
CNN  -- Authorities are no longer able to watch a video of scenes at a Georgia nightclub in the case of Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger because a digital video recorder system recorded over it , an attorney said Thursday . Roethlisberger , who has been the starting quarterback for the Steelers for six seasons , has been accused of sexually assaulting a 20-year-old woman at a Georgia nightspot this month . He has not been charged . Roethlisberger 's attorney has said , "  The facts show that there was no criminal activity . " Police were hoping to use the recording to glean any details and insights about the sequence of events surrounding the alleged incident , which was said to have occurred in a restroom . Carl Cansino , the attorney representing the Capital City nightclub , said police were able to see a small portion of the recording , and the club manager said he saw the entire video . Cansino said the club manager said the club 's dance floor and entrance were in the recording during the night of the alleged assault , but he could n't discern anything out of the ordinary . Police talked to Roethlisberger , 28 , and the woman at the scene immediately after the incident was reported about 2:30 a.m. March 5 at the club in Milledgeville , Georgia , said Deputy Police Chief Richard Malone . The woman "  alleged that he is the perpetrator , " Malone told reporters . Attorney Lee Parks said the woman said she is "  fully cooperating with law enforcement . " The Georgia Bureau of Investigation said the investigation is continuing and the file will be turned over to the local district attorney when it is over . "  There is a future interview scheduled at present , and she intends to keep that appointment , " Parks said . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	Lawyer says DVR recorded over nightclub video Ben Roethlisberger accused of sexually assaulting woman at Georgia nightclub Quarterback denies allegation ; attorney : "  The facts show that there was no criminal activity " Earlier request for his DNA has been dropped
Warsaw  CNN  -- President Barack Obama wants Vladimir Putin to take steps to rebuild the trust shattered by Russia 's actions in Ukraine . Obama 's comment came as he visited Poland on Tuesday , the first stop on his three-country European trip which is intended , in part , to reassure allies in Eastern Europe unnerved by Russia 's annexation of Ukraine 's Crimea region . Putin "  has a choice to make " on Ukraine , Obama said during a news conference in Warsaw , calling on the Russian President to continue to pull back troops from the border with Ukraine , persuade pro-Russian separatists to stand down and back Ukraine 's recent presidential election . If the United States sees "  responsible behavior " from Russia , Obama said , "  I think it is possible for us to try to rebuild some of the trust that has been shattered . " But he warned that it will take "  quite some time . " Kiev and the West have said the separatists in Ukraine are coordinated and supplied by Russia , a claim that Moscow denies . Obama 's visit comes a day after a deadly attack on a regional headquarters building in Donetsk that has been taken over by separatists calling themselves the People 's Republic of Luhansk . Five women and three men , all of them civilians , were killed in the attack , which Kiev has blamed on separatists . A munitions expert who accompanied a CNN crew to the scene , however , said the damage to the building was indicative of an airstrike . Social media video shows an aircraft overhead after the attacks , trees are splintered as if they were hit from above and craters in a nearby square leading to the building appear to have been the result of heavy cannon fire from the air . A meeting in France ? Obama , speaking alongside Polish President Bronislaw Komorowski , said he had always had a "  business-like relationship " with Putin and that he had conveyed the same messages to him in private conversations as were made in public . He said Washington wanted good relations , but added that sanctions imposed over Russia 's Crimea excursion would be maintained and that more have been drawn up in case of further destabilization in the east . Obama added that he was "  sure " he would cross paths with Putin while both are in France at the end of the week for events to mark the 70th anniversary of the D-Day landings . Obama said he was looking forward to meeting with Ukraine 's President-elect Petro Poroshenko on Wednesday , adding that his election last month "  gives us some momentum to build on as we move forward . " He also stressed the need for Ukraine to pursue economic as well as political reform , including taking steps to reduce its reliance on natural gas from Russia . At the same news conference , Obama announced that he is asking Congress for a fund of up to $ 1 billion to allow for a "  European Reassurance Initiative " to bolster the security of NATO allies . This would help the United States undertake increased training exercises , explore the pre-positioning of military equipment , and build the capacity of Georgia , Moldova and Ukraine to partner with the United States and NATO . More U.S. Air Force and Army personnel will be rotated through allied countries in central and eastern Europe , Obama said . He urged all NATO nations to live up to their commitment to the alliance when member states are threatened , and commended Poland for its contribution . Bergdahl questions As he undertakes his third overseas trip in less than three months , Obama finds himself once again peppered with questions about his foreign policy , even as he attempts to cement his own legacy on the world stage . His latest trip comes as Republicans have unleashed a new line of attack questioning his judgment in exchanging five Taliban prisoners held at the detention center at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , for the return of a former prisoner of war , Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl . Obama defended the decision , saying , "  We do n't leave men and women in uniform behind . " His administration had previously consulted with Congress on the possibility of a prisoner exchange for Bergdahl , Obama said , but said it had to move quickly because of concerns over Bergdahl 's health and to not miss a window of opportunity . He said he was confident the exchange of Taliban prisoners for Bergdahl would not endanger U.S. national security because the Qataris , who helped broker the deal , would be keeping a close eye on the ex-Guantanamo detainees . Walesa : Superpower not ` up to the job ' For Obama , the itinerary of foreign travel has changed , but the conversation will sound familiar . During his last two foreign trips , he fielded questions about his approach to the crises in Ukraine and Syria , as well as the territorial disputes in Asia between China and its neighbors . In Manila , Obama responded that his second-term strategy is to avoid "  errors . " But away from the cameras , he has simplified his doctrine as "  do n't do stupid stuff , " administration officials say privately . However , Obama 's critics , both at home and abroad , contend that approach is at best uninspiring , and potentially dangerous . Lech Walesa , the former Polish President whose democratic Solidarity movement helped usher in freedom in Poland during the fall of the Soviet Union , has warned that U.S. influence has declined under Obama 's watch . "  The superpower has not been up to the job , " Walesa said in a recent interview with the TVN24 television network . "  Therefore , the world is at a dangerous point and maybe it really is the case that lots of bad things are happening in the world because there is no leadership , " added Walesa , who endorsed Obama 's rival , Mitt Romney , in the 2012 presidential election . Obama has billed his recent decisions against any form of military action in Syria and Ukraine as successes because they rallied multilateral responses to global challenges , without messy prolonged commitments for U.S. armed forces . Obama , Putin cross paths In France , Obama will have several opportunities to cross paths with Putin . They are both scheduled to dine with French President Francois Hollande on Thursday in Paris , though in separate meetings . The German government 's press office confirmed Tuesday that German Chancellor Angela Merkel will speak with Putin on Friday in Normandy , when the two will discuss the situation in Ukraine . The talks on the sidelines of the D-Day commemorations will continue a telephone conversation the two leaders held Tuesday and focus on measures to aid the stabilization of Ukraine , it said . Obama led the international effort to suspend Russia 's participation in the world group of economic powers . That suspension resulted in the relocation of this year 's G7 summit from Sochi , Russia , to Brussels , which will occur during Obama 's trip . Recent moves by Russia to withdraw some of its forces from its border with Ukraine has the potential to ease tensions between Moscow and Washington . But administration officials caution a new detente is a long way off . CNN 's Jim Acosta wrote and reported from Warsaw , Laura Smith-Spark from London and Diana Magnay from Donetsk . CNN 's Laura Bernardini , Chloe Sommers , Stephanie Halasz and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	NEW : Expert says attack in Donetsk indicative of airstrike , not rebels President urges Russia 's Vladimir Putin to take steps to rebuild trust Obama is in Poland on his third overseas trip in less than three months Obama defends the prisoner swap that freed Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl
CNN  -- Manchester United have warned French side Le Havre they will take action against them unless they stop repeating claims that the English Premier League champions offered financial inducements to Paul Pogba 's family in order to lure the teenager to Old Trafford . Manchester United have vehemently denied any wrong-doing in the signing of Paul Pogba  left  . United have grown angry at the sustained assault by Le Havre , which came in the wake of a transfer ban imposed on Chelsea last week for a similar infringement of the rules . Now club officials have written to the French club , and made them aware in the strongest terms that they must either put up , or shut up . "  In response to the wholly unfounded comments widely reported in the media of Le Havre President , Jean-Pierre Louvel , Manchester United wish to categorically confirm that as a matter of club policy and in accordance with the applicable football regulations , we do not offer inducements to the parents of players who sign for the club such as monetary payments or the purchase of houses , " said United in a statement on their official Web site . "  Manchester United have today written to Le Havre to put it on notice that action will be taken if such allegations are repeated in relation to the transfer of Paul Pogba . " Le Havre had claimed the matter was being referred to FIFA for their investigation although , as yet , the world governing body have not acknowledged receipt . When the Pogba issue was first raised last week , United officials suggested that there was no contract for the 16-year-old to break , therefore the Red Devils could not be offering inducements to do so . However , they have been annoyed by Le Havre 's allegations of impropriety , which has prompted the stinging outburst . "  Manchester United are entirely satisfied that the transfer of Paul Pogba has been conducted in accordance with the regulations set down by the world governing body , FIFA , " the statement added . "  Manchester United are ready to defend any claim brought against them by Le Havre to FIFA . "  It is to be noted that all contractual documentation relating to the player 's registration with the club have already been fully ratified by the Football Association and the Premier League . "	English champions Manchester United issue warning to French side Le Havre Le Havre claim United had offered inducements to sign teenager Paul Pogba But United have threatened legal action if Le Havre continue their allegations
The U.N. Security Council , in a close 8-2 vote with five abstentions , on Tuesday voted down a Palestinian statehood resolution that set a deadline for the withdrawal of Israeli forces from Palestinian territories by 2017 . Eight nations voted for the draft resolution -- one vote short of the necessary nine to be adopted -- including Jordan , which sponsored the resolution , and three permanent Security Council members : China , Russia and France . The United States voted against the resolution on the table and had been expected to exercise its permanent council member authority and veto the measure , had it passed . The Security Council consists of 15 members , five permanent and 10 rotating members . The permanent five , China , France , Russia , United Kingdom and the United States , have veto power to block any resolution . The resolution called for an end of Israeli troops in Palestinian territories -- including the West Bank -- by 2017 and set a 12-month deadline for a peace solution , with two separate states . It also identified East Jerusalem as the capital of what would be called Palestine . Palestine currently is not recognized as a state . In November 2012 , the General Assembly voted to upgrade the status of the Palestinians to "  non-member observer state . " Jordanian envoy : World ready for move Dina Kawar , Jordan 's ambassador to the United Nations and the sponsor of the draft , said she hoped the Security Council would have adopted the resolution because the council "  bears both the legal and the moral responsibilities to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , which is the crux of the conflict in the Middle East . " Elements in the draft resolution , including the right for Palestinian people for self-determination , a two-state solution with East Jerusalem as the capital of Palestine and an end to what it calls Israeli occupation were "  acceptable not only to members of the Security Council but to the international community as a whole , " Kawar said . U.S. Ambassador Samantha Power said no other country in the world has invested more than the United States in pursuing peace between Israel and the Palestinians , but said the resolution "  would undermine efforts to get back to an atmosphere that makes it possible to achieve two states for two people . " Power said that the current resolution was "  deeply unbalanced " and instead of giving a voice to both sides , only considered the concerns of one . "  Today 's vote should not be interpreted as a victory for an unsustainable status quo , instead it should serve as a wake-up call to catalyze all interested parties to take constructive , responsible steps to achieve a two-state solution , " Power said . Australia also voted against the measure . The Palestinian representative at the United Nations , Riyad Mansour , told the diplomats that it is "  most regrettable that the Security Council remains paralyzed . " "  The repeated requests for us to ` wait , ' and ` wait , ' and ` wait ' while our people are suffering , while our people are besieged , while our land is being colonized , and while the two-state solution is being destroyed and the prospects for peace are evaporating , must understand that such requests are not viable under these circumstances and are unsustainable , " he said . Israeli : "  Political games ' continue "  The Palestinians have found every possible opportunity to avoid direct negotiations with Israel , " said Israel Nitzan , a counselor representing Israel at the meeting , and called the most recent "  unilateral " draft the latest endeavor in a "  never-ending string of political games . " "  I have news for the Palestinians : you can not agitate and provoke your way to a state , " Nitzan said . Five countries abstained from the vote , including permanent member United Kingdom . UK Ambassador Mark Lyall Grant told the Security Council , "  We consider President  Mahmoud  Abbas a man of peace and understand the pressure that the Palestinian leadership has been under to act and their frustration at the lack of progress . But we are disappointed that the normal , and necessary , negotiation did not take place on this occasion . " After the meeting , Jordan 's Kawar told reporters that although she would have liked more consultations and negotiations to "  come up with a product that would be acceptable to the 15 " -LSB- member states , -RSB- the importance of this resolution was "  to put some momentum and dynamics in the Security Council . "	U.N. Security Council votes down proposal from Jordan Jordan called for establishment of Palestinian state , withdrawal of Israeli troops U.S. , which voted no , says resolution would set peace efforts back Palestinian rep says his people are suffering
Des Moines , Iowa  CNN  For Iowa 's economy , corn is everything . So it 's no surprise that the Republican governor and other powerful voices in state agribusiness are vocal backers of the Renewable Fuel Standard , a federal rule that requires gasoline to be comprised of up to 10 % in renewable fuels . One of those is ethanol -- with corn often a key ingredient . "  Do n't mess with the RFS , " Gov. Terry Branstad said Saturday , offering a not so subtle warning as he kicked off a daylong agriculture summit that featured a string of likely Republican presidential candidates . The RFS is a major issue that White House hopefuls are forced to address whenever they visit the No. 1 corn-producing state that also goes first in the presidential nominating calendar . But it 's a less popular policy for small government conservatives , who decry the mandate as federal overreach in the private sector . In his first 2016 visit to Iowa , Jeb Bush sought to delicately explain his desire to see the RFS disappear over time . "  The market 's ultimately going to have to decide this , " he told the audience at the event , which took place at the Iowa State Fairgrounds . Bush acknowledged that the mandate , which passed in 2007 , has helped lower dependence on foreign oil and boost corn-heavy economies . "  But as we move forward over the long haul , there should be certainty for people to invest , " he argued , saying ethanol will no longer need help from the government . "  So at some point we 'll see a reduction of the RFS need , because ethanol will be such a valuable part of the energy feedstock for our country . " He declined , however , to suggest when exactly that may happen . In his remarks , Bush also defended his position in favor of legal status for undocumented immigrants after they meet a wide set of requirements . And while attending a fundraiser Friday night in Des Moines , he stood by his support for Common Core , the controversial testing standards that have become a point of contention for conservatives . Election 2016 : Jeb Bush makes his first Iowa foray Bush 's frank statements on the RFS and his defense of some of his most controversial views indicated that the former Florida governor plans on sticking with his positions as he gets ready to hit the campaign trail , no matter how unpopular they may be to certain audiences . Still , he was not totally immune to at least some pandering . Bush told the crowd that he 'll be cooking some "  Iowa beef " Sunday when he 's back home with his family in Florida , adding that he 'll probably make some "  really good guacamole , " too . Talking about campaigning for his father 's presidential campaigns in Iowa , Bush said he went to at least 50 counties . "  I remember eating really well -- eating really , really well . " With a John Deere tractor towering near the stage , each candidate sat on stage for a 20-minute Q&A with Bruce Rastetter , an agribusiness entrepreneur and major Republican donor in Iowa . The audience of close to 1,200 was comprised largely of farmers and other leaders in the agriculture industry . While Bush took a mild approach to the RFS , Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas flat out opposed it , saying Washington should n't be "  picking winners and losers . " "  I have every bit of faith that businesses can continue to compete and continue to do well without having to go on bended knee asking for subsidies , asking for special favors , " he said . "  I think that 's how we got in this problem to begin win . " Ethanol proponents argue that because oil companies own gas stations , consumers are unable to access ethanol and therefore it needs the government 's support to break through oil 's stronghold of the market . Cruz acknowledged that his view would n't be well-received , but tried to argue that it proved his authenticity . "  Look , I recognize that this is a gathering of a lot of folks who the answer you 'd like me to give is , ` I 'm for the RFS , darn it . ' That 'd be the easy thing to do . But I 'll tell ya , people are pretty fed up , I think , with politicians that run around and tell one group one thing , tell another group another thing . " Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry took a similar stance and defended his decision to request a waiver that would exempt Texas from the federal mandate . If individual states want to require that ethanol be used in gasoline , that 's fine , he said , but not the federal government . "  I philosophically do n't agree that Washington , D.C. needs to be making these decision that affect ... our agriculture industry , " Perry said . Other contenders offered entirely opposite positions . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , for example , said he "  absolutely " supports the RFS . "  That 's what the law requires . So let 's make sure we comply with the law . That should be the minimum , " he said , drawing applause from the crowd . Rick Santorum , who won the Iowa caucuses in 2012 , ticked off what he called a "  laundry list " of benefits , including more energy independence and more jobs for farmers . "  It is very important for rural Americans , " said the former senator from Pennsylvania . For his part , Mike Huckabee argued that the ethanol mandate was a matter of national security . "  America needs to do three things to be free : feed itself , fuel itself , fight for itself , " the former Arkansas governor said , adding that relying on foreign governments for energy leads to a weakened United States . Huckabee , who won the Iowa caucuses in 2008 , hit back at criticism that politicians like him simply support the RFS for political reasons . "  The decisions are made not just frankly for what 's best for Iowa -- that 's not the rationale . You ca n't make a decision and say , ` It 's good for Iowa . Gee , they 're the caucus state , we better suck up to them . ' We better make decisions that are good for every consumer , " he said . Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , who 's had a strong showing in polls since he visited the state in January , made clear that while he 's generally a free market guy , he believes ethanol is being blocked from consumers and needs government assistance . "  Right now , we do n't have a free and open marketplace , and so that 's why I 'm willing to take that position , " he said . But , similar to Bush , Walker said that he expects ethanol can one day compete openly and "  you no longer need in the industry to have these subsidies . " The audience at Saturday 's event was largely subdued , given the tone and dialogue of the summit was more substance , less red meat . Those who supported the RFS , however , received a strong response from the crowd . As for those who opposed it , Bill Couser , who co-chairs a campaign called America 's Renewable Future which pushes the ethanol mandate , said he 's not ready to write anyone off quite yet . But those candidates can expect to hear a lot more from him in the coming months . "  Maybe I did n't like a few of their answers , but it 's going to give me some time to go help them understand the issues , " he said .	Iowa politicians , residents very protective of corn 's role in their economy GOP presidential hopefuls take up hot topic of ethanol , used in motor vehicles
CNN  -- A California company and its president pleaded guilty Monday to federal charges related to the distribution of human growth hormone , the Justice Department said . DNP International Company , Inc. , of Santa Fe Springs pleaded guilty to three counts , including a felony charge for the wholesale distribution of a prescription drug and two misdemeanor charges , the department said in a news release . Owner David Ji , 50 , of Irvine , pleaded guilty to a felony count of distributing prescription drugs in interstate commerce without a license , it said . "  When he pleaded guilty  Monday  , Ji admitted that his company had distributed an unapproved drug containing somatropin -- a human growth hormone product -- which had not been approved for distribution in the United States by the Food and Drug Administration because the version of the drug being distributed by DNP was manufactured in China , " the release said . The company and Ji entered their pleas before U.S. District Judge George H. King , who set sentencing for December 10 . Ji faced up to 10 years in federal prison and a $ 250,000 fine . DNP faces a $ 900,000 fine . But his lawyer , Marc Harris , said prosecutors have agreed to recommend probation for five years , a $ 103,000 fine and a $ 147,000 forfeiture in exchange for Ji 's plea . Human growth hormone is produced in the brain by the pituitary gland . In the United States , it is approved for the treatment of short stature due to growth hormone deficiency and a number of other indications . Injection of its recombinant form has been touted by some advocates as a way to improve performance in sports . Ji sold 24 grams to a pharmacy in Brooklyn , New York , Harris said , adding that Ji 's company continues to thrive by selling legitimate products .	DNP International and its president plead guilty Owner David Ji pleads guilty to a felony count He faces up to 10 years in prison Sentencing set for December 10
Cairo  CNN  -- Saudi Arabia recalled its ambassador to Egypt and closed its embassy in Cairo and its consulates in Alexandria and Suez Saturday , following protests in the Egyptian capital over a human rights lawyer imprisoned in the Arab kingdom . The decision to pull out Saudi diplomats came after protester "  attempts to storm and threaten the security and safety of its  embassy  employees , " according to the Saudi Press Agency . Throngs of Egyptians had gathered in front of the Saudi Embassy this week , calling for the release of Egyptian lawyer Ahmed el-Gezaw -- detained earlier this month for allegedly insulting King Abdullah . Saudi officials say el-Gezawi was arrested for allegedly trying to smuggle thousands of pills into the country . But the Egyptian Organization for Human Rights say el-Gezawi had been traveling on a pilgrimage to Mecca when he was detained . The Cairo-based group credited the activist for demanding better treatment of Saudi-held Egyptian detainees and criticizing the kingdom over alleged human rights abuses . El-Gezawi has since been sentenced to flogging and faces a year behind bars , the group reported . Video of the demonstrations in Cairo was posted online earlier this week and showed sign-wielding crowds chanting slogans in front of the Saudi Embassy . "  Say it , do n't be afraid , the Egyptian will be lashed , " the crowd chanted . "  We will lash the ambassador ! Lash us imprison us ! Tomorrow the revolution will be in Medina . " In a statement Saturday , the Egyptian government denounced "  these irresponsible acts , " saying that it regrets "  the individual incidents , which were conducted by some citizens against the Embassy of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in Cairo . " "  The incidents only reflect only the view of those who carried them out and nothing more , " the statement said . The protests and Saturday 's decision by Saudi authorities to remove diplomatic personnel from the country appear to have again ratcheted up longstanding tensions between the two Middle Eastern nations . "  It 's a relationship that 's been flawed , " said Steven Cook , senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations . "  Especially since the uprising , many Egyptians regard Saudis as a counterrevolutionary force in the region . " Relations between the two countries soured in 1979 when the kingdom broke off diplomatic relations with Egypt after it inked a peace deal with Israel following the Camp David Accords . The ties were later restored in November 1987 . Egypt , the most populous Arab country , has often engaged in "  a subtle competition " with their Saudi counterparts "  over this question of regional leadership , " Cook said . Egypt erupted in protest last year during 18 days of demonstrations in Cairo 's Tahrir Square after similar uprisings in neighboring Tunisia , ultimately ousting Egypt 's longtime president Hosni Mubarak after nearly three decades in power . "  The Saudis were not enthusiastic about their uprising , " Cook said of Egypt , pointing to apparent concerns among elites in the oil-rich kingdom over their own grip on power . "  And they were angry at the United States for its role in supporting the movement . " In February 2011 , President Barack Obama called for orderly transition in Egypt to a fully representative democracy , saying the transition "  must be meaningful , it must be peaceful and it must begin now . " CNN 's Mohamed Fadel Fahmy , Caroline Faraj and Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : Egypt denounces "  these irresponsible acts , " referring to the Cairo protests The closures come after protests in front of the embassy Throngs of Egyptians call for the release of Egyptian human rights lawyer Ahmed el-Gezawi Saudi officials say el-Gezawi was arrested trying to smuggle pills into the country
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Curtis "  50 Cent " Jackson pleaded "  no contest " to kicking in his ex-girlfriend 's bedroom door , but a domestic violence charge against the rapper was dropped Monday . A plea agreement with the Los Angeles city attorney allows Jackson to avoid jail while serving 36 months of unsupervised probation , according to a statement from the city attorney . Jackson , 37 , was accused of one count of domestic violence and four counts of vandalism for allegedly ransacking the bedroom during an argument at Daphne Joy 's Los Angeles condo last June . "  The agreement called for Mr. Jackson to plead no contest to a single count of misdemeanor vandalism , which deals with the door of the apartment that was damaged and owned by the landlord , " attorney Scott Leemon said . Jackson does not admit guilt with a "  no contest " plea , but it is considered a conviction , a spokesman for the city attorney said . WIth the conviction , Jackson must perform 30 days of community service , attend a year of domestic violence counseling , pay $ 7,100 restitution for damaged property and comply with a stay-away protective order from Joy , the city attorney said . He 'll have to appear in court on February 28 , 2014 , to show the judge his progress in completing the classes and community service . Joy had a three-year relationship with Jackson and the two have a child together , according to a spokesman for the actress-model . "  During an argument , Jackson allegedly began destroying the female 's property , " the city prosecutor 's office said in a written statement in July . "  Allegedly when the female locked herself in her bedroom , Jackson kicked open the bedroom door and kicked her , causing an injury . " Police found broken chandeliers and furniture throughout the home . The bedroom closet was ransacked , with clothes thrown all over the floor , and there was a broken television and lamp , the prosecutor 's office said . Without the plea agreement , Jackson could have faced up to five years in jail and $ 46,000 in fines if convicted on all five counts . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	A domestic violence charge is dropped in the plea deal 50 Cent must serve 36 months probation , attend domestic violence classes He must also stay away from ex-girlfriend Daphne Joy The rapper was charged with ransacking a bedroom during an argument
CNN  -- Italy 's World Cup title defense came to an embarrassing end with a dramatic 3-2 defeat by European footballing minnows Slovakia on Thursday . The four-time champions followed 2006 runners-up France in making a first-round exit despite a frantic finale in which they had a goal disallowed . It is the first time that both finalists from the previous tournament have departed at such an early stage of soccer 's biggest event , and only the fourth occasion that the titleholders crashed out at the opening hurdle . France were the last champions to exit in the first round in 2002 , following Brazil in 1966 and Italy in 1950 -- having won the 1938 event before World War Two broke out . Troubled French team keeps low profile on return home Slovakia progressed into the last 16 along with Paraguay , who topped Group F following a 0-0 draw with New Zealand . The Kiwis were knocked out of the tournament despite finishing unbeaten with three draws -- a sharp contrast to their only other finals appearance in 1982 which ended with three defeats . Slovakia 3-2 Italy Striker Robert Vittek scored two goals to help put World Cup debutants Slovakia into the second round with a famous victory in Johannesburg . The striker put his side ahead in the 25th minute with a smart finish after Italy 's Daniel De Rossi gave the ball away to Marek Hamsik , who plays for Serie A club Napoli . He made it 2-0 with 17 minutes to play after again being set up by Hamsik , but Italy kept their hopes alive when Antonio Di Natale bundled in an 81st-minute goal after a shot by substitute Fabio Quagliarella was only parried . Quagliarella thought he had equalized with five minutes to play , but his effort was ruled offside in a tight decision . Zdenko Strba had suffered a gaping wound in his knee just before halftime after a challenge by Gennaro Gattuso , but soldiered on until just before the end for the Slovaks . His 86th-replacement Kamil Kopunek scored with his first touch of the ball when he coolly lifted the ball over onrushing goalkeeper Federico Marchetti , who was again deputizing for injured first-choice Gianluigi Buffon . Quagliarella , who had a shot cleared off the line by Martin Skrtel in the 66th minute , finally got his reward in time added on with a sublime chip over goalkeeper Jan Mucha . But it was too late for Italy , whose coach Marcello Lippi suffered an ignominious defeat after the highs of 2006 when he led his side to victory in a penalty shootout in the final against France . "  I take full responsibility . There are no excuses because when a team comes to something as important as tonight 's game with terror in their legs , their heads and their hearts , and they do n't manage to express themselves , it means that the coach has n't prepared them in the right way from a psychological , technical and physical perspective , " Lippi said , reported AFP . Paraguay 0-0 New Zealand Paraguay made up for a first-round exit four years ago with a comfortable draw against New Zealand in Polokwane . The South Americans knew a point would be enough to progress following an opening 1-1 draw with Italy and a 2-0 victory over Slovakia . The Kiwis needed to secure their first ever victory at the World Cup , but struggled to create clear-cut chances in a match of few opportunities . Paraguay coach revamped Gerardo Martino his forward line-up with Lucas Barrios replaced by Oscar Cardozo , but his players found New Zealand 's stubborn three-man defense as difficult to break down as the Italians and Slovaks had previously . Paraguay will play the runners-up in Group E on Tuesday , while Slovakia will play that pool 's winners the day before .	Italy knocked out of the World Cup after 3-2 defeat by Slovakia in final Group F match Defending champions finish bottom of their group while Slovaks go through in second With France also out , both of the previous tournament 's finalists have been eliminated Paraguay top the group after 0-0 draw with New Zealand , who go home unbeaten
CNN  -- Do n't expect a respite from the cold weather . For the third time this month , a round of wintry weather is heading for the Midwest and Northeast . Winter weather advisories are already in place for the weekend , as the new system will drop snow over a 1,000-mile stretch . "  What we 've been dealing with so far has just been these chilly temperatures , but no longer will that be the story , " CNN meteorologist Indra Petersons said . How to take care of your cell phone in the cold Chicago , Minneapolis , New York and Washington have already seen below-freezing temperatures , but "  that is not the worst of the story , " she said . "  More snow is on the way . " Snowfall will begin in the Midwest on Friday and reach the Northeast by Saturday morning . Snow amounts could top 10 inches in northern Pennsylvania and parts of upstate New York and New England . Residents could see up to 8 inches of snow in Cleveland , 1 to 3 inches in Pittsburgh , 6 to 8 inches in Boston and 4 to 6 inches in New York . New York City issued a hazardous travel advisory for Saturday and urged all motorists to carry contact information for a towing company in the vehicle . The Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency warned of gusty northeast winds that could hit 50 mph on the cape . Less than an inch of snow is expected in Washington . The National Weather Service predicts 1 to 3 inches of snow in Philadelphia , site of the annual Army-Navy football game on Saturday . Sunday wo n't be so bad , though snow showers are expected in Cleveland and sleet and light snow in Boston . The same storm system will bring rainfall to the Southeast . Dallas , which was coated with ice last weekend , will enjoy temperatures above freezing all weekend . Flightaware.com , a website that tracks airline flights , reported at 10 p.m. Friday that 577 flights had already been canceled for Saturday .	A new storm system will bring wintry weather to the Midwest and Northeast Boston , New York , Cleveland and Washington will see snowfall The same system will bring rain to the Southeast
CNN  -- On "  Amanpour " this Thursday , Christiane Amanpour sits down for an exclusive live interview with the President of Zimbabwe , Robert Mugabe . Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe talks to CNN 's Christiane Amanpour Thursday . In Mugabe 's first interview with a major Western network in years , Christiane will explore the historic power-sharing agreement with the unity government there , and get the president 's thoughts on the highly-emotive issue of land redistribution . As Mugabe prepares to take center stage at the United Nations on Friday , Christiane will take the opportunity to ask if the power-sharing agreement in Zimbabwe is really working , if international sanctions are responsible for his country 's economic and political turmoil , and what kind of engagement he is looking for from the international community . In this rare interview , Christiane will also address signs of optimism emerging in Zimbabwe ; sky-rocketing inflation stabilizing , basic goods returning to store shelves , and a loosening of restrictive media laws . "  Amanpour " is CNN International 's new live global interview program , which launched on September 21 , 2009 as the centerpiece of its new evening line up . Live interview airs 2100 CET Thursday 24 September .	Christiane Amanpour to interview Zimbabwe 's Robert Mugabe Interview will be Mugabe 's first with a major Western network in years Political turmoil , Western sanctions and power-sharing deal up for discussion Watch "  Amanpour " weekdays : ET : 1500 , 0800 ; CET 2100 , 1400 ; HK : 2000 , 0300
CNN  -- On shaky , grainy video recordings , a group of men show off a stash of pills , pop open Budweiser tall boys and shoot dice for stacks of cash . One injects what appears to be heroin ; another displays a large-caliber pistol , ejecting four bullets from the chamber to show that it 's loaded . Here 's the punchline : These guys are already in jail . The scenes were captured in 2009 on a camera smuggled into the House of Detention in New Orleans , a decrepit lockup pressed back into service after Hurricane Katrina . The video 's release during a federal court hearing this week sparked a new demand by the city 's mayor for the federal government to take over the Orleans Parish prison system and a round of I-told-you-sos by advocates for the inmates held there . In addition to the displays of contraband , the inmates in the now-shuttered facility show themselves dishing out soup from bins in grungy , overcrowded cells and sleeping on mattresses laid on floors . One holds up glue traps he says are used to catch nutria , a rat-like pest that has infested much of southern Louisiana and notes that the jail was supposed to have been closed . "  Why 're we in here , then ? " he asks . "  ACLU investigated , and they told them it 's closed down ... why 're we in here ? " This week 's hearings in U.S. District Court are part of a lawsuit filed against Orleans Parish Sheriff Marlin Gusman . Attorneys from the Southern Poverty Law Center say Gusman 's neglect led to "  brutal and inhumane conditions " for inmates , many of whom are jailed for non-violent misdemeanor offenses . "  Hearing some of the testimony and looking at some of the video of the jail itself , I can not imagine the conditions of any human being living in those conditions , " James Hitzman , the father of an inmate who killed himself in the prison two years ago , told CNN affilliate WVUE . In a statement issued Tuesday , Gusman said he closed the House of Detention in 2012 because of its "  state of disrepair and abhorrent lack of proper security measures . " "  Following Hurricane Katrina , we were forced to reopen the House of Detention to house inmates , because other inmate facilities were destroyed by the floods . It was never meant to be a long-term solution , " Gusman said . "  In addition , we have been using eight temporary tents to house inmates . These facilities were never meant to be used this long for these purposes . " U.S. District Judge Lance Africk is weighing whether to approve a settlement with the sheriff 's office that would require the parish to provide appropriate housing , protection and medical care for inmates . But New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu called for a federal receiver to be put in control of the jail after the release of the video , which he said was turned up by the city 's lawyers . "  It is now clearer than ever that the Orleans Parish Sheriff 's Office is not keeping the prison secure and our city safe , " Landrieu said in a statement . "  The people of the city are investing over $ 226 million to build new prison facilities and over $ 30 million each year in the taxpayer money to operate the jail . I can not in good conscience cut vital services or raise taxes to put even more money into an office where waste , fraud , and abuse run rampant . " CNN 's Karan Olson and Jake Carpenter contributed to this report .	A 2009 video shows Orleans Parish inmates using drugs in squalid cells "  Why 're we in here ? " one inmate asks of the decrepit jail The Orleans Parish sheriff says the facility was closed in 2012 New Orleans mayor wants the jail put under federal control
CNN  -- Three U.S. researchers have won the Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine for solving "  a major problem in biology , " the Nobel Committee announced Monday . Jack Szostak , from left , Carol Greider and Elizabeth Blackburn will share the $ 1.4 million prize . Elizabeth H. Blackburn , Carol W. Greider and Jack W. Szostak are credited with discovering how chromosomes are protected against degradation -- a field that could shed light on human aging and diseases , including cancer . "  The award of the Nobel Prize recognizes the discovery of a fundamental mechanism in the cell , a discovery that has stimulated the development of new therapeutic strategies , " the committee said in a news release . The three will share the $ 1.4 million prize . It is the 100th year the prize will be awarded , and the first time that any Nobel in the sciences has gone to more than one woman . The work that won them the prize took place in the late 1970s and early 1980s . It centers on structures at the end of chromosomes called telomeres and an enzyme that forms them , called telomerase . As cells divide , chromosomes need to be replicated perfectly . Work by the researchers determined that telomeres protect DNA from degradation in the process , and that telomerase maintains the telomeres . Though there had been some speculation that the three scientists were being considered for the Nobel , the committee keeps its work top secret -- and all three researchers said they were surprised . Szostak told CNN he got the news in "  that classic early morning phone call from Stockholm . " He described it as "  surprising and exciting " -- perhaps particularly for him because he has not worked on the subject for the past 20 years . "  I 've been working on other things , " he said . "  It started off as a collaboration with me and Liz -LSB- Blackburn -RSB- -- Carol -LSB- Greider -RSB- was a student of hers . " The work began as "  a long-standing puzzle that we were interested in solving , " he said . "  It was only over later years that it emerged , through the work of many people , that this was probably important for aging and cancer . " How it might help fight such diseases is not yet known , Szostak said . "  It will take a while yet for that to be figured out . " Blackburn and Greider did not immediately return calls from CNN . In a telephone conversation with the editor-in-chief of the Nobel Prize Web site nobelprize.org , Greider said she had been attracted to the field of research because "  it seemed like the unanswered question . " She also said telomere research has a higher proportion of women than other fields because in its early days , the lead researchers brought women into the field . She called it a situation in which "  you have someone that trains a lot of women and then there 's a slight gravitation of women to work in the labs with other women . " She added , "  I think actively promoting women in science is very important because the data has certainly shown that there has been an underrepresentation . And I think that the things that contribute to that are very many ... subtle , social kinds of things . " Blackburn , in a separate conversation posted on the Web site , said the proportion of women in telomere research is "  fairly close to the biological ratio of men and women . " "  It 's all the other fields that are aberrant , " she added , laughing . The field of study intrigued her because "  it 's so intricate and complicated , and you want to know how it works , " she said . Blackburn was Greider 's supervisor at the University of California , Berkeley . Now Blackburn is at the University of California , San Francisco . Greider is a professor at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in Baltimore , Maryland . Szostak was previously at Harvard Medical School and is currently professor of genetics at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston , Massachusetts . Married with two children , he told CNN he has "  no idea " what he 'll do with his portion of the monetary prize -- about $ 467,000 . CNN asked whether he thinks his children , ages 9 and 12 , will suddenly think dad 's work is "  really cool . " "  Well , " Szostak said , laughing , "  maybe . " CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : Nobel Committee says prizewinners solved "  a major problem in biology " Winners studied structures at the end of chromosomes called telomeres Their research relates to understanding aging , diseases including cancer Elizabeth Blackburn , Carol Greider and Jack Szostak will share $ 1.4 million prize
CNN  -- A businessman accused of helping facilitate the November 2008 terrorist attacks that killed as many as 164 people in Mumbai , India , goes on trial in a federal courtroom in Chicago on Monday . Prosecutors accuse Tahawwur Hussain Rana of allowing his office , First World Immigration Services , to be used a front for a co-conspirator traveling abroad to scout possible locations for the terrorist attacks , according to court records . Rana is also accused of taking part in a plot to bomb the offices of a Danish newspaper that had published irreverent cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed and angered Muslims across the world . Rana , who denies the allegations , is listed among seven co-defendants in the indictment , five of whom are unnamed and considered to be at large . Prosecutors allege the co-defendants are members of the terrorist group , Lashkar-e Tayyiba , or "  Army of the Pure . " David Coleman Headley , the only other defendant named in the suit , pleaded guilty to terrorism charges last year and is expected to testify against Rana . If convicted , Rana could be sentenced to life in prison . According to the indictment , Rana helped Headley obtain a fake visa to travel to India as well as approve the opening of a First World office in Mumbai . Headley , who is Pakistani-American , "  misrepresented his birth name ,  his  father 's true name , and the purpose for his travel , " on the visa , the indictment states . Between September 2006 and July 2008 , Headley made repeated trips to Mumbai where he made video recordings of potential terrorist sites , the indictment states . In July 2008 , according to the indictment , Rana allegedly passed messages from another plotter to Headley . On November 26 , 2008 , a group of 10 attackers armed with guns , grenades and other explosive devices launched attacks on various targets in Mumbai , including two hotels , a train station and a Jewish center . Those killed in the attacks included six U.S. citizens , the indictment states . After the Mumbai attacks , according to prosecutors , Headley again obtained Rana 's permission to use his company 's name as a cover to conduct surveillance on a Danish newspaper that had publish the offensive cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed . Those attacks were never carried out . Journalist Ben Smith contributed to this report .	Defendant accused of letting his company be used as a cover for terror plot Tahawwur Hussain Rana also accused of involvement in plot to bomb Danish newspaper Rana denies involvement
Choosing healthier foods at the grocery store may soon be a little easier . The Food and Drug Administration is proposing several changes to the nutrition labels you see on packaged foods and beverages . If approved , the new labels would place a bigger emphasis on total calories , added sugars and certain nutrients , such as Vitamin D and potassium . The FDA is also proposing changes to serving size requirements in an effort to more accurately reflect what people usually eat or drink . For example , if you buy a 20-ounce soda , you 're probably not going to stop drinking at the 8-ounce mark . The new rules would require that entire soda bottle to be one serving size -- making calorie counting simpler . This is the first overhaul for nutrition labels since the FDA began requiring them more than 20 years ago . There has been a shift in shoppers ' priorities as nutrition is better understood and people learn what they should watch for on a label , administration officials said . "  You as a parent and a consumer should be able to walk into your local grocery store , pick up an item off the shelf , and be able to tell whether it 's good for your family , " first lady Michelle Obama said in a press release . "  So this is a big deal , and it 's going to make a big difference for families all across this country . " The proposed labels would remove the "  calories from fat " line you currently see on labels , focusing instead on total calories found in each serving . Nutritionists have come to understand that the type of fat you 're eating matters more than the calories from fat . As such , the breakdown of total fat vs. saturated and trans fat would remain . Put down that doughnut : FDA takes on trans fat The proposed labels would also note how much added sugar is in a product . Right now , it 's hard to know what is naturally occurring sugar and what has been added by the manufacturer . "  Now when Americans pull a product from the supermarket shelf , they will have a clear idea of how much sugar that product really contains , " American Heart Association CEO Nancy Brown said . Chemically , added sugar is the same , but studies show many Americans eat more sugar than they realize . The American Heart Association recommends you limit added sugar to no more than half your daily discretionary calories . That means for American men , about 150 calories a day , or nine teaspoons . For women it 's a smaller amount -- no more than 100 calories per day from added sugar , or about six teaspoons of sugar . The FDA also plans to update the daily values for certain nutrients such as sodium , dietary fiber and Vitamin D. For instance , the daily limit for sodium was 2,400 milligrams . If the new rules take effect , the daily value will be 2,300 milligrams , administration officials said . Food and beverage companies would also be required to declare the amount of Vitamin D and potassium in a product , as well as calcium and iron . Research shows Americans tend not to consume enough Vitamin D for good bone health . And potassium is essential in keeping your blood pressure in check . Vegetarian diet could help lower your blood pressure Administration officials said about 17 % of current serving size requirements will be changing , and the FDA is adding 25 categories for products that were n't commonly around 20 years ago  think pot stickers , sesame oil and sun-dried tomatoes  . Most of the required serving sizes will be going up ; no one eats just half a cup of ice cream , for instance . Others , like yogurt , will be going down . "  This will help people better understand how many calories they actually consume , especially if they plan to eat all the food in a container or package , " Brown said . While the American Heart Association and advocacy group Center for Science in the Public Interest commended the FDA 's changes , they noted that there was more to do . Both organizations said the FDA 's sodium recommendation was still too high . Brown said the association will continue to recommend sodium intake be limited to 1,500 milligrams a day . CSPI said it will also request that the FDA include a daily value of 25 grams for added sugars . "  Thus , the Nutrition Facts label for a 16.9-ounce bottle of soda would indicate that its 58 grams of added sugars represents 230 percent of the DV , " the group said in an e-mail . With this announcement , the FDA has opened a 90-day comment period , during which experts and members of the public can provide input on the proposed rules . The FDA will then issue a final rule . Officials said they hope to complete the process this year . Manufacturing companies will then have two years to implement the changes . Nutrition labels have remained pretty much the same for decades . It was n't until the late 1960s that most food labels listed any nutrition information . At the time , labels with calorie or sodium counts were mainly used on products the FDA considered to have "  special dietary uses , " for people with high blood pressure who were watching sodium , for instance . Most people were making meals at home then , so there was n't a huge demand for this information . That changed as more people started eating processed foods . Noticing the trend , the White House pulled together a conference of nutritionists and food manufacturers in 1969 . Nutrition labeling was voluntary at first . It was n't until 1990 that the FDA required nutrition labels for most prepared and packaged foods . Labels for raw produce and fish remain voluntary . More Americans today are interested in what 's on these nutrition labels , research shows . A USDA study released last month showed 42 % of working-age adults between 29 and 68 looked at these labels most or all of the time when shopping . Some 57 % of Americans older than 68 did as well . That 's up from 2007 , when 34 % of working-age adults looked at the label , and 51 % of Americans older than 68 did . The increase is good news as the United States struggles with an obesity epidemic . Some studies have shown that people who read labels eat healthier . More than a third of all Americans are obese , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Obesity rates drop for 2 - to 5-year olds	The Food and Drug Administration is proposing changes to nutrition labels New labels make calorie counts easier to read and highlight added sugar FDA also wants to change required serving sizes in some products , such as soda Proposal will undergo 90-day comment period , may be implemented next year
CNN  -- A man involved in an excessive force lawsuit against police in Hammond , Indiana , faces arrest on seven-year-old marijuana charges , according to documents provided by his attorney . Jamal Jones and his partner , Lisa Mahone , are suing the city and police after a traffic stop in which an officer smashed a window next to Jones and used a stun gun on him . Police have said Jones refused to identify himself and repeatedly ignored requests to step out of the car after officers feared he had a weapon . Dana Kurtz , an attorney for Jones , said the arrest warrant on a 2007 misdemeanor charge of dealing in marijuana is "  retaliation . " "  Jamal was unaware of the warrant but will comply with the law . The traffic stop had nothing to do with this , " Kurtz said . Hammond police did n't immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment . On September 24 , two officers pulled the family over because the two front passengers -- Mahone was driving -- were not wearing seat belts . Both police and the family argued they feared for their safety during the traffic stop , which was videotaped by a teenager in the car . The video in question "  I 'm scared for my life , " Lisa Mahone says in the video . Jones is talking to officers gathered outside his door . His window is rolled down only a few inches . "  I do n't know what 's going on , " he says . Joseph Ivy , 14 , and Janiya Ivy , 7 , are in the back seat . One of them holds a camera , recording the exchange . "  Are you going to open the door ? " an officer asks Jones . "  How can you say they are not going to hurt you ? People are getting shot by the police ! " Mahone says before her voice breaks into screams as an officer smashes the passenger window . Jones joins her screams as his body convulses from the electric shock of the stun gun . Officers then pull him out of the car , handcuff him and take him away . Fear on both sides Minutes before the incident , Mahone was driving to the hospital to visit her dying mother when she was stopped by Hammond Police Officers Patrick Vicari and Charles Turner . The officers placed spike strips under the car 's wheels and approached Mahone . Mahone "  informed the officers that her mother was dying and that  they  were on the way to the hospital to see her before she died , " the lawsuit says . "  Rather than issuing Lisa  Mahone  a ticket for failure to wear a seat belt , the officers demanded that Jamal  Jones  , the passenger , provide the officers with his identification as well . " But Jones did n't have any identification . He had previously turned over his license for an unrelated citation . "  Jamal offered to show the officers the ticket , which had his information on it , but the officers refused , " the complaint reads . Police tell a different story . Call to 911 Jones refused to identify himself and repeatedly ignored requests to step out of the car , Hammond Police spokesman Lt. Richard Hoyda said . "  The first officer saw the passenger inside the vehicle drop his left hand behind the center console inside of the vehicle . Fearing for officer safety , the first officer ordered the passenger to show his hands and then repeatedly asked him to exit the vehicle , " Hoyda said . Meanwhile , Mahone was on the phone with a 911 operator requesting to speak to a supervisor . ` Fear for their safety ' Mahone , Jones and the children "  were in reasonable fear for their safety , " the complaint says . "  After a minute or two for no reason , the officers drew their weapons . " At this point Mahone is heard pleading with someone in the video . "  He  Jones  is looking for his information in his book bag . When he goes into his book bag , they pull a gun out . What was the purpose of a gun ? And now they ask me to open my door so I can get out . I 'm scared . If you can pull out a gun in front of ... there is two kids in the back seat . " Both the police department and city officials are standing by the officers . "  Police officers who make legal traffic stops are allowed to ask passengers inside of a stopped vehicle for identification and to request that they exit a stopped vehicle for the officer 's safety without a requirement of reasonable suspicion , " Hoyda said . Hammond Mayor Thomas M. McDermott Jr. cited two recent police officer deaths in Indiana as the reason for heightened precautions . "  While I hope that situations like this one can be avoided in the future , I am standing solidly behind the actions of these police officers , " McDermott said . Mahone was cited for failure to wear a seat belt and a license plate reciprocity violation . Jones was arrested and accused of failure to aid an officer , resisting law enforcement and was also cited for a seat belt violation , Hoyda said . Lawsuit In the lawsuit filed this week in the Northern District Court of Indiana , Mahone , Jones and the two children accuse the city , Vicari , Turner and "  other unknown officers " of excessive force , false arrest and imprisonment , assault and battery , and Intentional infliction of emotional distress . Hammond Police directed media inquiries to the law firm Eichhorn & Eichhorn . CNN called the firm and asked whether they were representing Hammond Police regarding the September incident . An unidentified woman said , "  That 's true and we have no comment . " CNN attempted to contact Turner and Vicari , but was unsuccessful . Using Taser on an 8-year-old ? Mom sues police , city CNN 's Mayra Cuevas , Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Jamal Jones and his partner are suing the city of Hammond , Indiana , and police there He faces arrest on a marijuana dealing charge from 2007 Jones was dragged out of a car at a traffic stop in September Police say he was noncompliant and they feared for their safety
Washington  CNN  -- A Kansas church notorious for its angry , anti-gay protests at military funerals will continue the controversial practice despite new restrictions in a bill passed by Congress that awaits President Barack Obama 's signature . "  That 's really not going to change our plans at all , " Westboro Baptist Church spokesman Steve Drain told CNN on Friday . "  We 're going to continue to do that . We 're also going to continue to obey all laws . " The next planned protest is at a military funeral Saturday in Lincoln , Nebraska , and Drain said : "  We 'll be out there , doing our thing . " Under provisions of a comprehensive veterans affairs bill that won final congressional approval Tuesday , protesters must be at least 300 feet from military funerals from two hours before they start until two hours after they end . Violators could face unspecified fines and up to two years in prison . "  Protests that encroach upon the funerals and burials of our fallen soldiers are repugnant and inappropriate -- and they undermine the respect military families and loved ones undeniably deserve , " said a statement by retiring Sen. Olympia Snowe , R-Maine , who sponsored the provisions . Snowe , who has complained about the partisan divide in Washington , expressed gratitude to Congress for passing the bill "  to protect the solemn moments of military funerals from outside disruption . " The Westboro church , led by pastor Fred Phelps , believes God is punishing the United States for "  the sin of homosexuality " through events including soldiers ' deaths . Members have traveled the country to protest at military funerals and other events , evoking outrage by shouting at grieving families and displaying such signs as "  Thank God for dead soldiers , " "  God blew up the troops " and "  AIDS cures fags . " "  The Lord has just granted us another round of preaching opportunity here , " Drain said , accusing Congress of enabling homosexuality with its attempt to "  keep Bible preaching away from funerals . " Funerals are one of the few events where "  people will take a really serious look at really moral matters of heaven and hell , " Drain said . The purpose of the church 's protests was to influence the people attending the funerals , he added . "  If you flip off God , if you disobey the standards of God , you will incur God 's wrath , " he said . "  What we 're trying to do is get people to wake up and smell the coffee . " The new restrictions expand on provisions in a federal law passed in 2006 that banned protests within 300 feet of national cemeteries from an hour before a funeral to an hour after it , with violators facing fines and up to a year in prison . Last year , the Topeka , Kansas , church won an appeal at the U.S. Supreme Court in a case that tested the competing constitutional rights of free speech and privacy . The case involved a protest by Westboro members outside the 2006 funeral for Lance Cpl. Matthew Snyder in Westminster , Maryland , near Baltimore . Snyder 's family sued the church in 2007 , alleging invasion of privacy , intentional infliction of emotional distress and civil conspiracy . A jury awarded the family $ 2.9 million in compensatory damages plus $ 8 million in punitive damages , which were later reduced to $ 5 million . The church appealed the case in 2008 to a federal appeals court , which reversed the judgments a year later , siding with the church 's allegations that its First Amendment rights were violated . The case then went to the Supreme Court , which issued a narrow ruling based on the facts of the specific appeal . By an 8-1 vote , the high court said members of Westboro Baptist Church had a right to promote what they call a broad-based message on public matters such as wars . A majority of states across the nation have responded to the protests with varying levels of control over the Westboro church protesters . In addition , counter-protesters including bikers and even people dressed as zombies have turned out at some Westboro church demonstrations . Drain said a legal challenge to the new restrictions was possible . "  We 're keeping our options open , " he said . "  Any law that unnecessarily restricts our freedom of religious expression is always going to be open to challenge . " He added : "  That 's all we care about here . We 've got to preach . " Church members say they believe U.S. soldiers deserve to die because they fight for a country that tolerates homosexuality . The congregation is made up mostly of Phelps and his family . The pastor has 13 children , at least 54 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren . He described himself as an "  old-time " gospel preacher in a CNN interview in 2006 , saying , "  You ca n't preach the Bible without preaching the hatred of God . " Drain said the freedom of expression fight waged by the church benefited all of society , including the news media . "  It 's in everybody 's best interest , including yours , that those sidewalks remain a platform , a forum for open and robust debate , " he said . CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Westboro Baptist Church is known for anti-gay protests at military funerals A bill passed by Congress this week imposes new restrictions on such demonstrations The measure awaits President Obama 's signature Church spokesman : The tougher restrictions bring "  another round of preaching opportunity "
CNN  -- Fran Crippen , a star open-water swimmer , was at a competition in the United Arab Emirates when he made a promise to his longtime prep-school coach back in the states . He would call by 5 a.m. Saturday with the outcome and details of the 10-kilometer Marathon Swimming World Cup . Richard Shoulberg , who began coaching Crippen when he was 7 years old , knew something was wrong when the athlete had not called by 5:45 a.m. ET , he told CNN . Indeed , in the UAE , divers were searching for Crippen after he did not finish the race . They found his body two hours later . The loss of Crippen , 26 , hit hard in suburban Philadelphia , where he grew up in a family of swimmers who trained and began competing there . Crippen was on target to achieve his goal of being an Olympian -- a dream cut short . "  We 're all grieving . We 're all in shock , " Shoulberg said . Doctors determined that severe fatigue was behind Crippen 's sudden death , UAE Swimming Federation Secretary Saeed Al Hamour told CNN Sunday . Earlier , however , the head of the water sports club in Fujairah , Ahmed Ibrahim , said that preliminary tests showed that he suffered a heart attack . The official report released by the UAE Swimming Federation made no mention of a heart attack . "  We do not know , " Shoulberg said about the cause of death , adding that Crippen was "  fit as a fiddle . " Crippen died Saturday during the last leg of the Marathon Swimming World Cup in Fujairah , the International Swimming Federation  FINA  said in a news release . The cause of death is under investigation , FINA said . In a conversation with Shoulberg 12 hours before the race , Crippen said that the outside temperature was 100 degrees and that the water was 87 degrees . The high temperatures have led to some speculation that it may have contributed to the death . However , Al Hamour denied any reports that Crippen 's death may have been caused by water temperature or cleanliness . "  The competition was monitored and supervised by the International Swimming Federation . All security measures were taken care of as needed , " Al Hamour said . "  We 've organized so far 14 competitions and championships and never had any death . " Swimming World magazine reported that Crippen fell unconscious during the event and was found by deep-sea divers two hours later near the race 's final buoy . The U.S. Olympic Committee issued a statement Saturday saying it was "  extremely saddened " to learn of Crippen 's death . "  We send our condolences and deepest sympathies to the Crippen family as well as to our entire swimming community , " the USOC statement said . "  While details of this tragedy are still forthcoming , we shall keep this outstanding young athlete and his family in our thoughts and prayers . " Crippen won bronze in the 10-kilometer event at the 2009 FINA World Championships and was the gold medalist in the same event at the 2007 Pan American games , according to USA Swimming . Crippen , of Conshohocken , Pennsylvania , was inspired to take up swimming at age 6 after watching older sister Maddy Crippen compete in the water . Maddy Crippen was a member of the 2000 U.S. Olympic team , according to USA Swimming . Crippen graduated in 2006 from the University of Virginia where he was twice named Atlantic Coast Conference Swimmer of the Year . He was to be inducted into the athletic hall of fame of his former prep school , the Germantown Academy next month . Instead , he is being remembered as a dedicated swimmer who gave his time to teaching young children how to swim , and introducing high school swimmers to open-water swimming . "  He was an unselfish human being , " Shoulberg said . Crippen 's body will be handed over to U.S. Swimming Federation authorities on Monday . Shoulberg said he hoped his body would be brought home within 48 to 72 hours . CNN 's Caroline Faraj contributed to this report .	NEW : Coach says swimmer was in great shape Officials say that severe fatigue was a factor Fran Crippen , 26 , dies during last leg of 10-kilometer open-water race He fell unconscious and was found two hours later , a magazine reports
CNN  -- Open Road Films will release its Steve Jobs biopic "  Jobs " on August 16 . Ashton Kutcher stars in the title role as Apple co-founder Steve Jobs . The film is directed by Joshua Michael Stern  "  Swing Vote "  . Originally set for an April 19 release as a gesture towards the anniversary of Apple 's founding , in March Open Road Films pulled the film from that weekend hoping to find a better slot . The August 16 weekend is already fairly full , with wide releases including Universal 's action sequel "  Kick-Ass 2 , " The Weinstein Company 's drama "  The Butler , " and Relativity 's thriller Paranoia , not to mention limited releases like "  Ai n't Them Bodies Saints , " "  Austenland , " and "  Prince Avalanche , " which all played Sundance . That weekend is , however , somewhat comfortably outside the territory of the tentpole summer blockbuster hopefuls . "  Elysium , " "  Percy Jackson : Sea of Monsters , " "  Planes , " and "  We 're the Milllers " open the weekend prior . Jobs premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film festival and co-stars Matthew Modine , Dermot Mulroney , and Josh Gad as Steve Wozniak . In January , EW 's Owen Gleiberman wrote that Gad 's performance "  strikes the most relatable note in the movie . " See the original story at EW.com .	The Steve Jobs biopic will be released August 16 "  Jobs " will star Ashton Kutcher The film premiered at the 2013 Sundance Film festival
CNN  -- Manchester City 's million dollar summer signings were paraded in their first Premier League game of the season but it was City 's old guard who earned a priceless first win for new manager Manuel Pellegrini . David Silva , Sergio Aguero , Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri all scored as Manchester City sailed past Newcastle United 4-0 . The victory saw City overhaul local rivals , defending champions Manchester United , at the top of the Premier League table after the first round of matches . The result also compounded a dismal start to the new season for Newcastle -- who were reduced to 10 men -- as the defeat saw them rooted to the bottom of the table . Manchester City have splashed the case in the summer transfer window and there was close to $ 100m worth of new talent on display at the Etihad Stadium . Pellgrini gave full debuts to Spanish winger Jesus Navas and Brazilian Fernandinho in a revamped midfield before bringing on Spanish striker Alvaro Negredo in the second half . Negredo had a goal disallowed late on but the core of the team created by former manager Roberto Mancini had already given the new Chilean boss value for money against Newcastle . "  It 's a very good start but I was very confident that the team would play well , " Pellegrini told the media after the match . "  We worked very hard during preseason , we were trying another style of football and we must continue to improve but for the first match , it was good . "  The most pleasing aspect was the way the team played for 90 minutes , from the beginning the attitude was aggressive and we continued to play that way for the whole match . " City were unleashed at the whistle and Edin Dzeko and Pablo Zabaleta -- who signed a new four year contract to stay at City earlier on Monday -- both came close to scoring . With barely six minutes on the clock , Silva headed in Dzeko 's cross to see City 's lively start to the match rewarded . Aguero found the bottom corner to send City into the break 2-0 up and things got worse for Newcastle when Steven Taylor was show a red card for swiping the Argentine striker with his arm . Toure glided in a free kick to stretch City 's advantage and substitute Nasri pounced on a loose ball to complete the rout . The only downside for City was the exit of captain Vincent Kompany with a suspected groin injury . The result underlined City 's credentials as championship contenders for their third season in a row . After the first round of Premier League matches , the two Manchester clubs top the standings ahead of Aston Villa and Chelsea . There were also wins for would be title challengers Liverpool and Tottenham while Arsenal suffered the misery of a home defeat to Villa .	Manchester City defeat Newcastle United 4-0 in first match of the new season David Silva , Sergio Aguero , Yaya Toure and Samir Nasri all score The result moves Manchester City to the top of the Premier League table Newcastle drop to the bottom after first round of matches
CNN  -- The United Kingdom will back French Finance Minister Christine Lagarde to become head of the International Monetary Fund , British Chancellor George Osborne said . The IMF is scheduled to begin accepting nominations for its top job Monday , following the resignation of Dominique Strauss-Kahn , who faces sexual assault charges in the United States . "  We support her because she 's the best person for the job , but I also personally think it would be a very good thing to see the first female managing director of the IMF in its 60 year history , " said Osborne , Britain 's equivalent of a finance minister . Strauss-Kahn , who is accused of trying to rape a maid last week in his suite at the Sofitel hotel in New York , was released from Rikers Island jail on Friday and is staying with his wife , Anne Sinclair . He proclaimed innocence in a resignation letter to the IMF Executive Board late Wednesday . "  To all , I want to say that I deny with the greatest possible firmness all of the allegations that have been made against me , " he said . The IMF said Friday that it aims to complete the selection process by June 30 . Lagarde is likely to face opposition from developing economies , who are proposing their own candidates for the post . Mexico will put forward Central Bank Chief Agustin Carstens as a candidate , the state-run news agency reported Sunday . Carstens worked with the IMF as the executive director for Mexico , Spain , Venezuela and Central America , and was later a deputy managing director there , Notimex said . Since the IMF was created in 1945 , all 10 of the institution 's managers have been European . Four of them have been French . CNN 's David Wilkinson contributed to this report .	NEW : Mexico will propose its central bank chief to lead the IMF , state media reports French Finance Minister Christine Lagarde would be the first woman to run the IMF Dominique Strauss-Kahn resigned amid charges he tried to rape a hotel maid in New York He denied the allegations in his resignation letter to the fund 's executive board
CNN  -- Protesters took to St. Louis streets for a second night Thursday after an off-duty officer killed a teen who fired at him three times , authorities said . Chants of "  no justice , no peace " rang into the night as crowds rallied after the Wednesday evening shooting . "  We pay you . You 're our employees ! " a protester shouted . Police arrested eight people : five on accusations of unlawful assembly , two for alleged property damage and one on a marijuana possession charge , St. Louis police spokeswoman Schron Jackson said . One officer suffered minor injuries and two police cruisers were damaged , Jackson said . "  I think the officers showed a tremendous amount of restraint , " St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson told CNN affiliate KMOV . Protesters also burned at least one American flag , CNN affiliate KSDK reported . That did n't go over well with some . "  These protesters in Saint louis burning American flags makes me sick , " Twitter user AllenVA75 posted . "  brave men and women in uniform died for that flag , and they burn it ? " But others defended the burning . Twitter user PontifexMonty said "  people really getting mad that they 're burning the flag in St. Louis . not about the black teens that are dead , the burning flag . " The teenager , Vonderrit Deondre Myers , was struck by seven or eight bullets , said Dr. Michael Graham , a St. Louis medical examiner "  All but one gunshot wound were to the lower extremities , " Graham said . "  The one fatal wound was to the head . " Police said the teen fired a pistol three times at an off-duty St. Louis officer who was wearing his uniform while moonlighting for a security company . The officer fired back 17 times , authorities said . Angry protesters pointed out similarities to the August killing of Michael Brown in nearby Ferguson . Myers and Brown were both 18 , African-American and killed by white police officers . One big difference : Police said Brown was unarmed . iReport video : Shots fired at St. Louis protest "  It 's a clear case of this young man being gunned down by an insensitive white officer who was off-duty , " Akbar Muhammad , who also is a member of a coalition calling for the officer who shot Brown to be prosecuted , told CNN affiliate KTVI . Neil Bruntrager , a lawyer for the St. Louis Police Officers ' Association , dismissed accusations that 17 shots were excessive . "  When he uses deadly force , he uses deadly force until the threat is gone , " he said on "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " Without video of the incident or unbiased witnesses , the police and the public must rely on physical evidence , he said . A 9 mm pistol allegedly fired by Myers was found at the scene , police said . It was jammed , which shows that it had been fired , Bruntrager said . But Van Jones , a civil rights activist and CNN contributor , said there 's a lot of police mistrust after the Brown killing . "  You 're seeing a wholesale breakdown of trust , " he said . The officer , a six-year veteran who has not been named , was placed on administrative leave . He served two tours of duty with the military in Iraq and was awarded a Bronze Star and a Purple Heart , Bruntrager said . While on patrol , the officer saw three men run away as he approached , Dotson said . He chased them after one held up his pants in a way that made the officer believe he may be carrying a gun , Dotson said . The officer tussled with one teen , who ran off , then turned around and fired at least three shots toward him , Dotson said . The officer returned fire , killing the teen . Additional marches are planned over the weekend around the St. Louis region , organizers said . CNN 's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	NEW : Flag burning at protest provokes strong reactions Police make eight arrests in St. Louis protests , department spokesman says The officer , who has not been identified , is on leave , police association lawyer says A 9 mm pistol allegedly fired by the teen was found at the scene
Editor 's Note : Actor and writer Joseph C. Phillips has appeared widely on television , including on "  The Cosby Show , " "  General Hospital " and "  Without a Trace , " and in films and theater . He writes a syndicated column and is the author of the book , "  He Talk Like A White Boy . " Joseph C. Phillips with his wife , Nicole , of 14 years , and their children , Connor , 10 , Ellis , 8 , and Samuel , 6 . CNN  -- I was truly honored to participate in the CNN documentary "  Black in America . " As often happens in projects of such ambition , it is difficult for everyone to have sufficient time to flesh out ideas . Though I went on tape with the program 's producers for several hours , it just was n't possible to explore all of my ideas at length . Working in Hollywood , I am used to ending up on the cutting room floor . That 's life in the big city . Soledad O'Brien and I had a long conversation about sentencing disparities among black and white criminals -- specifically , the disparity between sentencing for crack cocaine and powder cocaine . The context of our conversation concerned whether the sentencing disparity was evidence of the racism inherent in the criminal justice system . Despite efforts by the Supreme Court and the U.S. Sentencing Commission to increase flexibility in sentencing , the punishment for possession by a first-time offender of more than 5 grams of crack cocaine is a minimum 5-year prison sentence -- while possession of any amount of powder cocaine is a misdemeanor punishable by no more than a year in prison . In the mid-1980s , when these mandatory minimum sentences came into effect , America was experiencing a surge in violent crime , much of it fueled by the introduction of a new and extremely profitable  to say nothing of addictive  form of cocaine -- crack . There was tremendous violence associated with the crack cocaine trade as drug gangs fought over territory . The media told us that our neighborhoods were filling with crack babies -- children born addicted to cocaine because their mothers smoked the deadly toxin while pregnant . Our representatives in Congress , particularly the Congressional Black Caucus , decided to take a tough stance and supported harsh sentencing guidelines for selling crack cocaine . I have little sympathy for men and women who prey on the innocent hardworking members of the community . I am particularly critical of men who are guilty of criminal behavior , as this runs counter to what I see as one of the primary duties of men : to be guardians of the home and of the community , not parasites on that community . I am , however , uncertain that society gains very much by sentencing thousands of young black men to prison for nonviolent drug offenses . The sentences introduce them to a system from which it is difficult to extricate themselves and begins the downward path to joblessness , absentee fatherhood and more criminal behavior -- in short , creating more of the very behavior we are trying to discourage . The disparity in the guidelines ' impact does not in my mind prove systemic racism . I would , however , argue that it does not represent the best the American justice system has to offer and in fact undermines faith in that very system , especially among black folk . Studies show that more than 50 percent of inmates have drug and alcohol problems . When we are discussing nonviolent offenders , I think it may be prudent to spend a bit more time with rehabilitation as opposed to tossing folk in jail . We have tried for many years to attack the supply side of this equation ; it is in my humble opinion time to begin addressing the demand side and approach the drug war as a health issue . We also need to get a handle on single parenthood and absentee fathers . Responsible members of our community can not stress enough the effects of single parenthood on the development of children and how that development translates into criminal behavior in the community . Studies indicate that nearly 90 percent of the change in violent crime rates in a neighborhood can be accounted for by the change in percentages of out-of-wedlock births . Children from fatherless homes are : • 9 times more likely to drop out of high school . • 10 times more likely to abuse chemical substances . • 20 times more likely to end up in prison . These are sobering statistics . A change in the sentencing guidelines for crack cocaine will have very little effect if we do not begin to commit this community to raising our children in two-parent homes . Finally , there must be a corresponding responsibility on the part of citizens to avoid drugs and alcohol and obey the law . There must also be a continued demand by the rest of us that our fellow citizens engage in moral and ethical behavior . We must insist that concepts like nobility , duty and honor are not sacrificed on the altar of relativism . Nothing distresses me more than the e-mails I receive attempting to explain away the antisocial and criminal behavior of some of our neighbors as the result of poverty and or racism .  Left unanswered , of course , is why they who have also been targets of racism and economic hardship are not engaged in criminal behavior . To suggest that people attempt to live lives of virtue is not simplistic . It is in fact wisdom that is preached in our houses of worship each and every Sabbath day . Whether it concerns sexual behavior , decisions concerning our education or how we conceive of civil behavior , when it comes to creating lives of purpose and fulfillment nothing will replace the individual accessing the wisdom that has been passed down from antiquity . In the words of the poet William Ernest Henley : It matters not how strait the gate , How charged with punishments the scroll , I am the master of my fate : I am the captain of my soul . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	First-time possession of crack carries more severe sentence than powder cocaine Phillips : Disparity does n't prove racism , it was prompted by 1980s crime wave One-parent families are responsible for many social ills , he says People should try to live virtuous lives and take control of their fate , Phillips says
CNN  -- Living in a house made from shipping containers is n't exactly everyone 's idea of a dream home . But a new design could change all that , building on the ethos of sustainability without cramping your style ... or your space . Eco-Pak distinguishes itself from the container crowd , says its U.S. and British creators , by not only being a structure but also a vehicle for all structural components of the house . Seattle-based architect Matthew Coates and James Green , a British aircraft structural engineer , joined forces just over a year ago to build on Green 's original idea for incorporating shipping containers within a bespoke steel shell . The containers form part of the foundation for the building , Green says , as well as being a building block that aids the quick and easy assembly of the frame around it . Coates , who specializes in sustainable design , was familiar with recent innovations in container housing , he says , but Green 's idea immediately stood out . "  I think its advantages over traditional housing are quite profound . It 's an excellent option for emergency housing -- the containers could be shipped to a site in large quantities , set down and assembled very quickly , " Coates said . "  The other thing is that it does n't need a typical foundation . It can actually be put down right on the ground or on concrete blocks or pin piles , " he said . Coates envisages other markets for Eco-Pak beyond emergency housing , with a two-story house targeted at the affordable housing market and a 1,300 square feet three-story structure retailing for approximately $ 80-100 ,000 . Robert Kronenburg , professor of architecture at the UK 's University of Liverpool and author of "  Houses in Motion : The Genesis , History and Development of the Portable Building , " says sustainability is "  very , very crucial " and is driving architectural design more and more . "  Prefabrication is a fantastic way to make things quicker , more economical and improve quality . And trying to find new ways to make affordable housing is obviously important , " he said . He points to the successes already achieved in this area by New York architectural firm LOT-EK -- one of the pioneers of container housing -- and Jennifer Siegal , founder of the Los Angeles-based Office of Mobile Design . "  What it comes down to in the end is the quality of the system you are creating , " Kronenburg says , "  how things fit together , how good the parts are , how easy it is to assemble . It 's really about practice , testing and making sure it works . " With a patent for the Eco-Pak design granted in May this year , Green and Coates are ready to take their project to the next level . With the help of sponsorship from a U.S. non-profit organization , Coates says a fully functioning prototype is on schedule to be completed by the spring of 2013 . "  We intend to sell Eco-Pak internationally , " Coates said , "  so people could order just the structural parts or a turnkey option -- where we would provide all the exterior wall panels and parts . " Green hopes Eco-Pak will change the "  living in a box " perception of shipping containers at a price which wo n't break the bank . "  If you make this thing aesthetically pleasing , people will buy it , " he says , "  and it promotes the greener side of things . "	New design for container housing aimed at providing emergency shelter and affordable housing Design result of collaboration between British aircraft engineer and U.S. architect Containers used as a structure but also carry all materials required to build house Three-story version of house will cost around $ 80-100 ,000 , according to creators
A second American aid worker in Liberia has tested positive for Ebola , according to the Christian humanitarian group she works for . Nancy Writebol is employed by Serving in Mission , or SIM , in Liberia and was helping the joint SIM/Samaritan 's Purse team that is treating Ebola patients in Monrovia , according to a Samaritan 's Purse statement . Writebol , who serves as SIM 's personnel coordinator , has been living in Monrovia with her husband , David , according to SIM 's website . The Charlotte , North Carolina , residents have been in Liberia since August 2013 , according to the blog Writebols2Liberia . They have two adult children . On Saturday , Samaritan 's Purse announced that American doctor Kent Brantly had become infected . The 33-year-old former Indianapolis resident had been treating Ebola patients in Monrovia and started feeling ill , spokeswoman Melissa Strickland said . Once he started noticing the symptoms last week , Brantly isolated himself . Brantly , the medical director for Samaritan Purse 's Ebola Consolidated Case Management Center in Monrovia , has been in the country since October , Strickland said . "  When the Ebola outbreak hit , he took on responsibilities with our Ebola direct clinical treatment response , but he was serving in a missionary hospital in Liberia prior to his work with Ebola patients , " she said . Deadliest Ebola outbreak Health officials say the Ebola outbreak , centered in West Africa , is the deadliest ever . As of July 20 , some 1,093 people in Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia are thought to have been infected by Ebola since its symptoms were first observed four months ago , according to the World Health Organization . Testing confirmed the Ebola virus in 786 of those cases ; 442 of those people died . Of the 1,093 confirmed , probable and suspected cases , 660 people have died . There also are fears the virus could spread to Africa 's most populous country , Nigeria . Last week , a Liberian man hospitalized with Ebola in Lagos died , Nigerian Health Minister Onyebuchi Chukwu said . Lagos , the largest city in Nigeria , has a population of more than 20 million . The man arrived at Lagos airport on July 20 and was isolated in a local hospital after showing symptoms associated with the virus . He told officials he had no direct contact with anyone with the virus nor had he attended the burial of anyone who died of Ebola . Another doctor infected Confirmation of the death in Lagos came after news that a doctor who has played a key role in fighting the Ebola outbreak in Sierra Leone is infected with the disease , according to that country 's Ministry of Health . Dr. Sheik Humarr Khan is being treated by the French aid group Medecins Sans Frontieres -- also known as Doctors Without Borders -- in Kailahun , Sierra Leone , agency spokesman Tim Shenk said . Before falling ill , Khan had been overseeing Ebola treatment and isolation units at Kenema Government Hospital , about 185 miles east of the capital , Freetown . Ebola typically kills 90 % of those infected , but the death rate in this outbreak has dropped to roughly 60 % because of early treatment . What is Ebola , and why does it kill ? Spread by bodily fluids Officials believe the Ebola outbreak has taken such a strong hold in West Africa because of the proximity of the jungle -- where the virus originated -- to Conakry , Guinea , which has a population of 2 million . Because symptoms do n't immediately appear , the virus can easily spread as people travel around the region . Once infected with the virus , many people die in an average of 10 days as the blood fails to clot and hemorrhaging occurs . The disease is n't contagious until symptoms appear . Symptoms include fever , headache and fatigue . At that point , the Ebola virus is spread via bodily fluids . Get the fast facts on Ebola Health workers are at especially high risk , because they are in close contact with infected people and their bodily fluids . Adding to the danger , doctors may mistake the initial stages of an Ebola infection for another , milder illness . Deadliest outbreak ever : What you need to know Is it time to text experimental vaccines ? Why the epidemic is spinning out of control I survived Ebola	Aid worker Nancy Writebol becomes second American infected Dr. Kent Brantly is ill after treating Ebola patients in Liberia last week The current outbreak of Ebola virus is the deadliest ever , health officials say A doctor working on the Ebola outbreak in Sierra Leone is also infected
CNN  -- Politicians are running for office again . Despite our best efforts , there is nothing we can do stop them . Tuesday there will be an election . Here are 10 things to look for as the election returns come in : 1 . Did voters choose the least recent of two evils ? To adapt a quote often borrowed by my friend , Mark Shields , Mae West said that when faced with a choice between two evils , she usually picked the one she had not tried lately . If Republicans win , even by large margins Tuesday night , was it only because they were a less recent evil ? Will the GOP get the message that they are not being embraced for who they are but only given a shot because who they are not ? If Republicans do n't get that message , they can write off 2016 . 2 . The "  war on women " distraction : Michael Goodwin writes that President Barack Obama 's "  commitment to a more powerful government at home and abdication of American leadership around the world is being exposed as a historic calamity . " Whether you agree with Goodwin or not , it is hard to dispute that America 's challenges are overwhelming American leadership . Under Democrats ' watch , polls show that most Americans believe our economy has fossilized like an Egyptian mummy . The Middle East has caught on fire , ISIS has grown from JV team to Super Bowl contender , Russia 's Vladimir Putin strides the Earth unchecked , Obamacare turns out to be Medicaid and Ebola is threatening to become a pandemic . Yet , the Democratic theme this cycle is that a Republican Party dominated by old , white men does not understand the concerns of modern women . Seriously ? Is this obvious distraction the best the Democratic Party can do ? Who would have thought that , when the world is burning down , it would be Democrats advising women not to worry their pretty little heads about anything other than gender issues ? Tuesday night , we will learn whether the Democratic campaign was too small for the times , insulting and demeaning . 3 . Will Tuesday night empower Elizabeth Warren ? On Election Night , count the number of Democrats in swing or purple states who lose their Senate seats . An untold story in Washington is that Democrats , like Republicans , are becoming a much less moderate party . It is unlikely the Democratic base will react to Senate losses by calling for moderation instead of purity : Fewer moderates means that extreme elements in the Democratic base will be able to raise an even larger voice . Losses in purple states such as Iowa , Colorado , New Hampshire and North Carolina will empower Warren 's shrill populism . Wednesday morning , Hillary Clinton may have to apologize for apologizing for saying that "  businesses do n't create jobs . " 4 . Does success divide Republicans ? Republicans have been split between establishment types , libertarians , neo-isolationists , tea party supporters , social issue conservatives and a small group that fears trigonometry . One man has brought them all together , however : Barack Obama . Who would have thought that , if only in this perverse way , Obama would succeed George Bush as a uniter and not a divider ? No GOP faction will be credited for Tuesday night 's victories or blamed for defeats because Republicans actually are , if only temporarily , united . Instead , the GOP 's challenge will be to hold these factions together if Republicans gain a majority in the Senate . Tuesday night , if Republicans such as Ted Cruz are talking about repealing Obamacare or social issues , they are inviting division . If , instead , they explain that this election has given them an opportunity to lead an economic renewal , it will be a sign that Republicans are trying to hold the party together and have actually smartened up a bit . 5 . Does defeat kick off WWIII within the Democratic Party ? Bill Clinton is all that is left of a Democratic Party that once had a sense of humor , declared "  the era of big government is over " and understood we have to create prosperity before we share it . The party 's base , however , enjoys none of these fine qualities . Its heart beats with Warren 's populism and Obama 's post-Clinton liberalism . Tuesday night , look to see who blames whom for Democratic losses , and keep an especially sharp eye on pro-growth , pro-business Democrats and big Democratic contributors . Will they engage in any serious self-reflection ? If Democrats only blame the consumer  voters  or the marketers  the consultants  instead of the team who made the product  Obama , Sen. Harry Reid , Warren , et al.  , they are whistling past the graveyard . New Democrats need to start a war and pull their party back to the center for 2016 . 6 . Does Obama 's presidency effectively end Tuesday night ? Recently , when we 've seen someone wearing a hazmat suit on the news , it may have been a medical professional protecting us from Ebola . Or , it could have been a Democratic candidate trying to protect themselves from a presidential visit . President Obama has deluded himself that he is not a plague upon Democratic candidates but Tuesday evening , two East Coast states may set him straight . If Republicans win early on the East Coast , in tight races such as New Hampshire and North Carolina , denial will no longer be an option and the President may be put in quarantine . With a bad night in these states , Jimmy Carter may have a better chance of getting invited to speak at the 2016 Democratic convention than Barack Obama . Why does that matter ? Because politicians with huge egos rarely fade gracefully from public view , especially while still in office . Obama is the man who said , "  I 'm LeBron baby , " told us his policies were "  on the ballot " and made sure this midterm election was all about him . A President without the support of his country , caged in his own White House , bouncing off the walls like a wounded animal , can do great damage to his party and his country . Tuesday night will shape Obama 's final two years . 7 . Has the Republican Party seen its future ? The most important race for Republicans Tuesday night will be the Senate race in Colorado , where the next generation of Republican has been born . Cory Gardner , a sunny , optimistic , self-declared "  new kind of Republican , " may show his GOP companions how they can seize the future if they are more than the grumpy old party of "  no " and explain how their principles can renew our economy and our country . In Gardner , Republicans may see the difference between a merely acceptable and a desirable alternative to today 's Democrats . Colorado matters . Watch this state to see what the Republican Party can be . 8 . Is the Democratic turnout machine still the difference ? In states such as North Carolina and Georgia , Democrats have a home field advantage : big , urban areas with large concentrations of targetable voters . We should get a good read on the power of the Democratic turnout machines in the North Carolina and Georgia Senate races . If Sen. Kay Hagan hangs on in North Carolina , credit the Democratic ground game . Alert for Republicans : There is no reason your adversaries ca n't squeeze two or three extra points out of their superior ground game not only this cycle , but in 2016 . My bet ? Hagan is trapped with about 45 % of the vote and 3 points from a superior ground game wo n't be quite enough . But this is one of the closest races to watch Tuesday evening . 9 . Is demography destiny ? The Democratic Party is building its future on demography , not ideas . Short-term , their strategy is to turn around elections they might otherwise lose by driving minority and youth turnout to above average levels . Long-term , they hope to build an "  emerging majority " as their targeted groups become larger parts of the electorate . All this , of course , requires that Democrats remain the overwhelming preference of minority and younger voters . Any cracks in these elemental building blocks of the Obama coalition would not augur well for Democratic strategy , long term . Tuesday night , however , will we see new fissures here ? When first elected , Obama 's messianic candidacy brought masses of rapturous millennials to the Democratic Party . Now they find themselves in a stagnant economy , bearing massive student debt , living in their parents ' basements , facing decades of work to pay for debt racked up by their profligate elders and for their parents ' retirement . The higher you lift someone 's hope and dreams , the further they may fall . Now , millennial voters are up for grabs . Tuesday will give us a glimpse into the future of the Democratic Party 's "  emerging majority . " 10 . Is Tuesday night 's big loser Washington ? For years , both Republicans and Democrats have found electoral success promising solutions from Washington : "  The Five Point Plan for This or That " Act , the "  Jobs Bill that Helps Politicians Keep Their Jobs " and the ever-popular "  Equal Pay for the Job You Do n't Have Act . " Tuesday night will measure the breadth of the chasm between what Washington promises and what voters actually see it deliver . If Republican Sen. Pat Roberts loses in Kansas , we will know that heartland America 's patience with Washington has been exhausted . Washington 's currency is its ability to promise . That currency has been immensely devalued . What happens when Americans are no longer willing to accept it in exchange for their votes ? We may have reached a tipping point where voters look at promising Washington politicians and say , "  The emperor has no clothes . " And that 's the good news for perhaps , at that point , real change will become possible . And for political junkies wondering what to do after this election , the 2016 presidential campaign will be starting right after this commercial break . We ca n't stop them either . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Alex Castellanos : Whether we like it or not , here come the election results Castellanos : If GOP does well , is it because voters like its message ? Or just think Dems are worse ? He asks : Will Democrats see their troubles as a reason to change course ? Castellanos : Was it a mistake for Democrats to run on the "  war on women " ?
Goalkeeper Mohamed Saqr was the hero as Al Sadd became the first Qatari football club to win the Asian Champions League title on Saturday . The 30-year-old saved two penalties as his side beat South Korea 's Jeonbuk 5-4 in the deciding shootout after the final ended 2-2 following extra-time at the Jeonju World Cup Stadium . Coach Jorge Fossati was delighted with his player after Al Sadd booked a place at the FIFA World Club Cup in December . "  When I returned to the club , many people told me that Mohamed Saqr can not play anymore . They say he is too old , " the Uruguayan told the Asian Football Confederation website . "  He played fantastic today but believe me , it was not the only game that he was fantastic in this competition . Today he had a big game : the Jeonbuk players did not miss the penalties , he saved them . "  In the game he also made two or three very important saves , the one at the end was extraordinary , and he showed everybody that he can play and he can continue to play . " Fossati returned to Al Sadd this year after being sacked by Saudi club Al-Shahab in December , having last worked in Qatar as national coach in 2008 . "  I could not imagine that it would go to penalties . I really was very worried especially when it went to extra-time because our physical condition to play this game was not the same as normal . When you fly 10 hours two days ago , you need to adapt to the different time zone , " the 58-year-old said . With home advantage , Jeonbuk had been seeking to add to the club 's 2006 title in front of a record 41,000 fans . Brazilian midfielder Eninho ensured the perfect start when he curled in a free-kick after only 17 minutes , but Sim Woo-yeon headed a cross by Abdulkader Keita into his own net just before the half hour . The Ivory Coast striker put Al Sadd ahead in the 69th minute , but the hosts equalized when substitute Lee Sung-hyun headed home in stoppage time . Jeonbuk hit the woodwork for the third time in the match during the extra period , but Al Sadd held on before Ali Afif was sent off for a second yellow card right at the end . Saqr saved penalties from Kim Dong-chan and Park Won-jae , while Al Sadd 's South Korea international defender Lee Jung-Soo hit the crossbar before Algeria 's Nadir Belhadj netted the decisive spot-kick . Jeonbuk striker Lee Dong-gook was named the competition 's top player after finishing as overall leading scorer , with nine of his team 's 33 goals . "  I am particularly disappointed that I became injured at a crucial time and I am very sorry to all the home fans that I could not show my full potential in this game tonight , " said the 32-year-old , who started the final on the bench after picking up a knock in the first leg of the semi against Saudi side Al Ittihad . "  I feel very responsible for not being able to play to my full potential today and I want to apologize to our fans . We played to win of course but it did not happen , so I am very sad . "	Al Sadd first Qatari football club to win Asian Champions League title Goalkeeper Mohamed Saqr saves two penalties in shootout win in final Saturday 's clash with Jeonbuk in South Korea ended 2-2 after extra-time Home team 's striker Lee Dong-gook is named the competition 's top player
CNN  -- Apparently it was a coincidence , but the deadly shooting in Ottawa came on the same day that the 17-year-old Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai was scheduled to speak with high school students and receive honorary Canadian citizenship . Instead of listening to Malala , instead of seeing Prime Minister Stephen Harper honor the idealistic teenager who defied radicals to advocate peace , reconciliation , and education , Canadians watched in horror as their normally placid capital became the scene of mayhem in what Harper later described as a terrorist attack . It was the second attack this week , the second in which a Canadian soldier was killed . In both cases the alleged perpetrators were men whose passports authorities had confiscated fearing they had become radicalized and would travel to the Middle East to join Islamist extremists . The Ottawa attack kept Malala from delivering her message in person . And yet , there is something profoundly powerful in this intersection -- in this scheduling conflict of competing ideologies . The killings in Canada and the canceled events delineate a sharp contrast between the alternative worldviews faced by young people today -- particularly by young Muslims . They also highlight the need to develop a clear path of active involvement for those who want to join in making a reality of Malala 's vision , just as those who support extremists receive clear direction on how to join their cause . On one side there is the future outlined with such remarkable clarity by Malala , one in which we provide educational opportunities for all , strive for peace , and respect our differences . She has the heavy burden of having become the torch-bearer for advocates of moderation , coexistence and equality . Then there is the other end of the spectrum , inhabited by the hyper-extremist group known as ISIS , which also manages to communicate its vision for the future , broadcasting its ideology , its military exploits and its excesses across social media platforms . Malala had arrived in Toronto this week , as scheduled but , sadly , she left town without speaking , after her events were canceled as a result of the crisis in Ottawa . She tweeted , "  I extend my thoughts and prayers to the Canadian people during this difficult time . " It was not the first time that her plans were abruptly changed by a shooter . Her life took a most unexpected turn in 2012 after an extremist tried to kill her . Now , with the rise of ISIS and a jihadist appeal that has brought young Muslims from around the world to fight in Syria and Iraq , Malala 's symbolic place in the battle of ideas extends beyond Pakistan and Afghanistan . Now it is vital that her message be heard everywhere . But she can not do it alone . There is a great need to build on her ideas with practical action . Those who accept the ISIS creed know what to do . They travel to the Middle East to join their jihad , or they follow ISIS 's deadly guidance at home . For those who embrace Malala 's enlightened view there is no clear path ahead . How does a young person join the cause of freedom and equality ? One of the admirable aspects of young adulthood is an awakening to the larger world ; a wish to become involved in something larger than ourselves , a drive to make the world a better place . Consider Malala 's words at the U.N. last year : "  We call upon all communities to be tolerant -- to reject prejudice based on cast , creed , sect , religion or gender . To ensure freedom and equality for women so that they can flourish . We can not all succeed when half of us are held back . We call upon our sisters around the world to be brave -- to embrace the strength within themselves and realize their full potential . " Compare it to the ISIS appeal , which a few days ago proclaimed the rightness of its revival of slavery and slave markets for selling Yazidi women , or its more recent call to followers , "  If you are not able to find an IED or a bullet , then single out the disbelieving American , Frenchman , or any of their allies . Smash his head with a rock , or slaughter him with a knife , or run him over with your car , or throw him down from a high place , or choke him , or poison him . " The jihadi appeal is quickly rejected by the vast majority of Muslims , but the tiny percentage who accept it can cause terrible damage . And their help contributes to ISIS victories in the Middle East that are destroying the lives of men and women , including those who might have grown into future Malalas . Malala 's canceled events in Canada will likely be rescheduled . When she returns , she will have a message that will resonate even louder after what occurred in Ottawa . Until then , let her supporters come up with a plan so that those who would follow her can help build the world she envisions , with organizations and active movements in which people can enlist to promote equality , coexistence , and acceptance of other points of view .	Frida Ghitis : Malala was due to make appearances on day of Ottawa shooting She says Malala has a powerful message of reconciliation and education Ghitis : It stands in stark contrast to the hateful , violent rhetoric ISIS uses to recruit She says we need to find ways to spread Malala 's hopeful , healing message
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Taliban militants beheaded six Afghan police officers during a raid in northern Baghlan province , officials said Wednesday . The militants had attacked a school , clinic and the district governor 's office in Dahanah-e Ghori . They overran a police checkpoint and killed the six police officers , according to NATO 's International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  and Munshi Abdul Majid , the governor of Baghlan . In all , eight police officers were at the checkpoint , Munshi said . They defended themselves for two hours during the skirmish before the beheadings . The grisly incident occurred Tuesday in a province that had until recently been largely spared from violence and on the same day that participants at an international donors conference in Kabul agreed that Afghan forces should take over security for the troubled nation by 2014 . "  This incident once again demonstrates the brutal , barbaric and senseless acts committed by the Taliban , " said Col. Rafael Torres , an ISAF spokesman . "  We remain committed to serving alongside our Afghan partners to improve security and development for all Afghans . " Two ISAF servicemembers died after an insurgent attack Tuesday in southern Afghanistan , an ISAF statement said Wednesday . On Wednesday , another international coalition forces service member died in a bombing in southern Afghanistan , an ISAF statement said . Journalist Matiullah Mati contributed to this report .	NEW : 2 ISAF members died after an insurgent attack Tuesday in southern Afghanistan Militants attacked several buildings in Baghlan province They overran a checkpoint and killed the police officers The grisly incident occurred on the day of the Kabul donors conference
