CNN  -- Ten villages in western Niger have publicly denounced the practice of female genital mutilation , according to a UNICEF report . Representatives from the West African nation 's Tillabery region have called for all people living there to end the practice , the report said . "  We have decided to definitively put an end to female genital mutilation in our villages and to continue sensitizing neighboring villages so they also give up the practice , " said N. Babobou Pana , leader of one of the villages . Heading the call was Kompoa Tamkpa , a former traditional practitioner . "  I have given up the bad work , because it does not bring anything to our village , " she said . "  We thought it was good for women , that it was going to bring them success . But we found out that it does not bring anything . " Female genital mutilation , which is also called female circumcision , is commonly performed on young girls without anesthesia , and is extremely painful and traumatizing , UNICEF said . The practice involves partial or total removal of the external female genitalia and can result in prolonged bleeding , a higher risk of HIV infection , infertility and even death . The procedures are based on religious and cultural beliefs , including efforts to prevent premarital sex and marital infidelity . "  UNICEF is extremely pleased with this public declaration to end female genital mutilation in this part of Niger , as it is seen by Nigerian authorities as a severe violation of the rights of women and young girls , " said Akhil Iyer , a UNICEF representative in Niger . The rate of genital mutilation in Niger dropped by more than half between 1998 and 2006 , from 5.8 percent to 2 percent , according to a government survey released last year . But about 66 percent of women in the west of the country are still subjected to the practice , the report said . The practice is most common in western , eastern and northeastern regions of Africa , as well as in some countries in Asia and the Middle East , and among certain immigrant communities in the United States and Europe .	10 villages in Niger , West Africa , denounce practice of female genital mutilation Practice , performed on young girls without anesthesia , is extremely painful Rate of female circumcision has dropped but still common in west of Niger Practice also common in western , eastern and northeastern regions of Africa
Washington  CNN  -- Democrats seem poised to choose their next presidential nominee the way Republicans often choose theirs : according to the principle of "  next in line . " Hillary Clinton came second in the nomination fight of 2008 . If she were a Republican , that would make her a near-certainty to be nominated in 2016 . Five of the past six Republican nominees had finished second in the previous round of primaries .  The sixth was George W. Bush , son of the most recent Republican president . Democrats , by contrast , prefer newcomers . Six of their eight nominees since 1972 had never sought national office before . Obviously , past performance is no guarantee of future results . Democrats chose the next guy in line in 2000 -- Vice President Al Gore -- and they may well do so again . But speaking from across the aisle , it 's just this one observer 's opinion that Democrats would be poorly served by following the Republican example when President Obama 's term ends . Hillary Clinton is 14 years older than Barack Obama . A party has never nominated a leader that much older than his immediate predecessor .  The previous record-holder was James Buchanan , 13 years older than Franklin Pierce when the Democrats chose him in 1856 . Runner-up : Dwight Eisenhower , 12 years older than his predecessor , Thomas Dewey . Parties have good reasons to avoid reaching back to politicians of prior generations . When they do , they bring forward not only the ideas of the past , but also the personalities and the quarrels of the past . One particular quarrel that a Hillary Clinton nomination would bring forward is the quarrel over the ethical standards of the Clinton White House -- and , maybe even more , of the Clintons ' post-White House careers . Relying on Hillary Clinton 's annual financial disclosure reports , CNN reported last year that former President Bill Clinton had earned $ 89 million in speaking fees since leaving the White House in 2001 . Many of these earnings came from foreign sources . In 2011 alone , the former president earned $ 6.1 million from 16 speeches in 11 foreign countries . Is it an ethical problem for the husband of the person charged with the foreign affairs of the United States to earn so much foreign-sourced income ? Let 's rephrase that question : How much time do Democrats wish to spend arguing the ethics of Bill Clinton 's foreign earnings over the 2016 political cycle ? Yet the biggest risk to Democrats from a Hillary Clinton nomination is not that it would be generationally backward-looking -- or that it would reopen embarrassing ethical disputes -- but that it would short-circuit the necessary work of party renewal . After eight years in the White House , a party requires a self-appraisal and a debate over its way forward . Bill Clinton offered Democrats just such a debate in 1992 with his "  New Democrat " ideas . Barack Obama offered another in 2008 with his careful but unmistakable criticism of Clinton-era domestic policies and Hillary Clinton 's Iraq war vote . But if Hillary Clinton glides into the nomination in 2016 on the strength of money , name recognition , and a generalized feeling of "  It 's her turn , " then Democrats will forgo this necessary renewal . Here 's what could happen instead in 2016 : One candidate could seek the Democratic nomination on a platform of keeping faith with the ideals of the pre-presidential Obama : closing Guantanamo , ending targeted killings , and so on . Another Democrat could run to represent those Democrats who supported Bill Clinton back in the 1990s , and who worry that the Obama administration has drifted too far to the left : spending too much , ignoring budget deficits , getting into too many fights with business . Yet another could run as a full-throated defender of the Obama legacy , updating the 1988 George H.W. Bush "  stay the course " message . This would be a real debate that would summon forth hard thinking about how Democrats might govern their country if returned for a third presidential term  as could very well happen , given the continuing political weakness of the GOP  . A Hillary Clinton campaign would want to shut down any such debate before it starts . It would want to inherit the Democratic nomination and then the presidency as an estate in reversion : a debt long owed , now collected . If successful , it would arrive in office without a platform and without much of a mandate . That 's not a formula for an effective presidency -- or a healthy democracy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	Democrats seem poised to let Hillary Clinton inherit nomination in 2016 , writes David Frum He says after eight years in the White House , Democrats should reassess their future Picking Hillary Clinton would be a backward-looking move , he says Frum : Clinton would arrive in office without a platform or much of a mandate
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- The death toll from a flash flood in Indonesia 's capital grew to 98 people on Sunday as rescuers widened their search for more than 130 other people in the aftermath . Members of a search and rescue team look for bodies near Jakarta . The nation 's health ministry said 62 women , 31 men and three students had been killed . Of those , 12 bodies remained unidentified , ministry spokesman Rustam Pakaya said . Another 13 people were missing . The search for the missing will be called off Sunday night , he said . The flood started Friday morning after heavy rains caused waters to smash through a dam and rush into Jakarta . The breach unleashed a torrent of water that plowed into hundreds of homes in what some survivors described as a suburban "  tsunami . " About 1,500 volunteers -- mostly students from two flooded universities in Jakarta -- are assisting in the search and rescue effort , said Mardjito , a social affairs ministry official who , like many Indonesians , goes by one name . He said rescuers started using heavy machinery to lift debris . Still , the death toll is expected to rise . At least 50 people were injured and nearly 1,500 have been displaced . Mardjito said a camp for survivors so far has adequate supplies as members of political parties continue to send food , blankets , flashlights and other items amid a major election year . Sleeping residents were taken by surprise by the powerful flash flood as it crashed through the crowded Cirendeu district near Jakarta early Friday . Watch scenes of the flood devastation " Drenched and shivering survivors were taking refuge on the rooftops of their homes as rescuers in rubber boats were struggling to reach them , said social affairs ministry official Mardjito . Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , currently on the campaign trail ahead of the elections later this year , has said he had ordered senior ministers to visit the scene of the disaster . "  On behalf of the government , I express my condolences to the families of the dead victims and may their souls be accepted by God almighty , " he said , according to the official Antara news agency . The rain obliterated a 255-meter-long section of the dam , releasing a wall of water from a 20-hectare lake that some survivors said reminded them of the tsunami that hit Indonesia in 2004 . "  They said they had heard loud rumbling sounds like during a powerful earthquake . They later found out that the sounds came from the water rushing out from the dam 's lake , " according to Antara . Floods from heavy rains are an annual occurrence in and around Jakarta , a low-lying city on the northern coast of Java island , where poor infrastructure often results in polluted canals and rivers overflowing their banks and spilling into thousands of homes . In 2007 , 38 people were killed and 430,000 forced from their homes when storm water 3 meters deep in some places swamped 75 percent of the capital , which is home to about 9 million people . With poor sanitation and a hot and humid climate , the risk of water-borne diseases is usually a major concern following floods in the city , where mosquito-transmitted malaria is also a threat . CNN 's Andy Saputra contributed to this report .	At least 98 dead , many more missing , from flash floods in Jakarta Flood began after heavy rains caused waters to smash through a dam Survivors say rumbling of waters sounded like an earthquake Rescuers are having difficulties reaching people because of mud
CNN  -- The Tamil Tigers have been invited by Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa to lay down their arms after government forces retook the city of Kilinochchi Friday , once the center of power for the rebel group . Sri Lanka 's President Mahinda Rajapaksa has called on the Tamil Tigers to stop fighting . But while Colombo celebrated the government success with fireworks , within an hour a suicide bomber abruptly shattered whatever hopes the president may have had for immediate peace . The bomber , riding a motorcycle , blew himself up outside air force headquarters in Colombo , killing two air force police officers and a member of the bomb-disposal unit , authorities said . The new year may signal a turn in Sri Lanka 's conflict -- but it is unlikely to be an end . The Tamil Tigers have their roots in the earliest days of Sri Lanka 's independence in 1948 . But since then they have grown from a political group intent on protecting their rights to a fierce rebel movement classified by the United States and others as a terrorist organization . The conflict between the Tigers and the government has lasted more than 25 years and left at least 65,000 people dead . The Tigers are part of the island 's minority Tamils , an ethnic group that has lived on the island for centuries since their ancestors came over from southern India . These Sri Lankan Tamils are distinct from Indian Tamils , an even smaller minority , who came with the British colonists in the 19th century . Sri Lanka 's majority Sinhalese have lived on the island much longer than the Tamils and represent about three-quarters of the population , according to the U.S. State Department . Most historians believe they came over from northern India in the 6th century B.C. . It was Sri Lanka 's post-independence government that sparked the rise of the Tamil Tigers . After 1948 , Tamils started growing uneasy with the country 's unitary government and apprehensive that the Sinhalese might abuse Tamil rights . They felt marginalized when S.W.R.D. Bandaranaike became prime minister after winning the 1956 elections on a platform of Sinhalese nationalism . The Tamils bristled at his declaration that Sinhala would be the official language and protested against government policies deemed favorable to the Sinhalese . Violence and radicalization started to grow during the following decades , and by the 1970s , Tamil politicians were demanding a separate Tamil state -- Tamil Eelam -- in northern and eastern Sri Lanka , the Tamils ' traditional homeland . Other Tamil groups , however , sought a separate state by force . Among them were the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  , founded in 1976 -- and now simply known as the Tamil Tigers . The violence still raging today intensified in 1983 , when the Tamil Tigers killed 13 Sinhalese soldiers . It led to the largest outburst of violence in the island 's history , with hundreds of Tamils killed , tens of thousands left homeless and more than 100,000 fleeting to south India , according to the U.S. State Department . The government began trying to suppress the Tamil Tigers in the north and east while the Tigers launched terrorist attacks in the capital of Colombo and elsewhere . Fighting has continued for the most part since then , halted briefly by a handful of peace agreements , some of them high-profile . Under an accord signed with India in 1987 , the government gave in to some Tamil demands , including devolution of power to the provinces and official status for the Tamil language . But fighting continued . The Tamils fought an Indian peacekeeping force deployed in the north and east as part of the 1987 accord , and after years of bloody fighting , the Indians withdrew in early 1990 . The United States designated the LTTE as a foreign terrorist organization in 1997 . In February 2002 , Sri Lanka 's government and the LTTE signed a cease-fire agreement at Norwegian-sponsored talks . But the LTTE dropped out of the negotiations a year later , claiming they were being marginalized . They launched a suicide bombing campaign the next year . The Tigers stepped up their attacks in April 2006 with an explosion at a Sinhalese market and two suicide bombings that killed a top army commander and seriously wounded another . Weeks later , the European Union designated the LTTE as a terrorist organization . Sri Lankan government forces engaged the rebels in heavy fighting in 2008 in the Kilinochchi region , once the capital and center of political power for the Tamil Tigers . The Tigers ran a parallel administration from Kilinochchi with their own police force , courts , prisons and taxes . But after Sri Lanka launched a new offensive against the rebels in the autumn , the insurgents moved their nerve center and logistics bases to Mullaitivu , on the northeastern coast . After hovering on the outskirts of Kilinochchi for more than a month , government troops retook the city . Rajapaksa declared it a "  victory against separatism " -- but violence soon followed .	Conflict between Tamil Tigers and government has lasted more than 25 years At least 65,000 killed , thousands homeless , 100,000-plus fled to south India Tigers have their roots in the earliest days of Sri Lanka 's independence in 1948 The group has demanded a separate Tamil state in northern and eastern Sri Lanka
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- As more people are getting sick from the H1N1 flu virus , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is reporting that the production of the H1N1 vaccine is slower than expected . CDC believes that up to 12 million fewer doses of H1N1 vaccine than expected will be available by month 's end . The CDC had hoped that about 40 million doses of H1N1 , or swine flu , vaccine would be available by the end of October . But due to manufacturing delays , "  we think at most it will be 10 to 12 million doses less , " said Dr. Anne Schuchat , CDC 's director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases . She told reporters Friday that manufacturers are making unprecedented amounts of vaccine , but difficulties growing the vaccine , as well as time-consuming potency and purity testing , are contributing to the delay . "  We are not cutting any corners in the safety of the production of the vaccine or the testing and oversight of the vaccine " Schuchat explained . As of Wednesday , 11.4 million doses of flu vaccine were available to be ordered and 8 million doses had been ordered by state health departments , the CDC said . Doctors , hospitals and clinics have to order the H1N1 vaccine through their state 's health department . Each state decides how to dole out the vaccine when it becomes available . Schuchat acknowledged that it can be frustrating for people searching for this vaccine now . Availability will be limited for the next week or two , she said . Georgia , for example , is going to get less than half of the amount of H1N1 vaccine that it was expecting to receive this month , state Public Health Commissioner Dr. Rhonda Medows said . In August the federal government told Georgia it would receive 2 million doses by the end of October , but this week officials learned they would receive only 912,000 doses by end of the month . A little more than half of the available doses are flu shots , she said , and the other doses are the nasal flu spray , which is approved only for healthy people between the ages of 2 and 49 . Pregnant women can not take the nasal vaccine . The nasal form first became available on October 5 and the first H1N1 flu shots started shipping this week . The CDC is not expecting widespread availability of the H1N1 vaccine until the end of this month or beginning of November , and "  we know it 's not enough , given the demand , " Schuchat said . The CDC also is reporting unprecedented flu activity for this time of the year , as flu illnesses , hospitalizations and deaths continue to increase . The amount of flu and pneumonia illness is above epidemic levels , Schuchat said . Watch Dr. Anne Schuchat discuss availability of H1N1 vaccine " She also said the number of children who had died from the H1N1 virus has risen to 86 , with 43 since August 30 . In a regular flu season , which lasts from September to May , 40 to 50 children usually succumb to flu . Nearly half of the children who died in the past month were between the ages of 12 and 17 , the CDC said . Children and young adults ranging in age from 6 months to 24 years are among those health officials say should be the first to get the H1N1 vaccine . Health care workers , pregnant women and people with underlying illness also should be among the first to get vaccine , they say .	CDC had hoped 40 million doses would be available by end of October CDC immunization chief : "  We think at most it will be 10 to 12 million doses less " 8 million doses had been ordered by states as of Wednesday , CDC says Dr. Anne Schuchat : 86 children have died from virus since August 30
CNN  -- A Democratic bill to overturn the Supreme Court 's Hobby Lobby decision , which allows some companies to refuse insurance coverage for contraceptives because of religious objections , failed to advance in the Senate on Wednesday . Nearly all Republicans voted against it . Democrats argued the ruling last month was deeply unfair to women and blasted Republicans for blocking the bill . Republicans defended the religious rights of private companies impacted by the decision . The issue has strong implications for the 2014 midterm elections as each party tries to attract more women voters .	Democrats sought to overturn a key Supreme Court ruling on health insurance Obamacare required certain companies to make birth control coverage available But the court ruled that those businesses with religious objections did n't have to comply Hobby Lobby was a large , private company that appealed to the Supreme Court
CNN  -- You know the old saying -- if a deal is too good to be true , then it probably is too good to be true . That 's what happened to a major retailer 's online shoppers Friday afternoon . Sears.com inadvertently advertised Apple 's 16GB iPad 2 for $ 69 , much less than the regular advertised price of $ 744.99 . That low price got the attention of web shoppers and the deal went viral on Twitter and other social media websites . Many people took advantage of the unbelievable deal , though a Sears spokesperson could n't give an exact number . Friday night , Sears posted a statement online telling customers the error was made by a third-party vendor and the deal will not be honored . "  We want you to know that , unfortunately , today one of the Marketplace third party sellers told us that they mistakenly posted incorrect pricing information on two Apple iPad models on the Marketplace portion of the website . If you purchased either of these products recently , your order has been cancelled and your account will be credited , " the statement said . Paula Knight of Riverview , Florida , was one of the disappointed customers . Her son has Asperger 's syndrome and relied heavily on his iPad for his schoolwork , until it was stolen a few months ago . So when Knight 's friends told her about the great deal on Sears.com , she said she jumped on it . Knight said immediately after she paid for the iPad , she received e-mail confirmations from both PayPal and Sears . About six hours later , Sears sent her an e-mail to tell her that her order was canceled because of the mistake . "  I shop online all the time and I 've never had anything like this happen , " Knight said . "  They want to blame a third party , but the order confirmation e-mail I got was from Sears . " "  They are a huge company I thought I could trust and rely on , " Knight said . "  But if they do n't honor this , I wo n't ever shop at Sears again . I just want my order honored . "	Sears website advertised 16GB iPad for $ 69 The retailer blames a third-party vendor for the mistake Sears says it will not honor the deal and will refund customers ' money
CNN  -- First-time Masters champion Bubba Watson admits he 's still learning to control his emotions after a miraculous win left him bawling on the green . "  I 'm just trying to figure out ways to calm down , to breathe differently to control me and keep me calm , " the American told CNN 's Shane O'Donoghue after Sunday 's dramatic playoff win at Augusta National . "  I 'm putting my head down between holes , not because I 'm mad or disappointed , it 's just because I 'm trying to stay focused . "  If the crowd 's cheering and I 'm looking at them and talking , then I get so pumped up . The ball could go anywhere because I 've got so much adrenalin pumping through my veins . " It was the first major tournament win for Gerry "  Bubba " Watson Jr. , who lost in a playoff at the PGA Championship in 2010 . He became the 14th different winner in the last 14 major tournaments . After a miraculous escape out of woods to the right of the 10th fairway on the second hole of the playoff against Louis Oosthuizen on Sunday , Watson burst into tears . It was an emotional moment for the 33-year-old , who just two weeks ago adopted a baby boy , Caleb , with his wife . Watson 's mother was the first person to greet him on the 10th hole , and he held her tight , crying on her shoulder . His father died right after Bubba played in the losing U.S. team at the 2010 Ryder Cup . Watson was more than 165 yards from the flag , his ball resting uncomfortably on pine needles following a wayward drive . But that did n't stop him hitting a hook shot 40 yards right , the ball rising 15 feet above the ground to sail through a small opening in the trees . The ball landed 10 feet from the hole , leaving Watson with two putts for the win after his South African opponent had bogeyed . The left-hander admitted relying heavily on his caddie for support during the astonishing shot . "  My caddie told me all the time , ` you 're a good golfer . You 're here for a reason . You can do this . You 've done this all before . You just have to do it at this moment . ' That 's the thing ; we 've all hit these shots , it 's just doing it at this moment . That 's the trick , " he said . Watson is now hoping the victory will pave the way for more major wins . "  As an athlete , as a golfer , this is the Mecca . This is what we strove for : to put on the green jackets , " he said . "  As of less than two years ago , I did n't have a win . Now I 've got four . My dream has always been to have 10 wins . " Oosthuizen , 29 , had rocketed into the lead when he holed his second shot at the par-five second hole for only the fourth albatross in the history of the Masters . However , in the end , the 2010 British Open champion was no match for Watson . "  That was my first double eagle  albatross  ever , and to do it in a spot like Augusta , that 's special , " he said . "  I felt it was tough over the next four or five holes , but then when we turned , I felt very relaxed . I made a few great saves . I probably did very well to get in the playoff . "	Masters champion Bubba Watson is learning to control emotions after crying during win First major tournament win for Watson , who lost in a playoff at the 2010 PGA Championship Emotional win comes just two weeks after adopting son Caleb Watson relies heavily on caddie for support during miraculous shot from woods onto green
CNN  -- The U.S. Department of Agriculture is considering sending federal veterinarians in Texas across the border into Mexico to inspect cattle , a practice that ended years ago over safety fears . Government workers have come out against the plan , confounded as to why they would be required to work in a Mexican state under a travel warning by the State Department because of carjackings and robberies . The USDA conducted a security assessment on the Mexican installation Friday , but have not made a final decision on whether to send veterinarians from the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service , or APHIS , to work there . The facility is located near the Colombia Solidarity Bridge , a rural international crossing near Laredo , Texas , that connects to the Mexican state of Nuevo Leon . Mexico accuses U.S. in border shooting According to its most recent travel warning , the State Department urges U.S. citizens to "  defer non-essential travel " to the Nuevo Leon , except for the major hub of Monterrey , which itself carries other warnings . The closest major city to the facility is Nuevo Laredo , Mexico , a place known for the drug cartel violence that has been recorded there . A lawyer for the government veterinarians along the border said the federal workers are unwilling to work there because of fears of being kidnapped or killed . "  Nobody is holding a gun to their head ... yet , " said Bill Hughes who represents the National Association of Federal Veterinarians , which opposes the plan . "  But USDA officials have told them in no uncertain terms that when they 're assigned there they better go or there are going be serious consequences to their careers , such as losing their jobs . " In response to Hughes ' claims , the USDA said it is not forcing employees into the assignment and that they will not send federal workers into an area not considered safe by the State Department . "  We are committed to making sure our employees fully understand the risks and are properly prepared to do their jobs , " the USDA said in a statement to CNN . "  APHIS and the U.S. Department of State are currently conducting a security assessment of a new inspection facility , and once the site assessment is complete , we will determine our next steps . " Until March 2010 , cattle inspections were routinely done in Mexico , but due to the rise in drug cartel violence along the border , U.S. authorities transferred inspections to U.S.-based facilities . During inspections veterinarians are tasked with clearing the cattle for fever ticks , hoof and mouth disease and other illnesses . "  The real question is , why would  the  USDA even be taking a chance ? How much risk is acceptable to place its civilian employees into for even the slight convenience of having the animals inspected in Mexico ? " Hughes said . Decision makers at USDA are not bad people , Hughes said , "  But they 're making a bad decision , or they 're being pressured to make a bad decision , even though they may deny it . And these folks down there on the border are saying , ` I 've been loyal to this agency , why are they doing this to me ? ' " Between 10,000 and 20,000 Mexican cattle are imported into the United States each month , according to the USDA . Program to allow Mexican trucks on U.S. roads off to slow start	The USDA is considering assigning veterinarians to inspect cattle in Mexico The practice was ended in 2010 due to safety fears Federal workers say they do n't want to do inspections in Mexico USDA says it has not made a decision yet
Let 's start with some statistics : Alaska has the highest rate of reported rape in the country at three times the national average . An estimated 59 % of adult women there suffer from sexual or intimate partner violence , according to a statewide survey published in 2010 . And 37 % suffer from sexual violence . There are many reasons why that 's the case , as I detailed in a recent series on rape in Alaska for CNN 's Change the List project . But here 's a factor I did n't really consider until readers brought it to my attention : Alaska does n't require sex education . Given the rates of violence , that 's puzzling and negligent -- especially since programs that teach kids about healthy relationships , child sex abuse and dating violence have been proved effective in evaluation studies . A bill proposed by Alaska Rep. Geran Tarr , a Democrat from Anchorage , would be a good place to start changing these policies . Called Erin 's Law , after an Illinois victim of child sexual abuse , and based on a national movement , the bill would require school districts in Alaska to teach warning signs for child sexual abuse . "  If we really want to change the outlook and the trajectory going ahead 10 , 20 , 30 years , we really need to be going in and working with the kids , " Tarr told me in a phone interview . Makes sense , right ? The state also should consider broader legislation to include requirements for students to learn about sex , dating violence and safe relationships . Sexual violence in some Alaska communities I visited is so common that it starts to be normalized . If young people grow up in a violent home , where women are valued less than men , then there 's little reason to expect them to break the cycle . "  It 's so normal to them , " one student in southwest Alaska told me . "  It could be their mother -- being ashamed  of being abused  -- and it 's so normal to you that you just become that . You because the abused or the abuser . It can go back and forth . " Teachers and schools can and should intervene . Some school districts in Alaska are doing a commendable job of bringing up these uncomfortable issues and preparing students to end the violence , but none of the programs is required . Alaska is part of a relatively small minority of states that does not require school districts to teach a form of sex or health education , said Megan Comlossy , a policy expert at the National Conference of State Legislatures . State statutes say "  each district in the state public school system shall be encouraged  emphasis mine  to initiate and conduct a program in health education for kindergarten through grade 12 ... " Encouraged but not required . School districts decide individually if and how they want to teach these sensitive subjects . Many do n't . One effective program , called "  The Fourth R " for "  relationships , " encourages students to participate in role-playing exercises and other forms of learning . The program , which was developed in Canada and includes about 20 lessons , has been shown to lead to "  reductions in dating violence " and "  significantly fewer violent acts towards peers , " said Patricia Owen , an education specialist at the Alaska Department of Education & Early Development . But only 22.2 % of schools in Alaska are using the voluntary program , said Lauree Morton , director of the Alaska Council on Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault . That 's up from 9.7 % in 2011 , but it 's still not enough . A federal grant helps pay for the program , Owen said . The Anchorage school district teaches sex education and healthy relationships , and some school districts , such as one in Kenai , have developed curriculum in collaboration with local women 's rights advocates , according to Morton . There are also encouraging programs such as Teens Acting Against Violence in Bethel . It 's an afterschool program to help young people connect with traditional culture and learn how to lead healthy and violence-free lives . I met some students in that program on my trip to the state in December , and they raved about its impact . Most kids in that town are n't in the TAAV program , though . It 's Morton 's view that Alaska 's school districts should choose to teach these programs -- because they will be implemented more powerfully and wholeheartedly if they do . She wants to see this info taught , but she wants it to be voluntary . Maybe there 's something about Alaska 's pioneer spirit that compels this opt-in approach . But it 's clear rates of violence remain unacceptably high under the voluntary system . Perhaps change should come in the form of a mandate that all school districts in Alaska teach about sex abuse and healthy relationships . Tarr 's bill would be a good start . Or maybe there are other incentive structures to convince more schools that health and sex education are n't just optional , they 're essential . I asked some students who participate in the TAAV program in Bethel what they thought should be done to curb the state 's high rates of violence against women . The answer was obvious to them . "  People need to know about it , " one person said . And another : "  Realize it 's there . " I hope the legislature will uncover its ears .	Alaska does not require school districts to teach sex ed John Sutter : Given high rates of violence against women , it should Sutter says the some districts implement progress curriculum , but many do n't One effective program is only used by 22.2 % of schools , for example
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Hezbollah 's chief on Monday announced the group 's new "  manifesto , " which calls on all countries to "  liberate Jerusalem " and declares the United States a threat to the world . "  American terrorism is the source of every terrorism in the world , " Hassan Nasrallah said in a televised speech from an undisclosed location . It was his first address since a unity government formed in Lebanon this month , ending a crisis that had left the country with no government since June 's parliamentary elections . Hezbollah , a political party in Lebanon , is listed as a terrorist organization by the United States and Israel . Nasrallah does not appear in public amid concerns for his safety . "  We invite and call on all Arabs and Muslims and all countries keen on peace and stability in the world to intensify efforts and resources to liberate Jerusalem from Zionist occupation and to maintain its true identity and its Islamic and Christian sanctities , " Nasrallah said . Hezbollah has claimed responsibility for numerous terrorist attacks . It has been linked to attacks against against American , Israeli and other Western targets . In his remarks , which included about 80 minutes of reading the manifesto followed by answering questions from reporters , Nasrallah sought to reject the "  terrorist " label , repeatedly saying Hezbollah is a "  resistance " force . "  The U.S. administration under President George W. Bush equated the concepts of terrorism and resistance to deny the right of resistance for the people , " he argued . He praised Iran and Syria , which are Hezbollah 's chief backers . "  Iran plays a central role in the Muslim world " and "  stood with courage and determination with Arab and Islamic issues , especially the Palestinian issue , " Nasrallah said . "  Damascus stood with and supported the resistance 's movements in the conflict . We emphasize the need to adhere to the distinguished relations between Lebanon and Syria , " he added . A battle to end Syria 's occupation of Lebanon led to protests and confrontations in the streets in 2005 , which was labeled the Cedar Revolution . Syria eventually withdrew its troops from the country . In his "  manifesto " Monday , Nasrallah also touched on domestic issues . "  We want a government that works for its citizens and provides the appropriate services in their education and medical care and housing to secure a decent life and to address the problem of poverty and provide employment opportunities , " Nasrallah said . "  We want a government that works to strengthen the role of women in society and enhance their participation in all fields , " he added . Nasrallah also called for Palestinians in Lebanon to "  be given basic human rights which at the same time protect their identity and their cause . " Under Lebanese law , Palestinian refugees have no social and civil rights , limited access to public health or educational facilities , and no access to public social services , according to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency . "  The majority rely entirely on UNRWA as the sole provider of education , health and relief and social services , " the agency says on its Web site . "  Considered as foreigners , Palestine refugees are prohibited by law from working in more than 70 trades and professions . This has led to a very high rate of unemployment amongst the refugee population . " More than 422,000 Palestinian refugees are registered with the agency in Lebanon , the group says .	"  American terrorism is the source of every terrorism , " Hezbollah chief says Hassan Nasrallah unveils group 's new "  manifesto " "  All countries keen on peace " should help "  liberate Jerusalem , " Nasrallah says U.S. , Israel list Hezbollah as a terrorist organization
CNN  -- It boasts some of the world 's most celebrated works of art : Michelangelo 's frescoes depicting the creation of man and a severe God at the Last Judgment . But on Sunday , Pope Francis told mothers not to feel intimidated by the splendid surroundings of the Sistine Chapel as he baptized 32 sometimes wailing babies . At the yearly event , Francis , who has become known for the more simple style he has introduced in the Vatican , offered a brief homily centered on the infants . "  Today the choir sings but the most beautiful choir is of children , " he said . "  Some are crying , because they are uncomfortable , or because they are hungry . If they are hungry , mothers , give them something to eat . ... They are the central figures , the protagonists . " Formally welcoming the children as members of the Catholic Church , the pontiff poured water from a shell-shaped dish over the heads of the babies , dressed in white satin or silk gowns . In the same chapel last March , he was elected as the first Latin American pope . He has since made headlines for embracing a humble way of life . Also on Sunday , Pope Francis named 19 new cardinals from Africa , Latin America , Asia and elsewhere during his weekly address to worshipers gathered in St. Peter 's Square . Sixteen of the new appointees , who will be instated next month , are under the age of 80 , making them eligible to enter a conclave to elect the Pope 's successor . The pontiff also said three archbishops emeriti , over the age of 80 , will join the College of Cardinals . CNN 's Lindsay Isaac and Hadia Messia contributed to this report .	Pope Francis baptizes 32 babies in Sistine chapel on Sunday Pope tells mothers to feed crying babies during the ceremony if they want 19 new cardinals from around the world named Sunday Pope , elected last March , is known for embracing humble way of life
CNN  -- If you believe the cover of The New Yorker magazine , Bert and Ernie may be ready to come out . The cover , titled "  Moment of Joy , " shows the Sesame Street pair cuddling as they watch a television set featuring members of the United States Supreme Court . The suggestion is that the characters were happily celebrating the recent SCOTUS rulings on gay marriage . There has been plenty of speculation about Bert and Ernie over the years , which intensified after a tweet from the Sesame Street account which quoted Bernie talking about his mohawk hair cut that some took to be a hint to the character 's sexuality . The tweet read : "  Bert : Ever notice how similar my hair is to Mr. T 's ? The only difference is mine is a little more ` mo , ' a little less ` hawk . ' " When a petition was circulated in 2011 urging the pair to marry , Sesame Street Workshop posted a statement on their Facebook page insisting that the characters were just "  best friends . " "  Even though they are identified as male characters and possess many human traits and characteristics  as most Sesame Street Muppetsâ „ cents do  , they remain puppets , and do not have a sexual orientation , " the statement said . The New Yorker posted on its site that the image was created by artist Jack Hunter who said he had originally submitted the picture to a Tumblr . "  It 's amazing to witness how attitudes on gay rights have evolved in my lifetime , " the magazine 's website quotes Hunter as saying . "  This is great for our kids , a moment we can all celebrate . "	There has long been speculation about Bert and Ernie 's relationship A petition was circulated in 2011 urging them to marry Sesame Street has said they have no sexuality
The Frisky  -- Breaking the hearts of "  Transformers " - loving men everywhere , Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green tied the knot at the Four Seasons in Hawaii last weekend . During their first engagement , Green had said , "  Originally we were talking elopement and now we might have a few people there . " I understand that celebrities want to keep everything under wraps so they do n't have to deal with paparazzi helicopters drowning out their vows , but come on -- give us a little something . The Frisky : 10 stars who  maybe  have secret babies Alanis Morissette got secretly married to rapper Souleye in May in an intimate ceremony at their shared home . And it was another two weeks before anyone heard about it ! Gisele Bündchen and Tom Brady got married in a tiny ceremony in Santa Monica . Apparently , Gisele and her three dogs were all wearing Dolce & Gabbana and the ceremony was so secretive that the guests did n't know it was a wedding -- many of them thought it was a christening ! I wonder if Tom 's ex , Bridget Moynahan , was under that impression when she arrived with Brady 's son , John Edward Thomas Moynahan ? The Frisky : Angelina Jolie says "  yes " daughter Shiloh wants to be a boy Jason Lee keeps breaking my heart -- first with the Scientology , and then with marriage ! In July 2008 , the actor married Ceren Alkac in a secret wedding , which was followed a month later by their less-secret baby daughter . It was kind of cute when Mandy Moore and Ryan Adams got married in Savannah , Georgia . The couple broke up briefly after Adams said he could n't deal with the cameras , but I guess they compromised by dropping off the radar . Moore said of her hubby , "  He 's a good egg . I 'm in awe of him : his brain , his passion . He 's truly one of a kind . The Frisky : Stars who ended their relationships to chase fame "  Iron Man " co-star Terrence Howard was quietly married to Michelle Ghent-Howard last January but did n't spill the beans until the Cannes Film Festival , when he said , "  To come here and be with my wife , it 's the best feeling in the world . " And everyone was all , "  Your what ? " The actor was married to his ex-wife for 13 years and has three children . He was at the festival promoting "  Winnie , " the biopic of Nelson Mandela 's wife , in which he stars opposite Jennifer Hudson . In 2008 , Jessica Alba and Cash Warren managed to have a hush-hush marriage in the Beverly Hills courthouse . There were no guests at the wedding aside from the courthouse staff that filed their marriage license paperwork . In fact , Alba 's brother did n't find out until Us Weekly called him for comment . The Frisky : 8 celebrity guys describe their dream woman Renee Zellweger and Kenny Chesney surprised a lot of people when they got married in 2005 . The secret wedding took place on a hilltop on St. John in the Virgin Islands with 35 guests , four months after meeting each other . Unfortunately , they got divorced about a year later . It took six months for Beyoncé to even talk about her secret wedding to Jay-Z . She told "  Essence " magazine that people put "  too much emphasis " on engagement rings , adding , "  It 's just material and it 's just silly to me . " The couple got matching ring finger tattoos of the Roman numeral IV , for both of their birthdays and their wedding day was on the 4th of a month , and Beyoncé had a $ 5 million 18-carat diamond wedding ring to put over hers . The wedding was small and intimate , Beyoncé said because , "  It 's been my day so many days already . " The Frisky : 10 famous men stayed with their mistresses Scarlett Johansson and Ryan Reynolds married in 2008 in a "  very remote part of Canada . " Scarlett said , "  Where we got married there were bears and whales and eagles ... I never thought that I 'd be planning my wedding in a dark alley somewhere , but it turned out that way . It was really quite secretive and I felt like I was doing a drug deal without all the fun . " I 'm still not sure what the point of being a super attractive couple is if you never ever get photographed together . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green tied the knot at the Four Seasons in Hawaii last weekend Scarlett Johansson and Ryan Reynolds married in 2008 in a "  very remote part of Canada " It took six months for Beyoncé to even talk about her secret wedding to Jay-Z
CNN  -- North Korea stated its commitment to lasting peace and a nuclear-free Korean peninsula in an editorial published on New Year 's Day , state-run media reported . "  The Workers ' Party of Korea and the government ... will strive to develop relations of good-neighborliness and friendship with other countries and achieve global independence under the unfurled banner of independence , peace and friendship , " KCNA reported . The editorial may be a hopeful sign as the international community tries to coax Pyongyang back to six-party negotiations aimed at ending its nuclear program . North Korea has refused to return to the talks conducted by the United States , Russia , China , South Korea and Japan , insisting that it wants to talk directly with the U.S. government . In April , Pyongyang declared the talks "  dead " in anger over international criticism of its nuclear and missile tests last year . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton previously said the United States was willing to meet bilaterally with North Korea but only within the framework of the six-party talks . She also has warned that the United States will not normalize ties with Pyongyang or lift sanctions unless North Korea takes irreversible steps toward dismantling its nuclear program . "  The fundamental task for ensuring peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula and in the rest of Asia is to put an end to the hostile relationship between  North Korea  and the U.S.A. , " Friday 's editorial said . "  It is the consistent stand of  North Korea  to establish a lasting peace system on the Korean Peninsula and make it nuclear-free through dialogue and negotiations . " Some analysts have said that North Korea might be trying to buy time with its new outreach to the United States . Recent reports in Seoul , South Korea , have claimed North Korea is in the final stages of restoring its Yongbyon nuclear plant , which Pyongyang had begun to disable before walking away from the six-party talks . Given the secrecy of the North , those reports could not be verified . Analysts said North Korea is also desperate to break out of its diplomatic isolation and ease its economic pain , especially after the U.N. Security Council imposed tougher sanctions on the country in response to Pyongyang 's nuclear and missile tests during 2009 .	Some analysts say North Korea might be trying to buy time with new outreach Analysts say North Korea also desperate to break out of diplomatic isolation Pyongyang had declared six-party talks "  dead " in April
CNN  -- Judging by the dust on the label , the bottle has n't been handled for years , yet it feels warm to touch . Perhaps that 's because it 's part of a wine collection that I 'm told belongs to Russian President Vladimir Putin and my palms are perspiring . Turning slowly , I half expect to be confronted by a bare-chested man in a judo stance , demanding to know what I 'm doing with his vino . I 'm imagining things , of course . Putin has more pressing matters to attend to than skulking around in catacombs in Moldova . I 'm in the state-owned Cricova wine cellar , deep beneath the hills outside Chisinau , the capital . My paranoia is n't quite as foolish as it sounds -- Putin reportedly celebrated his 50th birthday right here . Moldova , Europe 's least-visited country , is separated from Russia by Ukraine -- although since the recent annexation of the Crimea , it feels a lot closer . It certainly holds this complex little country 's fortunes in its hand . Last year , when Russia ceased importing Moldovan wine because it said trace contaminants had been discovered , some said the move was really an expression of displeasure at European Union expansion . Wine is everything here . The countryside is covered by vineyards and Moldova produces some of the world 's best wines , although you would n't know it looking at stockists in many parts of the planet . Britain 's Queen Victoria was a fan , partial to a bottle of Negru de Purcari . Limestone labyrinth The limestone labyrinth I 'm standing in is one of the planet 's biggest cellars . Cricova 's tunnels are vast wine-filled wormholes that extend for anywhere between 60 and 120 kilometers  37 and 74 miles  , depending on who you believe . They 're so huge I 'm exploring them in a van . Oceans of splendid sparkling white are made in this subterranean wine city using Dom Pierre Perignon 's celebrated Methode Champenoise , and conditions are perfect for storing all varietals . Putin is n't the only person to have a private stash here . I spy a collection labeled as belonging to German Chancellor Angela Merkel . There 's also a priceless group of bottles accumulated by Hermann Goring , including a 1902 Jewish dessert wine . The Nazi commander 's ill-gotten hoard was liberated by the Red Army at the end of World War II and brought here . Moldova sees only a few thousand visitors annually , with Cricova among popular destinations . There have been some illustrious guests -- including Soviet cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin , whose sampling tour reputedly lasted two days . Tourism clearly does n't keep the country afloat , but wine sales do , which is why the Russian embargo causes such concern . Moldova might be commercially dependent on Russia , but culturally the country looks west , to Romania . Romania and Moldova were unified for several decades in the first half of the 20th century and share a common language . Moscow opposes a reunion , however , preferring to keep a meek and weak Moldova on its doorstep than have to contend with a bigger , emboldened Romania with close ties to the European Union . Cultural and political arm wrestling On my next stop -- Transnistria , to Moldova 's east , sandwiched between the Dniester River and the Ukraine border -- this complicated cultural and political arm wrestle gets even stickier . Border crossings are rarely fun , but the uniformed individual in the bleak hut straddling the line between Moldova and Transnistria takes officiousness to a new level . Finally , though , he stamps my form and I 'm in . Exactly where I have got "  in " to , however , is a point of contention . Transnistria is a nation in its own eyes only -- no other country officially recognizes it . For all its solemn theatrics , the grilling I 've just experienced was geopolitically meaningless and I 'm still in Moldova . Culturally , though , everything has changed ; I 've crossed a line from a Latin-leaning land onto Slavic soil . Many Transnistrians speak Russian and look more toward Moscow than Chisinau . Now that parts of Ukraine have voted to cede to Russian control , people are pondering the possibility that Transnistria might be next on Putin 's wish list . Transnistria : Country roads The territory has a defiantly independent attitude . It has its own army and a currency you 'd be pushed to spend anywhere else on the planet . The local soccer team , F.C. Sheriff Tiraspol  started by a KGB agent and sponsored by a supermarket  regards itself as the national squad . Given the Monty Python-esque posturing at the border , it should n't have been a surprise when , at the Tighina Fortress in Bender , on the banks of the Dniester River , I come face to face with Baron Munchhausen . The Baron -- a German nobleman in real life , who became a captain in the Russian army -- was famous for his tall tales long before ex-Python-turned-director Terry Gilliam immortalized him on film in 1988 . A renowned raconteur , Munchhausen once claimed to have flown over Tighina riding a cannonball during a battle with the Turks . In a monumental salute to his overactive imagination , he has been cast in statue form just outside the fortress walls next to the saddled projectile he supposedly rode . Less amusingly , the fortress also features a hideous torture chamber whose thick walls must have absorbed the screams of many unfortunates as control of the 15th-century fortress bounced back and forth between the Russian and Ottoman empires . I 'm glad to escape and thankful for the fresh air as we drive back across the Dniester and through the bucolic countryside that sprawls across Moldova and Transnistria , where people still live the kind of rural life that 's mostly extinct elsewhere in Europe . Wine-making monks We pull up outside Noul Neamt , a monastery that was shut down by the Soviets in 1962 and transformed into a hospital . The monks moved back in shortly before Moldova became independent in 1991 and , in between prayers , they 've been busy producing barrels of wine ever since . Here , from the top of the region 's highest bell tower , I get an eyeful of the surrounding farmland , where donkeys pull cartloads of fresh vegetables past vineyards , and people congregate around wells at crossroads . I 'm shown around by a charismatic monk called Alexi . He tells me how the Soviets cut the bell ropes in the tower , but when they tried to pull down one of the crucifixes with a tractor , it fell and killed the driver , so they left the rest standing . My tour finishes in the wine cellar , where we sample a glass of red straight from the barrel . Transnistria , though , is more famous for its fabulously smooth brandy , made in the regional capital by the Tiraspol Winery and Distillery , otherwise known as KVINT . In Tiraspol , I combine a shopping quest to acquire a bottle of brandy with some urban exploration and discover a highly eccentric city with a distinctly Soviet aura . Uniformed guards rebuke me for photographing official buildings . In the absence of playgrounds , kids climb on decommissioned Russian battle tanks ceremoniously parked in public spaces . Clutching my KVINT I stand in the street , under the stern gaze of one of several statues of Lenin . I stare straight back . This bottle , unlike the ones in Putin 's rack , is mine -- bought and paid for . Pat Kinsella is a writer , photographer and editor who specializes in adventures on the darkside . He tweets at @paddy_kinsella	Moldova 's state-owned Cricova wine cellar houses private collections belonging to prominent figures Cricova 's tunnels are vast , wine-filled wormholes that extend between 60 and 120 kilometers People in the breakaway region of Transnistria look toward Russia while Moldovans typically lean toward Romania
Observers around the world are stunned by the speed and scope of this week 's assaults on every major city in the upper Tigris River Valley -- including Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city -- by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , or ISIS . But they should n't be . The collapse of the Iraqi government 's troops in Mosul and other northern cities in the face of Sunni militant resistance has been the predictable culmination of a long deterioration , brought on by the government 's politicization of its security forces . The politicization of the Iraqi military For more than five years , Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki and his ministers have presided over the packing of the Iraqi military and police with Shiite loyalists -- in both the general officer ranks and the rank and file -- while sidelining many effective commanders who led Iraqi troops in the battlefield gains of 2007-2010 , a period during which al Qaeda in Iraq  the forerunner of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  was brought to the brink of extinction . Al-Maliki 's "  Shiafication " of the Iraqi security forces has been less about the security of Iraq than the security of Baghdad and his regime . Even before the end of the U.S.-led "  surge " in 2008 , al-Maliki began a concerted effort to replace effective Sunni and Kurdish commanders and intelligence officers in the key mixed-sect areas of Baghdad , Diyala and Salaheddin provinces to ensure that Iraqi units focused on fighting Sunni insurgents while leaving loyal Shiite militias alone -- and to alleviate al-Maliki 's irrational fears of a military coup against his government . In 2008 , al-Maliki began replacing effective Kurdish commanders and soldiers in Mosul and Tal Afar with Shiite loyalists from Baghdad and the Prime Minister 's Dawa Party , and even Shiite militia members from the south . A number of nonloyalist commanders were forced to resign in the face of trumped up charges or reassigned to desk jobs and replaced with al-Maliki loyalists . The moves were made to marginalize Sunnis and Kurds in the north and entrench al-Maliki 's regime and the Dawa Party ahead of provincial and national elections in 2009 , 2010 and 2013 . The dismantling of the ` Awakening ' It 's no accident that there exists today virtually no Sunni popular resistance to ISIS , but rather the result of a conscious al-Maliki government policy to marginalize the Sunni tribal "  Awakening " that deployed more than 90,000 Sunni fighters against al Qaeda in 2007-2008 . These 90,000 "  Sons of Iraq " made a significant contribution to the reported 90 % drop in sectarian violence in 2007-2008 , assisting the Iraqi security forces and the United States in securing territory from Mosul to the Sunni enclaves of Baghdad and the surrounding Baghdad "  belts . " As the situation stabilized , the Iraqi government agreed to a plan to integrate vetted Sunni members of the Sons of Iraq into the Iraqi army and police to make those forces more representative of the overall Iraqi population . But this integration never happened . Al-Maliki was comfortable touting his support for the Sons of Iraq in non-Shiite areas such as Anbar and Nineveh provinces , but he refused to absorb Sunnis into the ranks of the security forces along Shiite-Sunni fault lines in central Iraq . In areas with  or near  Shiite populations , al-Maliki saw the U.S.-backed Sons of Iraq as a threat , and he systematically set out to dismantle the program over the next four years . As this process played out , we saw its effects firsthand in our interactions with Iraqi government officials and tribal leaders in Baghdad , where it was clear the Sons of Iraq were under increasing pressure from both the government and al Qaeda . By 2013 , the Sons of Iraq were virtually nonexistent , with thousands of their sidelined former members either neutral or aligned with the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria in its war against the Iraqi government . The disappearance of the Sons of Iraq meant that few Sunnis in western and northern Iraq had a stake in the defense of their own communities . The vast system of security forces and Sunni tribal auxiliaries that had made the Sunni provinces of Iraq hostile territory for al Qaeda was dismantled . The militant gains in Mosul and other cities of the north and Anbar are the direct result of the removal of the Iraqi security forces commanders and local Sons of Iraq leaders who had turned the tide against al Qaeda in 2007-2008 . Those commanders who had a reason to secure and hold territory in the north were replaced with al-Maliki loyalists from Baghdad who , when the bullets began to fly , had no interest in dying for Sunni and Kurdish territory . And when the commanders left the battlefield this week , their troops melted away as well . What can be done ? The problem will only get worse in the coming months . Now that the Iraqi government 's weakness in Sunni territories has been exposed , other Sunni extremist groups are joining forces with the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria to exploit the opening . The Baathist-affiliated Naqshbandi Army and the Salafist Ansar al-Sunna Army are reportedly taking part in the offensive as well , and they are drawing support from a Sunni population that believes itself persecuted and disenfranchised by al-Maliki 's government and threatened by Shiite militias that are his political allies . For six months , Shiite militants have been allowed or encouraged by the government to conduct sectarian cleansing in mixed areas around Baghdad , particularly in Diyala province between Baghdad and the Iranian border . These events contributed to the motivation of Sunnis who have taken up arms or acquiesced in the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria 's offensive . Even as the ISIS tide rolls southward down the Tigris , there is probably little danger of Baghdad and other Shiite areas falling into Sunni insurgent hands . The Shiite troops unwilling to fight to hold onto Mosul will be far more motivated to fight to protect Shiite territories in central and southern Iraq and to defend the sectarian fault line . This is their home territory , where they have the advantage of local knowledge , and where they have successfully fought the Sunni insurgency for years . In the north , however , al-Maliki now has two military options . He can reconsolidate his shattered forces along sectarian fault lines to defend Shiite territories in central Iraq , ceding Sunni areas to the insurgency , or he can regroup his security forces at their bases north of Baghdad and mount expeditions to conduct "  cordon and search " operations in Sunni areas lost to the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria . If al-Maliki chooses to regroup and move on Sunni population centers controlled by the ISIS , we are likely to see Shiite troops unfamiliar with Sunni neighborhoods employing heavy-handed tactics , bluntly targeting Sunni military-age males  12-60  not affiliated with the insurgency and further inflaming sectarian tensions as they do so -- reminiscent of the situation in many parts of Iraq in 2005-2006 . The problem at its core is not just a matter of security , but politics . The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and its allies would not have had the opportunity to seize ground in the Sunni Arab-dominated provinces of Salaheddin , Nineveh and Anbar if there had been more inclusive and sincere political outreach to the mainstream Sunni Arab community . In the end , the solution to the ISIS threat is a fundamental change in Iraq 's political discourse , which has become dominated by one sect and one man , and the inclusion of mainstream Sunni Arabs and Kurds as full partners in the state . If al-Maliki truly wishes to restore government control to the Sunni provinces , he must reach out to Sunni and Kurdish leaders and ask for their help , and he must re-enlist former Sons of Iraq leaders , purged military commanders and Kurdish Peshmerga to help regain the territory they once helped the Iraqi government defend . But these are steps a-Maliki has shown himself unwilling and unlikely to take . At this point , al-Maliki does not have what it takes to address Iraq 's problem -- because he is the problem .	Writers : Troop collapse in Mosul predictable since Iraq 's politicization of security forces Prime Minister marginalized Sunnis , Kurds , replaced them with Shiite loyalists , they say Writers : He 's dismantled Sunni "  Awakening " forces that helped rout al Qaeda in Iraq Nuri al-Maliki should seek security forces he 's shunned , but he 's unlikely to , they say
Washington  CNN  -- You may drive a hybrid car , eat organic food , use "  green " beauty products and design your home according to the latest environmentally friendly standards . But if you have n't considered "  greening your love life , you are still a total environmental disaster , " according to Stefanie Iris Weiss , author of the recently released book , "  Eco-Sex . " How should it work ? Should you envision melting glaciers during a romantic dinner with your significant other ? Well , not quite . It could be as simple as where you choose to go on a date . "  How about going to a restaurant where you can eat a seductive menu based on organic , local food , which has produced less carbon dioxide before it ends up on your plate ? " Weiss suggested . She is hoping to steer people away from "  dirty " sex toward eco-sex . That means : • Hop on your bike for your next date and leave your car at home .  That means saying "  adieu " to long-distance relationships . • Stop excessive spending on Valentine 's Day .  It produces way too much trash anyway . • Wear comfy bamboo underwear . • Do n't be so keen on having babies . How about adopting a child instead or implementing a one-child policy ? Weiss ' theory is not entirely new . Greenpeace published a guide to "  environmentally friendly sex " in 2002 , which includes "  switching off the lights during romance " or "  if you want to see your partner , have sex during the day . " But Weiss goes further : She covers everything from your first date to raising your kids "  green . " She also suggests keeping the environment in mind when your sex drive is fading . Viagra , she says , is overrated . "  People should eat oysters as an aphrodisiac instead , " Weiss says . "  They are a full of zinc , a precursor of testosterone . Casanova himself was known to eat them in great quantities before sex . " On the streets of Washington , the idea of an eco-friendly love life is met with laughter . "  How green is my love life ? Are you serious ? Do n't be absurd ! " were the most common reactions from people on the street . But the concept is in full display at a local sex shop . "  We sell organic oils , edible underwear and toys that are completely recyclable , " says Luis Cadillos , a salesman at Georgetown 's "  Pleasure Place . " "  The problem is our customers are embarrassed to dispose their toys properly . " He says he thinks promoting an eco-friendly sex life could be "  big business . " "  We should have an extra shelf for our green-conscious customers , " Cadillos suggests . His colleague , Paula Kov , is less enthusiastic about the idea . "  I try to live environmentally friendly , but it goes way over the top to think about -LSB- carbon dioxide reduction -RSB- in my love life , " she says . Climate activist Mike Tidwell disagrees . "  I never thought about how green my love life is . But in fact this is about reducing our extensive consumption and that should concern every part of our life , " he says . Tidwell , who is the director of Chesapeake Climate Action Network in Washington , decided long ago to have only one child . "  But I am glad the book does n't prohibit making love outdoors , " Tidwell joked . "  That produces zero carbon dioxide . " It 's clear in Weiss ' 200-page book that she is using sex to promote a completely green lifestyle . But is that such a bad thing ? "  With sex anything sells . Even the environment , " Weiss says . She says she is hoping that , in the midst of the global climate crisis debate , her book "  may finally approach those green-grumps , who do n't know the basics about living an environmentally friendly life . " That does n't seem likely after reading conservative blogger William Teach 's post on her book : "  I actually hope the climate alarmists , consisting of mostly liberals , take her advice on how to have eco-friendly sex without getting pregnant , " Teach posted on rightwingnews.com . "  The world could use a whole lot less unhinged liberals taught by their unhinged liberal parents . " John Bargh , who teaches psychology at Yale University , sees a different problem with the eco-sex theory . Thinking about the environmental impact of your love life , he says , goes against human nature . "  Human beings are irrational , " he says . "  We make decisions based on our desire , especially when it comes to love . "	Author Stefanie Iris Weiss wants you to make your love life green She says couples should go for a bike ride and leave their car at home She suggests older men eat oysters instead of taking Viagra
Washington  CNN  -- A single leaked document has opened a political Pandora 's box over intelligence-gathering in the post 9/11 United States , raising questions about what is being done and how the public perceives it almost 12 years after the terrorist attacks that traumatized the nation . This week 's disclosure of classified government programs to collect information on phone calls , e-mails and Internet use for national security reasons quickly dominated headlines , forcing President Barack Obama to reassure Americans on Friday that "  nobody is listening to your telephone calls . " His first public comments on the secret programs revealed by the Guardian and Washington Post touched on a litany of politically volatile issues that have come to shape the Obama presidency early in its second term . In particular , the president who campaigned in 2007 by criticizing what he called his predecessor 's claim of a "  false choice " between civil liberties and national security following the September 11 , 2001 , al Qaeda attacks now argues that such a choice was inevitable . "  You ca n't have 100 % security and also then have 100 % privacy and zero inconvenience , " Obama said . "  We 're going to have to make some choices as a society . " The swing in perspective reflects how the United States has changed since 9/11 , when the attacks on New York and Washington that killed almost 3,000 people traumatized a nation where many believed global terror could n't threaten the homeland . How does it affect me ? Ensuing security efforts by President George W. Bush 's administration included the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq as well as tougher policies such as torturing suspects . In the anti-terrorism fervor of the nation , Congress easily passed the Patriot Act sought by the Bush administration in 2001 to expand domestic spying despite opposition by civil liberties groups . Some provisions of the Patriot Act were ruled unconstitutional and Congress reauthorized a modified version five years later . Obama , then a first-term senator from Illinois , voted for the revised measure after taking part in mostly unsuccessful efforts to further strengthen civil liberties provisions . As president in 2011 , Obama signed another reauthorization of some Patriot Act provisions that allow the clandestine operations made public this week . On Friday , the president argued that while classified , the programs were known to Congress and contained effective oversight from legislators and federal courts . He rejected criticism from both the far left and far right of the political spectrum that the data mining of phone records and monitoring of foreign e-mail and Internet use overstepped constitutional bounds , but welcomed renewed public debate on the shadowy issue . Damage assessment over U.S. intelligence-gathering leaks "  In the abstract , you can complain about Big Brother or how this is a potential program run amok , but when you actually look at the details , then I think we 've struck the right balance , " Obama concluded . Leaders of intelligence committees in the House and Senate have publicly backed the secret programs , saying they helped authorities prevent terrorist attacks . Others in Congress argued the secret information-gathering goes too far . "  I think that we 've overreached , " Sen. Mark Udall , a Colorado Democrat who has long pushed for greater transparency in the government 's counter-terror efforts , told CNN . "  I think that we ought to have this discussion and we can find the right balance . But if the people do n't know , how do you have the discussion ? " Jameel Jaffer , deputy legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union , also said people have to know what liberties are at stake before they can effectively debate whether the government programs are right or wrong . Privacy 's already dead "  At some point we have to ask that question , what are you willing to give up ? " Jaffer told CNN . "  Before you ask it , you have to have some information about what is being given up . Too much of it is secret . " A leaked court order published by the Guardian on Wednesday shed the first light on the extent of the government monitoring of information . Subsequent revelations confirmed by the government disclosed U.S. intelligence agencies are collecting details on telephone calls and monitoring the online activities of at least some overseas customers of Google , Microsoft , Yahoo , Apple and other providers of popular online services . Udall and fellow Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon warned last year that the American public "  would be stunned to learn the details " of how the government was interpreting the Patriot Act . "  As we see it , there is now a significant gap between what most Americans think the law allows and what the government secretly claims the law allows , " they wrote in a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder . To Darrell West , vice president and director of governance studies at the Brookings Institution , the issue touches on shifts in the terrorism threat as well as how to protect against it . A rise in homegrown terrorism and the corresponding need to look internally for possible threats is "  how post 9/11 America has changed , " West told CNN on Friday . In the aftermath of the 9/11attacks , "  people favored the Patriot Act because it was going to be directed against terrorists , " he said . "  It used to be us versus them , but those distinctions have broken down . If you want to target terrorists , there are going to be some Americans in that category . " To handle what he called a "  horrible communications challenge " in response to the firestorm created by this week 's revelations , West said the Obama administration needs to explain the difference between outright spying such as listening in on phone calls and the more general data mining of the newly disclosed programs . "  Basically everyone 's doing that these days , both in government and business , " he said of data mining , which essentially is how Facebook tailors advertisements to specific patterns of activity by its members . However , a lack of clarity in rules and regulations under the Patriot Act magnifies the problem , according to West . For example , he noted that that overseas phone calls from the United States can be subject to greater scrutiny than domestic calls . Internet laughs about being spied on "  It 's actually easy for people to be paranoid , because in some cases there are greater protections , but in other areas there are fewer or no protections , " West said . Another change has been the revolution in social media on the Internet , with people now able to communicate around the world instantly and for free . Wendy Schiller , a political science professor at Brown University , said the technology advance means a younger generation that is much more experienced and comfortable with publicly sharing details of their lives and also more aware of the threat of terrorism . "  They 've lived their whole lives on the Internet ; everything they are is public , " Schiller told CNN on Friday . At the same time , she said , "  growing up with sort of the threat of random terrorism has created a nation that is more frightened than it used to be and more willing to let the government do what it needs to go to keep them safe . " As a result , Schiller said , the Obama administration has to demonstrate it will follow the law in using information collected in order to generate public support for letting it have that information . "  When it fails , people are less willing to allow you to invade their privacy , " she said . For that reason , this week 's disclosures pose a problem for Obama at a time when the Internal Revenue Service has been cited for targeting conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status for extra scrutiny . Opinion : The great privacy debate Republican opponents seeking to depict a government gone wild lump together the IRS controversy , the Justice Department 's secret subpoenas for journalist phone records and the newly revealed classified programs to attack the president . "  This is an all-out assault on the Constitution , " GOP Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky said Friday in a statement that noted Obama formerly fought to protect civil liberties when he was in the Senate . To Schiller , Obama 's adoption of much of the Bush-era anti-terrorism apparatus was the natural outcome from assuming presidential responsibility for national security . "  Nobody predicted in 2007 that Barack Obama would preside over such a massive spying operation , " she said . "  You never know until you get in there how many threats are out there against the United States and what you have to do is thwart them . " It all comes down to being the commander in chief , she said , adding : "  I do n't think there 's a president who ever served who would not have done the same thing in the name of security . " Opinion : Where 's the evidence that data mining saves lives ? CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report .	President Obama defends secret programs in the face of questions , criticism Obama 's adoption of Bush-era security programs is a shift from his Senate days Analyst : Increased homegrown terrorism changes American views of the Patriot Act Critics say debating the issue requires more details of what the government is doing
CNN  -- Russian billionaire Oleg Deripaska has dismissed the markets rout that followed the Federal Reserve 's suggestion it would wind back its stimulus program later this year as "  very emotional . " Deripaska , speaking to CNN at the St Petersburg International Economic Forum , said the reaction on Russian markets -- which included a 4 % drop in stock prices -- was "  disproportionate " to the country 's economic situation . Deripaska also played down the significance of Russia 's pledge to crack down on tax evasion as part of an agreement with other G8 leaders . Russia : We can survive if Fed winds down stimulus Deripaska , who Forbes estimates to be worth $ 8.5 billion , told CNN the Russian president 's plans "  would n't change anything for us . " The comments were "  sort of warning ... keep paying taxes , " he said . CNN Twitter chat : Africa on the rise as BRICs fall ? The Fed 's hints it would dial back its cheap money program come as Russia expects a loosening of economic policy under its new bank head , Elvira Nabiullina . At 8.25 % , the country 's interest rate is high for developing economies and , according to Deripaska , the new leadership will help restructure the country 's financial sector . His views echo those of VTB president Andrey Kostin , who earlier told CNN interest rates were too high . Kostin said he expected a change in focus of monetary policy , to become more "  relaxed . " Deripaska said the country produced enough raw materials but now needed to invest money in processing . "  Russia has a lot of opportunity inside Russia to grow , " he said .	Deripaska has dismissed the markets rout following the Fed 's stimulus announcement this week as "  very emotional " Deripaska said the reaction on Russian markets was "  disproportionate " to the country 's economic situation The Fed 's hints it would dial back its cheap money program come as Russia expects a loosening of economic policy
Jerusalem  CNN  -- An Australian-Israeli dual citizen who died in an Israeli prison gave Australian intelligence details of his work with Israel 's Mossad before his arrest , an Australian television network reported Tuesday . The fate of the man dubbed "  Prisoner X " is now the subject of an investigation by Israel 's parliament . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu pleaded over the weekend for details to be kept quiet , warning "  overexposure of security and intelligence activity " could harm Israel 's security . But the Australian Broadcasting Corporation has identified him as Ben Zygier , and it reported Tuesday that he had reported "  every aspect of his work " for the Mossad , Israel 's spy agency , to the Australian Security Intelligence Organization . Zygier reportedly committed suicide in Israel 's Ayalon Prison in December 2010 , about 10 months after his arrest , according to ABC . His incarceration was a state secret , and Israel has never confirmed the prisoner 's name or how he died . ABC , citing unnamed sources , reported Tuesday that Zygier gave Australia "  comprehensive detail about a number of Mossad operations , including plans for a top-secret mission in Italy that had been years in the making . " Zygier helped Mossad set up a European communications company that sold electronics to Arab countries and Iran , according to the network . He met with Australian intelligence during a trip back to Australia , ABC reported . It was n't clear who approached whom -- but ABC said it "  believes " Zygier was arrested after Mossad discovered his contact with ASIO , fearing he had given up Israeli secrets . A committee of Israel 's Knesset announced Sunday that it would look into all aspects of the case , much of which remains under a gag order . Details about what happened to "  Prisoner X " -- and why -- remain elusive . ` We are not like other countries , ' Netanyahu says In his weekly Cabinet address Sunday , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu insisted Israel is committed to freedom of expression . "  However , the overexposure of security and intelligence activity could harm , sometimes severely , state security , " he said . "  We are not like other countries , " Netanyahu added . "  We are an exemplary democracy and maintain the rights of those under investigation and individual rights no less than any other country . However , we are more threatened and face more challenges ; therefore , we must maintain proper activity of our security agencies . And therefore , I ask all of you , let the security forces do their work quietly so that we can continue to live in security and tranquility in the state of Israel . " Israel 's ` Prisoner X ' : Death of man with alleged spy agency ties For two years , a government gag order prevented local journalists in Israel from telling the story . But after ABC brought the case to light last week , an Israeli court appeared to publicly confirm details about the case for the first time . A statement from the court described a "  prisoner who was both an Israeli citizen and a foreign national . " "  The inmate was registered under a false identity for security reasons , but his family was notified immediately upon his arrest , " the statement said . The court lifted part of the gag order , saying local media could quote foreign publications ' reporting on the case -- but they could not do their own reporting on the story . Criticism within Israel Some Israeli lawmakers sharply criticized the government 's handling of the matter . "  When unknown prisoners commit suicide and nobody knows who he is , how does that fit with a democracy with law which is proper ? " Zahava Gal-On , leader of the Meretz Party , asked last week . Pressed for answers by another lawmaker , Justice Minister Yaakov Neeman said that the matter should be investigated . But he said he could not answer the questions "  because the subject is not under the jurisdiction of the Justice Ministry . " Dan Yakir , chief legal council for the Association for Civil Rights in Israel , sent a letter to Israel 's attorney general about the case , criticizing the censorship and calling for the gag order to be scaled back further . "  What is far more concerning , of course , is the fact that a man was held in detention under heavy secrecy , and nothing was published about the reason for his arrest or the circumstances surrounding his death , " Yakir wrote . A culture of censorship All journalists who apply for a government-issued Israeli Press Card must sign documents agreeing to the military censorship . According to the agreement , journalists will not publish security information that could benefit Israel 's enemies or harm the state . Breaking the rule could result in card revocation , and foreign journalists could lose their visas to work there . In recent years , the censorship mechanism for checking scripts and pictures has rarely been practiced . Controls over content have faded more and more with the Internet as more freedom of information passes into the public domain . Recent news of Prisoner X 's case prompted Australian Foreign Minister Bob Carr to request an internal report . "  I 'm advised in the form of an interim report that the Australian government was informed in February 2010 , though intelligence channels , that the Israeli authorities had detained a dual Australian-Israeli citizen , and they provided the name of the citizen , in relation to serious offenses under Israeli national security legislation , " Carr told a Senate committee Thursday . He did not mention what the alleged "  serious offenses " were . Carr said Australia sought specific assurances from Israel , such as that the detainee would get legal representation of his choosing and that he would not be mistreated . "  At no stage during his detention did the Australian government receive any requests from the individual or his family to extend consular support , " Carr said . "  The Australian government was advised through intelligence channels on December 16 , 2010 ,  of  this individual 's death on the previous day , and the deceased 's family had been notified by Israeli authorities . " The Australian Embassy in Tel Aviv assisted in returning the body to Australia , Carr said . Michael Schwartz reported from Jerusalem , and Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Sara Sidner also contributed to this report .	NEW : Australian network says ` Prisoner X ' shared Israeli secrets with Australia The man died in an Israeli cell in December 2010 ; details have not been released Israeli lawmakers say they 're investigating the case Netanyahu warns against "  overexposure " of intelligence work
CNN  -- Surveillance footage shows other minors inside a Georgia high school gym at about the same time authorities say Kendrick Johnson suffocated in a rolled-up mat while reaching for a sneaker , an attorney for the school told CNN on Friday . The attorney 's acknowledgement came in a response to a CNN open records request asking whether other minors were recorded in the footage inside the Lowndes County High School gym on January 10 between 1:09 p.m. and 1:20 p.m. , a span of about 10 minutes after Johnson entered the gym . "  I answer your pointed question with ` yes , ' " L. Warren Turner Jr. . the attorney , wrote in the letter . CNN made the request after the school declined to release certain surveillance photos or video , citing state law that exempts the release of "  education records of a minor child . " It 's the latest revelation in a case that has seen Kendrick 's parents challenge the account of authorities and demanded an inquest into the teen 's death . Attorneys for Kendrick 's family have called for the release of the surveillance video . Kendrick Johnson 's parents want answers Johnson , 17 , was found dead at the gym in Valdosta on January 11 , his body resting headfirst in the rolled wrestling mat , according to authorities . A few still pictures , taken from surveillance cameras at the gym , are perhaps the last known images of Kendrick alive . They show him walking across the bare floor . Those images were released by the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office . The next pictures of the teenager are far more horrifying : His body , clad in jeans and layered orange and white T-shirts , is wedged in the wrestling mat . His face is bloated with pooled blood , some of which poured out of his body and soaked his dreadlocks and spilled onto the floor . A pair of orange-and-black gym shoes were found a few yards from the teen 's body . A Georgia Bureau of Investigation autopsy found that he died from positional asphyxia , and the sheriff 's office determined the death was accidental . Second autopsy : Kendrick Johnson 's body stuffed with newspaper The sheriff has declared the case closed , and the U.S. Justice Department said in September that it would n't open a civil rights investigation . But Michael Moore , the U.S. attorney for the district that includes Valdosta , is reviewing the case and weighing whether to open his own investigation . Dr. Bill Anderson , the private pathologist hired by Johnson 's family to conduct a second autopsy , found that Johnson had a blow to right side of his neck "  consistent with inflicted injury . " A January 25 report by the Valdosta-Lowndes County Regional Crime Laboratory cited "  no signs of blunt force trauma on Johnson 's face or body . " And the original autopsy results released by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation May 2 identified "  no significant injuries . " Johnson 's death no accidental , family 's autopsy finds CNN 's Greg Botelho and Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	Kendrick Johnson , 17 , suffocated in gym mat , officials say Surveillance footage captured Kendrick in the gym A CNN open records request asked if others were present in surveillance footage School attorney acknowledges footage shows others in the gym
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A South African chef who has worked in New Zealand for six years claims his work visa was denied because of his obesity . But New Zealand immigration authorities say the visa was denied because the man "  no longer had an acceptable standard of health , " that his ability to work was in question and that there is potential "  high cost " of his healthcare . Albertus Buitenhuis , 50 , as described by his wife , has "  always been on the larger side . " And the 278-pound man  126 kilograms  says he struggles with his weight . So how did a chef who specializes in South African cuisine get caught in the crosshairs of two major controversies -- immigration and obesity ? "  I am a chef , not a politician and I do not want to be the poster child for immigration issues -- but I have become that I feel , " he told CNN . "  I just want to work and live here . " After Buitenhuis and his wife arrived in New Zealand in 2007 , they were granted subsequent visitor and work visas . They settled in the city of Christchurch and Buitenhuis found work at a restaurant , the Cashmere Club , where he became known for his "  curry of the day . " Their run-in with immigration began when the couple applied for New Zealand residency in 2011 . To qualify for residency , Buitenhuis had to take several medical tests . After the exams , the immigration authorities found that "  he did not have an acceptable standard of health . " Although Buitenhuis withdrew his residency application , his health information was now on record . In May , Immigration New Zealand rejected his work visa application for health reasons . Immigration New Zealand did not cite Buitenhuis ' weight for rejecting his work visa . The agency stated in a media release that obesity alone is not enough to fail the country 's required health screenings . Instead , it cited a litany of Buitenhuis ' obesity-related complications and stated that he had evidence of chronic knee joint condition , impaired glucose tolerance and enlarged fatty liver . The agency noted that a replacement surgery for Buitenhuis ' knee joint condition could cost over US$ 16,000  NZ$ 20,000  . "  The applicant 's ability to work is affected by the chronic knee joint condition that he suffers from , " the agency stated . It also listed his "  significant risk of obesity complications " as diabetes , hypertension , heart disease , obstructive sleep apnea , some cancers and premature joint diseases . The agency 's medical assessors "  have to consider to what extent there might be indications of future high-cost and high-need demand for health services . " New Zealand has a public health system , which is free or low cost to users because of government subsidies . Also the country 's immigration policy states that people with a body mass index over 35 are not likely to meet health requirements due to health risks . Buitenhuis agrees with the notion that countries have to protect their taxpayers from high health expenses . "  I see no problem with potential immigrants being screened for risks to either national health or maybe becoming a financial burden on the taxpayers , " he said . "  All countries do that . " But he said they would 've wanted to know sooner . He said they 've already put down their roots in New Zealand . Buitenhuis was heavier at 353 pounds  160 kilograms  when he first arrived to New Zealand . Now 75 pounds lighter , Buitenhuis said he was never warned about not meeting an "  acceptable standard of health " until about a year ago . The only previous mention of his weight was when he applied for residency and an agent warned them that "  INZ is very strict on weight and that it was unbelievable that I was actually given a work visa in the first place . " The couple has filed an appeal to Immigration New Zealand , which they expect to hear back in two weeks . His doctor has written a letter of support , stating that Buitenhuis had brought his cholesterol and blood pressure under control and that his BMI is high because of his build . Since May , the couple have had to stop working because they are considered illegal aliens -- which has thrown their lives into turmoil . "  We 've been kicked out of our home . We 're in the process of losing our phones , we 're going to be cut off . We 're living with my sister , " he said . "  It hurts your pride , it 's humiliating . " The couple hopes to remain in New Zealand as their relatives live there . "  We committed no crime and did nothing wrong other than my husband being a foodie , " wrote Marthie Buitenhuis , his wife . "  We also feel that this situation is treated very lightly while it should be abundantly clear to the officials involved with our case that the situation is urgent . " Countries are limited in what health screening measures are applied to short-term visitors . But the International Health Regulations , a legally-binding international agreement to prevent the spread of diseases , allows countries to apply additional screenings for people who seek long-term residence because of health expenses picked up by the nation 's services . Boyd Swinburn , professor of Population Nutrition and Global Health at the University of Auckland , said in an era of growing waistlines and soaring health costs , tough policy decisions have to be made . "  I think governments are looking for ways to reduce the health care cost burden on the population on the taxpayer , " he told CNN . "  So they 'll be looking at all sorts of ways to do that . I do n't think it 's an easy call . There are issues on both sides , there 's also population and government decisions . Sometimes , they 're a bit tough . There are no winners , I 'm afraid . " More than a quarter  28 %  of New Zealanders are considered obese , which is considerably lower than the United States  35.7 %  . This is not the first time New Zealand has made headlines on this issue . In 2009 , a 297-pound American woman was denied residency there because of her obesity-related complications , according to the New Zealand Herald . The medical assessor concluded that the woman , who was morbidly obese and diabetic , would cost the health service more than US$ 19,985  NZ$ $ 25,000  over four years . "  There 's always been a restriction on immigration based on health issues , so the basic principle has always been , if you 've got a major health problem that 's a drain on the state , that counts against you in immigration , " Jim Mann , professor of medicine and nutrition at University of Otago in New Zealand , told CNN . "  I do n't think that 's unique in many countries . " Countries can test immigrants for infectious diseases like sexually transmitted diseases  STDs  or tuberculosis , but the difference is that countries also want to determine beyond potential infections to the economic cost for the state , he said . "  If someone says to me , ` is your risk greater from a whole range of medical issues because of obesity ? ' Yes it is . I may not like the prejudicial label attached to it . It 's a true fact , " Mann added . Madison Park reported and wrote in Hong Kong . Aliza Kassim reported in Atlanta .	South African chef is denied work visa in New Zealand based on health reasons New Zealand immigration : Man did not meet "  acceptable standard of healthy " Authorities cite his obesity-related complications for the rejection
Washington  CNN  -- The body of Sen. Robert Byrd , D-West Virginia , will lie in repose in the U.S. Senate chamber on Thursday , two Senate aides familiar with the plans told CNN . Byrd , the longest-serving member of the U.S. Congress , died Monday . He was 92 . Byrd served for six years in the House before moving to the Senate , where he served nine terms . Byrd will lie in repose in a closed casket from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. ET , a senior Senate aide said . Senators and others will be asked to be in the chamber at 10:30 a.m. , when Senate chaplain Barry Black will give a prayer . It was unclear whether members of the public would be on the floor or watching the proceedings from the visitors ' gallery above . Byrd 's body will also lie in repose at the West Virginia state Capitol from 9 p.m. Thursday to 9 a.m. Friday , West Virginia Gov. Joe Manchin 's office said in a statement , and "  the public is invited to pay their respects . "  A public , formal memorial service will also take place  at  11:30 a.m. Friday at the state Capitol 's North Plaza , " the statement said . Manchin has ordered flags flown at half-staff at state facilities in Byrd 's honor , and ordered the lights of the state Capitol dome turned off until further notice . On Monday , West Virginia Secretary of State Natalie Tennant said there will be no election this year to fill the remaining time in Byrd 's term , and that the election will take place in 2012 . But the timing of Byrd 's death contributed to confusion about filling the remainder of his term . Two elections will be held in November 2012 , Tennant said -- one to fill the remaining two months of Byrd 's term and one for the new six-year term in the Senate that begins in January 2013 . CNN 's Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	Byrd to lie in repose in Senate chamber Thursday NEW : Byrd will also lie in repose in West Virginia capitol Longest-serving member of Congress died Monday at 92 West Virginia governor orders flags flown at half-staff
Osh , Kyrgyzstan  CNN  -- Kyrgyzstan will investigate allegations that government troops were involved in ethnic violence , an official said Sunday . Col. Kursan Asanov , appointed by the Kyrgyz interim government to run the reconciliation operation in the southern city of Osh , did not say whether the investigation would include independent investigators . Asanov said that a government-imposed curfew in Osh that was due to expire Sunday had been extended to Friday . The curfew stretches from 6 p.m. to 6 a.m.  10 a.m. to 10 p.m. ET  . Ethnic violence between Kyrgyz and Uzbeks has displaced 300,000 people inside Kyrgyzstan and forced 100,000 more to flee Kyrgyzstan , the office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees estimated . The clashes , which erupted last week , were the most serious outbreak of ethnic violence in the former Soviet republic since 1990 , when hundreds of people died in Osh . The Kyrgyz news agency Kabar said Friday that 191 people died in the violence but Roza Otunbayeva , the acting president of Kyrgyzstan , said that toll should be multiplied by 10 , according to the Russian news website Kommersant . She said many deaths in the countryside were not part of the official total of yet . Refugees fleeing Kyrgyzstan 's surge of ethnic violence have accused the central Asian nation 's security forces of carrying out some of the deadly attacks . Emerging video and witness accounts point to units of the Kyrgyz military taking part in the violence . Uprooted people on both sides of the Kyrgyzstan-Uzbekistan border said they are frightened by the Kyrgyz military . Zuhra Khuchkarova , 48 , said her son was killed not by an angry mob , but by the Kyrgyz Army on a killing rampage . "  He was shot in the street by soldiers sitting on top of a tank , surrounded by Kyrgyz men , " she said . "  He was just 23 and had a pregnant wife . Now he 'll never see his child . " She was sure it was the military , she said . No one else has tanks . Hikmat said soldiers protected people at first , but then turned and shot peaceful Uzbek civilians . Ikromjon , too , said he saw Kyrgyz troops spray a crowd with bullets in the southern city of Osh . The two only gave first names because they did not want to be identified . The refugees spoke of homes and businesses burned by rampaging militias , bodies in the streets and how their relatives were killed . And they shared video footage captured on their cell phones . One began with a crowd of Kyrgyz men , facing their ethnic Uzbek rivals . A few seconds in , there are gunshots and cheers . "  Hurray , they 're coming , " someone shouts in Kyrgyz , as an armored personnel carrier drives into the area amid more gunfire . In the pandemonium , a voice can be heard shouting : "  They 're using live bullets , not blanks . " An aide to the interim president said he heard reports that Kyrgyz security forces were involved in shooting Uzbeks based on their ethnic background . However , he said he was not speaking on behalf of the government and that he believed the reports were mainly rumors and provocations . U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Robert Blake , who toured a refugee camp near the Uzbekistan border , urged the government to ensure a fair probe into the violence . "  I think that 's going to be a very important element . Both a very substantial investigation and also that the perpetrators are held accountable , " said Blake , the top American diplomat for Central Asia . Blake said he wants Kyrgyzstan authorities to investigate who carried out the attacks on ethnic Uzbeks and to bring those responsible to justice . Many refugees have found shelter along the Uzbekistan border in squalid refugee camps where food and medicine are in short supply . The U.N. World Food Programme planned to airlift food over the weekend to augment ongoing distributions . Starting Sunday , planes will carry 110 tons of high-energy biscuits from the agency 's warehouse in Dubai to the region -- enough to provide daily rations for 206,000 refugees and displaced people , the agency said Saturday . The United Nations announced a $ 71 million emergency appeal for food , medicine and shelter for 500,000 victims of the violence that broke out on June 10 . While many are encamped along the border , many are trapped in neighbourhoods in Osh . "  With a huge number of people displaced by the conflict , and thousands more trapped without food , water or supplies , there 's not a moment to lose , " said Josette Sheeran , executive director of the WFP .	Government plans investigation of claims that troops were involved in ethnic violence Officials say curfew imposed in Osh extended until Friday One woman says Kyrgyz army killed son Government aide : Reports of Uzbeks shot by Kyrgyz are rumors
CNN  Police officers are among the two dead and 15 wounded after an explosion during a peaceful protest in the eastern city of Kharkiv , Ukraine 's Interior Ministry said Sunday . Four people belonging to a group that received training in Belgorod , Russia , have been arrested , Secretary Oleksandr Turchynov of Ukraine 's National Defense and Security Council said on his website . A gun was also confiscated . Though there were reports that someone threw an explosive device from a vehicle , the blast appeared to be caused by a remote-controlled device , Turchynov 's statement said . Footage from the rally shows an estimated 500 people marching through a Kharkiv street , many hoisting Ukrainian flags , when the explosion sends rally participants and onlookers scurrying for cover . Police and others rush to treat three people -- two men , one in camouflage fatigues and another who appears to be in civilian dress , lying motionless on the ground and a third man in camouflage who seems to have suffered shrapnel injuries to his legs . Turchynov 's statement and media outlets reported a casualty toll lower than the one provided by the Interior Ministry . The Interior Ministry and Turchynov agreed that one policeman was among the dead and five officers were among the wounded . One eyewitness told the Kiev Post that the blast could have been deadlier . "  The march was delayed by 10 minutes , then just as people started to move , we saw the explosion go off just 100 meters away , to our left and on the road side . It seemed like the device was hidden in the snow near a tree , " Dmitriy Komaykov told the newspaper . "  Luckily a truck was maneuvering there , and it took most of the shrapnel . I saw two dead , lying in blood , just next to the truck , which was completely torn apart by metal shards . Can you imagine if it had been later ? My wife and I went to the march with our baby daughter and our older son . " The explosion is a suspected terrorist act , said Anatoly Dmitriev , head of the Kharkiv region of Ukraine 's Ministry of Internal Affairs . Kharkiv has been placed under the highest level of terror alert as a counterterrorism operation is under way , Turchynov said . Sunday 's rally marked the first anniversary of the bloodiest day of protests in Kiev 's Maidan , or Independence Square , against the country 's then-Russian-leaning leader and in favor of closer ties to Europe . Some 49 people died on February 20 , 2014 , and close to 100 more suffered gunshot wounds when , according to protesters , government snipers opened fire on them . Two days later , President Viktor Yanukovych fled the country , prompting Ukrainians to declare "  victory in the Maidan " and promise a new day for a country long torn between its neighbors , Europe to the west and Russia to the east . Kharkiv has been the target of numerous attacks in recent months . According to a Foreign Policy report , the Interior Ministry has declared that 700 separatists have been detained in the city , and several attacks have struck Ukraine 's second-largest city since October . Among them : a grenade attack on military warehouses on October 19 ; a November explosion at a pub popular with local volunteers and activists ; a Christmas bombing at a furniture store ; a January bombing at a courthouse that injured 14 ; and a February bombing of a notary 's office . In response to the attacks , police have begun guarding Kharkiv 's "  strategic infrastructure " and have upped security at supermarkets , Foreign Policy reported Friday . Sunday 's attack came a day after U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , appearing in London , blasted Russia for its "  land-grabbing in Ukraine " and threatened additional sanctions . "  We are confident that over the next few days we are going to make it clear that we are not going to play this game , not going to sit here and be part of this extraordinarily craven behavior at the expense of the sovereignty and integrity of a nation , " he said . Moscow has repeatedly denied that it is arming separatists and sending its own troops over the border , but Kerry said satellites and other technology show it 's "  no secret " what is happening in Ukraine . "  We know to a certainty what Russia has been providing to the separatists , how Russia is involved with the separatists , " he said . A ceasefire that went into effect February 15 remains in doubt , as a separatist offensive to take the key strategic town of Debaltseve ended only Wednesday when rebels took over the town . Shelling also picked up last week in the city of Donetsk and clashes have been reported around the southern port city of Mariupol . Ukraine 's National Defense and Security Council said Friday there had been 300 instances in which the latest truce was violated , and the news agency Ukrinform published a map Saturday showing how the eastern portion of the country is still racked by violence . The ceasefire agreement -- signed February 12 in Minsk , Belarus , among the leaders of Ukraine , Russia , France and Germany -- aimed to curb this violence . It is supposed to be followed by the withdrawal of heavy weaponry to create a buffer zone , the release of prisoners and steps toward new elections . Journalist Victoria Butenko in Kiev and CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Lindsay Isaac contributed to this report .	Video from scene shows police , onlookers tending to 3 men , two of them in fatigues Ministry of Internal Affairs official says explosion is a suspected terror act
CNN  -- The end of the Earth . That 's how an official Mexican tourism website describes Los Cabos . For 27-year-old Kate Pope , the popular beach travel destination on the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula felt like just that after Hurricane Odile hit Sunday night . "  The hotel gates are chained shut and there are guards with batons for security , " Pope said . "  Resorts are a good target once the grocery stores are depleted . " More than 1,000 miles away , her fiance , William Wilcox , was frantic . Pope had traveled to Cabo San Lucas from California for a bachelorette celebration with her sisters and friends . For days , Wilcox had n't heard from them -- until Wednesday morning , when he learned that instead of partying at beachside bars , the group had huddled for 14 hours in a hotel basement and then later spent the night in soaked beds in a flooded room . The hotel employees asked them to turn all flashlights off and keep quiet so they did not attract the masses roaming the streets , Pope said . "  People are still stuck , " Wilcox wrote in a Twitter post Thursday . With communication still spotty , he says he 's not sure where Pope is , but he hopes she 's on a bus on the way to the airport . It 's a harrowing situation that 's left the resort region paralyzed long after the storm hit . Authorities said thousands of tourists were trapped after the storm left airports unable to reopen . Mexican military aircraft began transporting passengers from the region Tuesday . By Thursday , the country 's transportation ministry said 18,000 people had been flown out on more than 120 military and commercial flights . "  The great majority of stranded tourists have been evacuated , " the ministry said , adding that efforts will continue until all the affected travelers are transported . On Thursday afternoon , an emergency message from the U.S. Embassy advised U.S. citizens in the area to go as soon as possible to the airport in San Jose del Cabo , where the State Department was working with U.S. and Mexican carriers to arrange flights . "  Passengers should be prepared to wait until they are able to depart , " the statement said . By Thursday evening , there were still thousands of tourists trying to get out of the area . A line at the airport stretched for more than a kilometer . Out of contact for days But several family members of tourists vacationing in Mexico told CNN they 're still waiting to find out how their loved ones fared . It took Elizabeth Vasquez of Concord , California , days to hear from her daughter after Odile pounded Puerto Los Cabos . "  Mom I can hear the wind now , " Lisa Vasquez wrote in a text as the storm hit . "  I hear all kinds of things hitting the building . " Not long after that message , any word from the daughter ceased . On Thursday , Lisa Vasquez and her fiance Tomas were back in the United States at a Dallas airport trying to get a flight home to California . And they were back in touch with family . Georgia Demet-Mangiameli says two of her sons were stranded in Cabo San Lucas after heading there for a destination wedding . "  It 's very disturbing . ... In the United States , there is the Red Cross which gets people out of harm 's way instantly and there in Mexico they have just been sitting there for days since Sunday , " she said . "  The conditions are horrible . They are running out of food , water and toilet paper , " Demet-Mangiameli told CNN . "  They are worried about looters . " ` It just hit like a pile driver ' In four years of living in Cabo San Lucas , Justin Dow said he 'd never seen anything like it . "  It just hit like a pile driver . It was so vicious that the house was shaking . The noises were so scary , " Dow said , describing his experience hearing the storm hit . "  The entire downstairs had at least an inch or more of water . You could just hear the destruction outside . " Now , Dow said , the town he calls home has drastically transformed . "  It is complete and utter devastation . They are looting everything , " he said . "  There needs to be a lot done . " On Thursday , Mexican President Enrique PeÃ ± a Nieto said officials were creating a temporary work program to clean up damaged areas and community kitchens to help residents in the most severely impacted areas , state media reported . But Dow , originally from St. Simons Island , Georgia , said government officials in Mexico did n't react quickly or strongly enough to the devastating storm and its aftermath . He and his wife managed to evacuate on Wednesday afternoon , flying to San Diego with their dogs Sofi and Partner sitting at their feet . Dow says he ca n't shake the thought of the people left behind . "  Humans become desperate , and desperation turns into bad things , " he said . "  So many people are still there , so many people that ca n't leave . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Carma Hassan , Krupskaia Alis and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Military and commercial aircraft have evacuated 18,000 tourists , officials say Thousands of tourists were stranded after Odile hit Mexican beach resorts "  The hotel gates are chained shut , " one American trapped in Cabo San Lucas says The State Department advises stranded tourists to head to the airport
Boko Haram is an Islamist militant group waging a campaign of violence in northeastern Nigeria , particularly in the states of Borno , Yobe and Adamawa . The group 's ambitions range from the stricter enforcement of Sharia law -- which is derived from the Koran as the "  world of God " -- across the predominantly Muslim north of Nigeria , to the total destruction of the Nigerian state and its government . The Nigerian government is struggling to control the bloodshed between the mainly Muslim north and Christian south that has claimed more than 3,000 lives since Boko Haram came to prominence in 2009 , according to Human Rights Watch . Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International have also accused Nigeria 's military of committing atrocities against civilians . After raising concerns with Nigeria 's foreign minister last May , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said : "  The government has acknowledged that there have been some problems ... they 're working to try to control it . " Days after a deadly attack on a college in northeastern Nigeria , which the military suspects may have been committed by Boko Haram , we look back at the past year of attacks blamed on -- or claimed by -- the group . February 26 , 2014 : At least 29 students die in an attack on a federal college in Buni Yadi , near the the capital of Yobe state , Nigeria 's military says . Authorities suspect Boko Haram carried out the assault in which several buildings were also torched . February 15 , 2014 : Dozens of residents in northeastern Nigeria are killed in two separate attacks launched by Boko Haram , according to officials and residents . They say scores of militants dressed in military uniforms storm the Christian farming village of Izghe , in Borno state , and open sporadic fire on residents , killing at least 106 people in an attack specifically targeting male residents . In the second attack , suspected Boko Haram gunmen open fire on Doron Baga , a fishing village along Lake Chad . "  They opened fire from all directions , forcing residents to jump into the lake in a bid to escape , and many drowned while others were gunned down , " a survivor says . February 11 , 2014 : Suspected Boko Haram militants torch houses in the village of Konduga , killing at least 23 people , according to the governor of Borno state . January 26 , 2014 : Militants open fire on a village market and burn homes in the village of Kawuri , killing at least 45 people , Borno state police commissioner Lawan Tanko says . Tanko says the suspected Boko Haram members were on all-terrain vehicles and shot at people while traders were closing shop for the day . December 2 , 2013 : Hundreds of Boko Haram militants attack an Air Force base and a military checkpoint in the northeastern Nigerian city of Maiduguri , according to government officials . November 13 , 2013 : French priest , Georges Vandenbeusch , is snatched from his parish church in Nguetchewe , Cameroon , about 11 kilometers  7 miles  from the Nigerian border . He is released at the end of the year . October 20 , 2013 : Gunmen suspected of being members of Boko Haram attack motorists in northeastern Nigeria , killing four , authorities say . A Nigerian Army spokesman says the men -- dressed in military clothing -- launched the attack on a remote road in between Ikwa and Gamboru-Ngala in Borno State , close to the border of Cameroon . September 29 , 2013 : Gunmen approach a dormitory at the College of Agriculture Gujba in Yobe state and open fire on sleeping students . At least 40 students die , local media says and a military spokesman says the evidence points to Boko Haram . August 11 , 2013 : Gunmen attack a mosque in Konduga , Borno state , with automatic weapons , killing at least 44 people , a local police official says . July 6 , 2013 : Gunmen storm a school in Yobe state , killing 20 students and a teacher , state media reports . June 2013 : An attack on another Yobe school takes the lives of seven students and two teachers , state news reports . Boko Haram claims responsibility , according to local media . May 7 , 2013 : Two soldiers are killed in Bama , Borno state , during coordinated attacks on multiple targets . Nigeria 's military says more than 100 Boko Haram militants armed with machine guns , rocket-propelled grenades and anti-aircraft weapons mounted on vehicles carried out the attack . President Goodluck Jonathan says dozens of people were killed and police say at least 13 suspected militants were among the dead . February 19 , 2013 : A French family of seven is kidnapped in Cameroon . Boko Haram releases a video of the hostages in which a spokesman demands that Nigeria and Cameroon free jailed members of its group . The family was later released .	Nigeria is battling an Islamist insurgency that has claimed 3,000 lives since 2009 Boko Haram is fighting for stricter Sharia law in Nigeria 's predominately Muslim north Nigeria 's military suspect Boko Haram was behind an attack on a college this week At least 29 students were killed and several buildings torched in the Buni Yadi attack
CNN  -- Andy Murray and Roger Federer are both carrying the weight of expectation and history into Sunday 's men 's singles final at Wimbledon . Murray snapped a 74-year streak when he became the first British man to reach the final at the All England Club and will want to end a 76-year long wait for the tennis success starved nation by actually winning a men 's grand slam title . The legendary Fred Perry claimed both Wimbledon and the U.S. Open titles in 1936 , but since then nothing , despite the brave efforts of Andy Murray 's predecessor as British number one , Tiger Henman . Virginia Wade was the last British winner of a grand slam at Wimbledon in 1977 , the year of the Silver Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II . Maybe that will be an omen because 2012 marks the Diamond Jubilee of the British monarch , who made a rare visit to SW19 to see Wade win all those years ago . Wishful thinking But that sort of historic wishful thinking is unlikely to make much impression on Federer and even Murray admits he needs to play the "  perfect match " to beat the Swiss maestro . "  He 's one of the greatest ever players . He 's been doing it consistently over a number of years . He 's very , very tough to beat here , " Murray told gathered reporters after his four-set semifinal win over Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France . "  It 's a great challenge , one where I 'm probably not expected to win , but one that , if I play well , I 'm capable of winning . The pressure that I would be feeling if it was against somebody else I guess it would be different . "  But there will be less on me on Sunday because of who he is . " Murray 's clever attempt to deflect pressure and focus it on Federer underestimates the expectations of a sports mad country , who have filled just about every seat for every day of every event at the 2012 London Olympics later this month . Britain is likely to come to a standstill Sunday afternoon as television sets are tuned into the live broadcast and in his home town of Dunblane in Scotland special celebrations are planned . Formidable opponent Murray is right though . Federer is a formidable opponent and can set a string of records if he beats the number four seed and home hope . It will be a record equaling seventh Wimbledon title in the Open Era , drawing level with Pete Sampras , who coincidentally had the same coach , Paul Annacone , as Federer . He will extend his own record to 17 grand slam titles and victory will also take him back to the top of the world rankings , also beating another Sampras record for successive weeks at the top of the men 's game . For a 30-year-old , considered to be a waning force , it would be a remarkable performance , made possible by his four-set dismissal of the previously dominant Novak Djokovic to reach a record eighth Wimbledon final . "  There 's a lot on the line for me . I 'm not denying that . I have a lot of pressure , as well . I 'm looking forward to that . That 's what I work hard for , " he said . "  I 've worked extremely hard since I lost that match point against Novak last year at the U.S. Open . "  My run has been extremely good . Now I have a chance at world No. 1 , and at the title again all at once . "  So it 's a big match for me . " Missed chance Federer missed that chance against Djokovic in the semifinal of the U.S. Open last year , losing a five-set thriller and it looked as if it might be his last with the likes of Rafael Nadal , who made a surprising early exit at Wimbledon , and Murray making it even more difficult to land a grand slam . He would be the first man since Andre Agassi at the Australian Open in 2003 to win one of the top four tournaments in tennis past the age of 30 and only Australian legend Rod Laver and American Arthur Ashe have achieved that feat at Wimbledon . Murray also holds an 8-7 career record over Federer , but the last time the pair met in a grand slam final , at the Australian Open in 2010 , he was given a tennis lesson by the man from Basel . But with inspiration and valuable advice from a new coach , eight-time grand slam winner Ivan Lendl , the 25-year Murray may just be ready to bring some much needed cheer to a country in the grip of austerity and in the middle of one of its wettest summers on record .	Andy Murray bidding to become first British man to win grand slam since 1936 Roger Federer can claim record equaling seventh Wimbledon title Murray has 8-7 career edge over the Swiss star Federer won their last grand slam final clash in Australia in 2010
CNN  -- A man and woman suspected of kidnapping a 5-year-old boy from Missouri were arrested Tuesday afternoon in Phoenix , Arizona , an FBI spokesman said . The boy -- Devon Denman -- was found unharmed Monday in the back seat of a stolen vehicle after a high-speed police pursuit in New Mexico ended with Elizabeth Denman and Mark Cochran fleeing when the vehicle 's tires were punctured by police stop sticks , according to Lt. Eric Garcia of the New Mexico State Police . Authorities had been searching a 200-mile area around Gallup , New Mexico , west of Albuquerque , for Elizabeth Denman , believed to be the boy 's mother , and Cochran , a registered sex offender , Garcia said . The couple were arrested Tuesday without incident at Indian Bend Wash Park in the Phoenix metro area at 12:50 p.m.  3:50 p.m. ET  , according to Manuel Johnson , an FBI spokesman in Phoenix . A handgun was also found at the scene of their arrest , Johnson said . During Monday 's car chase , several shots were fired at police , according to Garcia . It was not immediately clear how Denman and Cochran traveled to Phoenix -- about 300 miles southwest of Gallup , Johnson said . The couple are being held at the Maricopa County jail pending a court appearance , Johnson said . CNN 's Amanda Watts and Melanie Whitley contributed to this report .	Devon Denham , 5 , was found unharmed in New Mexico on Monday The couple fled from police in New Mexico after a high-speed pursuit They were arrested without incident Tuesday afternoon Elizabeth Denham is believed to be the boy 's mother ; Mark Cochran is a registered sex offender
Film director Woody Allen released a statement Sunday denying adopted daughter Dylan Farrow 's allegation that he sexually assaulted her when she was 7 years old . In an open letter posted online Saturday by The New York Times , Farrow recounted her allegation that Allen sexually assaulted her in the attic of her adopted mother Mia Farrow 's house in 1992 . The statement released by Allen representative Leslee Dart said : "  Mr. Allen has read the article and found it untrue and disgraceful . He will be responding very soon . In the meantime , it is essential that your coverage make the following facts clear : "  At the time , a thorough investigation was conducted by court appointed independent experts . The experts concluded there was no credible evidence of molestation ; that Dylan Farrow had an inability to distinguish between fantasy and reality ; and that Dylan Farrow had likely been coached by her mother Mia Farrow . No charges were ever filed . " Dylan Farrow 's open letter appeared on Times columnist Nicholas Kristof 's blog . It was billed as the first time she 's publicly written about the accusation . "  What 's your favorite Woody Allen movie ? Before you answer , you should know : when I was seven years old , Woody Allen took me by the hand and led me into a dim , closet-like attic on the second floor of our house . "  He told me to lay on my stomach and play with my brother 's electric train set . Then he sexually assaulted me . " The letter was released the same day as the Writers Guild Awards , for which Allen had been nominated for best screenplay for "  Blue Jasmine " but did not win . The movie also garnered three Academy Award nominations . In 1992 , in the wake of an affair between Allen and Soon-Yi Previn -- Mia Farrow 's adopted daughter with composer Andre Previn -- Farrow accused the filmmaker of molesting Dylan . About a week later , Allen filed for custody of his three children with Farrow -- Moses and Dylan , who were adopted , and Satchel , their biological son , who now goes by Ronan Farrow . "  A team of investigators from Yale-New Haven Hospital that was retained by the Connecticut State Police subsequently concluded Dylan had not been abused , " according to an account in the Times , which covered the custody proceedings . Acting Justice Elliott Wilk of New York 's State Supreme Court "  said it was unlikely that Mr. Allen could be prosecuted for sexual abuse based on the evidence , " the newspaper reported . "  But while a team of experts concluded that Dylan was not abused , the judge said he found the evidence inconclusive . " A former prosecutor who decided against pressing charges in the case declined to comment on the details in Dylan Farrow 's letter Sunday . "  As a prosecutor I really ca n't comment on the substance of the statement of this now young woman . As a father of a child not too much older than this young woman , I can only say I hope she finds some peace and solace in the way she 's expressing herself , " former Connecticut State 's Attorney Frank Maco said . "  I hope she had access to my written statement of decision . My statement is as valid today as it was 20 years ago . " In 1993 , Maco -- who 's since retired -- told reporters he believed there was probable cause to arrest Allen . But he said he decided not to press charges , with Mia Farrow 's support , "  rather than exposing the child to possible harm . " At the time , Allen lashed out at authorities who handled the case and accused prosecutors of scheming to keep it open to influence his custody battle . Allegations raised again in recent months Even as the decades passed , the scandal permanently damaged Allen 's image -- that of a neurotic but amusing schlub with a talent for slapstick and witty one-liners . He denied the accusations from Dylan and said his relationship with Farrow , which had been painted storybook colors by the press , was not actually all that strong . He did marry Soon-Yi Previn in 1997 , and after the marriage came a slightly more public Woody Allen . The couple were the focus of a 1997 Barbara Kopple documentary , "  Wild Man Blues , " which portrayed a generally happy pair . Allen was also the subject of a 2011 Robert Weide film , "  Woody Allen : A Documentary , " which briskly addressed Farrow 's allegations from Allen 's point of view . However , the scandal has always been near the surface , and the open letter in The New York Times is one of a number of instances in recent months where the allegation has been raised . In a November Vanity Fair article , Allen was condemned by Mia Farrow 's children , especially Dylan . After that article 's publication , a representative for Allen told CNN , "  The article is so fictitious and extravagantly absurd that he is not going to comment . " Last month , as Allen was honored with a lifetime achievement award during the Golden Globes , Ronan Farrow , now estranged from his father , took to Twitter and referenced the allegation : "  Missed the Woody Allen tribute -- did they put the part where a woman publicly confirmed he molested her at age 7 before or after Annie Hall ? " And now comes the open letter , where Dylan Farrow recounts not only the alleged abuse , but what she says happened to her in the aftermath . "  Woody Allen was never convicted of any crime . That he got away with what he did to me haunted me as I grew up , " she wrote . "  I was stricken with guilt that I had allowed him to be near other little girls . I was terrified of being touched by men . I developed an eating disorder . I began cutting myself . " Celebrities accused of ` turning a blind eye ' She also admonished some of Hollywood 's most celebrated , mostly women , by name for "  turning a blind eye " and for continuing to work with Allen . CNN reached out to the stars that Dylan Farrow challenged by name in her letter but has not yet received responses . In a series of Twitter posts Sunday , actor Alec Baldwin -- who starred in "  Blue Jasmine " -- fired back at people asking him to respond to the allegations . "  You are mistaken if you think there is a place for me , or any outsider , in this family 's issue , " he wrote . In another post , he slammed someone who asked whether he owed Dylan Farrow an apology : "  What the f&@% is wrong w u that u think we all need to b commenting on this family 's personal struggle ? " No matter how celebrities respond , the letter is likely to fuel significant media coverage , said Dan Abrams , ABC News ' chief legal affairs anchor . "  This letter is so detailed and so powerful that I think that wherever Woody Allen goes for the next period of months , he 's going to be asked about this , he 's going to be questioned about it , he 's going to be challenged about it , " Abrams told CNN 's "  Reliable Sources " on Sunday . "  But I think that as a news story , it 's not going to fundamentally change , because we 've known this was her position . It 's the power of the details that she 's presenting that I think change this . "	Woody Allen 's representative calls letter "  untrue and disgraceful " Open letter by Dylan Farrow is published by The New York Times online She says Woody Allen sexually assaulted her in 1992 , when she was 7 Former prosecutor : "  I hope she finds some peace and solace "
CNN  -- Tropical Storm Andrea formed in the Gulf of Mexico on Wednesday , marking the first storm of the 2013 Atlantic hurricane season . The storm was about 270 miles west-southwest of Tampa , Florida , and moving north at 6 mph , said the National Hurricane Center . It had maximum sustained winds of 40 mph . A tropical storm warning was in effect for the west coast of Florida , from Boca Grande , north of Fort Myers , to the Ochlockonee River , south of Tallahassee , the hurricane center said . A tropical storm watch was issued for the U.S. East Coast as well , from Flagler Beach , Florida , up through Surf City , North Carolina . The center of Andea is forecast to reach the coast of Florida Thursday afternoon and move over southeastern Georgia and eastern South Carolina Thursday night and Friday . Little change in strength is expected over the next 48 hours . Follow the storm on CNN.com 's hurricane tracker	NEW : Storm moving north at faster rate  6 mph A storm warning is issued for parts of the Florida coast Little change in strength is forecast for the next 48 hours Andrea the first storm of the 2013 Atlantic hurricane season
DHAKA , Bangladesh  CNN  -- More than 1,000 people have died in Bangladesh after a devastating tropical cyclone ripped through the western coast of the country , and the toll is expected to rise , a government spokesman tells CNN . Families stand amid the wreckage caused by the cyclone Friday in southern Bangladesh . As flood waters recede , aid workers say they expect to find scores more bodies when remote villages are finally reached and the counting is done . They face debris-blocked roads , no electricity and almost nonexistent communications . In addition to the dead , another 15,000 were hurt and 1,000 people were missing , according to a relief official . The government said Saturday that at least 1,000 bodies had been recovered , but news media , including a United News of Bangladesh report , put the death toll at 2,000 . United News said it had reporters deployed across the cyclone region . Cyclone Sidr , with sustained winds of at least 131 mph  210 kph  , made landfall Thursday night along the western coast of Bangladesh near the border with India , unleashing floodwaters . "  We still do n't really know the extent of the damage . There are so many areas inaccessible , " World Vision spokesman Vince Edwards , who is in the capital Dhaka , told CNN . Adding to the tragedy is the loss of rice crops , normally harvested in December , Edwards said . In Dhaka -- about 200 miles north of the worst-hit region -- there were power outages , massive traffic jams and spotty phone service , CNN 's Cal Perry said from the city . "  From an infrastructure perspective , the country absolutely has been brought to its knees , " he said . Areas along the coast received the brunt of the storm , which made landfall as a Category 4 hurricane . The worst-hit districts were Patuakhali , Barguna and Jhalakathi . Sixty percent to 70 percent of homes in those areas were destroyed , according to local officials . See victims pick up the pieces after the storm " Nabiha Chowdhury , spokeswoman for the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies , said 150 fishing boats were missing . The fishermen may have been caught in the storm and were unable to return to land , she added . Chowdhury said about 600,000 people had fled , adding about two million people lived along the coast . She said the latest number of people injured was 15,000 with 1,000 missing . Sidr had weakened significantly by the time it reached eastern India Friday night -- but the hard-hit areas could flood again late in the weekend , a forecaster said . The storm was moving northeast , according to the Joint Typhoon Warning Center . "  It 's now a rainmaker , snowmaker , " as it moves to higher elevations , and winds have dropped to 35 mph to 50 mph -- below hurricane strength -- according to CNN meteorologist Kevin Corriveau . Forecasters predicted dry , clear weather with no wind in Bangladesh over the next two days , but Bangladesh was not entirely safe , Corriveau added . He said it 's possible rainfall from mountains will swell rivers , and by Sunday night or Monday the surge could reach already flooded locations in Bangladesh . "  It 's hard to say how much . They 've flooded once and could be flooded again , " Corriveau said . He said the storm sped up as it approached shore and reached land before forecasters had predicted it would . As it crossed over land , it began to weaken but still brought torrential rainfall and floods to the low-lying areas . Sidr 's powerful winds and lashing rain uprooted trees , leveled homes and even damaged buildings where residents sought shelter . Video footage from the height of the storm showed high , rolling waves along the coastal areas and winds blowing so hard palm trees were flattened . Video footage shot from a helicopter Friday showed villages flattened and large numbers of people without shelter . The U.N. World Food Programme announced it has enough high-energy biscuits to feed 400,000 people for three days . Members of the Bangladesh army and navy were trying to help . Watch how the cyclone spawns a large relief effort " U.S. military officials said Friday that Defense Secretary Robert Gates was ready to dispatch Navy vessels carrying 3,500 Marines to the region to help in recovery efforts . It is expected that the USS Kearsarge and USS Wasp would move from the Gulf of Oman . The USS Tarawa recently left Hawaii , and it could go to Bangladesh as well , officials said . The U.S. Department of State issued a written statement Friday pledging "  to work with the government and foreign donors to assist in relieving the effects of the disaster . " Department spokesman Sean McCormack said the U.S. Mission in Bangladesh , anticipating the storm , pre-positioned 16 Zodiac boats , water treatment systems , water ambulances and food for a more rapid response . Bangladesh has a long history with deadly cyclones . In 1991 , a devastating cyclone killed at least 140,000 people , according to the United Nations . And in 1970 , Cyclone Bhola struck Bangladesh -- then East Pakistan -- killing 500,000 people . The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration considers that storm to be the 20th century 's "  greatest tropical system disaster . " While the storm was one of the worst in the last hundred years to hit the country , improved warning systems and shelters have kept the number of deaths far lower than the disastrous cyclones of 1970 and 1991 , when the death tolls were in the hundreds of thousands . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Dan Rivers and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : More than 1,000 people dead , toll expected to rise , government says 15,000 people are injured following Thursday 's tropical Cyclone Sidr U.N. World Food Programme has food for 400,000 people for three days Power outages , massive traffic jams and poor phone service in Dhaka
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- A federal judge ordered 10 municipal police officers arrested Saturday in connection with the slayings of 12 off-duty federal agents in southwestern Mexico , the attorney general 's office said . The recent spate of violence was sparked by the arrest of high-ranking drug cartel member Arnoldo Rueda Medina . The federal officers ' bodies were found Tuesday on a remote highway in Michoacan state , where at least 18 federal agents and two soldiers have been killed since July 11 due to drug-related violence . Video from the scene showed three signs , known as narcomensajes , or narcomessages , left by the killers . They all stated the same thing : "  So that you come for another . We will be waiting for you here . " The officers arrested Saturday are on the police force in the city of Arteaga . Mexican President Felipe Calderon , whose home state is Michoacan , responded to the violence by dispatching 1,000 federal police officers to the area . The infusion , which more than tripled the number of federal police officers patrolling Michoacan , angered Michoacan Gov. Leonel Godoy Rangel . He called it an occupation and said he had not been consulted . Authorities said Wednesday they were searching for the governor 's half-brother , who they say is a top-ranking member of La Familia Michoacana drug cartel . The cartel is blamed for most of the recent violence in the state . The governor 's brother , Julio Cesar Godoy Toscano , was elected July 5 to the lower house of Congress . The governor has publicly urged his brother to surrender . There were no reports of his apprehension as of late Saturday . The sudden spike in violence followed the arrest July 11 of Arnoldo Rueda Medina , described as a high-ranking member of La Familia . La Familia members attacked the federal police station in Morelia to try to gain freedom for Rueda shortly after his arrest , authorities said . When that failed , cartel members attacked federal police installations in at least a half-dozen Michoacan cities . Under Mexican law , the officers arrested Saturday will be held for 40 days while officials determine whether to formally charge them .	Officers arrested Saturday are on the police force in the city of Arteaga Slain agents were found Tuesday on a remote highway in Michoacan state Governor calls infusion of federal agents in Michoacan an occupation Governor 's half-brother , said to be key figure in drug cartel , still at large
CNN  -- Navy officers knew that Aaron Alexis had been arrested in 2004 for shooting out the tires of a car -- in a blackout fueled by anger -- and yet they admitted him into the Navy and granted him security clearance anyway , a senior Naval officer told CNN . "  It appears as if investigators were aware of the incident , interviewed him and were satisfied that it did not preclude granting the clearance , " the officer said . Alexis , who killed 12 people Monday at the Washington Navy Yard , was a military contractor who used a valid identification to gain access to the secured facility , law enforcement officials said Tuesday . But experts , lawmakers and many in the media are now asking how Alexis was able to obtain that clearance , given his previous run-ins with the law -- some involving guns -- as well his checkered past in the Navy and a history of mental illness . Did government background investigations dig up the things about Alexis that news agencies managed to find out within hours ? Experts weigh in Alexis "  should have been screened out early on in his enlistment , " said one expert on Navy processes , who asked not to be identified . "  The Navy and the various entities responsible for his adjudication were either unwilling or worse unable to determine he was unfit for service in the United States Navy . " The incidents in Alexis ' past "  should have been a red flag that maybe we need to delve a little deeper into this individual , " said retired Navy Cmdr. Kirk Lippold . 2008 arrest led to Alexis ' Navy discharge And private experts told CNN Alexis should n't have kept his clearance . "  In all of my experience with this , he absolutely should not have gotten a clearance . Anybody that I 've encountered with any kind -- even half of this record -- does not get a clearance , " said private attorney Sheldon Cohen , who specializes in clearance cases . The gun arrests alone should have disqualified him , Cohen said . A checkered past The shooter at the Washington Navy Yard had a "  pattern of misconduct " as a Navy reservist and sporadic run-ins with the law , and had contacted two Veterans Affairs hospitals for apparent psychological issues , sources have told CNN . Alexis told police he was hearing voices At around 8 in the morning on May 6 , 2004 , Alexis used his Glock to shoot out two of the tires of a 1986 Honda Accord near a Seattle , Washington , home where Alexis was residing . He was ultimately arrested and charged with "  malicious mischief . " Alexis said that the owners of the car "  had disrespected him " and that , he claimed , led "  to what Alexis described as a ` black-out ' fueled by anger , " according to the police report . Alexis also was arrested on a gun-related offense in 2010 as well as on a disorderly charge in 2008 , but he was never prosecuted . Also , although he was honorably discharged as a Navy reservist , he had at least eight instances of misconduct while on duty , according to a US defense official . So why was he given clearance ? "  The way it happens is a poor background check , " says Tim Clemente , a former FBI counterterrorism agent . Navy officials are going back to see if his clearance should have been pulled . "  We 're looking at his entire service record , " Navy spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby told CNN 's The Situation Room . "  See what red flags , if any , were missed , and if there 's an accounting to be done . " How clearance works Contractors can receive three levels of clearance : confidential , secret and top secret . Alexis had secret clearance , the middle category . Navy Yard shooting : What we know and do n't know A Defense Department office oversees clearance . Applicants fill out a very long form , which asks about any contact with police , charges and convictions . The form also asks about mental instability . Interviews with applicants follow . Before obtaining clearance as a contractor , Alexis would have theoretically been investigated by the Office of Personnel Management and ultimately granted clearance by "  DONCAF " -- the Department of the Navy 's Central Adjudication Facility , in Fort Meade , Maryland . An official at DONCAF refused to comment , referring CNN to the Pentagon . Kirby told CNN he could n't speak for DONCAF or its process , but Alexis "  passed a routine security clearance back in 2007 when he enlisted . It was good for 10 years . " As a reservist Alexis was exempted from the periodic reinvestigation of clearance that active duty officers go through every 4Â 1/2 years , or the polygraphs they go through every 2Â 1/2 years . "  We 're doing the forensics now to better understand if and how that clearance was reviewed , " Kirby said . "  If we need to account for missed flags , we will . While not a stellar sailor , nothing Alexis did gave us an indication that he was capable of this brutal level of violence against people . " ` Secret ' clearance granted in March 2008 Alexis was given a "  secret " security clearance in March 2008 , shortly after he joined the Navy in 2007 . He carried that clearance with him when he was honorably discharged in 2011 , Kirby said , and could use it in another position so long as he is hired within two years . Alexis was hired by a company called The Experts in September 2012 to work on a HP contract in Japan refreshing computer systems . "  Because he was n't out of work very long before this next job the security clearance went with him , " Kirby said . "  We 're taking a look at all the run-ins with the law if anything should have been done differently . " The initial background investigation on Alexis was done by the Naval Criminal Investigative Service , Kirby said . A Defense Department statement issued Tuesday night said "  according to applicable federal investigative standards , an individual with Mr. Alexis ' non-critical level of eligibility would only need to be reinvestigated once every 10 years . " The Experts issued a statement saying Alexis was properly screened . "  We enlisted a service to perform two background checks , and we confirmed twice through the Department of Defense his Secret government clearance , " the statement said . "  The latest background check and security clearance confirmation were in late June of 2013 and revealed no issues other than one minor traffic violation . " With security clearance , Alexis worked from September 2012 through January in Japan . His clearance was renewed in July , and he worked at facilities in Rhode Island , North Carolina and Virginia for weeks at a time upgrading computer systems , according to Thomas E. Hoshko , CEO of The Experts . No one reported having any problems with him , Hoshko said . Alexis began working at the Navy Yard last week , though it was unclear whether he had actually begun doing work or was still securing his base clearance , Hoshko said . Lawmakers react The possible red flags that went unnoticed have members of Congress outraged -- with promises to fix what they say could be gaping holes in the system . "  We are so reliant on military contractors " that the vetting is key to our national security , Sen. Susan Collins told CNN . Collins , a Republican who serves on the Senate Intelligence Committee , said she now questions "  the kind of vetting contractors do . " Washington needs a lot more answers , " Rep. Eleanor Holmes Norton , D-District of Columbia , told CNN Tuesday . Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire , is asking for a hearing to examine problems the shooting at the Navy Yard highlighted . "  In the wake of this tragedy , we must thoroughly review and fix deficiencies within existing federal contracting hiring practices that the alleged Washington Navy Yard gunman exposed and exploited to ensure the safety of the rest of our service familyâ $ " servicemembers , civilian workers , and contractors , alike , " Ayotte said . Government relies on contractors In the 12 years since the September 11 attacks , the United States has ramped up contracting to support new defense and intelligence efforts . And contractors are a major reason the federal government can operate today as its workforce shrinks . According to statistics , last year it spent more than $ 500 billion -- or roughly 14 % of the federal budget -- on private-sector contracts . That does n't include many contracts awarded by the National Security Agency and other intelligence agencies , which keep their spending classified . There are already moves in Congress to tighten the security clearance system . Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida is a co-sponsor of a bill to force government agencies asking for the background checks of potential clearance holders to increase oversight and to fire investigators who falsify those investigations . Because of the rise in number of contractors , federal agencies often farm out background check investigations before deciding whether to grant security clearance . While the process is supposed to be the same whether it is done by a government or private sector employee , some experts question whether that is the case . One of the largest private firms that specializes in these investigations , USIS , which did former NSA contractor Edward Snowden 's background check , is under investigation , according to an official from the Office of Personnel Management who testified before Congress in June . Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , said at the hearing her staff had been informed of the company 's "  systemic failure to adequately conduct investments under its contract " with OPM . USIS has not commented on the investigation . Broader review planned The issue of contractors also has the attention of the Obama administration . Because of the leaks from Snowden , the Director of National Intelligence was already examining who should have access to classified materials . Now officials say there will be a broader review of contractors and employees across all federal agencies . This review will look at the oversight , nature and implementation of security protections as well as looking at whether these employees and contractors are suited to work for the federal government , an administration official told CNN . "  I can tell you at the President 's direction  the Office of Management and Budget  is examining standards for contractors and employees across federal agencies . So this is obviously a matter the President believes and has believed merits review , " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters Tuesday . Stan Soloway , president and CEO of the Professional Services Council -- the trade association for contractors -- told CNN that "  contract employees and government employees go through the same process . " He argues that the focus now should not be on how Alexis got his security clearance , but "  what are the procedures for access to facilities . ... How do you get into the building with a gun ? " CNN 's Drew Griffin , Mariano Castillo , Dugald McConnell and Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report .	NEW : The Navy was aware of Aaron Alexis ' 2004 arrest and granted him clearance anyway NEW : Expert : Alexis "  should have been screened out early on in his enlistment " Alexis had at least eight incidents of misconduct in the Navy , a defense official says Lawmakers ask why the alleged gunman 's past did n't prevent his security clearance
Phnom Penh , Cambodia  CNN  -- I visited the Cambodian Stock Exchange  CSX  last September in the heart of Phnom Penh . It had officially "  opened " a few months prior but no companies were listed yet . The trading room was filled with new desks and computer monitors , waiting for someone to power them on . Fast forward seven months and the stock exchange is now starting to breathe signs of life -- there is now one company trading on the exchange . On April 18 , the Cambodian Stock Exchange started trading with the IPO of the state utility company , "  Phnom Penh Water Supply Authority . " As a frontier market , Cambodia is still a work in progress . The government is trying to woo international investors by throwing open its doors and virtually saying , "  We will make it easy for you . " There are no capital controls . No requirements for joint ventures . International companies can own 100 % of their local business in Cambodia . The only major restriction is on foreign ownership of land . With a young labor force that commands cheaper wages than China , Cambodia has been looking attractive to foreign companies . Despite these incentives , there are many challenges for the new stock exchange : Challenge # 1 : Short-term Investors Even with just one company trading , the exchange generated a lot of interest among local and foreign investors . In the first three days of trading , the share price for the water utility rose 60 % above its IPO price , but by the following week , short term-investors started selling to take in profits . The stock price came down substantially . "  It 's kind of a typical phenomenon for a new exchange . It happened in the Laos market and Vietnam 's market . It is no surprise to me , " says KT Han , managing director of Tongyang Securities which was the sole underwriter of the IPO . "  Some people made a 50 % profit within a few days . They tend to be short sighted by this fluctuation in price and it will take some time for them to understand the market and make long-term investments . " Challenge # 2 : More Companies Need to List You need more than one company to make a stock exchange thrive . Laos ' stock market opened in January 2011 and it still has only two companies trading . The volume of trade is fairly stagnant . That 's exactly what investors do n't want to see with the Cambodian Stock Exchange . Another company , Telecom Cambodia , is preparing its IPO later this year . "  I do n't see any reason why eventually you ca n't have a dozen companies trading on the stock exchange . A lot of the big banks are listable , " says Scott Lewis , chief investment officer of Leopard Capital which invests in pre-emerging markets . "  I know some brokers have mandates from garment manufacturers  to prepare to list  . " He also believes the success of the Cambodian Stock Exchange can have a nice domino effect . If it starts to hum , brokers will publish research on both Cambodian and Laos stock exchange-listed companies , generating interest in the region . The key is to get more companies to list and greater volume trading . Challenge # 3 : Proper Accounting In order for a company to list on the CSX , it must have at least three years of proper audits prepared by an accredited international accounting firm approved by the Cambodian government . This is a tough challenge for many local , Cambodian companies . When I was in Cambodia last September , one analyst told me that he could n't think of one large Cambodian company that had audited financial statements . So it will take time for some local companies to get up to speed . Challenge # 4 : Volatility of a Frontier Market The government is doing its best to showcase the stock exchange . In one of the busiest traffic intersections of Phnom Penh , there is a large stock market television screen that shows the stock market moves . It generates interest among individual retail investors who can watch the stock price as they sit in traffic . Institutional investors from Japan , Korea and China have also taken a bite of the recent IPO but whether that interest can be sustained is still a big question . Cambodia is new to the game . Risk and volatility are inherent in a frontier market . Corruption is a concern even though the government passed an anti-corruption law in 2010 . Han is very frank about the risks . "  In general , the lack of a capital market infrastructure can be a challenge for investors , " he says . "  The cost of capacity building can be a challenge for investors who are not familiar with a market like Cambodia . In terms of corporate governance  e.g. accounting , business ethics  , there 's a long way to go for local family-owned businesses . But once you understand the market here , there can be more opportunity than risk . "	The Cambodian Stock Exchange started trading with one company on April 18 There are neither capital controls nor requirements for joint ventures But despite incentives , the stock exchange faces many challenges
CNN  -- Japan 's cabinet on Friday approved a $ 49 billion budget to help in the reconstruction of areas decimated by last month 's earthquake and tsunami . The Disaster Relief Fund will pay for removal of rubble and debris , temporary housing , rebuilding of roads , farms , airports and schools , and loans to small - and medium-sized businesses . Seeking to turn the nation 's focus to the arduous task of rebuilding , Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan last week invoked the imagery of his country 's recovery from World War II . "  We must renew the determination that we had in the post-World War II reconstruction period , and we must tackle the task of reconstruction after this earthquake , " he said . The devastation left behind by the March 11 earthquake is an opportunity to build "  a new , better future than before , " said the prime minister , who was born in 1946 -- a year after the end of the war . Kan said the Japanese people "  stood up bravely and achieved a reconstruction that amazed the world . " The fund is only expected to cover a fraction of the total cost of recovery . The double disaster could cost Japan 's government in excess of $ 305 billion , Deputy Finance Minister Mitsuru Sakurai told reporters last month . The monster 9.0-magnitude quake that rocked the country also spawned a tsunami , leaving nearly 28,000 people dead or missing . CNN 's Steven Jiang contributed to this report .	Last month 's monster quake spawned a tsunami and left nearly 28,000 people dead or missing Prime Minister : Japan must renew the determination of post-World War II reconstruction The Disaster Relief Fund will pay for rebuilding , cleanup and debris removal Japan is budgeting $ 49 billion for reconstruction
Washington  CNN  -- After three days of very public debate , the U.S. Supreme Court now retreats from the spotlight to make decisions that could topple some or all of the the sweeping health care reform bill championed by President Barack Obama . Oral arguments concluded Wednesday on legal challenges to the 2010 Affordable Care Act . In their final sessions , the justices tackled the question of what would happen if they ruled that the heart of the law , the individual mandate that is its key funding mechanism , was unconstitutional . The six hours of hearings over three days provided an extended public view of the high court in action on one of the most controversial issues of the day , touching on legal concepts involving federal and state powers , individual rights and legislative intent . High court listens to arguments on Medicaid expansion At stake is the survival of the signature legislation of Obama 's presidency as he seeks re-election in November : the health care reform law that requires most Americans to have health coverage as part of a systemic overhaul intended to lower costs . The justices looked at procedural issues Monday and then tackled the heart of the law Tuesday , the constitutionality of the individual mandate that requires people to get health coverage or pay a fine . High court divided over health care mandate At issue Wednesday morning was whether all the law 's 450 or so provisions would have to be scrapped if the individual mandate were found unconstitutional . A separate session Wednesday afternoon looked at whether states would be "  coerced " by the federal government to expand their share of Medicaid costs and administration by the risk of losing federal funding if they refuse . To CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin , the questioning by justices Wednesday signaled they are ready to invalidate the individual mandate , a step he said could put the entire law in jeopardy . "  I think the individual mandate is gone , based on the questioning , " Toobin said after the morning session . "  It sure looks like there are at least five votes to get rid of ... the individual mandate . " Listen to oral arguments in the historic case White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the Obama administration remained confident its signature health care law is constitutional . Anyone who tries to predict the outcome of the case based on the questions justices asked during this week 's arguments "  is not a very good student of the Supreme Court , " Earnest told reporters , adding that Justice Department lawyers faced similar tough questions from conservative judges in lower courts that later upheld the law "  in at least a couple of these cases . " However , some of the attorneys general of states opposing the health care law said the three days of arguments showed the justices had serious concerns about the law . "  What we 've heard over the last few days is a growing concern from our Supreme Court justices about , perhaps , the federal government has gone too far at the expense of individual liberty and our states ' rights , " said South Dakota Attorney General Marty J. Jackley . Even though the health care law 's individual mandate appeared to be on shaky legal ground , few on the court seemed eager to take the drastic step of throwing out the rest of the legislation . Read a transcript of Wednesday 's arguments "  There are so many things in this act that are unquestionably OK , " said Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , citing many provisions not directly related to market reforms such as Native American health care . "  Why make Congress redo those ? I mean it 's a question of whether we say everything you do is no good , now start from scratch . " Added Justice Elena Kagan , "  Half a loaf is better than no loaf , " meaning some provisions would survive . However , lawyer Paul Clement , arguing for opponents of the law , told the justices that removing such a central provision of the law as the individual mandate would leave "  sort of a hollow shell " that never would have passed Congress in such a diminished form . In addition , conservative justices appeared in no mood to pick and choose what to uphold in the rest of the law . "  You want us to go through 2,700 pages " of the law ? asked Justice Antonin Scalia . "  Is this not totally unrealistic ... to go through one by one and decide each one ? " Supreme Court , health care and one little girl Justice Anthony Kennedy said he was reluctant to take on this "  awesome exercise of judicial power , " at the expense of congressional discretion . This week 's hearings were among the most politically charged and closely watched in years , with dueling protests and news conferences outside the court building every day on what is likely to be a central issue of the November presidential election . Overheard on CNN.com : Readers react to hearings Rep. Michele Bachmann , R-Minnesota , a staunch opponent of the health care law , said Wednesday the entire measure falls apart if the Supreme Court invalidates the individual mandate . "  The individual mandate would be the funding stream that makes all of the rest of the act work , " Bachmann said . If it gets ruled unconstitutional , then who pays for all the other provisions in the 2,700-page bill ? she asked . Supporters argued that under legal precedent set by the court , the full health care law should be ruled constitutional . "  For the court to strike down this law would be to presume the powers of the Congress and abandon its role as an impartial and deliberate decider of constitutional law , " said Sen. Richard Blumenthal , D-Connecticut . Another Senate Democrat , John Kerry of Massachusetts , acknowledged that supporters are looking at all possible outcomes . "  There is discussion quietly among some people about ` what ifs , ' but there is no overall , you know , plan in place because I think that people have confidence the court will do the right thing , " Kerry said . CNN 's guide to the arguments With the legal survival of the individual mandate in constitutional jeopardy , the question of "  severability , " whether the rest of the law can stand if one part is invalidated , has become more important . All of this may be moot . If the court decides the mandate is constitutional -- even in a narrowly tailored way -- it will not even bother to take up the severability question presented Wednesday . In the morning arguments , the clearly divided court expressed concern over whether Congress would have passed the broad reform package without the key funding mechanism , the mandate , firmly in place . However , several of the justices seemed ready to let lawmakers eventually sort out the specific funding questions with or without the mandate . With the public debate now complete , the justices will likely gather as a group in a closed-door conference over the next few days and actually decide on the four health care appeals . Going one-by-one in order of seniority , they will all be thinking of the number five , which is how many votes it will take to achieve a majority . Two families , two viewpoints on health care reform Once the tallies are sorted out , opinions will be assigned to individuals to craft over the next three months . What the court says in these written opinions , how it interprets the Constitution , will be far more important than what was said in the oral arguments this week . The rulings may be in essence how legislators , individual Americans and history will judge these justices . Wednesday 's cases gave the administration another chance to regain the rhetorical offensive and defend the entire law 's validity . Many legal observers concluded the Obama administration 's solicitor general , Donald Verrilli Jr. , did little to boost the individual mandate 's constitutionality in two hours of intense arguments Tuesday . The questioning of Verrilli 's performance was so widespread that the White House issued a statement Wednesday defending him . "  Mr. Verrilli is an extraordinarily talented advocate who possesses a sharp mind , keen judgment and unquestionable integrity , " said the statement by White House Counsel Kathryn Ruemmler . "  He ably and skillfully represented the United States before the Supreme Court yesterday , and we have every confidence that he will continue to do so . " Wednesday 's first argument dealt with severability , but most court watchers think of it as the "  domino effect " issue -- if the individual mandate section is ruled unconstitutional , must the entire law collapse as well ? A federal judge in Florida had so ruled in February 2011 , saying : "  Because the individual mandate is unconstitutional and not severable , the entire act must be declared void . " However , a federal appeals court subsequently overruled on the severability question while upholding the individual mandate 's unconstitutionality . Opponents of the law say the individual mandate is crucial to its overall impact , since it is the main funding mechanism for the expansion of a range of other programs . This might be the one question on which the justices will ultimately agree in favor of the government . The high court and election-year blockbusters Later came the Medicaid "  coercion " question , which can be seen as the "  national policy implications " issue . Through this issue , the long-standing fight over "  federalism " and the leverage the national government wields over states might soon reach epic levels with a high court decision either strengthening or limiting congressional authority on this and potentially a host of other regulatory areas . The cases argued Wednesday were National Federation of Business v. Sebelius  11-393  and Florida v. Department of Health and Human Services  11-400  . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Three days of hearings on health care reform end at Supreme Court The individual mandate is in doubt , a CNN legal analyst says A key question : Must the law be scrapped if one part of it is invalidated ? The White House says it believes the health care law will be upheld
CNN  -- The European Court of Human Rights declined Monday to rule on the key points of a claim against Russia by relatives of victims of the 1940 Katyn massacre , but did rebuke Russia for refusing to hand over all of its files on the incident . The court said it did not have the authority to rule on whether Russia had deprived the victims of their right to life because the World War II massacre happened before Russia joined the European Convention on Human Rights . Russian lawmakers say Stalin ordered massacre of Polish soldiers It also said the facts of the massacre were well established as a matter of historical record . The World War II massacre , in which an estimated 20,000 Polish officers were murdered at point blank in the village of Katyn , tainted Russian-Polish relations . For decades , the Soviet government blamed the killings on Nazi Germany . Read more : Why Poland 's grief is doubled In 1990 , Russia finally admitted to what many in Poland had long suspected : The Soviet Union secretly murdered as many as 22,000 Polish soldiers and civilians in the early days of World War II in an attempt to pre-emptively suppress a Polish rebellion against communist rule . That year , Russian prosecutors also launched a criminal case into the killings , but that case was closed in 2004 . Since then , the country has handed over some investigation files to Polish officials .	Court says it does n't have authority to rule because incident timeline 20,000 Polish soldiers are murdered at point blank
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama gave the go-ahead for U.S. forces to raid a northern Pakistan housing compound based on "  what was probably a 50-50 chance that Osama bin Laden was there , " his national security adviser said . "  It was a circumstantial case ... But what he had 100 percent confidence in was the ability of our special forces to execute the mission , " Tom Donilon told CNN 's Candy Crowley on Saturday , part of an interview that aired Sunday on "  State of the Union . " On April 28 , Obama attended the last of several National Security Council meetings focused on finding and going after the al Qaeda leader . During that meeting , some advocated for the commando raid while others advised against it , Donilon said , given there had been no clear-cut sightings of bin Laden by that point . "  He had gotten divided counsel , and that happens a lot in these things , as you would imagine , " Donilon said . After a night 's sleep , Obama told Donilon at 8:20 a.m. the next day to draft the order for the raid . By Sunday evening -- which was early Monday morning in Pakistan -- the 38-minute mission was over , the 25-strong U.S. team having flown out of the country along with bin Laden 's dead body . Like other Obama administration officials , Donilon applauded the decision and its end result of knocking out the No. 1 man on the FBI 's "  Most Wanted Terrorist " list . He called it "  the single biggest achievement we 've ever had " in the fight against al Qaeda . Especially as they continue poring through voluminous material taken from the complex , U.S. authorities are more convinced than ever that bin Laden had a significant operational and strategic role , not to mention a key symbolic one , in the terrorist network . His death , said Donilon , is a major blow to al Qaeda . "  At the end of last year , we assessed that al Qaeda had been diminished ... to its weakest since 2001 , " said the security adviser , who previously served in the administrations of presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton . "  And they took a very big step back Sunday . " One reason for that assessment is what Donilon called the "  extraordinary " amount of intelligence that U.S. special forces were able to take from the Abbottabad compound . A multi-agency task force is currently poring through those documents , computer hard drives and other materials -- intermittently releasing information including five videotapes featuring bin Laden that came out Saturday . "  This is the largest cache of information gotten from a senior terrorist -- gotten from any terrorist in one operation , " Donilon said , calling the amount of seized material about equal to "  the size of a small college library . " Despite doubts from some conspiracy theorists , al Qaeda itself has admitted that bin Laden was killed . That means that his deputy , Egyptian doctor and radical Ayman al-Zawahiri , will rise to the top of the FBI list , according to Donilon , even as U.S. and allied forces continue their efforts to find him and other al Qaeda leaders . Last week , CIA Director Leon Panetta  who Obama has nominated to succeed Robert Gates as defense secretary  told House members during a closed-door briefing that Pakistan was "  either involved or incompetent , " according to two sources in attendance . There have been no indications Pakistani authorities knew about or acted upon knowledge that bin Laden was living in the same town as one of its top military academies . Donilon did not suggest Pakistani authorities knew the al Qaeda leader lived in the city , about 30 miles  50 kilometers  north of the capital Islamabad , or that they somehow harbored him . He said , "  I have not seen any evidence , at least to date , that the political , military or intelligence apparatus knew about the presence of Osama bin Laden . " Yet U.S. authorities are troubled by the fact that the al Qaeda leader could stay there "  for six years or so " undetected , said Donilon . "  We 'll clearly be working with  Pakistani authorities  to understand how we got to this point , " he said . Donilon noted Pakistan 's active role in tracking down terrorists , calling them a "  very important partner " despite the existence of some "  differences " with U.S. authorities . He said , "  If we find things ... that are highly disturbing , we 'll certainly press that " -- though he expected that Islamabad and Washington would continue to work together . "  We need to look at this in a calm and cool way , " Donilon said , adding , "  a relationship with Pakistan , given everything we have at stake in that region , is an important relationship . "	National Security Adviser Tom Donilon says Obama got "  divided counsel " on raid Relying on a "  circumstantial case , " the president gave the go-ahead the next morning Donilon says the amount of intel gathered is "  about the size of a college library " He says there 's no evidence Pakistani authorities knew that bin Laden was there
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A blast at a busy market in northwest Pakistan killed at least 35 people and wounded more than 60 Tuesday , an official said . The explosion occurred in the Jamrud Market in the Khyber Agency , one of seven districts in Pakistan 's volatile tribal region , which borders Afghanistan . The bomb was placed in a vehicle belonging to a local militia group fighting against militants in the area , said Jameel Khan , a government official . The bomb was then remotely detonated , he said , citing the initial investigation . The U.S. Embassy in Islamabad condemned the bombing . "  By targeting innocent people going about their business , the extremists who plan and perpetrate these attacks show their contempt for the value of human life , " an embassy statement said . Journalist Saboor Khattak contributed to this report	The Khyber Agency is one of seven districts in Pakistan 's volatile tribal region The bomb was placed in a vehicle and remotely detonated , an official says
CNN  -- Malawi welcomed Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for a regional trade meeting Thursday over the objections of the International Criminal Court and human rights activists . Al-Bashir is wanted by the court in The Hague , Netherlands , for alleged war crimes . He arrived in Malawi for the annual summit of the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa  COMESA  . Human Rights Watch had urged Malawi authorities to arrest al-Bashir or ban his entry into the country . Malawi ratified the Rome Statute , which created the court , and as such , it is obliged to arrest him . "  Al-Bashir is an international fugitive wanted on charges of genocide and other heinous crimes committed in Darfur , " said Elise Keppler , international justice senior counsel at Human Rights Watch . "  As an International Criminal Court member , Malawi should arrest him , not host him . " The court issued a warrant for al-Bashir for alleged crimes in the troubled region of Darfur in March , 2009 . Human Rights Watch said a number of al-Bashir 's anticipated visits to both member and non-member countries have been canceled following public outcry . However , last year , Kenya allowed al-Bashir into the country to attend the signing ceremonies for Kenya 's new constitution . The government defended its decision not to arrest al-Bashir by saying Kenya 's first obligation was to the African Union , not the International Criminal Court . The European Union foreign policy chief also expressed concern over the visit . "  The European Union is a staunch supporter of the ICC and the fight against impunity , " Catherine Ashton said in a statement Friday . "  The Court is a valuable instrument of the international community to ensure that there is no impunity for the most serious crimes of international concern ; genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes must not go unpunished and their prosecution must be ensured by measures at both domestic and international level . "	Human Rights Watch urged Malawai to arrest Omar al-Bashir Sudan 's president is wanted for alleged war crimes in Darfur The International Criminal Court argues member nations are obligated to turn him in
CNN  -- As Amanda Knox left prison , a free woman for the first time in four years , many were left wondering how someone they 've been told was responsible for a bloody murder could walk free . For four years , people have been hearing how "  Foxy Knoxy , " an "  angel-faced killer , " led her rich Italian boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito and a "  drifter " named Rudy Guede into a "  sex game gone wrong " the night after Halloween 2007 , finally stabbing British exchange student Meredith Kercher to death with a kitchen knife . Through the course of a trial and an appeal , it became clear that the police had no material evidence for this theory and no plausible witnesses . Our obsession with female evil , our fascination with the possibility of a depraved criminal hiding behind a pretty face , drove the coverage of this case , eliciting innuendo as fact , and excluding at least half of the narrative . Only the most die-hard crime story aficionados even know the name Rudy Guede , who was already in jail for Kercher 's murder . Even as Knox returned to Seattle , people around the world , especially in Italy , will never be convinced she is anything other than a sexual psychotic who bewitched two men into killing for her in the name of lust . KING : Amanda Knox returns to Seattle I began researching my book on the case in 2009 assuming that Knox was guilty . But after only a month in Italy , I realized that almost no evidence supported the charge . Eventually , I corresponded with Knox in prison . The young woman I interacted with seemed troubled by her incarceration , a bit detached and naive , but overall not much different from other women her age . During my investigation , I came to realize that even though three people were convicted of killing Kercher , most people I met who were not reporters could only recall the name of the woman . KIRO : Seattle reacts to Knox 's release None of the journalists in the huge pack in Perugia over the years made any but the most casual efforts to uncover the life story and habits of small-time break-in artist Rudy Guede , whose fingerprints were in the murder room , who never denied being there as Kercher was bleeding to death , and who has been convicted of murdering her in a separate trial . His own story -- an immigrants ' son , adopted and then disowned by one of the richest families in Perugia , suffering from fugue states and sleep-walking -- makes him one of the more interesting characters in the case . His past criminal history involving break-ins certainly made him worthy of more study , but no one was inclined to pursue his tale . One reason for the focus on "  Foxy Knoxy " to the exclusion of the men is the Italian attitude toward women . The story is rooted in a spirituality based in sex and the worship of the female . In Italy , the word "  veneration " comes from Venus , goddess of fertility , called in Italian , Venere . The primeval object of "  veneration " was the goddess with the power to call forth desire from men , and to make barren women fertile . In modern Italy , one feminine deity is venerated above the rest : Mary , the mother of Jesus . The young virgin is worshipped apart from God or Christ and the Mary cult is stronger in Italy than in any other European nation . The flip side to Italian veneration of the female deity is her legendary insatiable neediness , the voracious desire and jealousy of females , embodied in the whore , who is also still very much a part of modern Italian culture . Either incarnation carries terrible powers . All women are assumed to be in possession of bewitching seductive powers , but proper women are assumed to know how to use control and limit those powers . Modern young women visiting Italy might not recognize those limits , though , because the stripper or girly show girl was so mainstreamed in Italy , especially during the years of Silvio Berlusconi 's control of Italian television and politics . Perugia 's Madonna delle Grazie in the Duomo is a larger-than-life , clearly pregnant young woman , painted in 1515 by one of Perugia 's Renaissance greats . She wears a brocade blue dress , and her pale eyes are strangely distant and slightly uneven . Perugians hundreds of years ago adorned her image with a real crown . Prosecutor Giuliano Mignini , a staunch traditional Catholic , kept her image hanging on the wall behind his desk and spoke of how she had helped his uncle escape from certain death at the hands of the Russians in the 1940s . The Madonna has a pale , heart-shaped face , tiny pert nose , light distant eyes , and small perfect mouths . Knox bears an uncanny resemblance to both of them . The hippie soccer player from 21st century Seattle could have been the Renaissance artist 's model . Many forces abetted the confusion over this very simple if horrible crime , which was almost surely a robbery gone wrong . Superstition , shoddy police work , cultural and actual mistranslation were among those forces . The sexuality of the female at the center of the narrative was one of them . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Nina Burleigh .	Nina Burleigh : The focus was on ` Foxy Knoxy , ' even though two men were also convicted She says reporters virtually ignored story of Rudy Guede , the man in jail for the murder The treatment of Amanda Knox was rooted in the Italian attitude toward women , she writes Burleigh : In Italy , many see women as Madonna or whore , with terrible powers over men
When we imagine the robots of the future , they often look and move like humans , standing up on two legs and using a pair of arms to grab and move objects . NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory is working on a different kind of robot for disaster response that 's designed to move like an ape . Headless but covered with seven cameras that act as "  eyes , " the RobotSimian has four identical limbs that do double duty as arms and legs . Together , they ably move the robot across rough terrain and rubble but can also pick up and manipulate objects . It has wheels it can coast on if the surface is smooth enough . The RoboSimian is JPL 's final entry into the DARPA Robotics Challenge , a 27-month-long competition among some of the world 's top robotic talent to create an emergency response robot . In situations such as a nuclear disaster , one of these robots could go into environments too dangerous for human rescue workers and execute simple tasks such as lifting debris off survivors or turning off a valve . In June , RoboSimian and up to 18 other finalists will have to make their way through an obstacle course that simulates eight common scenarios . Each robot will attempt to drive a car , move across rubble , use a tool and climb stairs , all without a human controlling it . DARPA says the final competitors should be as competent as a 2-year-old child . The winning team will receive a $ 2 million prize . JPL used leftover parts from RoboSimian to create another robot called Surrogate . The more traditional upright robot has a flexible spine , head and two arms . While better at manipulating objects , Surrogate ran on tracks and was n't as adept at traversing the complicated terrain that is common in a disaster . After considering both candidates , the team decided to take RoboSimian to the finals . One trade-off is that RoboSiman is slower than many other competitors . JPL 's team is working with the University of California , Santa Barbara , and Caltech to increase the robot 's walking speed . "  It is intentionally the tortoise relative to the other hares in the competition . We feel that a very stable and deliberate approach suites our technical strengths and provides a model for one vital element of the ` ecosystem ' of robots that we expect to be deployed to disaster scenarios in the future , " said JPL 's Brett Kennedy , who is supervisor of the Robotic Vehicles and Manipulators Group . The Jet Propulsion Laboratory is most known for designing robotics for space exploration , such as the Mars rovers . But the DARPA competition was an opportunity for the JPL group to take its existing robotics research and compare approaches directly to other talented teams . NASA also has a long history of taking technology developed for space exploration and using it here on Earth . RoboSimian software was influenced by programs used to control the Mars rovers . In both cases , the system is designed to let the robots work as autonomously as possible when communication with a human operator is dropped . Spotty communications are common in disaster scenarios  and on Mars  . The team has thought hard about all aspects of RoboSimian 's design , even making sure it has the right look . "  We included industrial designers in the team in an effort to create a robot that looked professional rather than either threatening or overly cute , " said Kennedy . "  Basically , we wanted the perceptual equivalent of a St. Bernard . " While JPL is focused on perfecting the ape-like design for Earth-bound applications for now , this is just one stop in the circular life of NASA technology . "  We intend to spin the technologies developed for the terrestrial RoboSimian back out to applications in space , " said Kennedy . "  These tasks include assembly and maintenance of orbital structures ; exploration of low-gravity bodies like asteroids , comets , and moons ; exploration of caves and cliffs on Mars or our moon ; and even preconstruction of habitats wherever humans care to venture in the solar system . "	NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory has designed the ape-like robot RoboSimian The disaster-response robot is competing in the DARPA Robotics Challenge finals RoboSimian has four limbs , no head and multiple cameras
CNN  -- A locksmith hired to help in the process of evicting a California tenant was shot dead , along with the sheriff 's deputy serving the eviction notice , police said Friday . In addition to the two men shot dead , a lone body has been found inside the charred ruins of the Modesto , California , apartment building , Modesto police Officer Chris Adams told CNN on Friday . He did not say definitively that this was the same person being sought out for the eviction notice , adding that it could take days or weeks to positively identify the body . But he did say that police are no longer looking for any suspects in the case . The incident actually began Thursday morning , when Stanislaus County Sheriff 's Department Robert Paris , 53 , tried to serve an eviction notice at an apartment when a gunman opened fire . Paris , a 16-year veteran of the department , was shot dead . So , too , was Glendon Engert , a 35-year-old locksmith hired by the apartment complex 's management company to get access to the unit as part of the eviction process , said Adams . The suspect locked himself into the home after the shootings , starting a standoff that lasted more than 10 hours . After 10 p.m. local time Thursday , a fire erupted from the apartment and flames could be seen shooting from the roof . The fire ignited after authorities threw flash grenades and tear gas into the apartment to try to flush the shooter out , Stanislaus County Sheriff Adam Christianson told reporters . CNN 's Greg Morrision contributed to this report .	NEW : A locksmith helping in the eviction process was shot dead , police say NEW : An unidentified body was found inside the burned apartment building NEW : A police officer says authorities are not looking for any suspects in the case A sheriff 's deputy was fatally shot while trying to serve an eviction notice in Modesto
CNN  -- Smoke rises from the marbled beef sizzling over the table grill . One man turns the meat , joining in with the animated conversation already underway , each barely allowing his friend to finish his sentence before offering his own opinion . It 's a scene replicated across Seoul every lunch time , but these five men have something particular in common . They all risked their lives to escape the hardships of their home country North Korea and have all now settled in the South . Read more : Power consolidation in North Korea The topic that has ignited such passion today is China and its ongoing leadership change . All five agree China has been too forgiving of North Korean behavior and human rights abuses in the past , but they are split as to whether that will change with fresh blood at the helm in Beijing . Xi Jinping is widely tipped to lead China for the next ten years . Seo Jae Pyoung , Secretary-General of the Committee for the Democratization of North Korea says his initial dealings with Kim Jong Un , the young North Korean leader , will be watched closely . Opinion : Why China wo n't turn the other cheek over foreign policy "  The relationship between Xi and Kim Jong Un will definitely be different compared to the previous relationship between former leaders and the Kim Il Sung or Kim Jong Il regime . The Chinese government may support North Korea financially , but I believe it will require a policy of reform and opening up from North Korea . " Kim Seung Chul disagrees . The President of North Korea Reform Radio says , "  I think the new Chinese leadership will be even more aggressive in supporting North Korea and using it as a strong card against South Korea and Japan . If we ignore this , tensions in Northeast Asia will not get any better . " China 's young talent : To stay or to go China sees North Korean defectors not as refugees but as illegal economic migrants . If they are caught by Chinese border guards , they are arrested and often sent back to North Korea . This practice is internationally condemned as human rights groups say the defectors face harsh treatment and even death when they return . All five of these defectors risked their lives traveling through China to try and make it ultimately to South Korea . But could this policy change ? "  China is a member of the United Nations refugee convention but does not allow the UN to help refugees , " says Kang Chol Hwan who works as a journalist . Kang survived ten years as a child in a brutal North Korean labor camp and wrote a book , The Aquariums of Pyongyang , about his experiences . He does not believe China will soften its policy towards defectors . "  The UN is giving into pressure from China , and the US is not interested . Both need to put pressure on China , only then will something change . " CNN 's K.J. Kwon and journalist Jungeun Kim contributed to this report .	Defectors disagree on what China 's new leaders mean for North Korea They criticize China 's policy towards refugees from the dictatorship One of the defectors spent childhood years in a forced labor camp
CNN  -- Is there anything Jennifer Lawrence ca n't do ? Actually , yes : She 's not the best when it comes to singing . The Oscar winner admitted to David Letterman on his "  Late Show " on Wednesday that she has a huge fear of singing in front of other people , and it all goes back to the time she sang a holiday song in front of her school as an 8-year-old . "  I do not like singing in front of other people , " Lawrence told Letterman . "  I 'm like , scarred from my childhood , because I had a mother who would tell me that I was amazing at everything and that I can do everything , but I ca n't . So I sang in front of the school , because it was like , ' I can do that ! I can do anything ! ' " Lawrence claims that she has this "  tone-deaf Amy Winehouse voice , " but when she broke into a rendition of "  Have a Holly Jolly Christmas , " which is the song she performed way back when , Winehouse is definitely not who we were reminded of . Lawrence actually had to face her fear of singing for the latest "  Hunger Games " movie , "  Mockingjay -- Part I , " because she had to perform a song called "  The Hanging Tree . " She still has n't heard her performance in the movie , but she knows that moviegoers will . "  Everybody 's told me that it 's me , " she said , "  because I was like , ` will you guys please get Lorde to really sing it ? ' And they said no , it 's really your voice . " We 'll find out how she sounds when "  Mockingjay -- Part I " opens November 21 , but we can already bet it 'll be better than her take on Christmas carols .	Jennifer Lawrence butchered Christmas carols on David Letterman 's show Actress says she has a "  tone-deaf Amy Winehouse voice " She proved it by singing "  Have a Holly Jolly Christmas "
CNN  -- We 've all heard that Paul Ryan is Gov. Mitt Romney 's running mate . But many still do n't know the details of his proposals for health care reform . They offer a stark contrast to what the Obama administration would like to do . Medicare Medicare is a defined benefit program . That means the federal government decides each year what Medicare will cover . No matter what that costs , the government pays for most of it ; individuals are responsible for the rest . Ryan 's original plan , passed by the House of Representatives  but not the Senate  last year , would have changed Medicare to a defined contribution program , where the government would instead decide every year what it will pay . Under his plan , the government would give seniors that amount of money , in one form or another , to buy insurance on their own . Seniors would have had to pay for the difference between the cost of the insurance and the amount the government was willing to pay . The problem was that his original plan saved money by limiting how quickly the voucher seniors would get to buy health care would grow . This meant that by 2030 , seniors would have been responsible for 68 % of the cost of their insurance , likely too much for most to afford . At the end of 2011 , though , Ryan made significant alterations to his proposal . With Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden , he produced a plan that more closely resembles Romney 's  although he changed things again in his 2013 budget , which Wyden does not support  . Instead of tying the amount of the voucher to an arbitrary increase in the future , it would be tied , in his 2011 proposal , to how much insurance costs . Each year , companies will submit bids for how much it will cost to provide insurance for a senior that year . The voucher would then be set at the price of the second-lowest bid . In other words , seniors could get the second-cheapest plan for very little . If they chose the cheapest plan , they would actually get a rebate . If they want anything more expensive , they would have to pay for the difference . Moreover , traditional Medicare will be one of the choices . If it is the second cheapest , not much will change . If , however , it is more expensive , then seniors would have to pay for the difference , but in this way they will have the option to keep their Medicare . There are potential concerns , however . The first is that the proposal requires that the plans be "  actuarially equivalent , " but not that they provide the same coverage benefits . This means that plans can tweak benefits they offer to try to preferentially attract healthy customers . The second issue is that this plan wo n't save near the money that Ryan 's first attempt did . If this plan had been implemented in 2009 , it would have saved the federal government 9 % that year . But that would have been a one-time savings , and it would n't bend the cost curve much at all . Moreover , seniors would have had to pay about $ 64 a month for their traditional Medicare , which is a significant amount for many of them . A third concern , voiced by many who oppose the Ryan plan , is that the details are insufficient to assume that traditional Medicare will be preserved . There may be a good reason for this : If the Affordable Care Act is too radical for many wishing to pass this proposal into law , it 's hard to imagine they 'll be in a position to defend something far more specific and comprehensive . Most significantly , though , this whole plan rests on the same rationale as Medicare Advantage did  it lets Medicare beneficiaries get their coverage through private insurance companies  when President George W. Bush first proposed it . That did n't clearly work . Many private plans were unable to come in under traditional Medicare , and only in certain markets in the country . Medicaid With respect to Medicaid , Ryan  and Romney  would like to get the federal government far less involved . They want to convert the current program , where benefits are set at the federal level , and costs are shared between the federal and state governments , to one in which states are given far more flexibility to set benefits , and a block grant payment with which to pay for them . Some states like this plan , because it will allow them to alter benefits and coverage locally so they will be on the hook for less money in the future . Even though the federal government covers somewhere between 50 % and 75 % of Medicaid costs right now , the remaining spending is still a significant drain on state budgets . Unfortunately , savings to the federal government would come from drastically cutting the amount of money they will give states in the future . The only way states would be able to provide insurance to Medicaid recipients on way less money would be if they reduced the benefits or the number of beneficiaries . If benefits are n't cut , and already low provider reimbursements are n't further reduced , then by 2021 about 19 million people , or one-third of all people on Medicaid , will need to be dropped from coverage . Many of those covered by Medicaid are very poor elderly people , or those who are blind or disabled . If states acted to preferentially protect those groups from cuts , then 27 million other people , many of them children and pregnant women , would be dropped from Medicaid . Although it will likely get far less media attention , the changes to Medicaid may be far more radical . Medicaid is already one of the cheapest forms of insurance around . There is n't that much fat to be trimmed , regardless of how much states might "  innovate . " Although the focus of much of the election will be on Medicare , these proposed changes to Medicaid are far more severe , and will have far more immediate repercussions . The choice The Obama administration would like to reduce future health care spending by a number of means , including Accountable Care Organizations , the Independent Advisory Board and other programs that focus on providers and hospitals to save money  discussed on CNN.com here  . They believe , in general , that relying on experts and leaning on providers can bend the cost curve . The problem is that some see this as rationing . Ryan and Romney , on the other hand , believe that individuals should be the lever by which spending is reduced . They propose to decrease the amount the federal government pays for care by increasing the amount individuals pay and giving them more choices . They further believe that this will drive individuals to demand lower prices . With respect to Medicare , the problem is that the amount seniors will be required to pay may be too much for many . Moreover , there is little evidence that prices will drop  they did n't for Medicare Advantage  , and this could result in some seniors forgoing necessary care , which will have negative health consequences . Ironically , for all the talk about the concerns over the deficit , their plan also may not reduce Medicare spending as much as the Affordable Care Act does in the next decade . In a rational world , we 'd try all these things . A bipartisan plan could come from Republicans accepting the Affordable Care Act as it stands for all those younger than 65 , without further talk of repeal , in exchange for implementing the Ryan-Wyden plan for those 65 and older . After all , that proposal is n't really much different than the way the exchanges will work in the Affordable Care Act , with the exception that there is a public option  which should be opened to everyone under 65 as well  . Everyone gets something they want , with all the tools available being brought to bear on containing future costs . This would require compromise , though , something that is in short supply in election years . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron Carroll .	Aaron Carroll : Ryan 's proposals for Medicare , Medicaid sharply differ from Obama 's He says Ryan 's Medicare plan could change quality of care , increase cost to seniors He says plan for block grants to states to pay for Medicaid would result in benefit cuts to poor , old Carroll : Obama 's approach is different ; ideally a compromise would keep best of both plans
CNN  -- Are you clamoring for the real NFL officials yet ? If not , just wait and then prepare to issue an apology to one of the most unjustly crucified groups in society this side of baseball umpires . For starters , the NFL 's exhibition season was filled with gaffes , bloopers and worse than that involving its collection of replacement officials . Blown pass interference calls . Issues with spotting the football . Confusion over the clock . Plus , in a game between the home-team Atlanta Falcons and the Baltimore Ravens , the referee kept saying "  Arizona " instead of "  Atlanta " when addressing the crowd . So it was somewhat of a relief that during the NFL 's season opener Wednesday night between the Dallas Cowboys and the New York Giants , the replacement officials were -- well , OK . There were no glaring blunders , and none of the new guys tripped over the 50-yard line . Still , as former NFL director of officials Mike Pereira told FoxSports.com , "  One game does n't make a week , but it was definitely a good start . We 'll all know more come Tuesday morning . " By then , the NFL 's other 30 teams will have spent their opening game with these replacement officials who primarily work for Division II and Division III colleges . They were hired by the NFL courtesy of the league 's ongoing lockout of the regular officials . The labor dispute is over money and other matters , and it has lasted for months . Will replacement refs mar NFL 's first week ? Not only that , NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell suggested during an open forum with fans at league headquarters in New York before the Cowboys-Giants game that he is willing to continue with the replacements to achieve a long-term solution . As for the short term , there is encouraging news for those who know replacement officials are just a ticking bomb waiting to explode with a slew of errors . And , no , the encouraging news is n't that both sides will punt away their labor squabbles anytime soon . The only silver  or shall we say black-and-white striped  lining is , the more the NFL uses replacement officials , the more folks will see the original ones were better than they thought . Union negotiator : NFL referees wo n't start season I 'm talking about MUCH better . This does n't apply just to NFL officials , but to those of the NBA , the NHL and even baseball umpires , who have been known to have a few nose-to-nose chats with managers and players . For every time that an NBA referee goes blind when a Michael Jordan shoves away a Bryon Russell to sink a jumper to clinch a world championship , there are tens , hundreds and thousands of calls that are dead-on target . The same goes for baseball , where you 've had the likes of umpire Jim Joyce ruining a perfect game for Armando Gallarraga by calling a base runner safe when he actually was out . Then in the NHL , there was Tony Sericolo 's nonwhistle last season when the Philadelphia Flyers ' Daniel Briere clearly was offside during a goal in a playoff game . The league issued a public apology to the losing Pittsburgh Penguins for the Sericolo gaffe , which was rare for NHL bosses to admit an officiating mistake . In fact , it is rare for those in charge of the other three major pro sports leagues in North America to do such a thing . There is no need to apologize when your regular officials give you no reason to do so more often than not . In contrast , history has n't been kind to replacement officials . You can start with 1979 , when baseball swapped its striking umpires with minor league umpires , who quickly felt the wrath of everybody in their new world for brutal calls . When the 45-day strike ended , baseball retained eight of the replacements , but they were shunned forever on and off the field by the returning umpires and derisively called "  scabs . " The NBA went the replacement route for 68 days during the 1995 season , and that was to the chagrin of those who disliked a massive increase in the amount of fouls called in games . At one point , the New York Knicks ' Charles Oakley spoke boldly for his peers , telling reporters , "  They used five of these  replacements  to equal one of the regular refs . Terrible . " But back to the NFL , where I called Dan Reeves for some perspective on this officiating thing . He ranks among the league 's all-time wise men , since he spent four decades in the NFL as an accomplished player , coach and administrator along the way to six Super Bowls . He also was associated with two of the NFL 's most famous games -- as in the likely breeding grounds for officiating gaffes . There was the 1967 NFL championship game , which became known as the Ice Bowl . With the temperature in Green Bay , Wisconsin , at minus-15 below zero and a wind-child factor of minus 48 , Reeves was a running back for a Dallas Cowboys team that eventually lost to the Packers during the frantic , famous and frigid last seconds . Then there was The Drive in 1987 , when John Elway led a Denver Broncos team coached by Reeves 98 yards to victory inside the final minutes of the AFC Championship game in Cleveland . Any blown calls in either of those games ? Reeves is still thinking . "  Golly , I do n't remember anything that stuck out , " said Reeves , still thinking from his home in Atlanta . Then Reeves recalled the NFC championship game in Minnesota after the 1998 regular season , when the Atlanta Falcons team he coached won an overtime thriller against the Vikings . He forced a chuckle , saying , "  No , I ca n't think of anything during that game , either . " You get the point . Oh , Reeves does remember his version of a phantom "  chop block " called by an NFL official against offensive lineman Jumbo Elliott when Reeves coached the New York Giants in the early 1990s . He also remembers what he said was a shaky call after a kickoff during Super Bowl XXII in 1988 , when his Denver Broncos lost to the Washington Redskins . Reeves laughed , saying , "  Yeah . You do have some bad calls that stick out , but I 'll tell you what . When you 've been involved in the NFL for 39 years , and when you can only think of maybe a handful of calls -- if that -- that you can say , ` Well , gosh . We lost that game because of a bad call or something , ' I tell you right now : There are n't many of those . Those  regular  officials do a great job , no question about it . " That said , Reeves is n't totally against the replacements . As a traditionalist , he does n't believe coaches or players should concentrate on the quality of officials , period . "  I know when I played for Coach  Tom  Landry  with the Cowboys during the 1960s  , and when I coached , we did n't spent a whole lot of time on the officials , " Reeves said . "  But as far as these new guys , there are a lot of them out there who just need an opportunity . You 'll miss the experience , though , and they 'll be taking more time making calls . The good thing is , the replay officials are n't on strike . They 'll have them as a backup . "  But will they be as good as the guy who has been there doing for eight , nine , 10 years ? I do n't think so ? " Which is much of the point . Replacement refs bad business for NFL ?	Terence Moore : NFL 's exhibition season was filled with gaffes , bloopers Replacement officials were hired because of NFL 's ongoing lockout of regular officials One ref said "  Arizona " instead of "  Atlanta " multiple times during an Atlanta Falcons game After 1979 baseball strike , hired replacements were shunned by returning umpires , called "  scabs "
Police clashed with activists at the main Hong Kong pro-democracy protest site Monday morning after a violent nighttime standoff when protesters surrounded government headquarters in the city 's Admiralty district . Authorities removed some tents and barricades at the main protest site before withdrawing . The site is currently calm . Protesters , following student leaders ' calls to escalate their civil disobedience movement , surrounded the government complex Sunday night and charged onto Lung Wo Road , a major east-west route next to the headquarters . Police used batons and pepper spray to push back demonstrators . Police and protesters were seen injured in the clashes , with protesters seen receiving first aid treatment from fellow activists , and police carried away on gurneys . The standoff continued Monday morning as police moved in on the main Hong Kong pro-democracy protest site , cutting down banners on a pedestrian overpass above thousands of tents inside the "  democracy village " in Hong Kong 's Admiralty district . Before dawn Monday , at least 40 arrests had been made in Admiralty , according to the Hong Kong Police . A further 12 people were also arrested in Mong Kok . The Central Government Office was closed on Monday morning but later re-opened . The government said it condemned "  violent radicals , " saying they had "  provoked and verbally abused police officers " and encouraged others to charge police lines . "  We do not have any plan " The current police operation is the boldest move authorities have made on the main protest site in nearly two months . Protesters seemed at a loss for how to respond , with arguments breaking out between student leaders and protesters even as police moved in . Winnie Ng , a demonstrator , told CNN "  We do not have any plan . " This morning , a tweet from student leader group Hong Kong Federation of Students read "  We need your support in Admiralty right now . " The tense standoff came at the end of a dramatic week in which Hong Kong authorities moved to dismantle protest camps in the city 's working-class Mong Kok district , arresting dozens and drawing accusations of brutality in the process . Protesters want their occupations to pressure the Chinese government into giving Hong Kong open elections for its next leader in 2017 . So far , officials have shown no willingness to give into protesters ' demands . The protests have drawn widespread international attention , although the Chinese government has rebutted any efforts by outside countries to "  interfere . " On Sunday Sir Richard Ottoway , who chairs the British parliament 's Foreign Affairs Committee , said he and other lawmakers had been barred by China from making a planned trip to Hong Kong to assess the political situation . "  The Chinese government are acting in an overtly confrontational manner in refusing us access to do our job , " he said .	Police and protesters face off again in tense scene in Hong Kong 's Admiralty district Police use batons and pepper spray to push back protesters At least 40 have been arrested , police tell CNN
Sydney , Australia  CNN  -- Qantas is considering legal action against engine-maker Rolls-Royce after one of the manufacturer 's engines sparked a fire on a flight last month , the airline said Thursday . The Federal Court of Australia granted the Australian carrier an injunction Thursday allowing it to pursue legal action against Rolls-Royce in Australia if a commercial settlement is not possible , Qantas said . Qantas said it has already started discussions with Rolls-Royce . A Sydney , Australia-bound Qantas Airbus A380 was forced to turn back to Singapore on Nov. 4 when an oil fire badly damaged one of the plane 's four Rolls-Royce Trent 900 engines . The fire resulted in part of the engine casing falling off in flight . The Australian Transport Safety Bureau issued a safety recommendation Thursday about the Trent 900 engines , which are installed on some A380 superjumbos , the world 's largest airliner . The ATSB said it had identified a potential manufacturing defect with the Trent 900 on some A380s that could have been a factor in last month 's fire on the Qantas flight . "  The problem relates to the potential for misaligned oil pipe counter-boring , which could lead to fatigue cracking , oil leakage , and potential engine failure from an oil fire within the HP/IP bearing buffer space , " the ATSB said in a statement . Rolls-Royce said checks conducted immediately after the Nov. 4 incident showed the problem was specific to the Trent 900 and that it was confined to a specific component in the turbine area of the engine . That in turn caused an oil fire , Rolls-Royce said . A Rolls-Royce spokesman said Thursday the ATSB recommendation was consistent with those findings . "  We have instituted a regime of inspection , maintenance , and removal which has assured safe operation , " the spokesman said . "  This program has been agreed in collaboration with Airbus , our airline customers , and the regulators . " Qantas grounded its A380 fleet for several weeks while it inspected the problem . It said Thursday it is doing further one-off inspections of the engines for possible tubing defects . The ATSB plans to hold a media briefing Friday when it releases its preliminary report into the mishap . CNN 's Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	NEW : Australian court grants Qantas permission to pursue legal action NEW : Qantas says it has already started discussions with Rolls-Royce Officials issue a safety recommendation about the Rolls-Royce engine The problem could have been a factor in last month 's Qantas fire
CNN  -- Throngs of mourners bid farewell to Prime Minister Meles Zenawi on Sunday in Ethiopia 's first state funeral for a leader in more than 80 years . Meles , 57 , died two weeks ago of an unspecified illness . He had not appeared in public for months , sparking nationwide speculation about his health . The prime minister , a key U.S. ally , is the first leader honored with a state funeral in the nation since Empress Zauditu in 1930 . A contingent of African heads of state and foreign envoys attended the ceremony at the main square in the capital of Addis Ababa . Presidents of Uganda , Rwanda , South Sudan and Nigeria were among leaders who hailed him for bringing development to the nation during his 21-year rule . Mourners followed the coffin as it made its way through the capital in a horse-drawn carriage accompanied by a marching band . Others flooded the streets , some in tears , clutching miniature flags and posters adorned with his picture . His relatives , who were dressed in black , sat on stage with the heads of state . In days leading up to the funeral , his flag-draped coffin lay at the national palace for a public viewing . He will be laid to rest at the Holy Trinity Church behind the palace , where famed Ethiopian emperor Haile Selassie is buried . Meles was credited with working toward peace and security in the region , and was instrumental in peace talks between Sudan and South Sudan . He dispatched Ethiopian troops to battle militants in Somalia , and is a major player in the African Union , which is headquartered in Addis Ababa . Ethiopia is often lauded for effective use of aid money , and his nation has remained relatively peaceful in the unstable horn of Africa region . He was a leader who focused on the big picture , said Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. , who attended the funeral . Meles came to the forefront as a leader of a guerrilla insurgency against dictator Haile Mengistu Mariam in 1991 , and cemented power in the ensuing decades . However , human rights groups accused his government of a heavy hand and a series of abuses , including limiting press freedoms and cracking down on the opposition . "  He came to power at the barrel of a gun , but he made the transition from rebel leader to political leader very quickly , " said Ayo Johnson , director of Viewpoint Africa . Though he was vilified for his human rights record , the West turned a blind eye to his shortcomings because he battled Islamist movements in the region , a major concern for the U.S. , according to Johnson . Meles ' relatively unknown successor , Hailemariam Desalegn , served as his deputy . The next ballot is scheduled for 2015 , government officials said . CNN 's Richard Greene contributed to this report .	African heads of state and foreign envoys attend the ceremony He is the first leader honored with a state funeral in the nation since 1930 Ethiopians flood the streets , some in tears , as they clutch posters with his picture
CNN  -- Woodpecker . Spider species . Nuclear particle . For anti-apartheid icon Nelson Mandela , the varied list of namesakes keeps growing . In July last year , just in time for his birthday , scientists named a prehistoric woodpecker after him , adding to the many tributes for South Africa 's first black president . The woodpecker , officially named Australopicus nelsonmandelai , was unveiled by scientists at a fossil site on the nation 's southwest coast . Thousands of miles away , Mandela 's name is on yet another unusual item : an apartment in a British sitcom . The apartment in "  Only Fools and Horses " was called Nelson Mandela house . The main characters in the sitcom , which was broadcast for decades until early 2000s , lived in the house . Years earlier , a British university named a nuclear particle after him . The ` Mandela particle ' got its honor in 1973 from the physics institute at Leeds University . And the list goes on . And on , according to the Nelson Mandela Centre of Memory . There 's the orchid , ` Paravanda Nelson Mandela , " named after him during his 1997 visit to the botanical garden in Singapore . And the "  Escape from Robin Island " computer game with him as a hero who breaks away from the island to free his daughter . In Argentina , there was a racing horse named "  Mandela " in 1971 , when he was languishing in prison after a life sentence for sabotage . Mandela was sentenced to 27 years in 1964 for his fight against the apartheid government in South Africa . The frail icon has battled health issues in recent months , and is hospitalized in serious but stable condition in Pretoria for a recurring lung infection . With advancing age and bouts of illness , Mandela has retreated to a quiet life , but still retains a special place in the nation 's consciousness . But as he has faded away from public life , the accolades kept coming . Worldwide , there are buildings , streets , parks , postage stamps , even flowers named after him .	A woodpecker is officially named Australopicus nelsonmandelai ` Paravanda Nelson Mandela " in Singapore is also named after the former president In Britain , a nuclear particle is also named after him in Britain
Washington  CNN  -- Take a look at the more diverse slate of potential 2016 Republican presidential contenders and one thing becomes quite clear : this is not your daddy 's GOP -- at the top anyway . There are Latino Sens. Marco Rubio of Florida and Ted Cruz of Texas . There is an Indian American : Gov. Bobby Jindal of Louisiana . And joining Jindal , Rubio and Cruz from the Generation X ranks are Gov. Scott Walker and Rep. Paul Ryan , both of Wisconsin . Boomers potentially in the mix include Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum , Sen. Rand Paul of Texas and Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey . Three out of the past four Republican nominees were all well into their 60s , while the Democrats over the same period went with younger candidates . Now look : Democrats are taking a page from Ronald Reagan , the oldest president ever on Inauguration Day at 69 . Hillary Clinton would be that age on Election Day 2016 , if she runs and wins , while Vice President Joe Biden might be considered historically "  young " for a senator at 73 at the same point , but breaking new ground for the Oval Office . Both are quite pale , too , and so is most of "  the bench " of the party that embraced history in 2008 and nominated the first African American for President in Barack Obama , who was at the time merely in his 40s . GOP race for 2016 is wide open "  Democrats are known as having great policies  for minorities  on paper , but it 's harder to rise through the ranks , " said Andra Gillespie , an associate professor of political science at Emory University . "  The Republicans do n't have great policies on paper , but they are often more supportive of their minority candidates . " Obama 's election meant that many of the Democratic old guard , folks like Clinton and Biden , had to bide their time and wait until the next cycle . But his time around people like Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick are barely a consideration , she said . "  If you want to present something different , young , charismatic black guy is n't it , " Gillespie said . The Republican Party was blasted during the 2012 presidential election as the party of old , white , men for their presidential and congressional candidate lineups . The GOP lost among young people , minorities and women in large numbers and was forced to do some serious soul searching in preparation for the 2014 midterms and 2016 presidential elections . GOP problem : ` Their voters are white , aging and dying off ' But even as the Republican Party was taking a beating over its lack of diversity and tin ear on issues important to minorities , a class of young guns who more closely resembled the broader American electorate made headlines for their edgier brand of conservatism . "  These candidates have been very shrewd and extremely media savvy and have been able to garner a lot of attention very quickly , " Gillespie said . "  It 's partly their own skill and being in the right place at the right time . But it 's also the Republican Party not wanting to look like the party of old white men . " As a tea party darling , Rubio has earned nods from conservative corners for his criticism of Obamacare , but is also seen as a more moderate voice in the debate over immigration reform . Cruz and Paul rode that same anti-establishment , tea party wave into Congress and have since garnered attention for their fiery rhetoric about the ills of big government and willingness to challenge the status quo . Christie rose to prominence because of his swaggering conservative style tempered by his willingness to reach across the aisle in his state . He made a splash , too , by giving Obama and his administration credit on Superstorm Sandy recovery efforts . Meanwhile , Santorum , Ryan , Jindal and Walker 's clear and direct conservative approach to fiscal and governance matters is seen in right wing circles as a refreshing change from what some in the Republican Party have felt is a watered down version . "  The fact that the Democrats do n't have the depth of diverse talent like the Republicans do might be an indication that , despite what they might have you believe , their party is old and stale , " said Orlando Watson , the Republican National Committee communications director for black media . RNC highlights strategy for building ` new generation of black Republicans ' The slate of potential 2016 GOP presidential hopefulsâ $ " and to be clear , no one on either side of the aisle has officially announced a bidâ $ " may be younger and more diverse . But the broader party is still too old , too white and too out of touch with the rest of America , said Lionel Sosa , a veteran Latino GOP strategist who has helped advise candidates since 1980 . "  I think our party is stone deaf on the issue of Latinos and immigration . We 're turning off not only Latinos , but also women , young people and Asians with stupid , intensive comments , " Sosa said . He pointed to anti-immigration comments by recent Republican candidates and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee 's comments about Democrats thinking women "  ca n't control their libidos " as "  equally stupid . " "  GOP candidates who cater to the extreme right in the primaries , do n't realize the long term damage they 're doing to the Republican brand in terms of alienating the segment of voters who are growing the fastest , " Sosa said . "  This damage will be hard to overcome in the general election . "	In the 2016 election , the GOP could present a more diverse cadre of presidential hopefuls By contrast , the presumed Democratic likely frontrunners are older and white GOP focused on diversity after it lost big among minorities in 2012 Though their candidates are diverse , the party still has work to do in minority voter outreach
CNN  -- The latest trend at teen parties is n't warm beer or prescription medicines pilfered from parents ' medicine cabinets . Instead , increasing numbers of youths are turning to an herb-based product to get high , and unlike marijuana , it 's perfectly legal . It 's known as K2 or Spice , a synthetic substance that , when smoked , gives users a marijuana-like high , according to drug authorities . Its growing popularity is causing increasing alarm among health care professionals , law enforcement authorities and lawmakers , with one Drug Enforcement Agency official calling its use the equivalent of "  playing Russian roulette . " Should some illegal drugs be legalized ? Manufactured in Asia and sold online or in local stores , K2 and similar substances are marketed as herbal incense . A disclaimer on a K2-selling Web site reads : "  K2Herbal products are novelty incenses and are not for consumption . " Sold in various flavors in 3-gram bags , the product consists of herbs that are sprayed with synthetic substances that mimic THC , the high-causing natural chemical found in marijuana . A call to regulate K2 Health and drug officials say the danger in using such products is the unregulated nature of their production and makeup . "  Our biggest concern is that this particular chemical is likely manufactured in a dorm-room setting . And these dorm-room scientists are not going to be exhibiting a lot of quality assurance techniques , " says Dr. Gaylord Lopez , a toxicologist and head of the Georgia Poison Center . As a result , there 's a potential for users to inhale contaminants along with the substance they think they 're smoking , Lopez said , which may be a contributing factor in the adverse symptoms some of its users have been experiencing . Political activist wants K2 banned "  Synthetic drugs and herbal drug products like Spice and K2 are not made in a controlled environment and thus you are playing Russian roulette when it comes to these types of products , " said Dawn Dearden , a spokeswoman for the DEA , which first began receiving reports about abuse of the substance last year . "  There is no way , outside of a controlled laboratory environment , to determine the chemical makeup , synthetic ingredients or amounts , and therefore there is no way to determine with any accuracy what the potentially harmful effects may be . " Lopez says his center first heard of the substance in December when Georgia hospitals began reporting patients who had used K2 or Spice . Since then , the center has seen a spike in cases , with 20 people -- mostly teenagers -- visiting emergency rooms with such symptoms as heart palpitations and respiratory issues . In the most serious case , an otherwise healthy teenage boy , who has since recovered , lapsed into a coma , Lopez said . According to Dearden , additional side effects can include panic attacks , hallucinations , delusions , vomiting , increased agitation and dilated pupils . Around the center , Lopez said his employees have begun referring to the substance as "  Scary Spice . " Earlier this month , Kansas became the first state to ban synthetic marijuana . Kansas state Sen. Jim Barnett , a supporter of the effort , said the ban was prompted by reports of abuse of K2 and similar products in cities across the state among high school students and prison parolees who were using it as an alternative to pot to avoid a positive drug test . Lawmakers in several other states are considering similar legislation , including Georgia , Utah , Missouri , Tennessee , Kentucky , North Dakota and Illinois . "  Although it is a synthetic drug , it is still a drug with a high potential for abuse , " says Barnett , who is a physician . "  It was our desire in Kansas to be ahead of the problem . " K2 has already been banned in some European countries , including Britain , Germany , Poland and France , and the DEA lists it as a drug of concern in the United States . "  We are seeing several indications that these THC-like substances could become a significant problem both domestically and internationally , " Dearden says . She says the agency is in "  the preliminary stages of determining whether or not some or all of  synthetic substances  need to be controlled . "	K2 or Spice , when smoked , gives users a marijuana-like high Danger of products is the unregulated nature of their production and makeup Side effects include heart palpitations , respiratory issues , panic attacks , hallucinations Kansas has banned K2 ; many other states are considering similar laws
CNN  -- A jet crashed Sunday near Freeport , on the island of Grand Bahama , killing all nine people on board , authorities said . The aircraft hit a crane at the Freeport Ship Yard and crashed into a nearby "  junk site , " police said . No U.S. agencies are involved , and the Royal Bahamas Police Force is handling the investigation , a police spokesman said . Police released the names of five victims Monday that includes Myles Munroe and his wife Ruth . Myles Munroe was the senior pastor of Bahamas Faith Ministries International Fellowship , that group 's website says . Ruth served as co-pastor . The two were friends of Andrew Young , former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , who was also scheduled to arrive in Freeport . "  Ambassador Young expresses his deep sadness over the tragic death of his friends Dr. Myles and Mrs. Ruth Munroe . He offers condolences to the Munroe family and the families of the other souls who lost their lives as a result of this shocking plane crash , " the Andrew Young Foundation said in a statement . Young is scheduled to speak at a conference starting Monday in Freeport . The Global Leadership Forum will continue this week , according to Munroe 's organization . "  On behalf of Myles Munroe International and ITWLA . We would like to inform you that the Global Leadership Forum will continue , " Myles Munroe International posted on its Facebook page . "  This is what Dr. Munroe would have wanted . " The other identified victims are Stanley Jerome Thurston , Richard Howard Pinder and Frankhan Demeyer Cooper , all residents of the Bahamas . The ITWLA is International Third World Leaders Association , which was founded by Munroe . 4 killed after plane hits building near Wichita airport CNN 's Javier De Diego , Ric Ward , Tina Burnside and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : Police confirm Myles Munroe and his wife are among the victims of a plane crash The jet hit a crane and crashed into a junk site , police said No U.S. agencies are involved , Bahamas police said The Global Leadership Forum in Freeport will continue despite the crash
Washington  CNN  -- "  When Dr. Johnson defined patriotism as the last refuge of a scoundrel , he was unconscious of the then undeveloped capabilities of the word ` reform . ' " So quipped U.S. Sen. Roscoe Conkling of New York 130 years ago . The particular reform that irked Conkling was the then-novel proposal to eliminate patronage in federal civil service hiring . Conkling lost his argument and lost his battle , but his quip endures -- and applies much more aptly to today 's most discussed "  reform " : immigration reform . "  Immigration reform " is a deliberately ambiguous phrase , a phrase used equally by opposite sides in the immigration debate . Those who want amnesty for illegal immigrants call themselves "  reformers . " So do those who want stricter enforcement of the laws against illegal immigration . But there 's a third group to be heard , and these are the people who validate Conkling 's cynical remark : the group of "  reformers " who want to expand and enlarge guest worker programs . The United States is entering its sixth year of extraordinarily high unemployment . Twelve million Americans who want work can not find it . Millions more have quit searching . Slack labor markets have depressed wages throughout the economy . Here 's the picture that 's worth a thousand words , from an economic commentary by Margaret Jacobson and Filippo Occhino for the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland . Whichever of the two competing data series you use , wages account for a substantially lower share of national income today than at any point since World War II , when record-keeping began . Yet even these dismal findings understate the problem . Remember , "  labor income " includes all salary income , including the salaries of the most highly paid , the famous 1 % , who have enjoyed the benefit of almost all productivity gains since the 1990s . The wage situation of the typical worker looks even worse than the chart implies . Whatever else you say about the U.S. economy of the 21st century , it can not be described as suffering from labor shortages . Yet however little workers earn , there is always somebody who wishes they earned even less . And for those somebodies , the solution is : Import more cheap labor . But not just any cheap labor -- cheap labor that can not quit , that can not accept a better offer , that can not complain . Bonded labor is the oldest idea in American labor markets . In the 17th and 18th centuries , about half the British migrants to the United States arrived as indentured servants , people who agreed to work for a term of years in exchange for food , lodging , and the cost of their passage . Perhaps you assumed that such arrangements had expired centuries ago ? Think again . The March 8 Wall Street Journal tells the story of 14 foreign students who entered the United States on "  J " class visas , which allow three months of work to support student study and travel . " ` Since I got to the States , I have been working just to pay to live in a basement , ' says Mr. Rios , who arrived in mid-December and shares the one-room space with five other foreigners who work at the same outlet . He said he worked about 25 hours a week earning $ 7.25 an hour and Mr. Cheung , his boss , deducted weekly rent of $ 75 from his pay . ... Kah Inn Lee , a 23-year-old student from Malaysia , said a curtain separated the men 's and women 's beds in the tiny basement she shared with seven other students in a house owned by Mr. Cheung 's son . Earning about $ 250 a week , she calculates she is in the red after paying for housing and food . To travel after completing her assignment at McDonald 's , which ends this weekend , she has asked relatives to wire her money . " Stories like this are often told about the J-1 visa program , which brought about 109,000 students to the United States in 2011 . The Associated Press reported on the program last year : "  In August 2011 , dozens of workers protested conditions at a candy factory that contracts to pack Hershey chocolates in Hershey , Pa. , complaining of hard physical labor and pay deductions for rent that often left them with little money . Then in December , a federal indictment accused the mafia of using the cultural exchange program to bring Eastern European women to work in New York strip clubs . " J-1 visa workers have told investigators that deductions for rent and food reduce their earnings to zero . They have described sexual abuse and exploitation . The State Department has proposed some changes to the program , but -- well , let Alaska 's KTVA Channel 11 tell the rest of the story . "  Many seafood processors in Alaska rely on foreign students to fill their seasonal employment needs . Now there is uncertainty in the industry because of proposed changes to the foreign worker visa program . These changes could take effect as soon as this spring . "  The federal government wants to remove some jobs offered to foreign students who want to work in the U.S. on a J-1 visa . They include jobs in factories and manufacturing , a potential change that could hit Alaska 's seafood processors hard . "  In a letter Senator Mark Begich wrote to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton last month , he says ` such an abrupt change in the available labor pool just before the start of the salmon season would have immediate negative consequences for the companies , and the fishermen and communities , which depend on their operations , ' " KTVA reported . You might wonder : Are there really no Americans who could do these jobs ? The unemployment rate for Alaskans 16-24 years old was over 15 % in 2011 . Might n't they want the work ? Yes , they might . But the wage for lawful American labor in the seafood-processing industry averages over $ 10 an hour . Employers can cut their wage costs by almost 25 % by using J-1 labor instead , according to one union-backed think tank . And J-1 labor is not only cheaper , but also often more motivated . "  The J-1 student workers have been a godsend for Nancy Blakey , co-owner of Sno-Pac , " reported PRI 's "  The World . " " ` They 're educated , they 're bright , and they 're working really hard , long hours , ' Blakey said . Alaska fish processors started hiring J-1 students in the 1990s when unemployment was low and they could n't find American workers . The J-1â $ ² s are not just hard workers , Blakey said ; they 're also really interesting . " ` We had a young man come through who was studying nuclear physics . And we were talking , and he loved the beauty of nuclear physics . He was passionate and he was explaining it to me , in his limited English and doing very well . And he was going to be going out to gut fish . I think that 's pretty fantastic ! ' " The immigration debate is often premised on the assumption that high wages for American workers are a problem to be overcome . If you 'll look again at the Cleveland Fed chart above , you 'll notice that the collapse in labor 's share of national income coincides with the start of the mass immigration influx after 1970 . Since then 40 million people have migrated to the United States , most of them very low-skilled . About one-third that number arrived illegally . Immigration advocates insist that this huge surge of cheap labor has nothing to do with the persistent decline in wages that began about the same time . If so , that 's one hell of a coincidence . With President Obama proposing accelerated flows of immigration in future , American workers should ready themselves for more coincidences ahead . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Immigration "  reform " is a deliberately ambiguous phrase For some employers , immigrants represent a source of cheap labor , he says Frum : Big wave of immigration coincides with decline in labor 's share of economy America does n't have a labor shortage , but wages may be too low , he says
Mashable  -- Good news for everyone out there who 's ever thought to themselves : "  A 10-minute video of my cat eating ribs on the kitchen floor is just too short . " YouTube announced Thursday that it has increased its upload limit from 10 minutes to 15 for non-partners . So get kitty lookin ' pretty and start rolling ! So why add the extra five-spot now ? Well , on the YouTube blog , the video-sharing site explains that it 's been beefing up its copyright protection tools of late , i.e. the Content ID system  which lets copyright holders have more control over their content  . Therefore , it 's less likely that users can , say , upload large chunks of movies and TV shows without permission . In celebration of this added time , YouTube is also launching a contest of sorts called "  15 Minutes of Fame . " Basically , all users have to do is film a 15-minute vid , tag it with "  yt15minutes , " and upload it by Wednesday , August 4 . The chosen videos will be featured on the YouTube homepage . We wonder what effect -- if any -- this new time limit will have on initiatives like YouTube Leanback . Do you think the extra five minutes will equate to better content , or merely more room to rant about video games , Twilight and the like ? Let us know ! © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	YouTube announced that it has increased its upload limit from 10 minutes to 15 The site explains that it 's been beefing up its copyright protection tools YouTube is launching a contest of sorts called "  15 Minutes of Fame "
Amid leaden wintry skies , it may come as a surprise to Londoners but new figures suggest the city has beaten its arch rival , Paris , to become the world 's most popular city for tourists . However , a growing spat between the the two cities ' administrations suggests that , when it comes to comparisons between London and Paris , there are only lies , damn lies and statistics . Figures released this week by the UK 's Office for National Statistics show that 4.9 million people visited London from July to September 2013 . That was an increase of 20 % on the same period in the previous year -- during which London hosted the Olympics -- and a new quarterly record . Taking a wider view , for the first nine months of 2013 , 12.8 million visitors flocked to the British capital , an increase of 12 % compared with the previous year . The figures prompted the city 's promotional body , London and Partners , to proclaim that London was "  on course to welcome over 16 million visitors in one year . " That in turn has led to reports in Britain and abroad that London has trumped Paris as the most visited city in the world . The two cities have actually swapped the top spot on various lists in recent years . According to the MasterCard Global Destinations Cities Index for 2012 , London narrowly beat out Paris for the top spot with 16.9 million visitors . ` Greatest city on the planet ' For the mayor of London , Boris Johnson , the statistics only underlined the obvious . "  These incredible figures prove that London is without doubt the greatest city on the planet , " he said . "  With so many fascinating museums , the best theater scene in the world , more green space than any other European city , numerous top sporting venues , a low crime rate and much else besides , it 's no wonder that people from all over the globe are flocking to London in record numbers . " A long , hot summer , Andy Murray 's Wimbledon win , the birth of Prince George and blockbuster West Ends shows including "  The Book of Mormon " were put forward as potential reasons for the surge in tourist numbers , along with the legacy of the Olympics from the year before . Top London attractions such as the Tower of London and St. Paul 's Cathedral said visitor numbers were "  through the roof " last summer , with an increase of 17 % on 2012 , the London Evening Standard reported . St. Paul 's welcomed 353,463 visitors between May and August , up by almost half on 2012 . Spat turns nasty All pretty impressive , but it turns out that the source of London 's promotion to top tourist spot was none other than ... French . Proclaiming "  London dethrones Paris , " the conservative daily Le Figaro had compared London 's projected 16 million visitors with a 2012 figure of 15.9 million visitors to Paris . Things have only got nastier since . Seizing on the comparison , Paris 's right wing mayoral candidate , Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet , claimed the numbers showed Paris 's Socialist administration as failing the city . That 's just Paris bashing , one of those Socialists , Paris 's deputy mayor Anne Hidalgo , retorted . Other figures , her office said , revealed Paris still to be beating the sprawling , unsophisticated pretender over La Manche when it comes to pulling in tourists . Indeed , London is in some ways just a "  suburb " of the far more attractive French capital , she told reporters . Paris ` still No. 1 ' "  Like it or not , while London may have attracted more visitors around the Olympic Games , Paris remains the number one world tourist destination , even if we only include foreign visitors and not national ones , " Hidalgo said . London was "  boastful " about its strengths , even deceptive , whereas the French were "  rational " in their self assessments . "  London aggressively sells itself ... in a way that goes beyond the truth . We are more rational in our communication when speaking about Paris 's strengths , " Hidalgo said . In 2012 , 29 million domestic and foreign tourists visited the wider city of Paris , Hidalgo 's office said . By contrast , Greater London -- 10 times larger -- pulled in only 27.6 million tourists of all nationalities . While clearly superior intellectually to Londoners , Parisians could , Hidalgo conceded , appear "  arrogant . " "  We could be a bit more amiable , " she said . "  I often tell people they must smile more . It costs nothing . " Gordon Ramsay weighs in Parisian spluttering be damned , London and Partners has used its figures to promote a new video campaign , The London Story , in which well known Londoners reveal what they most love about the city . Celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay says : "  You ca n't beat a good London curry . I 've been to India but I find curries in Brick Lane -LSB- in the East End -RSB- better . It 's not just curries . "  There 's nowhere better in the world to eat than in London , " says Ramsay . "  A great thing about London is shopping , " adds Sixties It girl Twiggy . "  What girl does n't love shopping ? London is the best -- we 've always been the best in fashion . "	Figures show London beating Paris as most visited city by tourists last year Olympics legacy , royal baby and "  Book of Mormon " all possible reasons Paris decries statistics as "  boastful " and misleading
CNN  -- After more than six months of silence , Syria 's leader , Bashar al-Assad , spoke last week for only the fourth time since the beginning of the country 's widespread uprising in March . His words show that he is as delusional now as when the protests began . By continuing to blame the revolution on a foreign conspiracy , dismissing hundreds of thousands of his fellow citizens as "  bandits , Zionists and al Qaeda , " Assad is taking a page out of the handbook of Libya 's late dictator , Moammar Gadhafi , on political survival . Assad will fight to the end simply because he can not even conceive of his end . "  Victory is nigh , " Assad assured his dwindling supporters . But the current standstill after 10 months of fighting against unarmed protesters , and the deaths of more than 5,000 people , makes this promise hollow . Indeed , Assad 's recent call on loyalists to continue to form local units to support the army and the security forces in their crackdown clearly shows increasing difficulty for the regime . Without external support , the protest movement has proved impossible to defeat , even for Assad 's machine of oppression , deemed by international human rights organizations to be one of the worst in the Middle East . Assad 's best defense at this stage is to play the hackneyed hand of dictators in the region -- and he is pursuing it assiduously by stoking international fears of civil mayhem in Syria . The United States and the international community do not seem to know how to respond , other than to impose economic sanctions , followed by more economic sanctions . The sanctions , though effective in crippling Syria 's economy , have proved useless at stopping the bloodshed . If anything , violence is escalating , its ferocity forcing the previously unarmed protesters to rally around the increasing number of Syrian Army defectors to organize an armed resistance to loyalist militias . As for the Arab League delegation of monitors roaming the country to ensure compliance with an agreement to halt the violence against protesters , the average daily death toll has more than doubled , reaching around 50 innocent people , since the monitors arrived in late December . There are vital steps the United States can immediately take . Ragtag defectors from the Syrian Army , joined by civilians , have had to fight back . Yet these unorganized protesters have fought Assad 's loyalist troops and militias nearly to a standstill with only light arms , obtained locally . Providing them with more sophisticated gear , including RPGs , night vision goggles and better communication equipment , would likely enable them to neutralize Assad 's tanks and possibly free entire towns . Implementing a no-fly zone could also prevent Assad from laying these towns , once free , to waste . A naval blockade of Syrian ports would help prevent arms shipments to the regime . These are all measures the protesters themselves have forcefully and uniformly requested . Some might be concerned that the prospect of increased militarization will plunge Syria into civil war . Assad is leaving his opponents with little choice . Either they must settle for his version of reform , forever keeping him and his inner circle in power and above the law , or they are "  terrorists " and will be struck with an "  iron fist , " as he threatened last week . If Russia persists in threatening a veto at the U.N. Security Council , the United States should call for an international conference on Syria , with the Arab League , the Islamic Conference , NATO , Japan , India , Brazil and all concerned states . This would be a viable path to legitimate multilateral intervention while circumventing the Russian veto . Syrian opposition coalitions , such as the SNC  Syrian National Council  and the Antalya Conference for Change , and prominent independent dissidents should be also invited , so that they can endorse the outcome and legitimate any international actions against the Syrian regime . The protesters and all Syrians who yearn for freedom are unambivalentÂ in their call for international intervention . America faces a fundamental choice . It can stand behind democratic aspirations fully , or it can continue to rely on 19th century notions of power politics and influence . Backing tyrants as a hedge against Islamist extremism has only fostered more extremism . Although the course of history is never smooth or predictable , supporting freedom , democracy and individual dignity will , over time , provide the most stable model for prosperity and peace . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Writers : Sanctions have not stopped Syria 's delusional Bashar al-Assad 5,000 people have died in the Syrian regime 's crackdown on dissidents , they write Writers say U.S. must provide protesters with sophisticated gear to fight militia They say a no-fly zone , naval blockade of Syrian ports would be effective
The Frisky  -- It seems that all anyone is talking about lately is the economy , so why is money still such a tough topic to discuss with your nearest and dearest ? They say married couples fight over money more than anything else , but what about when you just started dating ? That 's possibly even more awkward . Columnist says no woman should leave her house on first date without enough money to pay for her meal . The first date Though Dr. Phil feels otherwise , my take on this has always been he  or she  who asks , pays .  The bloviating shrink says men should always be the ones to pony up . And if you do n't pay for the whole thing , you should at least offer to split the tab . Incredibly  to me  , most women I spoke to thought I was an idiot and firmly believed the dude should always pay on a first date -- though for some this was a recent change of heart . Kate , a 33-year-old writer told me , "  I tend to try to pay for myself , but as I get older and more comfortable with my awesomeness , I kind of wish and hope that the other person will be a little more old-fashioned about it . " Good point . If someone 's eating opposite Amazing Me , should n't she or he pay for the privilege ? After all , I 'm entertaining and cute and if you let me order dessert there may be some smooching in your future . Regardless of your feelings on the matter , whatever you do , do n't leave the house without enough money to pay for at least your share . It 's a first date so while he may seem great  and generous  on paper , you never really know what you 're getting into until he 's sitting across from you . Sure , he might be staring adoringly deep into your eyes , but then again , his pants might be held up with duct tape . Do you really want to count on that dude to know the meaning of "  gratuity ? " What to say : "  That 's so generous of you -- can I at least leave the tip ? " What not to say : "  This princess does n't pay for food ! " Dates two-thru-six Jennifer Kelton , CEO and founder of BadOnlineDates.com , has built a business on bad dating behavior . She explains her thoughts on the money issue : "  While it 's not expected , Let 's face it -- we are hardwired to want the man to ` bring back dinner to the cave . ' " Up until my current relationship , I 've almost always been in the driver 's seat finance-wise  and believe me , that 's a pretty meager seat  so I 've always furnished my own cave . I ask her if it 's okay to date a guy just for a free ride or free grub ? Kelton says no . "  Being cheap is never attractive and I would say that after more than four dates the woman should pay the tip . " Whoa ! Just the tip ? Apparently the women who called me a moron were onto something ! However , if you 're going to keep riding the free-food express , the least you can do is surreptitiously feel out his money situation -- if he 's hurting , suggest cheaper restaurants or maybe cook for the guy . What to say : "  That 's so generous of you -- can I at least leave the tip ? " What not to say : "  Let 's have the 2000 Perrier-Jouet , since this one 's on you ! " Dates six-thru-infinity Up until the two of you really get to know each other , there 's probably not going to be any urgent need to discuss finances in depth , but he ca n't keep buying you steak and foie gras dinners if he 's on a cheeseburger and fries budget . For all you know , you 're out-earning him or he 's supporting 12 Guatemalan orphans and is stretched to the breaking point . Then again , maybe he 's a gazillionaire . At about date six  possibly sooner if they 're really eventful dates !  , you should be getting to know a lot about every part of him -- including his wallet . There 's no right or wrong way to approach this discussion , but just remember , financial compatibility is almost as important as sexual chemistry , though rarely as much fun . TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Columnist : Whoever issues invite on first date should pay for dinner Says many women , Dr. Phil disagree with her Writer says if guy is paying for dinner , women should offer to split the tab By date six , woman should know his financial situation -- and who should pay
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Grammy-winning music producer Phil Spector , 69 , has been moved to a California prison to serve his sentence of 19 years to life for killing actress Lana Clarkson , corrections officials said . Phil Spector will serve time at the California Substance Abuse Treatment Facility and State Prison . Spector , who was convicted of second-degree murder and sentenced last month in Clarkson 's 2003 shooting death , will be housed at the California Substance Abuse Treatment Facility and State Prison in Corcoran . However , "  he is not in any of the therapy or treatment facilities at the prison , " said Terri Thornton , a California Department of Corrections spokeswoman . Spector is housed in a "  sensitive-needs yard " at the prison -- the largest prison by area in the state . It functions like a general population yard , Thornton said , "  but it is for inmates with safety concerns , such as celebrities , gang dropouts or those whose crimes make them a target of other prisoners . " Spector 's accommodations are standard , with the exception that the cells are slightly larger to accommodate wheelchairs should inmates need them , which he does not , prison spokesman Steven Smith said . There are several therapy and education programs for inmates , but Thornton said she is not sure whether Spector will participate in them . Inmates who do can work toward a modest reduction of their sentences . Spector is not the first celebrity to serve a sentence at the facility south of Fresno ; actor Robert Downey Jr. served time there in 1999 for probation violation of a drug charge . The California Substance Abuse and Treatment Facility and State Prison houses 6,919 inmates . Although it is in Corcoran , it is a separate facility from Corcoran State Prison , where Charles Manson is serving his life sentence .	Music producer was sentenced to 19 years to life in actress ' death He will be housed in Corcoran prison 's "  sensitive-needs yard " Area is for inmates with safety concerns , like celebrities or ex-gang members
CNN  -- A heavy police presence in Bahrain on Sunday limited marches by protesters organized to coincide with the controversial Formula One race in the kingdom , won by world champion Sebastian Vettel . Tensions in Bahrain remain high following the 2011 uprising , in which the majority Shiite population protested against the ruling Sunni minority . Some of the marches called for by anti-government protest leaders took place , but others were thwarted as police stormed the areas where protesters were gathering . Smoke poured from burning tires in many villages around the capital , Manama , that are home to the majority Shiite community . Witnesses reported arrests early Sunday at a high school in Zinj , a suburb of the capital , Manama , between hundreds of student protesters and police . See : Latest F1 standings and race result Police raids were reported in some areas overnight , apparently as part of a crackdown by authorities to ensure calm ahead of the Grand Prix . Red Bull driver Vettel claimed his second win of the season in the 57-lap race , after starting at No. 2 on the grid , as he moved 10 points clear of Kimi Raikkonen in the championship standings . Raikkonen came in second for Lotus ahead of teammate Romain Grosjean in a repeat of the podium placings from last year 's race . Two female protesters were arrested at the Sakhir desert track Saturday for chanting slogans as the practice and qualifying rounds were held . A TV crew from British broadcaster ITV News was ordered to leave the kingdom Friday "  as they reported on the violent clashes taking place in the buildup to the Grand Prix , " ITV News said . Bahrain 's state news agency said the ITV News team had visas to enter the country but "  insisted on violating laws and regulations governing the work of the media . " It stated that the kingdom was committed to an open-door policy regarding the media , including "  openness , transparency , disclosure of the facts . " Maj. Gen. Tariq Hassan Al-Hassan , Bahrain 's public security chief , said meticulous planning had gone into the event , the official Bahrain News Agency reported Saturday . "  Police are out in force to beef up security measures at the Bahrain International Circuit , " he is quoted as saying . Security forces across the country are "  undertaking pre-emptive and precautionary measures " to ensure people 's safety and protect public and private property , he said . Human Rights Watch warned Thursday of "  the risk that the Bahraini authorities will use repressive measures to close down the protests . " The rights group also criticized the international racing bodies responsible for organizing the race , saying they "  have taken no steps to address human rights abuses that appear to be directly linked to the event . " The rights group reported earlier this month that Bahraini security forces had raided homes and arbitrarily detained a number of prominent anti-government protest leaders . The 2011 Bahrain Grand Prix was canceled after drivers , including former Formula One star Damon Hill , raised concerns after the death of at least 35 demonstrators in a clampdown on unrest . Last year , opposition calls for large protests raised fears that the Bahrain Grand Prix would have to be canceled for a second year running and pose a threat to car crews , workers and fans . But the race went ahead even as nearby streets were blocked with burning tires and trash . Anti-government protesters had labeled the race a publicity stunt by the country 's rulers to make the nation appear more unified . Despite fresh protests in the run-up to this year 's event , the Federation Internationale de l'Automobile , the sport 's regulator , and Formula One Management , the commercial rights holders for the sport , insisted the race would take place as planned . "  The Federation Internationale de l'Automobile  FIA  and Formula One Management  FOM  wish to jointly confirm their belief that the Bahrain GP should go ahead this weekend , " the two bodies said in a statement . "  The FIA and FOM also strongly believe that sport can often be a force for good and that the staging of the Grand Prix in Bahrain will come some way in helping soothe some of the issues which have been raised in the media . " While protesters have used the race as an opportunity to bring global attention to their struggle , the Bahrain government insists the event will bring long-term benefits to its people . "  F1 brings significant benefits to everyone in Bahrain , especially economically , " the government said in a statement . "  Bahrain upholds the right to peaceful protest . It is a country made up of many communities with different views on its development . "  This is why it has launched a dialogue between all political groups to address political issues in a manner that will ensure the country develops in a sustainable way . " Security forces only respond when "  protests encouraged by extreme opposition groups result in deliberate and targeted violence , " it said , and they use appropriate restraint . "  Some unfortunately believe that continued unrest on the streets affords them a political advantage , when it results in greater divisions between communities in Bahrain . Violence can never be tolerated . " The protests in Bahrain started in February 2011 , spurred by uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt . But the demonstrations failed to gain the traction of other Arab Spring uprisings after a crackdown by authorities in the island state , backed by troops from nearby Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates under the banner of the Gulf Cooperation Council . Formula One racing is the world 's most popular motor sport , and races have a TV audience of more than 500 million , though the scenes last year in Bahrain were viewed as a public relations disaster for both the sport and the country 's authorities . Canceling the race in 2011 cost Bahrain from $ 480 million to $ 800 million in potential investments , according to estimates . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Frederik Pleitgen , Salma Abdelaziz , John Sinnott , Caroline Faraj and Schams Elwazer contributed to this report .	NEW : Clashes between police and protesters were limited amid a heavy police presence Sebastian Vettel wins the Bahrain Grand Prix on the kingdom 's Sakhir track Tensions in Bahrain remain high following a quashed uprising in 2011 Bahrain authorities say security forces only respond to targeted violence
London , England  CNN  -- Cherie Blair , the UK 's former first lady , is a leading barrister who holds the senior advocate status of Queen 's Counsel . In 2008 , she founded the Cherie Blair Foundation for Women , where she devotes herself to supporting female entrepreneurs in Africa , South Asia & the Middle East . She spoke with CNN 's Leading Women team about her commitment to eradicating injustice for women , her rise from a working-class family and how she balances her charity work with her professional life . CNN : What achievement are you most proud of ? Cherie Blair : Like every mother , it 's my children , that 's the first thing that makes me really proud . For my own part , it would be when I became a Queen 's Counsel in 1995 . I was the 76th woman ever to become a Queen 's Counsel , so it was still a pretty rare thing . CNN : What cause are you most passionate about ? CB : The thing I want to see before I die is women achieving full equality in the world . I 'm very passionate about injustice against women and there 's too much of it in the world . In so many parts of the world , women are not regarded as worthy or equal to men . In parts of the world women are bought and sold . We think that 's just in the developing world , but women are bought and sold in our country , too . CNN : Who are you most inspired by ? CB : My first inspiration was my own mother , who left school at 14 and started a career as an actress . Then my sister and I came along and my father abandoned her and she had to really pull herself up by the boot straps and work hard to support my sister and I . She was determined to make sure we got all the opportunities that she had been denied . CNN : How do you find the balance between your work as a barrister and your charity foundation ? CB : It 's always a difficult balance . There is n't a time or day when I do n't think about both legal work and the Foundation . I 've just come back from Nigeria where I was doing a legal presentation and at the same time I was also doing something with our projects in Nigeria . I 'm very lucky that as a barrister I 'm self-employed , so everything I do is on a project basis . I do this case and then another case , which allows me to mix and match . In theory that sounds very well planned and balanced , but in practice it 's a little bit more chaotic and overlapping . If I 'm doing a particular legal case , I have to concentrate on that , but I 'm lucky that the Foundation has a fantastic CEO and 17 employees , so they are working on it day in , day out . I 'm very lucky to be able to add to the fruits of their labor . CNN : How do you decide which causes to get involved with ? CB : Sometimes my friends would tell me I 'm very bad at saying no . These days I completely understand one has to have a focus and that 's around women and girls , but that , of course , encompasses so many things . I 'm Chancellor of the Asian University for Women in Chittagong , Bangladesh , which is very much an education project . My own Foundation concentrates on women 's economic empowerment on the basis that if women have their own money and are able to support themselves they can make choices about what happens to them in their lives , about whether they have education , whether they get married and what happens to their children . If they do n't have financial independence and the means to support themselves , it 's much more difficult for them to say no when people make them do things they do n't want to do . Tara Kelly and Lauren Said-Moorhouse contributed to this piece for CNN .	Cherie Blair , wife of former UK PM Tony Blair , is a leading barrister in Britain An advocate for women 's rights , she started the Cherie Blair Foundation for Women Blair tells CNN about her route to success and juggling her legal and charity work
CNN Student News  -- November 14 , 2014 About two-thirds of the U.S. is feeling our first story this Friday : Unseasonable cold , thanks to a "  bomb cyclone , " is dropping temperatures on the country . Science also comes into play in stories about a Hawaiian lava flow and the recent contact between a spacecraft and a comet . For social studies teachers , we 've included a report about the mysterious dictator of a secretive Asian country . Fridays are fascinating on CNN Student News ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . The U.S. is planning to double the number of its troops , bringing the total to about 3,000 , in what Middle Eastern nation ? 2 . For Cabinet nominations , the U.S. Constitution requires the president to seek the advice and consent from what part of the government ? 3 . In what year did the Berlin Wall "  fall , " allowing people to travel freely between East and West Berlin ? 4 . What agency of the U.S. federal government was recently hacked , potentially exposing the information of 750,000 employees and 3 million customers ? 5 . Armistice Day was named for an event that took place on November 11th of what year ? 6 . What country hosted the APEC summit , where President Obama met with other world leaders this week ? 7 . What is the name of the European Space Agency mission to Comet 67P ? 8 . What two-word term describes a political session between an election and the time when the newly elected leaders take office ? 9 . After Mexico , name one of the two leading countries of birth for new U.S. residents . 10 . What is the smallest U.S. state , measuring 48 miles long and 37 miles wide ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- Basma Khalfaoui was helping her daughters prepare for school the morning she heard the gunshots . Unfamiliar with the sound , she thought maybe children were throwing rocks outside . Her curiosity drew her to the balcony of the family 's third floor apartment in the quiet Tunis suburb of Menzah , where she found her husband 's colleague standing next to his car , panic-stricken . "  They hit him , " he cried out . As she rushed downstairs , her mind raced . "  At the beginning , I thought maybe they hit him with a stone or a knife , but not with a gunshot , " Basma explained . After all , it would n't be the first time Basma 's husband , attorney and opposition leader Chokri Belaid , had been assaulted in broad daylight . It was only a few days earlier that a mob of radical Islamist Salafists attacked him during a meeting of the Democratic Patriots Movement in Kef , a town about 160 kilometers  100 miles  southwest of Tunis . "  One month before his death , as he was leaving a cafe in Pastor Square in Tunis , a number of people came looking for him and shouting his name while holding sticks in their hands , " Basma added . As the most visible leader of Tunisia 's Popular Front -- a coalition of a dozen leftist political parties formed last October -- Belaid had been tasked with countering the rise of the Islamist-led Nahda party , which swept into power following the revolution that toppled longtime President Zine el Abidine Ben Ali in January 2011 . Belaid had prepared for leadership from an early age . He was a legend of Tunisia 's student movements and eventually founded the leftist Watad party . A lifelong human rights advocate , he championed democratic reform , secularism , and vehemently confronted the rise of radicalism . And as a result , he and his family were often the target of death threats , harassment , and on occasion , violence at the hands of his political opponents . "  He was being watched before the revolution . After the revolution he got direct and written threats . The last threats came from the mosques , in which the Imams there called for him to be killed , " Basma says . "  They always used me and the two girls to threaten Chokri . He used to tell me about these threats in his own way in order not to put fear in us . " But as Basma approached her husband slumped in his car , she discovered the worst . "  I found him in the car . It was locked but all the windows were broken . I saw the traces of gunshots , and at that time , my only concern was to save him . But I made sure not to touch anything in the car for the sake of investigation . " The assailants , according to witnesses , had waited for Belaid to emerge from his home . As he got into his car , a gunman approached and fired four shots which struck Belaid in the head and chest , then fled by motorcycle with the help of an accomplice driver . "  Opposite to us , there was a medic . He lived next door ... He was also worried so I calmed him down . My only concern at that time was taking Chokri to the hospital as soon as possible . " Not long after the shooting , Chokri Belaid was pronounced dead at a nearby clinic . But this was n't just another politically motivated murder in another unstable Arab country . Prior to Belaid 's murder on February 6 , Tunisia had been widely hailed as the poster child of the Arab Spring . Having ousted Ben Ali and having held free and fair elections , and while their Arab counterparts in Egypt , Libya , and Syria continued to struggle under the rule of dictators desperately clinging to power , Tunisia was setting the precedent for democratic transition in the modern Arab world . And though President Moncef Marzouki pledged Belaid 's "  odious assassination " would not derail Tunisia 's democratic transition - it did just that . The assassination , the first time since Tunisia 's independence in 1956 that a politician had been the target inside the country , set off a wave of political setbacks which caused a security vacuum , creating a vicious cycle of instability that has come to characterize , and still plagues , Arab Spring nations in their post-dictator transitions . Building on an already growing dissent against the Islamist Nahda party , the opposition immediately took to the streets following Belaid 's death . Three days of persistent outrage by hordes of Belaid supporters forced Prime Minister Jebali to the negotiating table . He proposed handing over key ministries , such as justice and foreign affairs , to independents in an attempt to form a more inclusive government and avoid further political instability and pledged to step down if his efforts were not successful . But despite gaining broad support from the general public and the opposition , Jebali also succeeded in alienating himself from his party 's most-ardent supporters . Just 13 days after the Belaid assassination , Jebali resigned as prime minister . On February 22 , ruling party leaders elected serving interior minister Ali Laarayedh to replace Jebali . Laarayedh had been a founding member of Nahda and its spokesman from 1981 until 1990 when he was imprisoned by the Ben Ali regime . A party loyalist and hardliner , the election of Laarayedh signaled the Islamist-led party had no intentions of relinquishing any substantial power . Few Tunisians had probably heard of Basma Khalfaoui before her husband 's death , but in the last two months she has attained rock star status in her country . Leftist supporters clearly lacking the charismatic charm and leadership that died with Chokri , rallied behind Basma who was adored for her strength and determination immediately following her loss . It was n't long before the widow would become the new face of Tunisia 's opposition . Turn on the television or open a newspaper in Tunisia and chances are Basma 's picture will be there . "  The number of people who attended the funeral and the spotlight I am put under has increased the amount of responsibility I am feeling . The whole thing has changed the destiny I have chosen , and yet I feel I am in the middle of the way , " Basma says as she clutches tissues with one hand and constantly fiddles with a charm on her necklace bearing the image of her late husband with the other . Being a political celebrity was not part of Basma 's plan . She had long ago left her activist life behind to raise her family . Like her husband , Basma was a leader in Tunisia 's student movement in the General Union of the Students of Tunisia , a group of leftist and nationalist students concerned with the rising Islamist presence on campus . Following her time at university , she went on to join the Tunisian Association of Democratic Women , a prominent part of the Ben Ali opposition . "  The negativity here is that I am a person who dislikes spotlights . My concern is my daughters , but now I feel the amount of responsibility towards the people of Tunisia . I do n't want to collapse , for the sake of Tunisia . I feel proud for spreading courage in the atmosphere . Nahda party wants to spread fear and I want to stop that feeling , " Basma says . As she spoke , a local Tunisian TV station was still breaking down its equipment which cluttered her modest apartment . Soon , another would arrive for yet another interview where she would , once again , relive the morning that changed her life . "  Undoubtedly , his death is a loss to me and to our two daughters . To me , he was a husband , friend , colleague in the same party and profession . " Later that week , Basma and thousands of supporters donning Chokri Belaid masks and carrying posters bearing Chokri 's trademark mustache and mole , an image which has come to represent the revival of revolutionary fervor in Tunisia , gathered at her husband 's graveside . Chokri 's father and members of the Popular Front addressed the crowd flooding the Tunis cemetery over a loudspeaker between chants of "  who killed Chokri ? " Rally leaders then marched to Mohammad Bouazizi Square , named in honor of the street vendor who lit himself on fire which triggered Tunisia 's revolution . The square was soon filled from curb to curb with activists . Barbed wire lined the streets as hundreds of Tunisian police , equipped with batons and riot gear , looked on suspiciously . That afternoon , the eager crowd lining Habib Bourguiba Avenue , the birthplace of the Arab Spring , parted as a large truck crept past , draping behind it a giant , cascading Tunisian flag . Coming to a stop in the center of Bouazizi Square , Basma emerged from behind the flag to address to thousands of supporters and well-wishers . The day ended without incident , a stark contrast from the funeral procession for Belaid that just a few weeks earlier had ended in violent clashes between supporters of the leftist martyr and those of the ruling Nahda party . Though the opposition was able to display its newfound strength without backlash , it was just another day without justice for Basma . Despite her obvious fatigue , she refuses to rest until those that are responsible for her husband 's death are brought to justice . But buried beneath the sadness and anger , Basma still clings to hope . "  I still feel optimistic as he was before he died . He once said , "  if they assassinate me , a flower will grow . " Now , thousands of flowers have grown in Tunisia . "	Widow of opposition leader reluctantly became a Tunisian political celebrity Basma Khalfaoui is inspiring opposition to the ruling Islamist party What she really wants is justice for her assassinated husband His death was the first political assassination in Tunisia since 1956 independence
Batumi , Georgia  CNN  -- For Iranian tourists strolling in the sun-drenched squares in the Black Sea town of Batumi , Georgia is a pocket of hospitality in a world that has largely closed its doors to them . In Georgia , that all changed last year when the former Soviet republic lifted its visa requirements for Iranians and the tourists started flowing in . While the numbers are still modest , Georgian government statistics show a tripling of Iranian tourists so far this year with visitors now in the tens of thousands . "  When I describe the possibilities , the potential , they are very eager , and they will come , they 're very interested to come more , " says Farzin Valipour , an Iranian Tourism Operator now living in Georgia . "  Georgia is very near to Iran , it is very easy to get a bus or a flight to come here ... without needing a visa , " gushed one Iranian visitor as she took in the historical sites in Batumi . But there is more to this relationship than attracting sun-seeking tourists . "  Desperately seeking a way out of its energy and economic dependence on Russia , Georgia considers Iran as an alternative supplier of energy , and both sides have renewed their drive for an energy partnership , " writes Kornely Kakachia of Tbilisi State University in a recent diplomatic journal . Last month , a few dozen Iranian business leaders arrived in Georgia to seek investment opportunities in transport , agriculture and construction . And as well as having an active Iranian embassy in the Georgian capital Tbilisi , Iran recently opened a consulate here in Batumi . In fact , Iran fits into Georgia 's aggressive strategy to court foreign direct investment however and wherever it can . "  Interest towards our country as a place for investment and trade has been quite high . In 2012 we 've already held investment seminars practically in all counties of gulf region , " says Giorgi Tsikolia , First Deputy Director at the Georgian National Investment Agency . This is a delicate relationship though as Georgia continues to seek membership in both the EU and NATO and remains one of the strongest Western allies in the region . Neither Iran nor Georgia was eager to discuss the growing relationship beyond published statements and for good reason . Georgia does not want to be seen as skirting U.S.-sponsored sanctions against Iran . Iranian business people we spoke to here would not disclose how sanctions were handled in Georgia except to say that the sanctions pose hurdles in all countries in which they try to do business . In fact , Georgia has been a shrewd geopolitical player especially since it now believes it is no longer a U.S. policy priority in the region . "  Georgia 's current policy toward Iran is not irrational . Closer relations with Iran , despite extremely tense relations between Washington and Tehran , is an indication of Tbilisi 's disillusionment with what it sees as the West 's weakening interest in Georgia , as well as its desire to expand its room for maneuvering , politically and economically , " writes Kakachia . For now , the U.S. continues to claim that Iran is becoming more isolated financially and diplomatically . That may be true in many places around the world , but not here in Georgia . CNN 's Eye On series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports .	Iranians increasingly see Georgia as an attractive tourism destination Georgia keen to attract investment from the region Experts suggest Georgia wants to court Iran but not damage U.S. relations
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The director of Federal Emergency Management Agency on Sunday defended giving away an estimated $ 85 million in hurricane relief supplies , blaming Louisiana officials for turning down the stockpiles . A New Orleans charity keeps goods in trash bags in an empty church . FEMA never told it about the free items . "  We still have quite a few left if Louisiana needs those , " David Paulison said . "  But we did find out , we did ask Louisiana , ` Do you want these ? ' They said , ` No , we do n't need them . ' So we offered them to the other states . " A CNN investigation revealed last week that FEMA gave away 121 truckloads of material the agency amassed after 2005 's Hurricane Katrina . The material was declared surplus property and offered to federal and state agencies -- including Louisiana , where groups working to resettle hurricane victims say the supplies are still needed . Paulison told CNN 's "  Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer " his agency distributed more than 90,000 "  living kits " to people in Louisiana whose homes were destroyed or damaged by Katrina . The kits included cleaning supplies , mops , brooms , pots and pans . After CNN reported on the giveaway , Louisiana officials asked that the supplies be redirected to the state , which originally passed on them . John Medica , director of the Louisiana 's Federal Property Assistance Agency , told CNN he was unaware Katrina victims still needed the items because no agency had contacted his office . Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , an outspoken critic of FEMA 's response to the hurricane , told CNN the supply giveaway was "  just a shame . " "  It 's just another example of the failings of the federal bureaucracy , " said Landrieu , who wrote Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff last week to request an explanation . "  We 're still trying to fix it . It 's going to take a lot more work . " Paulison said much of the stockpile included "  things we do n't normally store -- refrigerators , stoves , coolers , diapers , things like that . " States , meanwhile , were requesting those items , he said . "  It did n't make any sense for FEMA to sit on this much stuff and supplies we normally do n't even keep . We have plenty of supplies in place if we have another disaster . We can duplicate that type of commodities and get them for people in need , " he said . The agency 's chief spokesman , James McIntyre , had declined a request for an on-camera interview and told CNN the giveaway was "  not news . " Paulison said the story "  just really missed the mark " -- that the supplies given away were not exclusively for Katrina victims , but were "  donated from disasters all around the entire country . " But e-mails from McIntyre and from the General Services Administration , which manages federal property , contradict Paulison 's account . In an e-mail sent in April , McIntyre told CNN "  in many cases , items were purchased in the field by FEMA . " And in a phone interview with CNN , McIntyre said , "  That is property that was purchased in response to Katrina . We purchased most of that equipment because of the catastrophic nature of that disaster . " General Services Administration spokeswoman Viki Reath wrote the supplies given away were "  surplus from the Katrina and -LSB- hurricane -RSB- Rita disasters ... some purchased by FEMA , some donated by foreign countries and federal government agencies . " McIntyre said FEMA 's storage costs were running more than $ 1 million a year , and that GSA officials wanted to tear down the Fort Worth , Texas , warehouses in which the stockpiles were being kept . CNN 's Abbie Boudreau and Scott Zamost contributed to this report .	NEW : FEMA chief : Louisiana said it did n't want the supplies CNN story revealed last week that FEMA gave away 121 truckloads of supplies Katrina supplies were declared surplus property , offered to federal , state agencies
CNN  -- The suspect in last month 's fatal shooting at Los Angeles International Airport was ordered held without bond Wednesday , after saying he that he understood the charges against him . Paul Anthony Ciancia attended the federal hearing in Southern California handcuffed and wearing a green jail jumpsuit . He appeared frail and with several marks on his face . Standing behind a small glass partition , Ciancia , 23 , answered "  yes " in a seemingly hoarse whisper when Magistrate Judge David Bristow asked him if he 'd seen the criminal complaint against him and agreed to be represented by a public defender . Ciancia was never asked to enter a plea during the court hearing . At the end , the judge ordered him "  detained " after determining he posed a flight risk and danger to the community , said Thom Mrozek , spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office for California 's central district , in a statement . His next court hearing -- unless he is indicted before then -- is scheduled for December 18 , with an arraignment set for December 26 , according to the U.S. Attorney 's Office . Authorities have said that Ciancia faces charges for two felony offenses -- murder of a federal officer and commission of violence in an international airport . LAX victim shot 12 times If convicted , he could face the death penalty or life in prison without parole , U.S. Attorney Andre Birotte Jr. has said . The U.S. attorney general would decide whether to pursue a death sentence . On November 1 , authorities claim , Ciancia walked up to Transportation Security Administration checkpoint and opened fire , shooting TSA officer Gerardo Hernandez "  at point-blank range , " according to a court document . Ciancia then went up an escalator but returned to shoot Hernandez again after apparently seeing the officer move , the document said . He then proceeded through the terminal , wounding two more officers before being shot himself . Hernandez , 39 , eventually died of his injuries , becoming the first TSA employee killed in the federal agency 's 12-year history . Obama visits family of slain TSA officer CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Paul Anthony Ciancia , 23 , appears at a federal court hearing in Los Angeles Looking frail with marks on his face , he says he understands the charges he faces He was n't asked to enter a plea ; he 's set to be back in court later this month Ciancia is accused of fatally shooting a TSA officer at Los Angeles ' airport
CNN  -- The cost of attending college has risen nearly three times the rate of the cost of living , and could eventually put higher education out of reach for most Americans , according to a National Center for Public Policy and Higher Education report released Wednesday . The price to attend college , adjusted for inflation , rose 439 percent from 1982 to 2007 , according to a report . The problem could affect the United States ' global competitiveness , the center said in its biennial report . "  College tuition continues to outpace family income and the price of other necessities , such as medical care , food and housing , " the center said . College tuition and fees , adjusted for inflation , rose 439 percent from 1982 to 2007 , towering over increases in medical care , housing and food , according to the report . Median family income rose 147 percent during the same period , the report said . In Austin , Texas , Tony D'Addeo , a high school senior and straight-A student , hoped to attend an Ivy League school , paid for with his parents ' stock options . But the options , once worth several hundred thousand dollars , are now worthless . "  I think a lot of families -- lower class and middle class -- are having to readjust their plans and goals , " said D'Addeo , who is now looking at a state school or possibly signing up for an ROTC program to cover college expenses . Watch how the economy is affecting students ' college plans " The report gave a failing grade in affordability to all states but one , California , which received a "  C. " "  The nation 's colleges and universities have become less affordable for students and their families since the early 1990s , " it said . "  This year continues the trend in deteriorating college affordability in the majority of states . " See how tuition has risen in comparison to other prices " In most states , the percentage of an average family 's income used for a public four-year college -- after financial aid -- has increased , the report said . "  On average , students from working and poor families must pay 40 percent of family income to enroll in public four-year colleges . Students from middle-income families and upper-income families must pay 25 percent and 13 percent of family income , respectively . " Watch how the affordability of college is getting tougher in the U.S. " In addition , students who enroll in college take on more debt to stay there . "  Over the last decade , borrowing has more than doubled , " the report said . "  Money is n't cheap , " said Georgia State University senior Eric Hahn . "  The process is time-consuming , and there 's also the stress of having to liquidate my investments and wonder where I 'm going to find money , " said Hahn , who had to scramble to find a new loan earlier this year after his lender suspended its private loan program . Hahn is now borrowing money from Sallie Mae , the country 's leading student loan provider . He estimated it will take him five to seven years to repay about $ 30,000 he will borrow . Read full story The researchers said states are struggling with substantial budget shortfalls , a consequence of the lagging economy . The soaring cost of college is on the political radar of President-elect Barack Obama . He has promised to create a new American Opportunity Tax Credit worth $ 4,000 in exchange for community service , according to the Obama-Biden Web site . Recipients of the tax credit would be required to conduct 100 hours of community service . Obama also promised to streamline the financial aid process . Under Obama 's plan , families would apply for financial aid by checking a box on their tax form , which would authorize their tax information to be used , and eliminate the need for a separate application . The United States made modest advances in some areas of education , but the rate of enrollment and completion for college is below other countries , the report found . The 34 percent of young American adults enrolled in college puts the United States behind Hungary , Belgium , Ireland , Poland , Greece and Korea -- which ranked the highest , with 53 percent . Nearly 40 percent of older Americans , ages 35 to 64 , hold an associate degree or higher , putting the United States second in the world in that category , behind Canada 's 44 percent . But the United States ranks 10th in the world for percentage of younger adults holding those degrees -- 39 percent -- far below Canada , which has the highest at 55 percent .	Report : Tuition and fees , adjusted for inflation , rose 439 percent from 1982 to 2007 Public policy and education center gave an "  F " in affordability to 49 states U.S. leadership in college enrollment has slipped , it said
CNN  An era of fumbling for spare change and driving in circles in search for a parking space may be coming to a close . Drivers across the nation and around the world are turning to mobile apps , websites and other forms of technology to both find and pay for parking with greater efficiency . At the same time , major U.S. cities and a new wave of startups are working to simplify the parking process , perhaps marking a revolution in the parking industry , experts say . Eric Meyer , 24 , lives in the Baltimore neighborhood of Canton and knows firsthand about the frustrations of parking in a busy city . A former employee at Phillips Seafood , Meyer found himself driving in circles every time he headed home from work . "  Anyone who has lived in Canton or Federal Hill or a lot of these densely populated neighborhoods knows that searching for spots can be like looking for a needle in a haystack , " Meyer said . So Meyer quit his job and founded the app Haystack , which allows a user who has a parking spot in the Baltimore area to offer it up for a price , usually around $ 3 . A driver who needs a space pays and then takes the spot to complete the exchange . Cities across the U.S. are turning to similar innovative parking technologies . Just this month , Boston 's Transportation Department announced plans to develop an app , expected to launch in the fall , letting residents pay for parking straight from their smartphones . The city of Evanston , Illinois , recently initiated a similar pilot program . Miami Beach partnered with ParkMobile and ParkMe in May to launch apps that help drivers find and pay for parking spots . And Chicago will be expanding its pay-by-phone parking service , ParkChicago , to all its 36,000 parking meters by the end of the summer after piloting the app since April . "  What we 're seeing is a demand from our consumers to offer a level of convenience that really heretofore had n't been the hallmark of the parking industry , " said Casey Jones , spokesman for the International Parking Institute , the largest trade association for parking professionals and the parking industry . The U.S. and beyond So why , beyond the growth of mobile payments in general , are these mobile parking apps catching on ? Christina Martinez , marketing director of the app , website and in-car service Parkopedia , attributes the trend to the recent growth of U.S. urban populations . "  People are moving back into cities , " Martinez said , "  and they need parking spots . " According to the International Parking Institute 's 2013 report , the U.S. cities leading the way in parking innovation include San Francisco , New York , Seattle , Los Angeles , Washington , and Portland , Oregon . And although some apps are only available in select U.S. cities , others have expanded their usage nationally and even internationally . ParkMe provides data , availability and payment information for on - and off-street parking in more than 1,800 cities and 32 countries , according to its website . And ParkMobile , which was developed in 1999 in Europe , has since spread to the United States -- where it boasts 2.5 million members -- along with Canada , Australia and New Zealand , said Laurens Eckelboom , ParkMobile 's executive vice president of business development . In general , compared to Europe , the United States has been a bit slower to adopt the concept of newer parking technologies , Eckelboom said . Parking has historically been more of a challenge in Europe where cities are generally more densely populated , but the U.S. is catching up quickly , he said . Legal threats This new era of parking enables drivers to save time on the road and reduce the nation 's carbon footprint , experts say . It 's also transforming the parking industry , Jones said , illustrating a shift from cash-based to mainly electronic payment methods . But not everyone is thrilled with the emergence of these apps -- most notably , cities that make money from parking meters and , yes , parking fines . San Francisco , for example is experimenting with a pilot project that lets residents feed parking meters through credit , debit and public-transit cards . Sensors enable people to search for open spaces through a mobile app . San Francisco 's city attorney has threatened to sue MonkeyParking , a startup whose app lets users pass along their parking space for a fee , if they do n't shut down by July 11 . Two other parking startups , Sweetch and ParkModo , will also face similar cease-and-desist demands this week , according to the city attorney 's office . The attorney , Dennis Herrera , also sent a copy of his cease-and-desist letter to Apple , which makes the app available in its App Store . He argues the apps amount to illegally selling a public commodity . Supporters say the apps let users share information about parking spaces , not the spaces themselves . Besides , anyone can already text or call a friend and tell them a space is about to open up , they say . Convenience and conservation Bryce Robertson , 20 , of Highland Park , Illinois , uses the PassportParking app when he parks at the train station . This way he does n't need to carry spare change , is notified when time on his parking space is running low and can then refill it remotely . "  My drives to the train station sometimes can cut it really close to where if I had to manually pay for parking , I would have missed my train , " Robertson said . "  As long as I check my space number when I 'm running from my car to the train , I can pay for parking while on the train . " Parking apps like ParkMe and SpotHero also let drivers compare prices of different parking spaces -- and prevent them from building up parking ticket fees . That 's what inspired Jeremy Smith to launch SpotHero , a website and app that allows drivers to reserve parking and get discounts in garages in select cities . "  I had racked up about $ 5,000 in parking tickets , " said Smith , co-founder and COO of the company . "  I realized if I was reserving my parking online , I could be solving my own problems . " The other plus side is the environmental impact , experts say . The less drivers idle , cruise and search for parking , the less the negative impact on the environment , said Kevin Blomberg , ParkMe 's director of communications . The future of parking The next step in this emerging trend may be in-car services that allow drivers to find and pay for parking spaces . "  When you 're in your car , that presents a problem because you have to stop , pull over and start typing , or you 're driving and texting , and it 's not legal and it 's dangerous , " said Martinez of Parkopedia . "  When you 're driving around , you do n't want to be late , and you do n't want to have to pull out different apps when you wo n't know which one does what . " That 's why companies like Parkopedia and ParkMobile have partnered with automakers like Ford and Volvo to allow drivers to access parking services , some of which are voice-activated , from inside their vehicles . Six more similar partnerships are in the works for ParkMobile , according to Eckelboom . Eckelboom is n't completely sure what is yet to come in terms of parking technology , but he has pondered one possibility : "  Connected vehicles are a valuable extension , " Eckelboom said , "  but in the end you could also think about wearables  such as Google Glass  . Maybe that will be another ...  way  to let you start a parking session . "	A new wave of startups are working to simplify the parking process Apps let drivers find and rent coveted parking spaces in crowded cities Motorists can book spots in advance and pay from their phones , saving time Cities across the U.S. are turning to similar innovative parking technologies
CNN  -- When Bryan Clay was growing up , it seemed very unlikely he would one day assume the mantle of "  the greatest athlete in the world . " The reigning Olympic decathlon champion spent his troubled teenage years in Hawaii "  getting into fights " and it was only the intervention of his mother which set him on the path to eventual golden glory . If he earns a place in the U.S. team for London 2012 , the 32-year-old will hope to become the first man to win medals in the grueling 10-event discipline at three successive Olympics , having claimed silver in Athens in 2004 . Assuming he comes through the trials , which start on Friday , Clay will be one of the favorites for gold in the British capital in August . His Beijing triumph followed in the footsteps of other American decathlon greats , the first being the legendary Jim Thorpe , who won gold at Stockholm in 1912 . Thorpe was presented with his medal by King Gustav V of Sweden , who announced he was the "  greatest athlete in the world " -- a tag which has stuck for all subsequent winners of track and field 's toughest test , which is competed over two days . More recently , Bruce Jenner 's 1976 triumph in Montreal gained him massive exposure in the U.S. while Dan O'Brien took the title on home soil in 1996 in Atlanta to great acclaim . Jenner once famously said : "  The decathlon is a big , high brick wall which nobody is able to climb . Nobody ever beats the decathlon . " He cashed in on his success , building up a business fortune , and has most recently has been seen in the reality TV series "  Keeping up with the Kardashians " -- he is the stepfather of the four children . By contrast , devout Christian Clay leads a quiet family life , largely away from the media spotlight , dedicating himself to training at the university in California where he also spent his college years . "  I have my faith that 's first , my family that 's second and my track comes third , " he told CNN 's Human to Hero Series . Troubled early years It was not always so . "  I was n't a good kid growing up . I was getting into fights . I was a very misguided youth , " Clay said . Born in Texas to a Japanese mother and an African American father , he spent much of his childhood and teenage years in Hawaii . His parents later divorced but his mother remained a strong influence on his life , steering him away from team sports where his early lack of discipline would have seen him rebel against authority . "  My mum gave me the option of doing track and field or swimming . I chose track , " he recounted . Clay 's recent book "  Redemption " puts the spotlight on his early years and is subtitled : "  A Rebellious Spirit , a Praying Mother , and the Unlikely Path to Olympic Gold . " It tells of the fights , dabbling in drugs and moments of desperate , pre-suicidal depression , but he came through it with sport and faith his salvation . Having been put on the correct path , Clay earned a place at Azusa Pacific University , an Evangelical Christian college near Los Angeles . It was there his all-round talents were spotted by his current coach Mike Barnett , who directed him towards the decathlon . "  If I 'm being honest , when I was growing up I said I wanted to go to the Olympics , " Clay said . "  I remember I signed my yearbook with the Olympic rings and wrote ' 2004 . ' "  I think deep down inside I knew it was a dream , a pretty far-fetched dream , I did n't know if it was actually going to happen . " Brutal training regime Clay 's early ambitions have clearly been met , but not without an incredible amount of hard work and dedication . Six days per week , he practices at Azusa for up to seven hours each day . He rises at 6 a.m. and is in the weights room an hour later before heading to the track to work on the various disciplines -- a mixture of running , jumping and throwing -- which make up his event . With such an immense training load he is constantly striving to find enough time to maintain his calorie intake . "  It 's just making sure we get enough of everything we need -- enough protein , enough carbohydrates , enough calories . It really comes down to eating as much as you can , and eating when you can . " Clay likes to train early so he can spend the afternoon on outside commitments and in the evening be with his family -- wife Sarah and their three children . Olympic goals Having married in 2004 , Sarah has seen Clay reach the heights in his chosen sport , starting with silver medal in Athens behind world record-holder Roman Sebrle of the Czech Republic . The tables were turned at the 2005 world championships in Helsinki , Finland as Clay relegated Sebrle to the silver . Injuries meant Clay was unable to defend his world crown in Osaka in 2007 , but the following year he dominated the Olympics in Beijing , winning by more than 200 points . Clay admitted to CNN that he has to be careful not to push himself too hard in training -- "  I have to be really disciplined " -- because further hamstring and knee injures denied him the chance to compete at either the 2009 or 2011 world championships . But in 2010 he won the world indoor heptathlon title in Doha and the decathlon at the prestigious Hypo-Meeting in Austria , showing he can still cut it at the highest level . For Clay , the Olympics are the pinnacle of his sport and inspire him to even greater feats . "  The entire world stops , no matter what 's going on , " he said . "  All that matters is that we get together and celebrate in the Olympic spirit , and to me that 's inspiring . It 's about inspiring our youth , inspiring the people of the world to be better , to be the best they can be . "  This is the one time the entire world gets together to do that . " But he knows that he can not afford to make any big mistakes over the two days of competition . "  We 're trying to be consistent because consistency is what makes a good score , " Clay said . "  It comes down to the person who makes the least amount of mistakes , and that 's something that has to do with the mental side of things . " Sporting philosophy Underlying Clay 's gentle demeanor is a ferocious competitive spirit which has stood him in good stead at previous Olympics . "  The decathlon is such an amazing test of your mental strength and how far you can push yourself and your physical strength and endurance , " he said . "  I love putting myself to the test like that . I enjoy it , I feed off that trying to figure out how far I can go . "  I also like competition . I 'm a competitive person by nature and I enjoy saying ` I 'm better than you ' at whatever it is we 're doing . " Clay shares that in common with the great British decathlete Daley Thompson , who won successive golds in Moscow and Los Angeles and narrowly missed out on a third medal when fourth in Seoul in 1988 . Clay will look to match Thompson 's double gold heroics in London , and is relishing besting an athlete he much admires by getting on the podium for the third straight time . "  I can go up to him and say I 've got one up on him , " he said .	Bryan Clay looking to win successive Olympic decathlon titles in London Clay took gold in Beijing and also won the 2005 world championships The 32-year-old American is a devout Christian and family man Clay led a troubled life as a teenager in Hawaii
CNN  -- Conservative groups on Monday filed a lawsuit in New York Supreme Court challenging the legality of the state 's same-sex marriage law . The lawsuit , in which New Yorkers for Constitutional Freedom  NYCF  is the primary plaintiff , seeks an injunction on the Marriage Equality Act , claiming that open meeting laws were violated , campaign contributions were promised , and Senate rules on debate were violated in order to enact the law , which took effect on Sunday . In statements issued Monday , NYCF and Liberty Counsel , the nonprofit legal firm representing them , claimed that : -- New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg held a closed-door session with all Republican senators , "  in violation of the Open Meetings Law , " in which he pressured them to vote in favor of the act . -- Bloomberg promised to make large campaign contributions to any GOP senator who voted in favor of the bill . -- Gov. Andrew Cuomo violated the constitutionally mandated three-day review period before a vote was taken "  by unjustifiably issuing a message of necessity . " -- Lobbyists and the public were shut out from the Senate lobby and "  denied access to elected representatives , " an act the groups said was unprecedented . "  Today we are asking the court to intervene in its rightful role as the check and balance on an out-of-control state legislature , " said the Rev. Jason J. McGuire , NYCF 's executive director . "  It is unfortunate that state senators chose to protect their personal interests , rather than the people they were elected to represent , " McGuire said in a statement . "  Some of the players may have changed , but it looks like same old Albany game . It is time the curtain be pulled back and the disinfecting light of good government shine upon the Cuomo administration and our state legislature . " Numerous calls by CNN to the governor 's office and state Senate officials had not been returned Monday evening .	Lawsuit claims Marriage Equality Act was illegally made law Open meeting laws , Senate rules were broken , lawsuit claims Lobbyists , public kept away from lawmakers , lawsuit charges New Yorkers for Constitutional Freedom is the main plaintiff
CNN  -- Myanmar is facing a food shortage largely due to last year 's deadly Cyclone Nargis , which destroyed nearly all the rice crops in the fertile Ayeyarwaddy delta , the United Nations said Wednesday . A young farmer ploughs a field in preparation to grow rice in Dalla , about 20 kms south of Yangon on July 9 , 2008 . Rice production in the cyclone-affected areas of Ayeyarwaddy and Yangon , the largest city and former capital of Myanmar , is expected to be 50 percent of last year 's , according to the report issued by the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization  FAO  and World Food Programme  WFP  . Rat infestation in western 's Myanmar 's Chin State has also contributed to the food shortage , the report says . "  Access to food remains the critical challenge for the poorest people and for vulnerable populations in remote areas of Myanmar , " Chris Kaye , WFP 's representative for Myanmar , said in a written statement . "  And for many of those affected by Cyclone Nargis , who are engaged in rebuilding their lives and livelihoods , the limited delta harvest means they will continue to rely on assistance to meet their food needs . " Watch Paul Risley of the WFP discuss the food crisis " Although rice production is expected to be adequate this year because of strong crops in other areas of the country , access to food remains a serious challenge to Myanmar 's poor , especially in the delta region , the report said . More than 5 million people fall below the food poverty line and emergency food aid is still needed in cyclone-affected areas , the report said . The cyclone also hurt the cattle and fishing industries , contributing to the food crisis . "  Humanitarian assistance has not restored the production capacity of small to medium-sized farms , " He Changchui , FAO 's Asia-Pacific regional chief , said in a written statement . "  Farmers and fishers are unlikely to self-finance their needs this year , thus entering into a spiral of pauperization of the delta . "	Myanmar is facing a food shortage largely due to last year 's deadly Cyclone Nargis Cyclone destroyed nearly all the rice crops in the fertile Ayeyarwaddy delta Rice production in the cyclone-affected areas expected to be half of last year 's Despite adequate crops this year , food access remains a problem for the poor
CNN  Nigeria has just postponed their national elections by six weeks , now to be held on the 28th March . But this is no simple logistical delay -- the electoral commission announced they were ready for the vote . Instead , the Nigerian military said they can not provide security across the country on voting day , and so forced the electoral commission to postpone the vote . The decision is extremely controversial as these elections are set to be the closest since Nigeria returned to democracy in in 1999 , after decades of coups and military rule . The military say they need to concentrate on a new offensive against the Islamic militant group , Boko Haram , in north-east Nigeria . But it is likely no coincidence that the offensive comes after incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan also pushed for a postponement of the elections . Nigeria 's opposition party have called the postponement a "  setback for democracy , " as they now fear the military 's decision to force the postponement threatens not only their momentum , but the election itself . But this is a problem not just for Nigeria . U.S. Secretary of State , John Kerry , has released an unusually strong statement saying the U.S. is "  deeply disappointed . " He goes on : "  Political interference with the Independent National Electoral Commission is unacceptable , and it is critical that the government not use security concerns as a pretext for impeding the democratic process . " U.S.-Nigeria relations are at a nadir , and at risk is America 's relationship with one of its most important allies in a region threatened by one of the world 's most violent terrorist groups , Boko Haram . The intervention by the military is a serious blow not just to this election but also Nigeria 's young democratic process . And it could n't happen at a more dangerous time . Despite being one of the fastest growing economies in the world , Nigeria 's oil dependent economy has been rocked by falling oil prices , with the worst performing stock market in Africa , record lows for the Naira currency , and depleted foreign exchange savings . But perhaps the biggest danger is Boko Haram , which has made dramatic territorial gains over the past few months in the North East , and despite the latest offensive to counter the threat , they continue to attack major strategic towns . The postponement brings new uncertainty and new dangers . In 2011 , over 1,000 people were killed in post-election violence after Goodluck 's victory , as a Christian southerner , which was seen as illegitimate in the mostly northern , Islamic region of the country . This time , people 's hopes , tempers and disillusionment are , if anything , even higher . Nigeria has an immense ability to absorb crises and the military 's direct threat to the electoral process has passed , not without comment , but without incident . But there are now six weeks to the election . The fear is that this is simply the quiet before the perfect storm . Voters take to Twitter as elections are delayed by Thomas Page , for CNN Upon hearing the news of the postponement , people in Africa 's most populous country took to social media to voice their opinions . The decision was decried by many as a flawed and weak excuse , and with the date of March 28 tied to the caveat of an improvement in the security situation , some voiced concerns about the possibility of future delays . Some believed President Johnathan was behind the delay , saying that he will now use the time to whip up extra support . Whereas others thought the move was designed to extenuate the opposition 's funding . Some believed the delay was a call to arms for all Nigerians to be active players in the democratic process . Others had nothing but tears . Whilst many fear the worst . Read more about the Nigerian election here Read more from African Voices	Elections in Nigeria have been delayed for six weeks The postponement is due to security concerns , the election commission said
CNN  -- Fort Hood , Texas , is -- for all intents and purposes -- a city . With as many as 30,000 residents , it has all the trappings of an American metropolis : malls , softball fields , subdivisions and as many as nine schools . But in other ways , Fort Hood is like no American city . It is a transition point for troops who have served overseas , soldiers who have seen the worst that war has to offer and are returning to life at home . At least 13 people were killed and 30 wounded in shootings on the post Thursday , officials said . The alleged gunman , identified as Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , 39 , was wounded . Some of those killed or wounded were at the Readiness Center , a soldier 's last stop before deployment , said Army Lt. Gen. Bob Cone . It is also one of the first places a soldier goes after returning from war . Officials : Gunman opens fire at Fort Hood Lt. Gen. Russel Honore , who served at Fort Hood in the late 1990s , said the nearly eight years of war in Afghanistan and Iraq have created difficulties for the U.S. armed forces . "  This is a very complex situation , a situation we have not dealt with in the Army before . We have never been at war this long before in modern history , " he said . "  And many of these soldiers have been deployed multiple times , so this has put a lot of stress on these soldiers and their families . "  One of the biggest things on re-entry that the Readiness Center does is to help those soldiers cope with being back home and dealing with the extremes of -LSB- post-traumatic stress disorder -RSB- , " Honore said . It is also where soldiers "  do everything from finalizing your next of kin , inspect your immunization record , as well as make a will , " he said . Fort Hood is the largest U.S. military installation in the world by size , and on any given day , it is home to 25,000 to 30,000 people , according to an Army spokesman at the Pentagon . The post also houses the families of service members and other civilians . iReport.com : Are you there ? Send pics , video "  Some of these soldiers have lost some of their closest friends , seen some of the horrific things associated with warfare including these roadside bombs , " Honore said . "  They 've seen and experienced -- many of them -- some very horrific events . " Services and programs offered on the post range from helping troops who are leaving the armed services find employment or pursue education to helping soldiers deal with combat-related illnesses like post-traumatic stress disorder . One such program , called the Warrior Stress Reset Program , is "  designed to help address those common and normal reactions to war experiences , " says a military Web site . "  It is well documented that participation in a major conflict ... has a way of leaving its mark on the psyche of our soldiers , " the Web site reads . The program lasts three weeks and provides counseling and treatment . U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas , said the post has a robust support system for families of deployed troops , which would help troops and civilians there handle Thursday 's violence . "  The people who are there will surround the families and take care of them , the ones who have had loved ones who were killed , " she said . The Army 's 1st Cavalry Division and elements of the 4th Infantry Division , as well as the 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment and the 13th Corps Support Command , are based at Fort Hood . Fort Hood measures about 340 square miles across and is approximately 160 miles south of Dallas/Fort Worth , Texas . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Adam Levine , Mike Mount and Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	General says ongoing wars have put stress on troops and their families Fort Hood is largest U.S. military installation in the world by size On any given day , there can be at least 25,000 to 30,000 people It is also a transition point for troops returning to civilian life
Salt Lake City , Utah  CNN  -- A federal appeals court cleared the way Friday for the resumption of the trial of Brian David Mitchell , the man charged in the kidnapping of Elizabeth Smart . Mitchell , 57 , is charged with snatching then-14-year-old Smart at knife-point from her family 's Salt Lake City home early on June 5 , 2002 . In court papers , his lawyers have indicated they will raise an insanity defense . The three-judge panel vacated the temporary stay it issued Thursday , which halted the trial just after the defense had begun its opening statements in a Salt Lake City federal courtroom . The trial will resume Monday at 8:30 a.m. , the court said Friday . Defense lawyers asked for a mistrial so the proceedings could be moved to another city , arguing "  serious error and irreparable harm " could come because of juror belief in Mitchell 's "  factual guilt " before hearing any evidence . Smart is scheduled to be the prosecution 's third witness following her mother , Lois , and sister , Mary Katherine . Smart was abducted before dawn on June 5 , 2002 , and led to a campsite that "  was her prison for the next four months , " Assistant U.S. Attorney Felice Viti said in his opening statements Thursday . She was stripped , dressed in a robe and brought into a tent for an impromptu "  wedding . " And then , the prosecutor said , she was raped . In the months that followed Smart 's disappearance , her anguished parents , Ed and Lois , became a familiar sight in the media as they continued to plead for their daughter 's safe return . But no one expected what happened in March 2003 , when Smart was found walking down a street in the Salt Lake City suburb of Sandy in the company of Mitchell and his wife , Wanda Eileen Barzee . Mitchell , a drifter and self-described prophet who called himself Emmanuel , had done some handyman work at the Smarts ' home . Utah prosecutors charged Mitchell with six felony counts of kidnapping , sexual assault and burglary . But in July 2005 , a Utah district judge ruled him incompetent to stand trial , leaving him in custody at the Utah State Hospital . The state case against Mitchell was put on hold when federal authorities stepped in . A grand jury in 2008 indicted Mitchell and Barzee . Judge Dale Kimball in March found Mitchell competent to stand trial . Barzee , 64 , pleaded guilty in federal court in November 2009 to kidnapping and unlawful transportation of a minor and was sentenced in May to 15 years in federal prison . She also pleaded guilty but mentally ill in state court to conspiracy to commit aggravated kidnapping in an attempt to kidnap Smart 's cousin a month after Smart was kidnapped . She was given a sentence of one to 15 years , to be served concurrently with the federal sentence and given credit for the seven years she had spent in custody . As part of her plea agreement , Barzee agreed to cooperate in the state and federal cases against her husband . However , her name does not appear on a witness list filed by federal prosecutors -- and does appear on a list of witnesses filed by the defense . Mitchell 's attorneys earlier attempted unsuccessfully to move his trial , saying it should be held outside of Utah because publicity in the case had prejudiced the pool of potential jurors against him and jeopardized his right to a fair trial .	NEW : The trial will resume Monday morning An appeals court lifted its temporary stay on the trial The judges rejected the defense request for a mistrial Brian David Mitchell is charged with kidnapping Smart in 2002
CNN  A best picture nomination is not exactly nothing . Many would argue that it 's just about everything . Yet there was brush-fire-level rage on and off the Internet -- see #OscarsSoWhite -- following Thursday morning 's announcement of this year 's Academy Award nominations over the fact that "  Selma , " the critically acclaimed drama about Martin Luther King Jr. 's epochal campaign for voting rights in the South , received only two Oscar nods , one of them for best picture .  The other was for best song : "  Glory , " the Golden Globe-winning anthem co-written by Common and John Legend , which one can safely label the prohibitive early favorite its category . Much of the anger was tilted , especially , toward the omission of the film 's director , Ava DuVernay , whose nomination would have broken fresh ground as the first African American woman to compete for the best director Oscar . David Oyelowo 's performance as King was likewise snubbed for a best actor slot while neither Paul Webb 's original screenplay nor Bradford Young 's cinematography , both deemed worthy competitors by movie critics , received the Academy 's acknowledgment in both their respective categories . "  Selma 's " partisans cried racism at the Academy voters , even though a few of these critics pointed out that this was the pretty much the same Academy that a year ago conferred the best picture , best adapted screenplay and best supporting actress Oscars to "  12 Years a Slave . " I was prepared to offer that perspective , too -- until I noticed a distressing dichotomy looming on this branch . A depiction of African Americans in shameful , soul-depleting captivity is one thing ; African Americans organized in open rebellion against their oppressors is very much another . Movie history has many films with black slaves and black victims . It 's much harder to think of a Hollywood movie in which African Americans are depicted as the active agents of their own salvation . "  Selma " is one of those movies . And its relative dearth of worthy nominations is viewed , fairly or not , as a collective snub of not just a movie , but of African Americans ' vision of their own empowerment . It may have been bad timing , as the movie 's nationwide release only took place last weekend . And many blamed Joseph A. Califano Jr. 's opinion piece in The Washington Post , which excoriated "  Selma 's " depiction of his former boss , Lyndon B. Johnson , as an impediment in King 's campaign . That some journalists brought up Califano 's grievances in other articles about the film may have contributed to some restraint , at least , in the campaign for greater Oscar support by Paramount , Selma 's distributor . But one wonders about this : We are in a time when the voting rights legislation passed 50 years ago with the active support of both King and LBJ is under siege both in the courts and in some states . Why are people less focused on this clear and present danger and more caught up in questions of historical veracity of a Hollywood movie ? Well ... we 're still weeks away from the final vote . And however the chatter has leaned on "  Selma , " those who support the movie should be grateful that there is chatter at all carrying the movie to the finish line . With Hollywood , one never knows . That best picture nomination could very well become a best picture win . Why ? Why not ?	Gene Seymour : At #OscarsSoWhite , many complain the ` Selma ' Oscar snub is about race He says consider difference between Oscar support for "  12 years a Slave " and "  Selma " Seymour : One is about blacks as victims ; one is about strong blacks as agents of their own salvation
CNN  -- Megaupload founder Kim Dotcom has announced he is launching a new political party in his adopted home of New Zealand . "  My new political party wo n't be named Mega Party . We are the Internet Party , " he tweeted Wednesday . The aim of the Internet Party is to make politics exciting again , he said through Twitter . The larger-than-life entrepreneur is a German native and ca n't personally run for office as he is not a citizen of New Zealand . However he alluded to his desire to focus his party 's policies around internet privacy and government surveillance . Dotcom founded file-sharing website Megaupload in 2005 , which allowed users to upload music , videos and files . It was accused of being an online haven for digital pirates . The U.S. government shut down the site in 2012 in a piracy crackdown . Dotcom had assets frozen and was arrested in the crackdown that included a police raid on his luxurious house near the capital , Auckland and was remanded to Mt. Eden prison . A judge overturned the verdict just over a month later . Since then , he has faced numerous legal battles . In New Zealand , Dotcom has worked on various projects -- with politics being the latest . Antihero appeal ? Bryce Edwards , a political commentator and lecturer at the University of Otago in New Zealand , believes that Dotcom has become an unlikely beloved figure in the country . "  We have n't seen a maverick like Kim Dotcom throw his weight into politics , this is someone wanted for crimes allegedly committed and has an extreme personality , and strangely New Zealanders have really warmed to it , " Edwards said . New Zealand 's general elections are expected to take place before the end of this year . According to numerous political analysts , there is no clear front-runner , making it difficult to predict the outcome . "  In the past , Dotcom has infamously donated money to a politician called John Banks who is quite far on the right of the political spectrum , so there are assumptions that Dotcom is politically at the right but it 's pretty uncertain , " said Edwards . He also cautioned that Dotcom 's Internet Party must win at least 5 % in order to make any impact on the political scene . Gaining anything less would make people "  feel like they are wasting their vote . " In order for a party to be sworn into parliament in a country with over 3 million eligible voters , it must obtain this crucial 5 % threshold or win a constituency . In a further comment on Twitter , Dotcom appeared confident that the Internet Party would make it mark at the election . "  Get ready for low blows and smear against me and my political party . My attackers are worried . They should be . We will get more than 5 % , " he stated on the microblogging site . Other than technological advocacy , it 's unclear what the party 's exact policies are . Edwards believes the Internet Party is set to focus on some key voting groups including the youth , tech-savvy people and those that have become disillusioned with the current system such as those from a lower socio-economic background and ethnic minorities . A man of many talents It 's not only politics that Dotcom has dabbled in lately . He was planning to launch his debut album titled "  Good Times " at a huge birthday bash for himself on January 20 . However , he had to cancel the event because of a potential breach of electoral laws as it was being held for free . Over 20,000 people had registered on Twitter to attend . Dotcom says he increasingly turned to music to escape his legal woes of the past few years . "  When you have a family with five kids , and you 're facing an indictment with potentially 80 years in prison , you 're not in a good state of mind . But that 's why the music really helped me . When I was in the studio , everything else just turned off , " he said in an interview with The Guardian this week . Megaupload has since been succeeded by an almost identical venture under a new , shortened name -- Mega . Dotcom has said that he will release more details of his new political party on January 20 .	Megaupload founder Kim Dotcom launches a political party in New Zealand His party needs at least 5 % of the vote or a constituency win to get into parliament There is no clear front-runner for the vote , expected to take place at the end of the year He is also launching an album at his birthday bash on January 20
CNN  -- From 1984 to 1999 , Mitt Romney was in charge at Bain Capital , an investment firm that sought out small and sometimes troubled companies that , with careful management and Bain-provided cash , offered the chance for big profits . Bain , like many venture capital firms , invested in startups with the hope that the profits they made on the successes would outweigh the losses they incurred on the failures . Venture capital markets are simple things . Two groups of people who want to create new businesses come together . Venture capitalists have money but lack ideas . Entrepreneurs have ideas but lack money . When they get together , they trade and new businesses are born . We praise entrepreneurs as forming the foundation of a vibrant economy but vilify venture capitalists as money-grubbing opportunists . Entrepreneurs pour , sweat , blood and tears into their businesses , and we cheer them when it pays off . But we do n't see the risk venture capitalists take by investing in entrepreneurs , and so when venture capitalists strike it rich we assume the profit is ill-gotten gains . When entrepreneurs , empowered by venture capitalists , take new ideas and turn them into new products and businesses , job creation occurs . Venture-backed businesses generate a large number of good jobs because businesses that require the financial muscle of venture capital usually require the intellectual muscle of highly skilled and educated labor . In 2008 , more than 80 % of the employees in the software industry , 74 % of employees in telecom , 75 % in semiconductors , and more than half in networking and electronics owed their jobs to venture capital , according to the National Venture Capital Association . From the end of 2009 to the first quarter of 2010 , when the unemployment rate hovered stubbornly around 9 % , job postings by venture-backed companies rose 16 % . Venture capitalists wo n't always get it right though . Sometimes they 'll encourage companies to take on too much debt , or they 'll back ill-conceived business plans . When the venture capitalists and entrepreneurs make bad decisions , it hurts just as when the government makes a bad decision . But when venture capitalists and entrepreneurs make bad decisions , the people who are hurt are people who knowingly chose to invest , work for or do business with them . Venture capital brings together expertise and prudence . They are an experienced and hands-on bunch of people . They do n't simply hand over money . They want spots on the boards of directors that give them the ability to monitor what the entrepreneurs are doing and to provide advice . And because it is often their personal money on the line , venture capitalists tend to be careful in considering the partnership of potential customers and entrepreneurs . Most politicians do not have the business experience to offer meaningful and smart investment advice . No wonder the government stands to lose more than $ 500 million from investing in Solyndra , a California-based solar panel manufacturer that declared bankruptcy last year . If there is any chance of our economy returning to normalcy , it will require our politicians to start putting more faith in businesses . A good way to start is to stop vilifying venture capitalists . Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Antony Davis .	Mitt Romney was in charge of Bain Capital , an investment firm , from 1984 to 1999 Antony Davies : Venture capitalists are vilified as money-grubbing opportunists Davis : Venture capitalists generate many jobs by creating new products and businesses He says that politicians should put more faith in businesses , including venture capital markets
CNN  -- Comic and best-selling author Joy Behar appeared on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " Wednesday . Joy Behar and her co-hosts on "  The View " were recently named on the Time 100 most influential list . "  The View " co-host discussed a variety of topics , including the Miss California USA pageant , her feud with Donald Trump and Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's political future . The following is an edited version of the interview . Larry King : It looks like Donald Trump has made up with Barbara  Walters  . How are you and Donald now ? Joy Behar : You would not believe how friendly he was to me today at "  The View . " The man was all over me . First of all , in the green room after the show , he actually kissed me . I do n't think that he kisses anybody . He came up to me and he actually kissed me and hugged me . It was weird . King : Because he criticized you , as you know , in the past . Behar : Well , he said that you hit me hard and so I went back at you . I do n't remember even what I said . I made a joke about his hair , I think . But , you know , I 'm done with that anyway . It 's an old story . I 'm not interested in his hair anymore , and we 're fine . Watch Behar dish " King : What did you make of  the controversy with Miss California USA  , Joy ? Behar : This Miss California girl , I think she 's doing great . I mean who even thinks of Miss USA ? Nobody even knows Miss USA exists . She 's got a great career ahead of her now , where everybody sees how gorgeous she is . She 's winning the race , believe me , and with new boobs . Who can ask for anything more ? King : What do you think of the fact that your program made the  Time magazine  most influential list ? View the list Behar : That is my favorite , that we are on the most influential list . I never thought I would see this day . I just feel like good , now I can have some influence on Ahmadinejad ,  Benjamin  Netanyahu . Maybe I can have some influence on the world . King : Elizabeth Edwards , as we all know , is battling breast cancer , coping with the fallout of her husband 's infidelity , selling a new book , too . What do you make of that whole situation , Joy ? Behar : You know , what is it with these political wives who love to stand by their men ? I happen to like Elizabeth Edwards very much . She 's been on the show and I 've met her a couple of times . She 's a really nice person , and he 's a dog , you know ? Let 's tell it like it is . He 's a dog and people do not like him . I think his political career is over , and it 's disappointing because he was a decent Democrat . He had his heart in the right place . He was a good liberal , and now he 's out of the picture . Although it did n't stop Newt Gingrich , who also told his wife he wanted a divorce when she was in the hospital . So , you know , bad taste , I guess , does n't hurt all of their careers . So we never know what 's going to happen to him . I just feel bad for her . King : Let 's move to another politician , Sarah Palin . What 's your read on the governor ? Behar : Well , you know , they 're talking about her as the new Republican Party . If that 's what they want for their new Republican Party , that 's fine -- somebody who does n't believe in a woman 's choice , someone who does n't believe in evolution , someone who is , you know , loves to hunt and kill animals or whatever . I do n't know what her reasoning is . Then fine . ... And does n't really believe in global warming . She and Rush Limbaugh constantly are talking about how there 's no problem . I mean this guy , Rush Limbaugh , I used to work with him years ago , and I 've sort of been friendly with him in a certain weird kind of way . He constantly is talking about how there is no global warming . Every climatologist in the world says there 's global warming . Every scientist has said there is a problem . We 're all on this Earth together and this guy goes out and says that there 's no global warming . Who is he ? What is he talking about and who are these ditto heads that agree with him , I 'd like to know ? Are n't they breathing the same air that we are ? King : Do you think Palin will be a presidential  candidate  ? Do you think she 's going to get up pretty close to getting that nomination ? Behar : Oh , I hope so . I would love to see that , because whoever is running against her , that 's going to be , you know , a slam dunk , in my opinion . Because every time the woman is in an interview , she shows herself to be very , very shallow -- you know , as they say , stunningly superficial on another network . So , let her run . I hope she runs .	"  The View , " co-hosted by Joy Behar , named to Time 100 most influential list Behar : Miss California USA has "  great career " ahead of her Behar calls John Edwards "  a dog " for his infidelity Behar says whoever runs against Sarah Palin would be "  slam dunk "
CNN  -- Manchester United football star Chris Smalling has apologized after pictures appeared in a British newspaper of the defender dressed as a suicide bomber at a private party . The England international wanted to make a joke based around the popular "  jagerbomb " drink by dressing in a costume decorated with empty bottles of jagermeister and cans of the energy drink Red Bull . "  Chris and his girlfriend hosted a fancy dress party to celebrate Christmas and their belated birthdays with close friends in the assumed privacy of his own home , " Smalling 's management company Wasserman Media Group said in a statement . "  He dressed in a costume consisting of empty bottles of jagermesiter and cans of Red Bull strapped to his chest in an attempted comedy play on the popular ` jager bomb drink ' . "  Although he fully accepts in hindsight it was an ill-thought out and insensitive decision , absolutely no harm was intended whatsoever and he apologizes for any offense caused . " Smalling , who hopes to be part of the England squad which will travel to Brazil in June for the 2014 World Cup , is not the only footballer to have courted controversy with his choice of fancy dress outfit . The girlfriend of Stoke City 's Jermaine Pennant recently posted a picture of the winger dressed as Osama Bin Laden at a New Year 's Eve party . Outside of sport , Britain 's Prince Harry issued an apology in 2005 after he was pictured dressed as a Nazi at a friend 's fancy dress party . Watch : "  Gay slurs scared me "	Chris Smalling apologizes for dressing as a suicide bomber The Manchester United defender was making a play on the popular "  jagerbomb " drink Stoke City 's Jermaine Pennant was last week pictured dressed as Osama Bin Laden Smalling is hoping to be part of the England squad for the 2014 World Cup
CNN  -- Muslims around the world woke up Sunday and welcomed the end of a long month of fasting with hearty greetings of "  Eid Mubarak , " or happy festivities . Egyptian women perform the Eid al-Fitr dawn prayer at a stadium in Mansura , 120 km north of Cairo . The faithful were ushering in Eid al-Fitr -- three days of celebrations that Muslims mark with joyous community prayers , acts of charity , visits from far-flung relatives , gift-giving and elaborate feasts . "  Think Christmas , Thanksgiving , New Year 's -- all rolled into one . It 's that huge for us , " said Sajjad Aziz of Hoboken , New Jersey . Islam follows a lunar calendar , and the timing of Eid al-Fitr varies around the world depending on when the crescent of a new moon is sighted . So , while most countries -- including the United States -- observed Eid on Sunday , some will begin their celebrations on Monday . The night before Eid , entire communities gather on rooftops , scanning the sky with giddy anticipation . "  It only needs one sighting of the moon in the whole country , and the whole nation erupts in cheers , " said Qazi Arif , 35 , of Sirajgong , Bangladesh . "  It 's a divine feeling , hard to describe . " Eid al-Fitr bids goodbye to Ramadan -- a month of dawn-to-dusk abstinence from food , drinks and other sensual pleasures . Muslims believe the Quran , the religion 's holy book , was revealed to Prophet Muhammad during Ramadan more than 1,400 years ago . The Eid is one of two major holidays in Islam , alongside another called Eid al-Adha . The latter commemorates the prophet Abraham 's willingness to sacrifice his son , Ishmael , for God . On the morning of Eid , Muslims don new clothes and head to prayers that are often held in open fields to accommodate crowds too big to contain in mosques . Those who can afford it donate a small percentage of their possession or its equivalent to the poor and needy so they too can avail themselves for the celebrations . Feasts await at every house . "  It 's a festival principally about community . We 're even asked to take a different route when we walk back from prayers so that we can meet different sets of people to greet and celebrate with , " said Wasim Iqbal of Karachi , Pakistan . For Muslims in North America -- and countries where they are the minority -- Eid is a more subdued affair . "  If you have family close by , then you can kind of capture the mood that you remember from back home , " said Abdallah Gamal , a native of Egypt who lives in St. Louis , Missouri . "  But it 's not the same . " Because the U.S. Census does not ask about religious affiliation , it is difficult to gauge the Muslim population in the United States . The Pew Muslim American study conducted two years ago estimated it at 2.5 million , while the Council on American-Islamic Relations places it as high as 6 million . On Saturday , both President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton offered greetings to American Muslims . "  We know there is more than unites peoples of faith than divides us , " Clinton said . "  So as Ramadan draws to a close , let us hold on to that spirit of community throughout the year to achieve our common goals of peace , prosperity and stability . " It is a message that Afghanistan 's president , Hamid Karzai , also shared during Eid prayers when he called on the Taliban to join the peace process in his war-weary country . The day was n't one of universal comity , however . In Yemen , the government and rebels accused each other Saturday of breaking a cease-fire they both asked for to commemorate Eid . And Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei used his Eid sermon to launch another volley at the country 's arch-rival Israel and at Western powers . "  We 're not quite there , I 'll will admit , " said Mehreen Ali of Boston , Massachusetts . "  But have you seen an Eid prayer ? Rows and rows of Muslims all prostrating together in unison . It 's a feeling of such unity and brotherhood . You have to believe that with that spirit present , anything is possible . "	Eid al-Fitr marks end of Ramadan -- dawn-to-dusk abstinence from food , drinks Timing of Eid varies around world depending on when crescent of new moon sighted On the morning of Eid , Muslims don new clothes and head to prayers On Saturday Barack Obama offered greetings to American Muslims
CNN  -- A study released Thursday claims that troops who report suffering post-traumatic stress disorder as a result of sexual trauma -- namely for rape , assault or harassment -- are much less likely to get benefits than troops claiming to suffer from PTSD because of other causes . The report from the Service Women 's Action Network and the American Civil Liberties Union looked into what is called military sexual assault trauma . Specifically , how did troops  male or female  who claim to have experienced "  sexual violence " fare in getting disability benefits ? Not well for many of them , the advocates claim , calling the "  often unsuccessful " effort to get such benefits "  an unfair fight . " "  They face a broken bureaucracy , with protracted delays and inaccurate adjudications , " the report 's authors write . "  And ... it is clear that veterans who survive in-service sexual trauma also face discrimination in seeking compensation . " They point to data , obtained following lawsuits from the Department of Veterans Affairs , that show a persistent gap in the success rate of those troops seeking benefits for PTSD tied to sexual trauma compared to those who say they got PTSD for other reasons . The Department of Veterans Affairs responded in a statement , saying it is "  committed to ensuring that veterans have access to military sexual trauma-related health care and disability benefits . " The ACLU/SWAN report goes through the 2012 fiscal year and does not include FY 2013 , which ended September 30 . Data for the more recent fiscal year , the VA points out , shows a 6-percentage point gap in benefits grant rates for those with sexual trauma PTSD claims and all PTSD claims Even without this data , those claiming PTSD due to sexual trauma have had increasing success in getting benefits . The claims of 56.8 % of them went through in fiscal year 2012 , much higher than the 30 % success rate in fiscal year 2008 . The report 's authors point out approval rates for PTSD claims not related to sexual traumas went up as well : For FY2012 , those were at 73.3 % , up 20 % from a few years earlier . "  The gap is really striking , " said Anu Bhagwati , executive director of SWAN . " ... The gap got even larger in 2011 and was large , as well , in 2012 . " The VA , however , highlighted training and other efforts that have led to the significant increase in the number of troops claiming sexual trauma who have received disability benefits . "  The Under Secretary for Benefits  Allison Hickey  has spearheaded VA 's efforts to ensure that these claims are adjudicated compassionately and fairly , with sensitivity to the unique circumstances presented by each individual claim , " the department said . " ... Hickey 's efforts have dramatically improved VA 's overall sensitivity . " Notably , claims tied to military sexual trauma represent a fraction of the PTSD claims overall that Veterans Affairs sees . Over the 2008 through 2012 fiscal years , for instance , there were 15,862 such claims out of 591,456 overall . The report highlights significant differences among Veterans Affairs regional offices in benefit grants for sexual trauma . Co-author Kathryn Mammel , from the Veterans Legal Services Clinic at Yale , said that the variation between VA offices for all PTSD claims "  is not nearly as widespread " as that for those specifically tabbed to sexual trauma . The office with the lowest approval rate for sexual trauma claims in FY 2012 is in St. Paul , Minnesota , signing off on just 25.8 % of requests . Offices in Detroit and St. Louis had similarly low rates , while offices in Nashville , Los Angeles and elsewhere showed significant upticks in recent years .	ACLU , SWAN release a report about troops seeking benefits for sexual trauma They 're less likely to get benefits than troops seeking PTSD benefits for other reasons VA notes efforts to "  compassionately " deal with sex trauma claims , notes major uptick Sexual trauma victims are increasingly likely to get benefits ; so are all PTSD sufferers
CNN  -- Five days after a British sailor died training in San Francisco Bay , America 's Cup organizers announced Tuesday that the historic race will go on . The affirmation that racing will proceed , as planned , follows the death Thursday of 36-year-old Andrew "  Bart " Simpson . Attempts were made to revive the British Olympic sailor at sea and on land after his 72-foot Artemis Racing boat capsized in the waters off northern California . The other 10 members of the boat 's crew were all safely rescued , Sweden 's Artemis Racing said . The incident brought into question what would happen with the America 's Cup , a yacht race that began in 1851 off the English coast . Its website bills the competition as a quest for the "  oldest trophy in international sport . " On that website , America 's Cup organizers "  confirmed that this summer 's events remain on track . " That means no change in the start time of the Louis Vuitton Cup -- the America 's Cup Challenger Series -- set for July 7 and the America 's Cup Finals scheduled to begin on September 7 off San Francisco . "  The America 's Cup will go ahead this summer , " said Tom Ehman , vice commodore of the Golden Gate Yacht Club . "  We will see the world 's best sailors racing at the highest level . " Yet the aftermath of Simpson 's death was still part of the race 's news release and a related news conference . Specifically , race organizers on Tuesday detailed who will be on a safety review committee that 's been created in the past few days . Among others , the group will include two-time U.S. Sailing Yachtswoman of the Year Sally Lindsay Honey , race executive and former Canadian Olympic coach John Craig and French boat designer Vincent Lauriot Prevost . Lt. Jon Lane , a 26-year veteran of the U.S. Coast Guard , will serve as a liaison to the group . A day earlier , the America 's Cup explained that the panel will "  review all aspects and training of AC72 yachts . " AC72s are a class of boat -- specifically 72-foot catamarans , like the one Simpson was on -- that are set to compete in the upcoming America 's Cup . The committee will issue its report "  as soon as possible , " mindful of the start of racing in seven weeks , according to the America 's Cup website .	Andrew "  Bart " Simpson died after a 72-foot catamaran capsized in San Francisco Bay He and his fellow crew members had been training for the upcoming America 's Cup America 's Cup organizers say the race will go on They detail who 's part of a safety committee that will review training and racing
Happy birthday , Gloria Steinem ! The "  Face of Feminism " turns 80 Tuesday , and guess what ? Feminism seems to be turning the corner -- again . Many young women are now embracing the term and rejecting the notion that feminists are hairy , ugly , man-hating , angry women . Heck , even Beyonce appeared on the cover of Steinem 's magazine , Ms. , last year . And lest critics point to Beyonce 's overt sexuality as evidence of her hypocrisy , this year Queen Bey took it a step further and wrote an essay for "  The Shriver Report : A Woman 's Nation Pushes Back from the Brink . " In it , Beyonce Knowles-Carter  note the hyphenated name !  proclaimed that "  gender equality is a myth ! " She went on to write , "  the average working woman earns only 77 percent of what the average working man makes . But unless women and men both say this is unacceptable , things will not change . " A few years ago , Emma Watson told People magazine of her "  Harry Potter " character , "  Hermione 's not scared to be clever . I think sometimes really smart girls dumb themselves down a bit , and that 's bad . " Watson added she 's a lot like Hermione : "  I 'm a bit of a feminist . I 'm very competitive and challenging . " That 's not to say all young women feel the same . Or certain older men . 5 reasons why we love Gloria Steinem Rush Limbaugh perverts the word "  feminist " all the time . He likes to call his targets "  feminist extremists " and "  feminazis . " In 2012 , Limbaugh took on Georgetown law student Sandra Fluke . She testified before Congress about the need for her Jesuit university to provide contraception insurance coverage for female students . She even admitted to being an "  American woman who uses contraceptives . " Oh , my ! Limbaugh promptly labeled her a "  feminazi " and a "  slut . " Or to quote the big man himself , "  So , Ms. Fluke and the rest of you feminazis , here 's the deal . If we are going to pay for your contraceptives , and thus pay for you to have sex , we want something for it , and I 'll tell you what it is . We want you to post the videos online so we can all watch . " It so evokes Bobby Riggs , right ? A pro tennis player who , on September 20 , 1973 , challenged Billie Jean King to a tennis match because "  the best way to handle women is to keep them barefoot and pregnant . " Happy 80th , Gloria Steinem Courtney Martin , who co-edited Feministing.com -- a widely read and influential feminist blog -- and author of "  Perfect Girls , Starving Daughters , " says many young women have been afraid of the word "  feminist " because it 's been the target of a powerful smear campaign for decades . But , thanks largely to the Internet , smears like Limbaugh 's are losing their power . At Feministing.com , she says , "  we get mail from teenaged girls in the middle of Iowa who say ... ' I stumbled on your site and realized feminism is n't about man-hating and Birkenstocks . ' " It 's actually "  kind of cool and counter-cultural . " Wow . Really ? Martin says yes . Because today 's feminist movement realized it had to embrace aesthetics . Beauty and fun and relationships matter , too . So does the cool factor . Jon Stewart , anyone ? Stewart has a cultural agenda , he 's cool , and young people follow him in droves . Jessica Valenti , an author sometimes described as a feminist evangelist , says that when she delivered talks on feminism on college campuses a few years ago , one or two hands went up when she asked who considered themselves a feminist . Today , she says , "  now almost all of them do . " And , says Martin , it 's not just because of "  cool " or contraception or abortion rights . It 's because of a more evolved definition of feminism . "  Feminism means a fight for others , " Martin said . It 's about living a "  feminist life . " That means equality for everyone : women , children and , yes , men . That includes advocating on issues like immigration , human trafficking and so much more . Perhaps Lena Chen , an activist and media commentator for Salon , Glamour and her own blog , put it best . "  In my lifetime feminism has evolved far beyond the binary identity politics of women vs. men , " she wrote in an e-mail . "  To me , feminism is one part of a larger global movement for liberation . Gender norms dictating how you ought to behave , dress , marry , or work are oppressive regardless of what body you inhabit or how you identify yourself . " She says social media have helped many young activists in her generation speak with powerful voices . They no longer need one "  figurehead " in "  order to create change . " They just need each other . So , happy birthday , Gloria . On your 80th birthday , feminism has indeed turned a corner . We 'll have to see how far it has gone when you turn 90 . Or 100 .	The face of feminism , Gloria Steinem , turns 80 on Tuesday Carol Costello says feminism is popular with young women , who reject stereotypes Rush Limbaugh railed against Sandra Fluke , but his jibes cut little weight with many , she says Young women see the value in speaking out against gender bias , she says
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  Sitting on a sunny bench in Istanbul 's Gezi Park , Fadime Gurgen dismisses the controversy surrounding the 100th anniversary Friday of the massacre of Armenians under the Ottoman Empire with a wave of her hand . Gurgen , a 55-year-old cleaner , says her family has had close friendships with Armenians going back generations . "  There is no such thing as genocide , " she says . "  Other people are trying to create hostility between us . " Most Turks agree with Gurgen . Ninety-one percent of Turks do not believe that the events of 1915 -- when , according to Armenians , 1.5 million ethnic Armenians were systematically killed in the final years of the Ottoman Empire -- were genocide , according to a recent poll . It 's a sentiment shared by the Turkish government , which denies that a genocide took place , maintaining that hundreds of thousands of Turkish Muslims and Armenian Christians died in intercommunal violence around the bloody battlefields of World War I. Turkey also disputes Armenia 's count of the numbers killed , putting it at 300,000 . It 's a heavily disputed position -- the killings are widely viewed by scholars as genocide and the Armenian government and diaspora are lobbying for wider recognition in the international community . Armenian Prime Minister Hovik Abrahamyan said Friday in statement that Turkey 's Ottoman rulers had planned and carried out a "  monstrous crime " in the years of World War I and called on more countries to recognize and condemn the genocide . Many Armenians living in Turkey still feel treated as second-class citizens . However many have hope that Turkey 's younger generation is more willing to accept that a genocide occurred than their parents . "  Students are much , much more liberal , " says Diana Van , whose grandparents escaped the mass killings . Van is a member of the delegation for the Armenian Genocide commemoration and is writing her Masters thesis on the issue at Ankara University . "  They have access to alternative information written in English , which is not taught in school  in Turkey  . With more access to books , to alternative information , and with a larger democratization process , Turkey will be able to face its history . " A century after her Armenian ancestors escaped death in Eastern Turkey , Van says she is frustrated that Turkey is unwilling to accept what happened . "  Your identity is denied by Turkey , " she says . "  They do not want to face this past . In Turkey , the word Armenian is still used as a curse . Whenever you want to hurt somebody , you say , ` you are like an Armenian . ' " Van says an admission of genocide by Turkey would largely be symbolic . While her grandparents lost their land , she has returned to their villages and she recognizes that trying to reclaim it would be impossible . "  I do not believe that this is going to happen , " she says of the territorial claims made by many Armenians . "  One hundred years have passed . I went to my ancestors ' land , and I saw those Armenian lands full of Kurdish people , who have five to 16 children per family , and I saw that it 's not Anatolia . It 's not my homeland that I had in my imagination . " A growing number of scholars and world leaders believe that what happened should be called genocide . Germany looks set to join the European Parliament , France , Austria , Canada and some 20 other countries in labeling the atrocity a "  genocide . " Two weeks ago the Pope referred to mass killings as "  the first genocide of the 20th century " -- a move that infuriated Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan , who called the claim "  nonsense " and recalled his ambassador to the Vatican . Some notable countries do not recognize the killings as genocide , including the UK and Israel and earlier this week U.S. President Barack Obama , wary of damaging relations with Turkey amid growing unrest in the Middle East , did not use the word genocide . There are several reasons why Turkey maintains its position on the issue . Turks say that to most people there the term "  genocide " is associated with Nazis -- not the beloved founders of modern Turkey . Last year , the Turkish government expressed condolences to Armenians , and accepted that hundreds of thousands of their ancestors died as they were marched out of cities and towns in Central and Eastern Anatolia in the waning years of the Ottoman Empire . But the government called it a "  necessary deportation " during the messy and violent period of transition leading up to World War I -- when many Armenian radicals were threatening to side with Russia . Turkey says that there was never a deliberate , ethnically-driven effort to exterminate the Armenian population . "  It was a wartime precaution , like the U.S. relocated the Japanese population during World War II , " says Dr. Kamer Kasim , Dean of Abant Izzet Baysal University . Kasim dismisses the drive for the "  genocide " label as little more than a propaganda campaign being waged by the Armenian diaspora . Politics and timing is another issue . At a time when President Erdogan is in full campaign mode ahead of upcoming parliamentary elections , he is attempting to assuage concerns about unemployment and slowed growth by drumming up nationalist fervor with promises of a "  New Turkey " akin to the glory days of the Ottoman Empire . It 's hardly the time to label the country 's founders as murderers . That would n't play well with Turks , many of whom have gone through years of schooling that instilled in them a fierce pride in their past . In the same way that American schools often whitewashed the history of U.S. settlers and their relations with Native Americans , Turkish schools have long taken an airbrush to the "  Young Turks . " The movement , which began in 1908 , was comprised of the army officers who were in power as the country transitioned from the hands of spoiled sultans to Mustafa Kemal Atatürk -- the much-adored leader who came to power in 1923 and is credited with founding the modern Turkish state . The taboo surrounding the use of the word genocide began to crack about a decade ago when two of Turkey 's best-selling international authors , Orhan Pamuk and Elif Safak , joined other intellectuals in raising the issue of whether the country 's forefathers had committed genocide . Pamuk and Safak were met with crushing resistance . They were harangued in the court of public opinion , and tried in real-life court on charges of "  insulting Turkishness . " Since 2003 , Turkish schools have been forbidden from using the term genocide . Calling the events of 1915 a genocide would undermine the very narratives the Turks hold most dear , says Burcu Gultekin Punsmann , a senior analyst at Ankara Policy Center who has studied Turkish-Armenian relations for a decade . She says the country simply is n't ready to dismantle the foundation it was built on , or stain the legacy of its founders . "  Turkey is still too young and too insecure to rewrite its history and question the events unfolding at the establishment of the republic , " Punsmann says . But in a statement issued to mark the anniversary of the killings , President Erdogan urged dialogue , saying " ... As descendants of two ancient peoples who a hundred years ago shared the same destiny whether in joy or in sorrow , our common responsibility , and calling , today is to heal century old wounds and re-establish our human ties once again . Turkey will not remain indifferent to this responsibility and will continue to do its utmost for friendship and peace . " But there are other issues , including fears that an official recognition of genocide could unleash a flood of lawsuits against the Turkish government . In 2006 , descendants of exiled Armenians filed suit in a U.S. court against two German banks for restitution of assets , based on evidence that Ottoman ministries required that seized Armenian assets be turned over to the government and transferred to banks in Germany . One 97-year-old Armenian woman living in the U.S. claims to have land deeds proving that her parents owned land that now houses an airport . Her case is winding its way through the Turkish court system , but her lawyer , Ali Elbeyoglu , says the genocide debate has no effect : "  We have deeds , so we are following the law and politics do n't matter . " Others say that the genocide is distracting the country from more pressing issues between Turkey and Armenia , like the closed border between the two hostile neighbors . Aybars Gorgulu , a foreign policy expert at TESEV , one of Turkey 's leading think tanks , argues that it is Armenia , not Turkey , which suffers most from the tensions surrounding the issue . And he says it is n't in Armenia 's best interest to push hard for a recognition of genocide that he does n't believe will ever come . "  There 's no diplomatic relations between the countries , and that plays into why Turks think there 's a crazy diaspora obsessed with genocide , but that 's not true , " Gorgulu says . "  The best thing for Armenia would be to enter into dialogue with Turkey , normalize relations , and open the border . " Meanwhile , the publicity surrounding the anniversary on Friday has prompted debate amongst Turks of all ages . On Sunday there will be a conference at Bogazici University on the atrocity -- one of few in Turkey that openly uses the term genocide . Nisan Gul Goker , a 21-year-old art management student with bright pink lipstick , is one of the few Turks who believes that her country should change course . "  They keep referring to this as an ` Armenian incident ' in quotations and ca n't call it genocide , " she says , boarding the metro to her classes at Aydin University . "  We should be ashamed of this and accept it . "	Massacre of 1.5 million ethnic Armenians under the Ottoman Empire is widely acknowledged by scholars as a genocide . Turkish government officially denies it saying hundreds of thousands of Turkish Muslims and Armenian Christians died in intercommunal violence
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic has had a phenomenal 2011 , but his exertions appear to be taking their toll . Injuries are threatening to derail the world No. 1 's hopes of finishing the tennis season on a high note . Djokovic suffered just his fourth defeat in 71 matches this year on Saturday , losing 2-6 7-6  7-4  6-0 to Japan 's rising star Kei Nishikori in the semifinals of the Swiss Indoors event . The Serbian has won three out of four grand slam titles this season , but is battling to be fit for the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals after a recurring shoulder problem hampered him in Basel . Djokovic , the champion here in 2009 and runner-up last year , said he would travel to France for next week 's penultimate event , the Paris Masters , despite his fitness worries . "  I do n't think I 'll be able to train for the next few days . I could barely serve for much of the match , I was in pain , " the 24-year-old told reporters after losing a set 6-0 for just the sixth time in his career . Has men 's tennis reached burn-out ? "  My shoulder is very bad , we wo n't even talk about the third set . I have a lot of pain in my body from the competition this week . I hope I can be ready for Paris . " Djokovic returned to action in Switzerland after six weeks out with a back injury suffered during his epic U.S. Open final against Rafael Nadal , an ailment which left him unable to guide Serbia into a second successive Davis Cup final . "  It was a shock to the body . Competition is different to practice . I may have forced things too much , " he said . "  I was feeling afraid of the shoulder and what might happen to it . My rhythm on my serve has been completely off . " World No. 32 Nishikori made history by becoming the first Japanese player to beat a top-ranked opponent . The 21-year-old , a wild-card entry after reaching the Shanghai Masters semis , will play defending champion Roger Federer in Sunday 's final as he seeks his second ATP Tour title -- the first came in 2008 . Third seed Federer has won four of his 67 career titles in his hometown event , where he has now won 42 out of 49 matches . The 16-time grand slam champion defeated compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka 7-6  7-5  6-2 on Saturday -- his 10th win in their 11 meetings -- to reach the final for the sixth year in a row . Apart from his 2009 defeat by Djokovic , Federer also lost in the 2000 and 2001 finals . Juan Martin del Potro 's hopes of reaching the eight-man season finale suffered a blow on Saturday when the Argentine lost in the semifinals of the Valencia Open hard-court event . The sixth seed could have moved up to ninth in the rankings with victory , and was in good form having not dropped a set all week , but was surprisingly beaten 6-4 7-6  7-4  by last year 's runner-up Marcel Granollers . The result means that Tomas Berdych became the sixth player to qualify for the event , the second year in a row the Czech has done so . World No. 34 Granollers reached his fourth career final , having won two titles on clay . He will next face Argentine wildcard entry Juan Monaco , who upset defending champion David Ferrer -- beating Granollers ' fellow Spaniard 7-5 1-6 6-3 . Ferrer has already qualified for the London showpiece later this month .	World No. 1 Novak Djokovic beaten by Kei Nishikori in Swiss semifinals Serbian in doubt for next week 's Paris Masters due to shoulder problem Japan 's Nishikori plays defending champion Roger Federer in Sunday 's final Juan Martin del Potro 's Valencia defeat puts Tomas Berdych in ATP World Tour Finals
CNN  -- Even for able-bodied golfers , the U.S. Open is a stern test of stamina . And this week 's venue , the Olympic Club 's hilly , tree-lined Lake course , is as demanding as it gets . Casey Martin can not walk for 18 holes , but nonetheless he will tee off in San Francisco on Thursday 14 years after he made his only other appearance at a major tournament , also at Olympic . Back then he was at the center of controversy as he sought special dispensation to use a golf cart due to a birth defect which affects the circulation in his right leg , causing him severe discomfort . "  It 's not great at times . I 'm able to do it , but I 'm in pain when I play so I 'm grateful I have a ride to my shots , " the 40-year-old told CNN . "  I deal with pain but it 's bearable . It helps me sometimes to concentrate -- I realize there 's only one thing I can do and I try to block out my leg . " U.S. Open latest scores Martin eventually won the right to use a cart , appealing to the Supreme Court after the PGA Tour fought hard to prevent what it considered a dangerous precedent contravening its rules . Legendary names such as Jack Nicklaus and Arnold Palmer were called in to testify against him . In the end , it proved to be a storm in a teacup . Martin tied for 23rd at the 1998 U.S. Open but the Oregon-born golfer played only one full year on the PGA Tour -- in 2000 -- and finally quit the professional circuit after another season struggling on the second-tier Nationwide Tour in 2006 . Since then he has been coaching the University of Oregon 's golf team , but he decided to have a go at last week 's U.S. Open regional qualifying event despite limited preparation . "  It just came together . I have n't been playing much golf . I 've been around it with my team , I coach them , and I practice a little bit but I do n't play a lot of golf , " he said . "  Leading up to that qualifier I was at the national championship with my guys , so I hit about 20 minutes worth of golf balls that week . It was kind of a random occurrence me getting in , but I 'm glad I went through the qualifier and grateful I got hot at the right time and I get an experience like this as a reward . " While his early years trying to establish a place on the circuit were difficult , Martin is now hoping to cherish his return to the spotlight . "  My life changed on Monday night when I qualified -- phone calls and demands , and a lot of well wishers . Which meant a lot , it 's been a really neat experience for me , " he said . "  I have n't had much time for myself so I 'm anxious to get inside the ropes and just go play . Realistically I do n't know what to expect . It 's so hard to quantify because I do n't play a lot of golf and I certainly have n't competed in so long . "  So what does that mean when you go to a stage like this , where there 's millions of people watching on TV and the golf course is so hard ? I do n't know . I do n't even know what my golf should be , but I am going to give it great effort , enjoy every bit of it , add 'em up and see what that means . " Martin has already had a taste of what 's to come after Tuesday 's practice round with his former Stanford college teammate , Tiger Woods . They played together at the 1998 U.S. Open , when Woods -- who had already won the Masters by that stage -- tied for 18th . "  Man , it 's great to see him . And just so happy in life . It 's good to see him in a really good place " said Woods , who is seeking to win his 15th major title but his first since the 2008 U.S. Open at Torrey Pines . "  Unless you really know him , I do n't think people have an appreciation of how much pain he 's in . Just the everyday pain he lives with . He does n't show it , does n't talk about it , does n't complain , he just lives with it . "  And you just look at him and he 's always so happy . It 's very easy to go the other way and be very bitter , because of how uncomfortable he is on a daily basis . But I think that 's what makes him special . That 's what makes him so different than everyone else -- he has such a strong will and such a strong spirit . "	Casey Martin will play at his first major tournament since the 1998 U.S. Open Golfer will again use a cart to get around the Olympic Club course The 40-year-old American suffers from a circulatory problem in his right leg He played with college teammate Tiger Woods in practice this week
CNN  Sen. Rand Paul on Monday invoked the controversial deaths of Eric Garner and Michael Brown last year in a new opinion piece marking Martin Luther King , Jr. . In an op-ed for TIME the Kentucky Republican , who 's made racial politics a centerpiece in his pre-presidential campaign , referenced a 1967 speech by King on the "  two starkly different American experiences " between blacks and whites . Citing King 's rhetoric , Paul added that "  the uneasy coexistence of the two Americas is brought to bear by the deaths of Eric Garner and Michael Brown . " Paul said that his trips last year to urban areas like Detroit , Atlanta and Chicago , as well as to Ferguson , Missouri , have highlighted what he often calls "  an undercurrent of unease , " referring to racial tension that saw renewed attention last year after Brown and Garner were killed by white police officers . Fact-checking Rand Paul 's disability claims Traveling to places with nontraditional GOP voters has been part of Paul 's strategy to brand himself as a Republican willing to expand the party 's appeal . He 's been aggressive in working with Democrats to push criminal justice reform and calling for demilitarization of police forces . "  We need to notice and be aware of the injustices embedded in our criminal system , " he said in the op-ed , though noting that he believes "  most police are conscientious and want only to provide safety for us . " "  The blame , " he continued , "  should be directed to the laws and the politicians who order police into untenable positions , that insist on ` taking down ' someone for selling a couple of untaxed cigarettes . " On Monday , Paul is scheduled to appear on an MTV special commemorating Martin Luther King , Jr. . Day . "  I am optimistic , but peace will only come when those of us who have enjoyed the American Dream become more aware of those who are missing out on the Dream , " he wrote in the op-ed . "  The future of our country will be secure when we break down the wall that separates us from ` the other America . ' " Ran Paul questions French immigration policy Paul 's itinerary in the past couple of years has also included speaking at historically black colleges , and he was the only elected Republican to address the National Urban League last summer . When he met with local NAACP leaders in Ferguson in October , he said the GOP 's "  biggest mistake " in the past few decades has been not competing for African Americans ' votes . And he sat down with Rev. Al Sharpton shortly after the midterm elections . Though he 's received some praise , he 's faced skepticism over the authenticity of his outreach , especially when he 's said there 's been no "  bigger defender of minority rights in the Congress " than himself . Rep. Barbara Lee said in a recent op-ed that he needs "  to do a much better job if he actually expects to win " votes from African Americans .	Rand Paul commemorates MLK day with an op-ed on the need to bridge the "  two Americas " The Kentucky Republicans has been active in reaching out to minorities ahead of his likely presidential bid
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A Taliban suicide bomb squad disguised as regular Afghan army troops stormed a strategic city close to the border with Pakistan Tuesday , prompting a fierce six-hour battle with U.S. troops , local officials and the U.S. military said . A U.S. soldier on patrol in Khost province in February 2009 . The insurgents attacked a municipal building in the center of the city of Khost , a U.S. military spokesman said . At least 10 suicide bombers were killed in the attacks , which also left five troops and four civilians dead , Afghan police said . Local police chief Abdul Qayum Baqee Zoi told CNN the attacks , which ended at 4:30 p.m. involved 10 Taliban suicide bombers in Afghan National Army uniforms and explosive vests . Seven detonated and three were shot dead . A U.S. military spokesman said the city -- a hotbed of Taliban activity -- remained volatile as reports of running battles , kidnappings and fatalities surfaced . The developments came shortly after the United States announced it was changing its military leadership in Afghanistan , replacing Gen. David McKiernan with Lt. Gen. Stanley McChrystal , a former special operations chief . Tuesday 's fighting began when U.S. forces responded to a suicide bomber at a government compound in the city and came under heavy attack , the U.S. military spokesman said . Officials in Khost told CNN that insurgents attacked the municipal building , and the police chief there said attackers killed two police officers , two security guards and two civilians in that incident . A Taliban spokesman in Afghanistan earlier told CNN 30 Taliban fighters were involved in the attack , and confirmed they were suicide bombers wearing explosive vests . The U.S. military spokesman said U.S. troops killed several militants but had to fall back . A U.S. quick reaction force from a nearby base was called in , entering the city with U.S. ground forces , he said . The spokesman said additional Taliban suicide bombers then entered government buildings , killing additional Afghans . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Tomas Etzler contributed to this report	Taliban militants attacked a municipal building in the city of Khost Insurgents said to be fighting battles with U.S. forces and taking hostages Khost is notorious hotbed of Taliban activity near Pakistan border
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Hair driers blast air and racks of clothing clatter past as organizers make their final preparations for a fashion show . Some of the backstage bustle is downright comical . Short Turkish women , carefully wrapped up in trench-coats and brightly-colored Muslim headscarves , struggle to help towering , leggy models from Slavic and Latin countries change in and out of outfits . This is not your typical fashion show . The show is highlighting Islamic women 's clothing -- even though very few of the models working here are Muslim . "  Listen , I 'm coming from Venezuela -LSB- where -RSB- we are always walking in shorts , t-shirts , flip-flops . Not afraid to show it . But here it 's totally different , " said Cristina Buderacky , a model who stood more then six feet tall in a peach-colored lycra outfit that resembled a pair of long-sleeved pyjamas with blousy trousers . She later made a half-serious plea for help as a Turkish woman slipped a two-piece "  bonnet " over her head . The headpiece tightly covered Buderacky 's hair , leaving only her neck and face exposed . Nearby , a Russian-speaking model dressed in a sky-blue version of the same outfit whispered to a friend , "  I look like a clown . " Moments later , to the soundtrack of throbbing dance music , the women strutted across the stage dressed in an array of these pastel-colored costumes . The costumes are part of a swimsuit collection . Known as Hasema after the Turkish company that manufactures them , the full-body suits are designed to let conservative women swim and exercise at the beach or pool without being too revealing . Turan Kisa , an export marketer for Hasema , said the suits are exported to 35 countries . "  Muslim women are choosing these models , " he said holding up a sequin-embroidered lilac-colored full-body bathing suit . "  Especially the last five years , Muslim women -LSB- are -RSB- really following fashion . " According to the manufacturers at this trade show , the Islamic women 's fashion industry is growing and evolving . It also seems to be co-opting sales and marketing methods perfected in the secular fashion world . "  Ten years ago , most of the colors were black or grey , " says Halim Ozahi of the Turkish manufacturer Buketex . "  Now you can see everywhere pink , yellow , blue . " Ozahi said during the same time period his company had gone from manufacturing 10 different dress designs to more then 150 . The designs on display here are a far cry from the black robes and all-concealing burqas many Westerners associate with the Islamic world . "  The younger generation of Muslims coming up , they want something stylish , " said Hamza Ali , a visiting American who works with the South Carolina-based company Muslimclothing.com . "  There 's nothing wrong with being beautiful , there 's nothing wrong with being classy , nothing wrong with being fashionable , nothing wrong with wearing the latest thing out there . As long as it 's modest , " Ali added . This relatively new industry may be growing , but it still appears to be dominated by men . Most of the sales representatives manning booths at the trade show are male . Nur Yamankaradeniz is one exception . She designs high-priced gowns studded with Swarovski crystals for conservative Muslim women as well as their secular counterparts . "  A covered person should not be scary , she should look nice , " Yamankaradeniz said . "  We are trying very hard to get them to accept this . " Yamankaradeniz herself was dressed in a black trench-coat , with a lavender blouse , a brown paisley-patterned headscarf , and a gold watch studded with diamonds . One of the few Muslim models hired to stride the catwalk here is Alfina Nasyrova , a woman who wore a midriff revealing t-shirt as she did her make-up backstage . "  In these clothes , you are feeling so clean , so pure , " she said , after changing into a blue-and-white striped full body Hasema swim suit . Asked whether she would wear a Hasema to the beach this summer , she answered , with a laugh , "  Normally , I wear a bikini . "	Islamic fashion shows off designs for fashion conscious , conservative Muslim women The Hasema is a full-body suit designed to let women swim and without being too revealing Designer Nur Yamankaradeniz : A covered person should not be scary , she should look nice Manufacturer Halim Ozahi says the industry has transformed over the last 10 years
CNN  -- The State of the World 's Mothers is ... strong . In Finland , that is . Or anywhere in Scandinavia . And most of Western Europe , Australia , New Zealand and Singapore . They all place in the top 20 of Save the Children 's annual Mothers ' Index . But motherhood in sub-Saharan Africa is a very tough proposition . The region has all 10 of the most difficult places for mothers in this year 's ranking , with conflict-plagued Democratic Republic of the Congo last on the list . Among the bottom 20 , only Haiti , Papua New Guinea and Yemen are in other regions of the world . And the United States ? We come in 30th on the Mothers ' Index . We may be 10th in per capita income and the number of years a mom can expect her child to attend school . But the good news ends there . We are just above Japan and South Korea overall , but below Belarus , Canada , Israel and Poland . This year 's report on the State of the World 's Mothers shows that we need to do better by moms in many parts of the world , including right here at home . Two factors holding the United States back are indicators we 've found to best represent the health and well-being of mothers and children -- their chances for survival . When it comes to a woman 's lifetime risk of dying in pregnancy or childbirth , we do better than only five other developed countries : Albania , Latvia , Moldova , Russia and Ukraine . American women are 10 times more likely to die eventually from pregnancy-related causes than women in Estonia , Greece or Singapore . Opinion : Men , step up on family planning Our child mortality rate , meanwhile , is on par with those in Qatar and Slovakia . Moms here are also three times as likely to lose a child by age 5 as moms in Iceland . After 14 years of assessing the state of the world 's mothers , Save the Children finds child mortality an indicator not only of children 's health and nutrition , but of the quality of care that mothers receive before , during and after pregnancy . This year 's report delved deeper into the dangers posed to children on what turns out to be the riskiest day of life -- the first . In the United States , 11,300 babies a year die on the day they are born . That 's more than in the rest of the industrialized world combined . What can be done to save babies here is not as clear as in many parts of the world . Globally , more than 1 million babies die the day they are born . But we also know that up to 75 percent of the 3 million newborns who die in the first month of life could be saved if trained health workers -- not necessarily doctors -- could deliver very basic interventions . An antiseptic costing 25 cents could prevent deadly infections starting in the umbilical cord . Basic resuscitation devices costing $ 6 and less could save 229,000 babies a year . "  Kangaroo Mother Care " could save nearly a half-million premature babies through the warmth of their own mothers ' skin , no incubators necessary . Opinion : On Mother 's Day , let 's talk diapers But in the United States , every baby can easily have access to far more sophisticated care at birth . So why are babies still dying and what can we do for them and their moms ? Some of the reasons are congenital and difficult to address anywhere . Another reason is our high rates of premature birth . One in eight babies is born too soon here . We ca n't fully explain this , although we know that the age of the mother and health issues like obesity play a role , as do high rates of elective cesarean sections . What we do know is that poor women are more likely to lose their babies , and that African-Americans suffer the highest rates of loss . We need more research in this area and more action for America 's poorest children in general . Save the Children is calling on Congress to create a National Commission on Children to address the critical issues facing the 22 percent of American children born into poverty . Those issues include boosting their chances of surviving the very first day . American mothers deserve this action . There 's one other important indicator on our Mother 's Index : political status . Countries that outperform their economic peers on maternal and child health tend to do very well on the political status of women . If we look back to 2000 , the year of our first Mothers ' Index , Rwanda had a very high rate of female representation in government . Since then it has made some of the greatest regional gains in helping its mothers and children survive . The Scandinavian countries also have long had high proportions of women in parliament , and they have some of the world 's most supportive policies around motherhood , and some of the best outcomes for mothers and their children . It makes sense that when women are in political power , children in that country do better . They know firsthand what mothers and children need to succeed . Today , women hold 19 percent of seats in the U.S. Congress -- the highest percentage in our nation 's history . But still , about half the countries in the world do better than that . The United States remains the only developed country with no guarantee of paid maternity leave and is lagging behind on how much women earn compared with men . We need more women -- and men -- in leadership positions to focus on what will make a difference for American mothers and children to get our country out of 30th place . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carolyn Miles .	Carolyn Miles : State of world 's mothers best in places like Scandinavia , Singapore She says U.S. is 30th in Save the Children 's annual index , below Canada , Belarus , Poland Factors causing rating : death in childbirth , infant mortality , lagging political power , she says Miles : Congress , create National Commission on Children to address poverty for moms , kids
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- As mental health advocates , policy makers , practitioners , educators and researchers gathered at the Carter Center to discuss the progress in addressing American children 's mental health needs , a drama of sorts was reaching its conclusion halfway across the country . The former first lady kicked off the 24th annual Rosalynn Carter Symposium on Mental Health Policy . The governor of Nebraska signed a bill Friday to change a controversial safe-haven law by restricting the age at which a child could be dropped off at a hospital without parents being prosecuted . Since the law took effect in September , 35 children -- all but six of them older than 10 -- have been dropped off at Nebraska hospitals . The revised law adds a 30-day age limit ; it was approved by the legislature at a special session Friday and goes into effect at 12:01 a.m. Saturday . These two events appear to have little in common , but they are "  intimately related , " according to Jane Knitzer , one of the pivotal speakers at the 24th annual Rosalynn Carter Symposium on Mental Health Policy in Atlanta , Georgia . "  Many of these families are families that have come to the attention of the service systems already , have been struggling since their children were young . They have n't gotten the help they need ; they are feeling totally desperate . We have a system that does n't respond early enough and with appropriate intensity . " Knitzer , director of the National Center for Children in Poverty and a clinical professor of population and family health at Columbia University 's Mailman School of Public Health , should know . Twenty-five years ago , she wrote a report that summarized , state by state , the programs available to children with mental health needs and their families , and the policies that govern them . The portrait was a bleak one , with many states not even able to identify the dollar amount budgeted for children 's mental health . Twenty-five years later , the situation is improved but is n't much better , according to the report 's sequel , "  Unclaimed Children Revisited : The status of children 's mental health policy in the United States , " which was unveiled at the symposium . The landscape is still one of patchwork policy and hodgepodge programs both among states and within individual states , with very few states having a cohesive strategy for addressing the needs , much less the infrastructure and funding to carry that strategy out . "  I am really distressed about how we treat children ; this is something I have worked on and been concerned about for years , " former first lady Rosalynn Carter told CNN . "  We know what to do for them , and we do n't do it . When we finally do something with them is when they get in trouble . We neglect children . " Carter has been a mental health advocate since 1970 , when her husband , former President Carter , was running for governor of Georgia . "  We have learned so much about children , about the developing brain and treatments that work , and we just do n't use them ; that is one reason this symposium is so important , " Carter said . "  We have children 's advocates from across the nation , and if we can just band together and try to do something about it . This is a really , really great time , because we have a new administration in Washington , and hopefully we can form a strong enough advocacy group and get some things changed , if not everything we 'd like . " The endeavor is a giant undertaking , and the number of affected children and families is huge . Research shows that approximately one in five children has a diagnosable mental disorder ranging from "  mild , " such as attention-deficit  hyperactivity  disorder , to the more severe . More than three-quarters of these children do n't get the services they need , and what they do get is based purely on chance : which state they happen to live in . "  For the last 25 years , most of the leadership has come from states as opposed to having a federal system , " explains Janis Cooper , co-author of "  Unclaimed Children Revisited . " "  That is kind of our make-up in the United States ; on the other hand , there are certain things that are very hard to move without having a federal vision . " Cooper is the director of child health and mental health at the National Center for Children in Poverty and an assistant clinical professor of health policy and management at Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health . "  There are all kinds of consequences of untreated mental illness , " Cooper said , from unneeded suffering to suicide to situations like the Columbine High School shootings . "  On the other end of the spectrum , untreated mental illness can cost us a lot of money in our system . If you want to talk in terms of cost effectiveness : We have a lot of kids in juvenile justice facilities , in child welfare facilities , because we are not intervening early enough with them . " That is not even counting the cost of lost productivity to society . "  We know in the mental health community that if you give children good health care before and after birth , good nurturing , good mind stimulation , they have a much better chance to grow up to be contributors to the community , well-adjusted young people , " Carter said . "  And we just do n't do it . It is very , very distressing . " There are many barriers to better mental health care for children : a lack of awareness of the issue , a lack of a unified vision from the federal government , no political will to change the situation , a lack of adequate funding and the de-stigmatization of mental illness . Progress is plodding forward . Carter , Cooper and Knitzer all pointed to the recent passage of the "  mental health parity " provision , tacked on to the $ 700 billion economic bailout bill , which would require health insurance companies to cover mental illness on an equal basis with physical illness . Another hopeful sign , they say , is the incoming Obama administration and its possible appointment of former Sen. Tom Daschle to be secretary of health and human services . "  My hope for the new administration is that we will be able to enact , to build , a supportive health care framework and a mental health framework that makes sense given our knowledge and given it 's the 21st century , " Knitzer said . "  And to really move forward . I am hoping that there will be support for this as we talk about health care reform . " The situation in Nebraska "  is no surprise , " Knitzer said . "  We need to see this as an opportunity to say ` this is why we need a stronger mental health system , ' not that we should only let people drop off the babies . This is a clarion call to say why it is so important that we build a mental health system that supports children and families . Because these are families that are crying out for help , and we are saying there is nobody there . "	Experts from across the country gather to discuss mental health needs of children One in five U.S. children has a diagnosable mental disorder 75 to 80 percent of affected children do not get the needed mental health services Hope is high that new administration will tackle issue in health care reform
Editor 's note : Jack Cafferty is the author of a new book , "  Now or Never : Getting Down to the Business of Saving Our American Dream . " He provides commentary on CNN 's "  The Situation Room " daily from 4 to 7 p.m. ET . You can also visit Jack 's Cafferty File blog . Jack Cafferty says people are losing faith in their ability to realize the American dream . NEW YORK  CNN  -- There is a chill wind blowing across this land of ours . People are losing faith in their ability to realize the American dream . While AIG pays out $ 165 million in bonuses to people who arguably contributed to the need for the federal government to hand them $ 170 billion of our money , and while politicians lie about who crafted the language that allowed this kind of stuff to happen  Are you listening Chris Dodd ?  , the average American is seeing his future disintegrate in front of his eyes . Here are some numbers that suggest we are losing hope : A CNN-Opinion Research Corp. poll shows 39 percent of those surveyed say they 're very confident they 'll be able to keep up their quality of life . That 's down from 45 percent a year ago . Fifty percent of homeowners with a mortgage say they 're very confident they can keep making their house payments . Again , that 's down from 58 percent a year ago . Also down are the percentages of Americans who are confident they can pay their other debts , things like credit cards and car loans . When it comes to saving for long-term goals , it 's even worse . Only 24 percent of parents say they 're very confident they 'll be able to pay to send their children to college , and only 22 percent of those who are still working think they 'll be able to save enough for retirement . This used to be the country where each succeeding generation could look forward to a better quality of life than their parents enjoyed . In the meantime , as the federal government continues to print money that is n't worth the paper it 's written on and as our national debt soars past $ 11 trillion , a United Nations panel is set to recommend that the world ditch the U.S. dollar as its reserve currency in favor of a shared basket of currencies . One of the enduring strengths of the dollar has been that it has always been the currency of choice in times of crisis . But that 's not the case anymore . Our ballooning deficits have driven down the value of the dollar so much that the Chinese government recently asked for guarantees from Washington that the Treasury bills they own are safe . All of this is n't lost on the average American . Last week there were protests and demonstrations by taxpayers in cities all around the country who are beginning to object in increasing numbers to runaway government spending , taxes , bailouts and our growing national debt . These protests were called tea parties . Has a familiar ring to it , does n't it ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jack Cafferty .	Jack Cafferty : People are losing faith in their ability to achieve American dream He says poll found fewer are very confident they 'll maintain quality of life Americans worried about paying off loans and sending children to college , he says Cafferty : Idea that next generation would have a better life is now at risk
CNN  -- A new poll shows that two-thirds of Americans surveyed think the U.S. should lift its travel ban on Cuba , and three-quarters think the U.S. should end its five-decade estrangement with the country . Fidel Castro led Cuba 's communist revolution in 1959 and recently handed over power to his brother Raul . According to the CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll conducted April 3 to 5 , 64 percent of the 1,023 Americans surveyed by telephone thought the U.S. government should allow citizens to travel to Cuba . And 71 percent of those polled said that the U.S. should reestablish diplomatic relations with Cuba , while 27 percent opposed such a move . Both questions had a sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points . The Obama administration has signaled that new rules on family travel and remittances to Cuba may be announced before President Obama goes to the Summit of the Americas on April 17 . A group of senators and other supporters unveiled a bill March 31 to lift the 47-year-old travel ban to Cuba . "  I think that we finally reached a new watermark here on this issue , " said Sen. Byron Dorgan , D-North Dakota , one of the bill 's sponsors . Sen. Richard Lugar , R-Indiana , another sponsor of the bill , issued a draft report in February that said it was time to reconsider the economic sanctions . Lugar is the ranking Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . Interactive : Learn more about Cuba " "  Republicans as well as Democrats favor reestablishing diplomatic relations with Cuba , " CNN polling director Keating Holland said . "  On the issue of lifting travel restrictions , Republicans are evenly divided , while independents and Democrats support the change . " A delegation from the Congressional Black Caucus traveled to Cuba earlier this week to find out if Cuba was interested in resuming relations with the U.S. , said Rep. Barbara Lee , D-California , a member of the delegation . "  We have to remember that every country in Latin America , 15 countries , have normal relations with Cuba , " Lee said . "  We 're the country which is isolated . " Watch Lee discuss her visit to Cuba " Lee said that Cuba has no preconditions on resuming relations . The trip prompted a pair of Republican congressmen to rip the Black Caucus members for ignoring Cuba 's "  myriad gross human rights abuses , " saying the trip to the island nation ignored the plight of political prisoners under the Castro regime . Reps. Chris Smith of New Jersey and Frank Wolf of Virginia also urged the Obama administration to refrain from easing trade embargo or travel restrictions until the Cuban government releases all "  prisoners of conscience , " shows greater respect for freedom of religion and speech , and holds "  free and fair " elections . Cuban-American members of Congress , regardless of party affiliation , have voiced outrage over the easing of relations . Florida Republican Sen. Mel Martinez , who was born in Cuba , does n't want to see changes to the embargo . "  Having tourists on Cuban beaches is not going to achieve democratic change in Cuba , " Martinez has said . New Jersey Sen. Robert Menendez , a Democrat and Cuban-American , said in a recent speech that the Cuban government is "  pure and simple a brutal dictatorship . ... The average Cuban lives on an income of less than a dollar a day . " Obama has said he is in favor of changing the relationship with Cuba . The $ 410 billion budget Obama signed in March makes it easier for Cuban-Americans to travel to Cuba and to send money to family members on the island . It could also allow the sale of agricultural and pharmaceutical products to Cuba . Three provisions attached to the omnibus spending bill loosened restrictions enacted by former President Bush after he came to office in 2001 . U.S. citizens are allowed to visit Cuba , but must apply for special licenses to do so . Though it is illegal , some citizens travel to a third country like Mexico or Canada and then into Cuba . Fidel Castro led the 1959 revolution that overthrew Cuba 's Batista dictatorship . The United States broke diplomatic ties with the nation in 1961 . The next year , the U.S. government instituted a trade embargo . Both policies remain in effect . Interactive : A look at the Fidel Castro 's life " CNN 's Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	Two-thirds of those surveyed say U.S. should lift travel ban on Cuba Americans banned from traveling to Cuba , although some do from other countries President Obama has said he is in favor of changing the relationship with Cuba But some members of Congress are against opening relations
The Republican-led House on Thursday voted to form a select committee to investigate the deadly Benghazi terror attack , elevating its oversight of an issue that has become a partisan flashpoint . Benghazi -- government cover-up or right-wing conspiracy theory ? A nearly party line vote of 232-186 established the panel despite investigations by multiple House committees that have reviewed documents , interviewed witnesses and held numerous hearings . The September 2012 armed assault on the U.S. diplomatic compound in eastern Libya killed four Americans , including Ambassador Christopher Stevens . Democrats were still deciding whether to participate in the committee , arguing its creation was a political ploy to keep the controversy in play during a midterm election year . More will be known about that as early as Friday . House Speaker John Boehner said new questions about the Obama administration 's handling of the matter now required the House "  to respond as one institution " to arrive at the truth . But House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said Republicans have exploited the tragedy , adding that the "  nation deserves better than yet another deeply partisan and political review . " Hillary Clinton : No reason for new Benghazi committee Boehner said the committee would have robust authority and its investigation "  will not be a partisan process . " New information released last week The Obama administration has come under fire over questions about the level of security before the armed assault , its reaction to it , and its slow-to-evolve public response . In moving ahead with the committee , Boehner said that "  a line was crossed in two places . " First , he said documents unearthed by a conservative watchdog that surfaced last week raised questions about the administration 's explanation of events after the attack . He also said the administration defied a congressional subpoena to turn over information . There has been intense controversy over early statements linking the attack to a spontaneous protest over an anti-Muslim film produced in the United States that had sparked demonstrations elsewhere at the time . But it was soon revealed that it was a coordinated terror attack . Republicans allege the administration politicized its response in a presidential election year . The White House has said the new information cited by Boehner was broad-based and not specifically related to Benghazi . Will Democrats participate ? The question now centers on whether Democrats will sign on . As of now , they would get five of the 12 seats . But Democrats want more equity . Those issues center on membership as well as subpoenas and the questioning of witnesses . Borger : The biggest mistake Democrats could make on Benghazi House Republicans are unlikely to bend to Democratic demands on the details of the committee , a GOP source familiar with the matter told CNN . But when pressed about whether Republicans would make changes to give Democrats more power in the investigation , Boehner would only say that "  there are further conversations continuing on that issue . " Those talks were said to be intense . In addition to a possible boycott , CNN has learned that Democrats also are discussing another option -- minimal participation -- something short of an all-out boycott and less than the full contingent of Democrats . According to a Democratic leadership aide , this option would "  make clear they 're protesting , but also have full member participation to ensure that there are Democrats in the room to hold Republicans accountable for their behavior on the committee . Meeting on strategy On Thursday , many House Democrats attended a weekly meeting to go over strategy for floor action on the issue . But Pelosi and other top Democrats were still weighing the pros and cons from their rank and file on the issue of participation . One aide told CNN that Democrats recognized they were unlikely to get changes they outlined in a letter to Boehner . But the aide said that "  the calculus on this is being weighed -- do we participate in a Darrell Issa-like committee or worse , or is it worth having someone in the room for it ? " Issa is chairman of the House Oversight Committee , which has taken a leading role in the GOP-led investigation of Benghazi . His effort has been sharply criticized by Democrats . Rep. Steve Israel , who heads the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , which is in charge of electing Democrats to the House this November , is arguing privately it would be a mistake to participate . He cited numerous reasons , including fear that independent voters fed up with Washington bickering would see Democrats as part of the problem . Fundraising off Benghazi Separately , the controversy grew more intense this week over revelations that Republicans were using it for political fund-raising . Democrats contend that just underscores their belief that the select committee was politically driven . Boehner punted on the fund-raising question on Thursday , refusing to endorse or dismiss it . Despite multiple questions about whether it is right for Republicans to use the tragedy to raise political cash , all Boehner would say repeatedly is "  our focus is on getting the truth for the American people and these four families . " Boehner already appointed South Carolina Rep. Trey Gowdy , a former prosecutor , to head the select committee . He said he would release the names of other Republican members in the near future . A GOP aide told CNN he expected the names to be released on Friday . Opinion : A guide to GOP 's Benghazi obsession	House votes almost entirely on party lines to establish the panel Democrats want the GOP-led panel to be evenly split with Republicans But House Speaker John Boehner says the current plan for a 7-5 division was fair Boehner also said forming the committee was a serious effort to get at the truth
Editor 's note : Clark Howard , the Atlanta-based host of a nationally syndicated radio show , hosts a new television show designed to help viewers save more , spend less and avoid getting ripped off during these tough economic times . The show airs Saturdays and Sundays at 6 a.m. , noon and 4 p.m. ET . Clark Howard says to buy smart in this "  buyer 's market of all times . " ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Cars are such a deal right now that you might feel you are stealing when you buy one . Dealers have no customers , regardless of the price point , brand , style or size . Americans are afraid to buy because of the scary headlines and the times we are in right now . You add in the fact that a lot of us ca n't qualify for loans -- and even many who can are worried that they are going to lose their jobs -- and that cuts the car market down to almost nonexistent . Add in the fact that manufacturers kept making cars in the fall when there were already no buyers , and that makes this the buyer 's market of all time . I can prove it . Carmakers like to have a 60-day supply of cars on hand . That means if they stopped making them today , it would take 60 days to sell off all they have . That gives them enough out there to , in theory , get you the color , style and options that you would want almost right away . Today , many companies have 90 to 140 days of cars on hand -- far , far too many . Even Honda and Toyota , which have set the world on fire in recent years , have seen sales decline 30 percent or more year-over-year . Add in the fact that nobody is buying , and as you might expect , you can buy almost anything you want at a fantastic deal . If you are one of the rare souls out there who can actually buy a car now , I have simple steps to get you a great deal . First things first : Get the money . Whether you are buying new or used , go qualify for a loan first at your bank or credit union . Credit unions and online banks tend to write car loans at about 1.5 percent lower than a traditional bank . For example , the credit union I am a member of is writing car loans for 3.90 percent right now . When you get ready to contact a dealer , do n't discuss that you have a loan already arranged and never , never , never tell a car dealer that you are going to pay cash , even if you are . If they know , they will not give you as good a deal on the car because they ca n't count on making money on your loan .  If the dealer can match the loan you have found elsewhere , it is fine to get the loan from the dealer  . Second , go read the April issue of Consumer Reports magazine . It starts circulating in March and is devoted 100 percent to car buying . You will be able to see what cars have proved to be reliable and which ones are prone to make you know your repair shop people on a first-name basis . I wo n't consider a new or used car if Consumer Reports shows it to be unreliable . If you want to buy a car this month or in early March before the April 2009 issue is out , go to the library and use last April 's issue as a guide . Third , once you have a new car or cars in mind , find your choices on edmunds.com to learn their current TMV , or true market value . Then go to carsdirect.com to get a fixed price for each model equipped the way you like . You can buy from carsdirect or use it as a guide to what price you want to beat . Also , Costco , Sam 's and BJ 's Wholesale offer fixed-price car buying programs . Members should just go to the stores ' Web sites , where you will be able to get a referral to the dealer handling the brand you are interested in . Some AAAs and some credit unions offer car buying services as well . The price you get is the real price , no games , no gimmicks . You can also e-mail dealers for price quotes . I recommend that you take any or all of these steps before ever stepping onto a dealer lot . That way , you are getting your price or playing one dealer off against another from your own home or office . You do n't have a chance to get a good deal if you drive to the dealer to negotiate . Speaking of games and gimmicks : My wife was interested in buying a Toyota Prius . They had been in high demand this summer when gas prices were over $ 4 a gallon , but demand has collapsed because gas prices have fallen and because people in the know are waiting for the third-generation Prius due out in a few months . She saw a newspaper ad for a new 2009 Prius at around $ 5,000 less than last summer . She e-mailed the Internet salesperson at the dealership and asked a very important question : What other charges were there in addition to the advertised price ? As often happens with car dealers , the advertised price was fiction . The dealer charges a $ 595 paperwork fee , known as a doc fee ,  total garbage  and a mandatory $ 895 charge for exterior wax and interior fabric guard  also garbage  . If she had not e-mailed the dealer and had just gone in , it would have been a wasted trip as the newspaper ad was just classic "  bait and switch . " The only thing I want you to do at the dealership is sign the papers and pay . ALWAYS negotiate in advance on your home turf . But what about a test drive ? You learn very little on a 10-minute test drive at a car dealer . I recommend that you rent the car you think you want on the weekend from an airport car rental agency or from an Enterprise office in town . Car rentals are dirt cheap on the weekends , and getting two days to really put a car that you think you want to own through its paces can help you decide whether to buy it or write it off your list . I discovered this by accident in the '80s on a trip to San Diego , California . There was a car I really wanted to buy , and just by chance , I had it assigned to me at the car rental . I drove it for three days . It was an awful car , but I never would have known that from just a short dealer test drive . When to talk about your trade-in Never discuss your trade-in until after you have secured your loan , and have agreed to a price for the car you are buying . Know in advance what your trade-in might be worth by checking values on kbb.com , edmunds.com and nada.com . You should also look at autotrader.com to see what people are trying to sell your vehicle for . And if one is in your area , visit CarMax to see how much your car is selling for . That helps let you know whether the dealer is giving you a fair amount for your old car . If you ca n't scare up a good enough offer , you can try to sell your car yourself . You will generally clear from $ 1,000 to $ 1,500 more selling yourself , but it is no picnic . Watch how to avoid buying damaged used car " In a future commentary , I will give you the steps to buying a used car . In most cases , you get far more for your money used vs. new . But whether you buy new or used , follow my guide , and not only will I save you tons of money , but you wo n't need store-brand pain reliever for the headaches most people get buying a car .	Clark Howard says this is the buyer 's market of all time for new cars But there are ways to make sure you get the best deal Qualify for a loan ahead of time , do n't tell dealer how you will pay when shopping Negotiate everything by e-mail or phone before you go to dealership
CNN  -- Rebels and regime fighters girded for a decisive battle in Aleppo as world powers issued dire warnings of a government onslaught in the sprawling and densely populated Syrian city . Fighting flared in parts of the metropolis Friday . But Malik Kurdi , deputy commander of the rebel Free Syrian Army , said both sides are preparing for a bigger confrontation the regime is calling "  the mother of all battles . " Rebel battalions trekked into Aleppo from the countryside and the regime is taking forces from other regions into the city . The huge urban center resembles a "  ghost town " in many areas , with only fighters are on the streets , Kurdi said . Faces of the Free Syrian Army "  People are fleeing the city towards the countryside . I think they are sensing that a huge battle is about to take place , a decisive one , " Kurdi said . The confrontation could signal the fate of the President Bashar al-Assad and his government , which has been engulfed in an uprising that started peacefully in March 2011 but has transformed into an armed rebellion . Activists said early Saturday that regime forces are preventing fuel and food from entering neighborhoods controlled by rebel fighters . Amateur videos showed long lines at bakeries and grocery stores , as people tried to get their hands on whatever was available . "  They are besieging our area , " Abu Omar , a resident of the Salaheddin neighorhood , said . "  There is no electricity in some parts , and food is scarce . " Aleppo , in northern Syrian near Turkey , is the country 's commercial capital and a World Heritage site . The CIA World Factbook says it is the nation 's most populous city . Andrew Tabler , a Syria expert at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , said that if the government 's military effort fails in Aleppo , "  it will cost the regime dearly and begin a process of contraction of regime control over Syria . " "  If the regime is able to beat the rebels back , this conflict will go on far longer , " he said . Maj. Gen. Robert Mood , the former head of the U.N. observer mission in Syria , told CNN "  it 's only a matter of time before this regime will fall " and "  time is on the side of the rebels . " Syrian rebels appear more capable , yet still outgunned "  It can take a lot of time or it can go quickly , it 's impossible to say . ... It is a cycle of violence . Sooner or later we will reach a climax with the fall of the regime , " he told CNN . Violence hit parts of the city on Friday . The opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported a "  horrific massacre " in the city 's Fardos district , where regime forces indiscriminately shelled homes . The international activist group Avaaz , saying it has spoken to witnesses , also reported violence in Fardos . The witnesses reported casualties in a "  blistering " regime "  dawn attack " in the district , in central Aleppo . Regime forces in the Khaldieh district fired at protesters coming out of the Al-Ghafran mosque and shelled the Salaheddin district with missiles , automatic weapons and attack helicopters , the LCC said . Syrian state TV said that "  special security authorities " destroyed five pickup vehicles equipped with machine guns used by "  terrorists " in the Aleppo countryside . The report said people in the vehicles were killed and injured . Kurdi said rebels have had skirmishes with regime forces and destroyed several vehicles . At least 15 of the 100 people slain in Syria on Friday were from Aleppo province , the LCC said , and the count is expected to rise . The day before , 48 of the 200 people killed in Syria violence were also from the Aleppo region , the first time since the uprising started that the region led in the number of deaths in a single day . As the violence unfolded , throngs of protesters marched down Aleppo streets Friday , chanting and carrying signs , saying , "  we stand for all the Syrian devastated cities " and "  we are all Syrians . " The world community urged al-Assad 's regime to stop its assault . Opinion : After the fall of the House of Assad , could Syria be worse ? "  I urge the Syrian government to halt their offensive , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said on Friday in London . "  The violence from both sides must stop for the sake of the suffering civilians of Syria . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague said the "  utterly unacceptable escalation of the conflict could lead to a devastating loss of civilian life and a humanitarian disaster . " Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu called the developments in Aleppo "  really worrisome , " saying the use of heavy weapons and air forces on such a civilian hub would constitute "  an international crime , clearly . " "  Such an attack would both start a massive migration and also such destruction of a commercial center like Aleppo would mean cutting the lifeline of Syria , " he said . "  For a regime to destroy its own country in such a rough way is really turning into a crime of humanity . " Battles for key cities of Aleppo , Damascus heat up in Syrian civil war Iran , meanwhile , signaled its support for al-Assad 's government . Its energy minister , Majid Namjou , vowed his government "  will not leave Syria alone in such a difficult situation , " according to a story by state-run Press TV . The report said the two nations signed a deal Thursday to expand sharing of electricity and water , with Namjou saying Iranian firms are ready to rebuild damaged power plant facilities . Iran plans to export at least 250 million watts of electricity , and Iranian companies "  to produce and supply industrial equipment needed in the Arab country , " according to the energy minister . U.S. officials , meanwhile , have increased contacts with the Syrian opposition in recent weeks , a senior U.S. official said Friday . "  The U.S. and others are playing more of an advisory role to the opposition now , " the official said . Yet U.S. Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey said Friday he 's not aware of any discussions about giving the opposition any "  lethal support . " The rebels are composed largely of soldiers who have defected from the Syrian military . But many civilians -- including students , shopkeepers , real-estate agents and members of the president 's ruling Baath party -- also are trying to end four decades of Assad family rule . They are gearing up for a fight . Rebel commander Mustafa Abdullah , told CNN that rebels have set up medical clinics in Aleppo homes and have plans to transport and evacuate anyone who is wounded . "  They  government forces  want to surround Aleppo completely and send support from all sides , then start shelling rebel-controlled areas and hospitals , " Abdullah said . Abdullah , the rebel commander in Aleppo , recalled the merciless government bombardment of the city of Homs this year as he geared up for battle . Asked if these fighters had enough ammunition to withstand a government siege , Abdullah said simply "  no . " He then added , "  It will be just like Homs " and wept at the thought . The Aleppo fighting has hit home politically . A Syrian parliamentarian from Aleppo has defected to Turkey , according to the opposition Syrian National Council . Ikhlas Badawi is the first member of the assembly elected in May to defect and the latest in a series of high-profile officials to cut ties with the regime . This follows defections by high-level Syrian diplomats to the United Arab Emirates , Cyprus and Iraq . "  I call on all of my colleagues to join this revolution and defend their rights to stand up for the free across all of our society 's sects , " he told reporters Friday in Antakya , Turkey . "  I also call on members of the Syrian army to honor their word and defend our country , not just one ruling family . " More from CNN inside Syria As fighting raged in recent days , aid agencies scaled back their efforts in Aleppo . A spokeswoman for the International Committee of the Red Cross -- which said it is temporarily moving some aid workers out of Syria to Beirut for security reasons -- said the organization does n't have a presence in Aleppo at the moment . In addition , the Syrian Arab Red Crescent has had to suspend some of its activities . "  The situation there is extremely volatile , " the ICRC said . "  Several schools in Aleppo have been opened to host displaced families , and the local SARC volunteers have provided some relief items  mattresses , hygiene products and food  . However , humanitarian needs are on the rise . " Outside Aleppo , battles between regime forces and rebels raged . Heavy shelling rocked other cities , including Damascus , Daraa , Idlib and Homs , the Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Thirty people died in Daraa province , 23 in Damascus and its suburbs , 11 in Deir Ezzor province and 10 in Homs province , the LCC said . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , another pro-opposition group , said early Saturday that rebel forces controlled the biggest and most important checkpoint in the northern city of Maaret Nouman , in Idlib province . Syrian rebels , regime forces clash in Aleppo Syria : As al-Assad 's grip loosens , what could come next ? Opinion : Syria 's chemical weapons threat demands a response CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Barbara Starr , Saad Abedine , Ivan Watson , Faith Karimi , Samira Said , Hamdi Alkhshali , Yesim Comert and Joe Sterling and Journalist Shiyar Sayed Mohamad contributed to this report .	NEW : Activists say Syrian forces are cutting off food and fuel to parts of Aleppo NEW : A defecting legislator urges Syria 's army to protect citizens , not the ruling family The U.S. has increased contacts with the opposition , a senior U.S. official says Maj. Gen. Mood from the U.N. says "  time is on the side of the rebels "
Situated at the heart of Southeast Asia , Singapore is one of the most densely populated countries on the planet . More than 5 million people are crammed into this bustling city-state with an area of just 276 square miles . The squeeze is so tight there 's little room left to take advantage of the surrounding natural beauty . But one developer wants to tap into the tourism market by singling out the nearby Riau Archipelago to host "  Funtasy Island , " the world 's largest eco-resort . The $ 240 million development , currently in construction , will stretch out over a cluster of six islands covering almost 3.3 million square meters  35 million square feet  . While the archipelago lies just 16 kilometers  9 miles  off the coast of Singapore , the area is actually part of and administered by neighboring Indonesia . Crystal clear water , coral reefs and thousands of mangrove trees provide the stunning backdrop to marinas , villas , luxury bungalows and hotel accommodation . It 's already an impressive site but the "  property is just a start , " said Funtasy Island Pte Director , Michael Yong . Eco-tourism Roughly 70 % of the islands will be preserved in their natural state -- part of the developer 's commitment to creating a viable eco-park . "  Without that 70 % of the natural attractions , our island development will be just like any other or another real estate development , " Yong continued . Nature trails and aquaculture tours will allow visitors to enjoy Riau 's natural beauty while the short boat ride to Singapore keeps popular attractions like Universal Studios and Marina Bay Sands close . But being green also means development plans have had to be stringently checked and monitored . Caps have been set on future visitors , buildings have been relocated from where they were originally slated for and the overall number of units has been paired back . According to Syarief Santoso , director of WOW Design Studio , such amendments were necessary to maintain authenticity . "  It has to feel like we are blend with the nature , " Santoso said . "  We do n't want to change that , we want to blend into this environment and make everything balanced , everything synchronized . " Foreign ownership The average cost per square meter of property comes in at about $ 5,000 . If that sounds like a deal for an over-the-water villa a short stroll from a powdery white beach , there 's a reason . In line with Indonesian property law , foreign investors ca n't buy their piece of paradise here , only lease it for set terms . "  We are actually selling the lease of the building , " Yong explained . "  Every 25 years we do an extension for 20 years , every 20 years we do another renewal . " The developers say many investors are undeterred . More than 500 homes have sold to date , mostly to buyers from Singapore , Malaysia and China In total over 1,200 holiday villas and apartments will be needed to house the one million tourists expected each year . With Funtasy Island set to welcome its first guests in late 2015 , there 's not long left to ensure everything is in place to meet that target .	Funtasy Island is set to be the world 's largest eco-resort The $ 240 million development is situated in the Riau Archipelago in Indonesia The bustling city state of Singapore is located only 16-miles away
