Ray Rice took the first step toward a possible return to the football field Tuesday evening when the NFL players ' union announced it had filed an appeal of his indefinite suspension by NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell . Goodell initially had suspended the running back for two games without pay and fined him the equivalent of another game 's pay . Rice was just a few days away from the end of the original suspension when the commissioner decided to increase the penalty to an indefinite suspension once he saw a video of Rice knocking out his now-wife with a punch earlier this year . Two suspensions amount to penalizing Rice twice for the same event , the National Football League Players Association said . The union said , "  Under governing labor law , an employee can not be punished twice for the same action when all of the relevant facts were available to the employer at the time of the first punishment . " A third party should rule on the appeal , the union said . "  The NFLPA appeal is based on supporting facts that reveal a lack of a fair and impartial process , including the role of the office of the Commissioner of the NFL , " the union said in a written statement . "  We have asked that a neutral and jointly selected arbitrator hear this case as the Commissioner and his staff will be essential witnesses in the proceeding and thus can not serve as impartial arbitrators . " The NFL did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . Whether the 27-year-old Rice suits up this season -- or ever again -- in an NFL uniform is still a large question . In the past , players appealing a suspension have n't been able to take part in games , so an immediate return is unlikely . And there is the matter of Rice being a man without a team right now . NFL 's past penalties for domestic violence ' a different story ' The former Baltimore Ravens star had his contract terminated by the team earlier this month in the wake of the disturbing video that shows him knocking out his Janay Rice on an elevator in a casino in Atlantic City on February 15 . Rice still can apply for reinstatement next August if he does n't win the appeal . But to get a chance to try out for a new team , he 'll have to convince the commissioner that he 's learned from his actions and paid a price . Then he 'll have to convince a prospective club that he still has the skills that earned him three Pro Bowl selections . It is unclear how long the appeal process will take , but under the terms of an agreement between NFL owners and players a date for a hearing must be scheduled with 10 days of the appeal . "  Typically , there has to be a fair level of discovery , " George Atallah , the assistant executive director of external affairs for the players ' union , said Monday . "  There has to be a process by which we can both discover and present facts around his indefinite suspension . So there 's no set timetable for that . " Atallah said the appeal would be pursued "  methodically . " In August , after outrage over Rice 's initial two-game suspension , Goodell announced a new league policy for domestic violence and other assaults . First-time offenders would be suspended at least six games and a second offense would draw a lifetime ban . But he did n't alter Rice 's punishment at that time . Ray Rice has n't spoken publicly since the indefinite suspension , but he texted CNN 's Rachel Nichols a message last week : "  I 'm just holding strong for my wife and kid , that 's all I can do right now . " Can Ray Rice ultimately be forgiven ? ` Sickening ' video TMZ Sports obtained two videos from the footage taken from surveillance cameras of the altercation with Janay Rice in Atlantic City . It posted the first one , which showed Rice dragging Janay Rice -- limp and face down -- out of the elevator , shortly after the incident . The in-elevator video showing the violent punch was put online September 8 . Goodell told CBS last week that he was sickened by what he saw on the newly released video and that it was the first time he had seen the full scope of the incident . Timeline of key events in the Ray Rice case He also deflected criticism of his handling of Rice 's case and his initial lenient penalty for the domestic violence incident . "  What we saw in the first videotape was troubling to us in and of itself , " Goodell said last week . "  But what we saw yesterday was extremely clear . It was extremely graphic and it was sickening . " Later , the NFL announced that former FBI Director Robert Mueller would investigate how the league handled its investigation in the case . One thing at the top of his list likely is an Associated Press report that a law enforcement official said he sent a DVD with a copy of the punch video in a package to an unnamed NFL executive in April . A woman called from an NFL office phone to confirm receipt of the package , the AP reported , citing a voice mail played for a reporter . The league has said no one in its office had seen the video before September 8 . Goodell explained in a memo to NFL team owners that the league believed it would have been illegal to obtain the video because it was part of a criminal investigation in New Jersey . TMZ executive producer Harvey Levin indicated that the website paid for the video from someone who worked at the now-shuttered casino . Rice was a three-time Pro Bowl selection in eight seasons . He played on the Baltimore Ravens ' Super Bowl championship team in 2012 season . NFLPA President Eric Winston said Rice should be allowed to play again "  I think so . I think that we 're all entitled to a second chance , " said Winston , who played last season with the Arizona Cardinals . "  Obviously he made a horrific mistake and he 's paying for it . He 's already disciplined once , and actually disciplined multiple times by the commissioner . " NFL toughens domestic violence policy with six-game bans	Ray Rice was released by Baltimore Ravens , suspended by the NFL Union : Running back was denied due process , penalized twice for same action Goodell suspended Rice for two games , then changed it after shocking video released NFLPA says it will call Goodell as witness , so he should n't preside over hearing
London  CNN  -- With her cheeky grin and bright , mischievous eyes , it is hard to imagine that four-year-old Selsabeel Ageli has spent months wishing for the death of an elderly man . But the British-Libyan youngster has done just that , going to bed every night in recent months praying that ousted Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi would be killed . On Thursday , Selsabeel 's wishes came true . The deposed tyrant was the reason Selsabeel never knew her grandfather , Libyan trade unionist Amer Deghayes . The family says he was murdered by the Gadhafi regime when her mother was a child , prompting them to flee to Britain . Within hours of the news of Gadhafi 's death , Selsabeel and her older sister Bilquees , aged eight , and their parents were among a jubilant crowd of former Libyan dissidents celebrating noisily outside the Libyan Embassy in central London . "  My father was killed by Gadhafi in 1980 when I was five , " the girls ' mother , Amani Deghayes , told CNN as her daughters waved Libyan flags nearby . "  They never got to meet him , so I am so glad that my kids have been able to see that there is a happy ending to this story . "  I never thought it would happen , really . Now I just hope that everything works out , and that Libya can become a stable , free and democratic country . " That is a wish echoed by many of those who gathered at the embassy , amid the beeping of car horns and waving of flags , to sing , chant and wish each other "  Mabrouk " -- congratulations -- over Gadhafi 's final downfall . Mahmoud Al Nacua , Libya 's ambassador to the UK , told those gathered : "  Libyan freedom fighters have finally succeeded in throwing the curtain on Gadhafi 's crimes . "  Their brave actions have spared Libya and the world from any further suffering of his evils . Today Libya 's future begins . Gadhafi , a black era , has come to an end forever . " Lockerbie victim 's brother calls Gadhafi 's death justice Consulate worker Abdusalam Zbida told CNN he hopes to be able to return to his homeland to visit family for the first time in five years following Gadhafi 's death . "  It is a big day for Libyan history , " said Zbida . "  It will definitely help restore peace and security in Libya . I hope it will be a fresh start . " Others who have not been in London as long are also hoping to go back to their friends and loved ones soon . "  It 's been a tough couple of months , but things are getting better , " said Amira Elgardi , whose husband and parents are still in Libya . "  We have a three-and-a-half-year old son , and we decided that with all the gunshots and everything it would be safer here , but hopefully we will be able to go back soon -- Inshallah -LSB- God willing -RSB- . " Victim 's brother writes : I have fought for this day They and many others spoke of their relief that Gadhafi 's long reign of terror in Libya is finally over . "  I 'm so excited -- look , I 'm trembling , " said Sana Maziq , who moved to London from Tripoli with her three young sons seven months ago to escape the trouble there . "  We knew that Gadhafi was basically finished , but it is so nice to know that there wo n't be any more bloodshed . " "  We ca n't quite believe it , " added her friend Aida Shebani . "  The regime had gone , but Gadhafi still made us afraid , so now we are so happy . The Libyan people really suffered under him , so we deserve this happiness . "	Dozens of Libyans gathered outside embassy in London to celebrate Gadhafi 's death Crowds chanted , cheered , sang and waved Libyan flag to celebrate dictator 's end Four-year-old girl had spent months praying for Gadhafi 's death Family says Selsabeel Ageli 's grandfather was murdered by Gadhafi regime
CNN  -- California voters on Tuesday appear to have approved Proposition 8 , a measure banning same-sex marriage in the state . CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin says the U.S. Supreme Court may have to rule on the issue of same-sex marriage . California 's secretary of state late Tuesday released semi-official results showing Proposition 8 had passed 52.5 percent to 47.5 percent . CNN has not officially called the result one way or the other . On Wednesday protesters took to the streets of Los Angeles to voice their opposition to the potential ban . And there are at least three legal challenges to it now pending in court . Kiran Chetry of CNN 's "  American Morning " spoke Thursday with the program 's legal analyst , Sunny Hostin , about the issue . Chetry : California 's attorney general says that the constitutional amendment is not retroactive , and San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom says he will continue to marry people until someone sues him to stop . So what does Prop 8 mean first of all to people who want to get married in the state of California ? Hostin : Well , we already know in Los Angeles they are no longer issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples . So in Los Angeles , it 's a no go . In San Francisco , as you mentioned , the mayor is saying , "  We 're still going to be doing it . " So for people that are n't married yet , it 's really legal limbo . Chetry : All right . And what about people who from the time that they allowed same-sex marriage , this was in May until November , some 18,000 couples decided they were going to do it . What happens to them ? Is their marriage still valid ? Hostin : It 's still valid right now . But really they are also in a legal limbo . The bottom line it 's all over the place . The law is really unclear here . Last night , I was poring over these legal papers . I was also discussing this with a lot of law professors , a lot of different lawyers , and everyone is all over the place . Some folks said , you know , the bottom line is when you look at the language of Proposition 8 , it is very clear that it was meant to be retroactive and that means that all the marriages will be invalidated . Then another law professor that I spoke to said that is absolutely fundamentally ridiculous . The bottom line is this is a fundamental right that was given to couples and this is a right that is not going to be given away . I think we 're going to see a lot of litigation here , Kiran , and the bottom line is everyone is in a legal , legal limbo . Chetry : It 's very interesting the grounds for which they are challenging . At least in one of these lawsuits they said that it was a constitutional revision rather than an amendment . And that means it would need two-thirds approval of the House in the legislature . So do we think it could go to the state house in California as well as being fought in the courts ? Hostin : I really think this is going to be a legal issue . I think this is going to go before the California Supreme Court . And we already know as you mentioned that there are three cases pending before the California Supreme Court . And what is interesting to note is that it 's the very same court that allowed these marriages in the first place . And so , my guess is that that court is going to weigh in , probably reinstitute the right to marry for same-sex couples and then that 's going to be likely based on the U.S. Constitution and our Supreme Court is going to weigh in . What is I think extremely interesting here is that we now know that we have a president-elect , Obama . He 's going to get the opportunity likely to appoint Supreme Court justices . So we do n't even know which type of court or the makeup of the court that will hear this . But I think the Supreme Court will likely weigh in on this issue . Chetry : This was such a hot button issue in the state . More spending on either side , $ 35 million , $ 37 million on both sides . Hostin : Yes . Chetry : It was the highest funded campaign on any state ballot . Hostin : That 's right . Chetry : They say it trumped every other campaign except the presidential . Hostin : People care about this issue . I mean , they 're talking about discrimination , equal protection . It 's an issue that 's a hotbed issue . We also know , Kiran , that in Arizona and Florida that this ban was implemented . And so , you know , it 's all over the place . People care about this issue , and this is an issue that is really present . And I think that it 's something that , we , of course , have to watch because we 're talking about equal protection , we 're talking about discrimination . People care about these issues . Chetry : Sunny Hostin , great to see you . Thank you . Hostin : Thanks . iReport.com : Did you vote on a same-sex measure ?	California voters appear to have approved a ban on same-sex marriage At least three court challenges have been filed against ban CNN legal analyst says opinions on ban 's legality are "  all over the place " Analyst says U.S. Supreme Court will likely be called upon to decide issue
CNN  -- Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal made light work of their opening matches on the 2010 ATP Tour circuit on Tuesday , but a man who has beaten the world 's top two tennis players suffered an embarrassing defeat . No. 1 Federer brushed aside unseeded Belgian Christophe Rochus 6-1 6-2 in the first round of the Qatar Open in Doha , while second seed Nadal was similarly untroubled in defeating Italy 's Simone Bolelli 6-3 6-3 . However , world No. 8 Robin Soderling was knocked out in the first round of the Chennai Open in India , where he was top seed . The Swede -- who beat Federer in an exhibition tournament in Abu Dhabi last week before losing in the final to Nadal , on whom he inflicted a shock defeat at last year 's French Open -- was beaten in straight sets by American Robby Ginepri . "  Everything went wrong for me , " Soderling said after his 6-4 7-5 reverse to a player ranked 100th in the world . "  I was n't hitting the ball well , I did n't take my chances and he took his . "  It does n't matter whether you have two break-points or three , you still have to take them . " Swiss star Federer should have another easy ride in the second round when he faces unseeded Russian Evgeny Korolev , while Spaniard Nadal takes on another Italian in Potito Starace . The day 's most significant result in Doha saw 38-year-old Moroccan wildcard Younes El Aynaoui become the oldest player to win an ATP Tour match since Jimmy Connors , who was 42 when he triumphed at the Halle Open in 1995 . El Aynaoui , whose previous competitive match was in May 2008 , beat American qualifier Ryler DeHeart 7-6  7-3  7-6  7-4  . The 2002 champion , who was runner-up in 1996 , earned a clash with Belgian qualifier Steve Darcis , who upset Spanish eighth seed Guillermo Garcia-Lopez 6-4 6-1 . Meanwhile , at the Hopman Cup mixed teams event in Perth , hosts Australia eliminated the United States with a 2-1 victory in Group A on Tuesday . Samantha Stosur beat Melanie Oudin 6-2 6-4 , then Lleyton Hewitt gave Australia an unassailable lead by defeating big-serving John Isner before the Americans won the mixed doubles . Australia , who have a win and a loss , next face Spain -- who remained on course for a fifth final appearance with a 3-0 drubbing of Romania . Maria Jose Martinez Sanchez won the opening singles 6-4 6-3 against Sorana Cirstea , and then the Romanians had to concede after Victor Hanescu suffered an injury and pulled out at 6-3 down against Tommy Robredo .	Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal win their opening matches on the 2010 ATP Tour circuit The world 's top two players triumph in straight sets in first round at Qatar Open in Doha Robin Soderling , who has beaten both recently , loses as top seed at Chennai Open Younes El Aynaoui , 38 , becomes the oldest player to win on ATP Tour since 1995
CNN  -- A 13-year-old boy who had confessed to being an assassin for a Mexican drug cartel was among six people found murdered execution-style , authorities in the central Mexican state of Zacatecas have confirmed . The boy , identified as Jose Armando Moreno Leos by officials , was arrested only three weeks ago by the Mexican Federal Police , according to Arturo Nahle Garcia , state 's attorney in Zacatecas . Get the latest news from CNN.com "  After being detained , he confessed to authorities that he had participated in at least 10 homicides and that he was somebody who was good at shooting with a high-caliber weapon , " Nahle Garcia said . After his February arrest , the Federal Police released the boy into the custody of the Mexican Attorney General 's Office , which later set him free in compliance with the law . The Mexican constitution prohibits the incarceration of anybody under the age of 14 . The constitutional ban also applies to correctional facilities . Mexico reports more than 26,000 missing According to Nahle Garcia , Moreno Leos missed a court appearance on February 20 . "  Only his mother appeared before the judge to say that she had lost control of her son after he left the house at about age 11 , " the prosecutor , said . The court appearance was to determine custody and measures to help the teenager leave behind a life of crime . The boy 's body was found Thursday alongside a highway in the municipality of Morelos . The bodies of five other people , four females and one male , were also found at the same location . Officials say they had all been shot execution-style with high-caliber weapons . Blogger vows to fight despite threats "  They all appeared to be young people , but we 're still in the process of positively identifying the bodies , " Nahle Garcia said . This is not the first time a teenager has admitted being a hit man for organized crime in Mexico . In 2011 , authorities arrested a 14-year-old boy , identified only as "  El Ponchis " -- "  The Cloak " -- who admitted on camera that he had brutally killed people . In a video obtained by CNN , he told a military interrogator that he had beheaded four people . El Ponchis was found guilty and sentenced to three years in a correctional facility , the maximum allowed under Mexican law . Speaking about the most recent incident , Nahle Garcia said he 's not surprised . "  It 's really unfortunate , but we 're seeing more and more young men who drop out of school and end up selling drugs on the streets , " he said . "  They all end up the same . They either end up in jail or the cemetery . " Mexican police nab drug-launching cannon near border	Jose Armando Moreno Leos , 13 , last month had admitted being a hit man , authorities say He was found this week murdered execution-style , a state 's attorney says He had been released from custody in compliance with Mexico 's constitution
CNN  -- Like millions of other Americans , Dan and Sally Sligh packed up their vehicle and headed out for a Memorial Day weekend trip . As they crossed the Interstate 5 bridge over the Skagit River outside Seattle , Washington , the bridge gave way and their pickup truck plunged into the frigid waters . Luckily , everyone survived Thursday 's incident . When a bridge fails , such as the I-5 bridge in Washington state , it raises questions about the safety of millions of travelers . Where are America 's risky bridges ? Are interstate bridges being properly inspected ? What will it take to make the nation 's bridges safer ? Related : Find deficient bridges near you We should n't be worried , but we should be wary : that 's the message from the American Society of Civil Engineers , which puts out a "  report card " on the safety and maintenance of U.S. bridges . Right now , America 's got a C + . That may be a passing grade , but it 's not good enough , says infrastructure expert Barry LePatner . That 's because there have been nearly 600 bridge failures since 1989 , LePatner told CNN . And one out of every nine U.S. bridges is rated as "  structurally deficient , " according to the ASCE . Thursday 's collapse was apparently caused when a tractor-trailer struck one of the overhead beams of the bridge , which is nearly six decades old . LePatner said it is "  totally unacceptable " that the bridge did not have another support structure . "  Bridges today have redundancy so that where you have something hitting a structural element , there  are  other supports to keep the bridge up , " he noted . "  That is something that bridge engineers understand , but politicians are not funding . " President Barack Obama has championed infrastructure spending since taking office , yet he has n't been able to convince lawmakers to support his initiatives . "  The problem is we 've had some trouble out of Congress just going ahead and funding , " Obama said last week during a speech in Baltimore , Maryland . The president directed government agencies to "  do what it takes to cut timelines for breaking ground on major infrastructure projects in half . " "  Sometimes it takes too long to get projects off the ground , " Obama said . Maintaining bridges and other key transportation links is not only a safety issue -- it 's an economic matter , as well . "  We are on the brink of losing our competitive edge in the global marketplace as a result , " Sen. Jay Rockefeller , D-West Virginia , said Wednesday . Politicians are turning their backs on this issue , said LePatner . They "  do not see infrastructure as a high priority and the American public and our economic system is paying a terrible price for this . " Of course , a lot of this issue surrounds money . To make all necessary repairs to America 's bridges , the Federal Highway Administration estimates it will cost $ 76 billion . Who 's going to pay for that ? Taxpayers ? No thank you , say most of the Americans who answered a recent Gallup poll . Two thirds said they 're against paying more in gasoline taxes to fund bridge and road repairs in their own states . And it did n't matter if the respondents were Republican , Democrat or independent . Here 's another sobering stat : the average age of all 607,400 bridges in the United States is 42 years . It points to the fact that so much of this issue revolves around trust . Do we trust the systems now in place that are aimed at finding bad bridges and taking appropriate action ? The federal government requires all bridges to be inspected at least every two years . If inspectors find something wrong , they can order emergency repairs or cut the size of vehicles allowed to cross , or even shut the bridges down entirely . Washington 's I-5 bridge had been inspected as recently as November . It was built in 1955 and had been rated "  functionally obsolete , " according to a federal database . LePatner explained that this classification does n't mean that the bridge is necessarily unsafe . "  What it does indicate is that there are serious failures because of lack of maintenance , " he said . "  A bridge that is designed in 1955 could never have contemplated heavy 18-wheeler trucks . " Bridge engineer Andy Herrmann says that the current U.S. model of inspecting bridges is working just fine . "  Engineers are watching -- trying to ensure the public safety , " said Herrmann , a former president of the American Society of Civil Engineers who has spent 40 years designing and maintaining bridges . "  If you look at the Champlain Bridge in New York state , they were watching that bridge very carefully and when it got to the point where the deterioration was suddenly accelerating , they decided to close it immediately . " The bridge , which linked Crown Point , New York , with Chimney Point , Vermont , was demolished in 2009 and a newly built bridge opened to traffic in 2011 . In some instances , the new generation of bridges that are being built today include new monitoring technology instead of relying solely on bridge inspectors . When the I-35W bridge collapsed in Minneapolis in 2007 , 13 people died and 145 others were hurt . The bridge that replaced it cost $ 233.8 million . Out of that budget , about $ 1 million paid for smart technology that senses danger and warns of a potential structural threat . Sensors were built into the bridge to monitor corrosion , stress and the movement of the structure from constant traffic . A tiny beam of light is used to measure very small differences in the movement of the bridge when vehicles pass over . Data from the sensors is monitored , providing an extra layer of engineering oversight . "  We want these bridges to be safe , " said Herrmann . "  But we need to provide the funding , the investment to make them safe . " The number of America 's deficient bridges has actually decreased "  ever so slightly over the last couple of years , " Herrmann said . That 's mostly because of increased funding from state and local governments , he said . Is that a good sign ? Herrmann said yes , but he added , "  If we do n't start accelerating we could start losing ground . " Would you support an increase of your state 's gasoline tax to pay for bridge and road repairs in your state ? Let us know in the comments section below .	After collapse of Washington state 's Interstate 5 bridge , should drivers worry ? No , says top U.S. bridge engineer , but they should be "  wary " All bridges must be inspected every two years ; new technology offers extra protection President Obama takes action to speed up bridge improvements
Las Vegas  CNN  -- A shooting and a fiery crash left three people dead in the neon heart of the Las Vegas Strip on Thursday , and police scrambled to find out who triggered the carnage . The bloodshed closed the Strip for about a block and a half around some of its biggest draws , leaving tourists gaping at a wrecked Maserati , a burned-out taxi and four other vehicles . "  First time in Vegas , and then , like , the whole thing , what you know from movies only -- I was shocked , " Christine Gerstenberger , who was visiting the desert gambling mecca from Germany , said Thursday afternoon . She and her brothers debated going back to the hotel "  because I 'm totally scared , " but "  We 're too curious , " she said . See iReporter 's video of fire One of those killed was Kenneth Cherry Jr. -- a rapper also known as Kenny Clutch -- his attorney Vicki Greco said . According to his Facebook page , Cherry is from Oakland , California , and lived in Las Vegas . Cherry 's death was shocking , Greco said . "  Out of everyone I know in the rapping industry there is no way I would have ever , ever expected to find that he was shot on the Las Vegas strip in such an aggressive manner , " said Greco , who said Cherry had two kids . "  He did n't have a  criminal  record or a history . He was just a good kid trying to make it and be a good father . " Four of the Nevada city 's biggest casinos -- Caesars Palace , the Bellagio , Bally 's and the Flamingo -- are nearby , and police collected surveillance-camera video from them to help the probe . Also killed in the incident was a cab driver named Michael Boldon , CNN affiliate KVVU reported . His family is devastated by the death of the 62-year-old cab driver , his brother Tehran Boldon told the affiliate . "  It is gut-wrenching , " a tearful Tehran Boldon told KVVU . "  My life mission would be to see them punished and brought to justice for the senseless thing they did . " It started around 4:20 a.m. with a dispute in the valet lot of the Aria Hotel , about a block away , Sheriff Douglas Gillespie said . Investigators have n't confirmed the cause of the altercation , but he said it spilled onto the street as someone in a black Range Rover Sport fired several shots at the Maserati as it headed north on Las Vegas Boulevard . When the driver was hit , the Maserati continued into the intersection of the boulevard and Flamingo Road and collided with a taxi , which caught fire . The sports car 's driver , the cab driver and a passenger in the taxi all died ; a passenger in the Maserati and three other people in the resulting pileup were hurt , Gillespie said . The Maserati 's passenger and other witnesses are helping detectives piece together what happened , he said . And the "  top priority " for police is to find the Range Rover , which sped away from the intersection , and those inside it when the shooting happened . "  This act is totally unacceptable , and we are going to make a very clear message to these individuals in regards to that , " Gillespie said . Police in neighboring states have been asked to look for the sport-utility vehicle , and Gillespie warned the occupants should be considered armed and dangerous . "  Clearly , the suspects have no regard for the lives and safety of others , " he said . The Range Rover had an out-of-state dealer plate , tinted windows and large , black rims , Las Vegas Police Sgt. John Sheahan said . The block around the crash remained closed off into Thursday afternoon . John Lamb , who was inside Caesars Palace , told CNN affiliate KLAS he heard the commotion and saw the taxi on fire from a window . "  There was a loud bang , and I hear two other booms . I looked out my window at Caesars Palace ... and could see the fireball , " he told KLAS . Man kills 3 , himself in Southern California shooting CNN 's Cristy Lenz , Matt Smith , Tom Watkins , Jason Hanna and Deanna Hackney contributed to this report .	NEW : Kenneth Cherry Jr. , a rapper known as Kenny Clutch , was killed , his lawyer says Gunfire and a fiery crash kill 3 in the heart of Las Vegas Strip Casino visitor describes seeing "  fireball " from Caesars Palace Police are looking for a black Range Rover Sport with large black rims
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Love hurts , especially for jilted lovers on Valentine 's Day . With that in mind , a London tourist attraction is offering visitors the chance to curse former boyfriends , girlfriends or spouses -- and get a discount on the entry price at the same time . "  Hex your Ex " is the Valentine 's Day promotion at the London Dungeon , a house of horrors that takes visitors through elements of the city 's bloody , gruesome , and torturous past . To qualify , visitors must bring a picture of their ex -- or anyone who has shunned them -- then rip it up and throw it in a smoking cauldron , spokeswoman Kate Edwards told CNN . Visitors can then select from a range of curses to inflict on their ex . "  If you happen to be single or freshly shunned , this is a way to move on and have a great way of doing it , " Edwards said . Hexing your ex will earn you # 5  $ 7.20  off the entry price . "  It 's very therapeutic , but it means in times of the credit crunch , you get money off as well , " she said . The "  curses " are meant to be taken lightly , she said . All were developed by the Dungeon 's creative team . "  They involve marvelously bad things happening to your ex , " she said . "  Nothing deadly , obviously . It 's obviously tongue-in-cheek . "	London tourist attraction offers visitors chance to curse former lovers Visitors must bring picture of their ex , rip it up and throw it in cauldron They can then select from a range of curses to inflict on their ex
London , England  CNN  -- British troops will get new camouflage uniforms for the first time in more than 40 years , based on computer modeling of Afghanistan 's terrain , the Ministry of Defence announced Sunday . The "  multi-terrain pattern , " as the military has dubbed the new design , is the first new pattern from the Ministry of Defence since 1968 , it said . It is specifically designed with Afghanistan 's Helmand province in mind , the ministry said in a statement . The British military have suffered heavy losses in the southern province this year . More than 100 British troops have died in Afghanistan in 2009 , making it the deadliest for UK troops in many years . The new design was put together in six months , funded as an "  urgent operational requirement " project worth # 250,000  $ 400,000  . "  This new camouflage will help our troops blend into different environments in Helmand Province to stay hidden from the Taliban , " Defence Secretary Bob Ainsworth said in a statement . The project included aerial and scientific photography in Afghanistan "  to provide the right colors and their brightness , " the ministry said . "  The colors were fed into a computer and computer modeling was used to represent the Green Zone , deserts and mixed environments in Afghanistan . " Uniforms in the new pattern will be issued to 4 Mechanised Brigade troops deploying to Afghanistan in March , the ministry said . It will then be introduced across all three services starting in 2011 .	British troops will get new camouflage uniforms for the first time in more than 40 years New design is based on computer modeling of Afghanistan 's terrain , defense ministry said Project included aerial and scientific photography "  to provide the right colors and their brightness "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- When the Vatican switched from the Julian to the Gregorian calendar in the 16th century , legend has it that riots broke out over the "  lost 11 days " the shift caused . However , on the Pacific island of Samoa - which plans to skip Friday this week when it switches to the west side of the international dateline -- the mood is more typically laid back and Polynesian . "  Sure , people are excited , " government spokesman Uale Papalii was reported as saying to foreign media . "  I myself am relaxed ,  we are  only changing the calendar . " The decision to push the international dateline further to the east and go back to the future -- going directly from Thursday to Saturday -- was prompted by new economic realities rather than a need to be the first place in the world to celebrate New Year 's Day in 2012 . Samoan prime minister , Tuilaepa Sa'ilele Malielegaoi , said the move would put the Pacific island nation of some 180,000 people on the same footing as its key trading partners in New Zealand and Australia , taking advantage of those economies links to China and the Pacific Rim . "  In doing business with New Zealand and Australia we 're losing out on two working days a week , " he was quoted as saying in the English-language Samoa Observer . "  While its Friday here , it 's Saturday in New Zealand and when we 're at church Sunday , they 're already conducting business in Sydney and Brisbane . " Currently , the archipelago is 21 hours behind Australia and 23 behind New Zealand , giving it just four working days a week that coincide with some of the Pacific Rim 's largest economies . By moving the zig-zagging international dateline further to the east , Samoa will be just three hours ahead of eastern Australia and one hour ahead of New Zealand . The international dateline -- which follows roughly 180 degrees longitude but takes diversions around islands and territories to prevent it dissecting nations internally - already creates serious anomalies for Samoa . Its closest neighbor Tonga , little more than 800km to the south , is exactly 24 hours behind the island nation . The move , however , has raised alarm in the tourism sector which markets Samoa as the last place on earth to see the sun set and has run into opposition . "  It 's a crazy idea . I see no reasoning behind a time change , " Samoan resident Valentina Tufuga told the Samoa Observer . "  For years we have been trading well with Australia and New Zealand despite the time difference . I think it will just be a major loss to the tourism sector who can no longer boast that Samoa is the last country in the world to see the sun . " While the switch means Samoa gains a new status as the first place on the planet to see the dawn , the tourist industry has judged this to be a less romantic and lucrative option for beachside honeymooners . Tuilaepa has countered the tourist industry could easily set up a new draw card by marketing itself as destination where tourists can celebrate birthdays and anniversaries twice -- American Samoa , just an hour away by plane , will remain on the other side of the international dateline . It 's not the first time Samoa has crossed the international dateline . In 1892 , the then king of Samoa was persuaded to cross the line to fall into step with American ships sailing westward to San Francisco . That shift , which gave the Samoan calendar an extra day that had to be absorbed with two consecutive July the Fourths , is now coming back in the form of this week 's missing Friday ; a situation that local media has mockingly referred to as TGIF or Thank God It 's Friday . Tuilaepa , whose Human Rights Protection Party has ruled Samoa since 1979 , is no stranger to controversy . Two years ago the government switched to driving on the left so that expat Samoans in Australia and New Zealand could send used cars home to their relatives . Samoa had been driving on the right side of the road since 1900 , when it was a German colony , and the change drew an outcry from motorists who defaced signs advising people to "  keep left " and denounced the decision as a major hazard on the island 's already dangerous roads . Bus companies , in particular , strongly opposed the move and called on the government to compensate them for the cost refitting their passenger doors on the left hand side .	Samoa plans to switch to the west side of the international dateline at the end of this week The Pacific island will drop this Friday going straight from Thursday to Saturday The decision was prompted by Australia and New Zealand 's focus on Asian economies New timezone will put it three hours ahead of eastern Australia vs. 21 hours behind
ANKARA , Turkey  CNN  -- President Obama ended his first overseas trip in Turkey -- a location he said he chose to send a clear message . President Obama and Turkish President Abdullah Gul hold a joint news conference Monday . "  I 'm trying to make a statement about the importance of Turkey , not just to the United States but to the world , " Obama said at a joint news conference Monday with Turkish President Abdullah Gul . "  This is a country that has been often said lies at the crossroads between East and West . It 's a country that possesses an extraordinarily rich heritage but also represents a blend of those ancient traditions with a modern nation state that respects democracy , respects rule of law and is striving toward a modern economy . " Obama said Monday that the United States and Turkey can send a powerful message to the world through their friendship . "  I think that where there 's the most promise of building stronger U.S.-Turkish relations is in the recognition that Turkey and the United States can build a model partnership in which a predominantly Christian nation , a predominantly Muslim nation -- a Western nation and a nation that straddles two continents , " he continued , "  that we can create a modern international community that is respectful , that is secure , that is prosperous , that there are not tensions -- inevitable tensions between cultures -- which I think is extraordinarily important . " Watch Obama on the importance of the U.S.-Turkish relationship " U.S. approval ratings among Turks hit dismal lows throughout the Bush administration , largely because of the war in neighboring Iraq , which was widely unpopular in Turkey . The Turks seem to be captivated , however , by the new American president , according to one influential newspaper . On Monday , the Hurriyet published a front-page headline saying , "  Welcome Mr. President . ... Our hearts have been broken over the last eight years , now it is time to mend hearts . " Middle East analyst Reza Aslan said Monday that following years of frosty relations , Obama wants to strengthen ties with Turkey to send a signal to other Muslim nations . "  Turkey is the most important majority-Muslim state when it comes to the United States ' interest in the region , " he said . "  He wants to make the U.S.-Turkey relations the bedrock for the way in which he 's going to reach out to the rest of the Muslim world , " Aslan added . Obama said Monday that "  one of the great strengths of the United States " is that it does not consider itself "  a Christian nation or a Jewish nation or a Muslim nation . We consider ourselves a nation of citizens who are bound by ideals and a set of values . I think modern Turkey was founded with a similar set of principles . " In an address before the Turkish Parliament later Monday , Obama acknowledged that "  the trust that binds the United States and Turkey has been strained , and I know that strain is shared in many places where the Muslim faith is practiced . " Obama said , "  So let me say this as clearly as I can : The United States is not and will never be at war with Islam . " Watch what Obama says about Islam " On his first presidential visit to a Muslim country , Obama highlighted that he too had Muslims in his family and had lived in a Muslim-majority country . Obama also called on Turkey , NATO 's only Muslim member country , to work side by side with the United States to resolve conflicts across the turbulent Middle East . The president reiterated American support for Turkey 's bid to join the European Union , a position that was recently criticized by French President Nicolas Sarkozy . Former U.S. Defense Secretary William Cohen said Obama 's visit to Turkey is an "  important step for the president . " "  Turkey is a very important country -- one of our critical members of NATO . They play an important role in helping to support troops in both Iraq and Afghanistan . They will hopefully play a role in helping to bring about a Middle East peace settlement , " he said . Turkey sends "  a very important signal to the rest of the Muslim world that the United States is not anti-Muslim as so many have thought we have been , but rather here is a very strong Muslim nation that is working hand in hand with the United States , " Cohen said . Obama on Monday avoided pushing for a pledge he made during his presidential campaign to recognize officially the massacre of ethnic Armenians in 1915 as a genocide . Turkey vehemently denies Armenian claims that 1 million Armenians were killed in the last days of the Ottoman Empire . Instead , the American president highlighted recent diplomatic progress made between the governments of Turkey and Armenia , saying he was "  not interested in the U.S. tilting this negotiation in any way . " Turkey and Armenia do not have formal diplomatic relations and their borders are closed . However , last fall the Turkish president went to a soccer match in Armenia , and Armenia 's top diplomat was expected to attend a U.N.-sponsored "  Alliance of Civilizations " forum Monday in Istanbul , Turkey . Obama hinted that a major diplomatic breakthrough between the two rivals may come soon . "  My sense is they are moving forward quickly , " he said at an earlier press conference with Gul . "  I do n't want to pre-empt any arrangements that could be made in the near future . " CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	President Obama : U.S. a nation of citizens , not any particular religion Obama says he is trying to make a statement by ending trip in Turkey Obama on first state visit to largely Muslim nation U.S. approval ratings among Turks hit low during Bush administration
Not many people live to see their eulogies . Jim Diers is one of the lucky few . The Seattle man was going about his day alive and well when he started getting condolence messages over his death . Others asked if he was still alive , he says . Turns out , Seattle Mayor Ed Murray had issued a news release mourning his death . "  I 'm very saddened by the death of Jim Diers , " the Mayor said in the statement Thursday afternoon , according to CNN affiliate KIRO TV . "  He was an innovator in bringing communities together , and made a significant contribution to the foundation that makes Seattle special . His work with neighborhoods was passionate and progressive . His service to this city was unmeasurable . " The Mayor 's office told CNN that it mistook his death with that of another local official whose name sounds familiar . However , Diers was not even close to his death door . Far from it . "  I want to assure you that I am very much alive , " he posted on Facebook . In the post , he said he 'd had a productive day of work , conference calls and teaching . Exhausted , yes , but very much alive . "  I 'm dead tired today , but otherwise I 'm feeling great ! , " he posted . "  Thanks everyone for your concern , but I really do n't have any time for death . " About half an hour after Murray 's office released a statement , it retracted it . "  Jim Diers ... is alive and well , " it said . Diers ' loved ones heaved a collective sigh of relief .	Seattle Mayor Ed Murray issues a news release mourning man 's death Turns out , the man is alive and well "  I 'm dead tired today , but otherwise I 'm feeling great ! , " man says
CNN  -- The skeletal remains of two infants were found underneath a rural Texas trailer , police said Monday , in the same area where another set of infant remains was found last year . The skeletal remains of two infants were found near a Texas trailer , police said Monday . Authorities were called about 3:30 p.m. Sunday to the trailer south of Kennedale , about 15 miles southeast of Fort Worth , Texas , in rural Tarrant County , said Terry Grisham , spokesman for the Tarrant County Sheriff 's Office . There is a group of about five mobile homes there , he said , that are leased by the property owner . One of the mobile homes had recently become vacant , and the owner was cleaning it up , Grisham said . The owner pulled back the metal "  skirt " around the bottom of the mobile home and was "  digging around in there , " and found a plastic bag , Grisham said . When the man opened it up , he found a box , and inside the box he found the "  bones of a very young infant , " Grisham told CNN . He continued to look , and found another plastic container with more remains inside , of a "  similar-aged infant , " before calling 911 , Grisham said . In 2008 , the same man called police to report that he had found a suitcase in the same area , in an overgrown field a distance away from the mobile homes , while dumping leaves . When he used a knife to cut into the suitcase , a set of infant bones were found , Grisham said . The medical examiner 's office was unable to determine a cause of death because the remains were skeletal , although no bones were broken , he said . "  We worked the thing as best we could , without any more to go on than we had , " but the investigation stalled , Grisham said . Police have contacted the two people -- a brother and sister -- who recently moved out of the trailer , he said . The two have been cooperative with authorities , he said . They were interviewed separately , but both told police they had no idea the remains were there , Grisham said . Authorities and the medical examiner 's office remained at the scene Monday , Grisham said , and plan to use cadaver dogs at the site Monday afternoon in an effort to determine whether more remains were present . "  This ground is pretty brushy and overgrown , " he said . A county work crew was brought in to carefully cut down the brush to aid the search , he said . CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	The skeletal remains of two infants found near Texas trailer police said Monday Remains found in area where other infant remains were found last year One mobile home recently become vacant , owner was cleaning it up In 2008 , same man told police he found a suitcase that had infant remains
Chardon , Ohio  CNN  -- The cafeteria table where the deadly Ohio high school shooting began became a somber memorial for grief-stricken students returning for Friday first full day of classes since the incident . A boy at Chardon High opened fire on Monday and killed three classmates . Two other students were hospitalized and another was grazed by gunfire . The shooting rocked the school and the community of 5,100 people located 30 miles east of Cleveland . Teens heading back to their daily routines noticed some changes designed to reassure and calm them . Senior Garrett Szalay told CNN the lunchroom table where the shooting began has n't been moved . Flowers and stuffed animals are sitting on top of it , he said . The cafeteria was repainted and tables were rearranged to give the room a different look . The table , with its fake woodgrain top , chrome legs and bench seats , sits perpendicular in the cafeteria , a counterpoint to the way the other tables are arranged . Grief counselors and police were on hand , and the principal led a moment of silence , Szalay said "  Everyone is here for each other , " Szalay said . "  But a lot of us are moving on . " The person who authorities say is responsible , 17-year-old T.J. Lane , was charged Thursday afternoon with three counts of aggravated murder , two of attempted aggravated murder and one of felonious assault , the latter related to the student who was "  nicked in the ear " by a bullet , according to Geauga County Prosecuting Attorney David Joyce . Friday marked the first full school day since the incident , a return that administrators and staff touted as key to helping people through the healing process . School superintendent Joseph Bergant said that staff spent two days working on the transition , expressing confidence that they 'll be ready to provide comfort and support to those still trying to make sense of this week 's carnage . Some students were with their parents in the school on Thursday and counseling has been made available at various locales since the shooting . "  I watched families walk through the school holding hands , I watched people helping each other come back into the school , " said Geauga County Sheriff Dan McClelland of the scene inside the school Thursday . "  It was an incredible spirit of Chardon . I 'll never forget that . This is why we live here . " Frank Hall , an assistant football coach and study hall teacher who chased the gunman from the school , said Thursday it was important that students and staff return -- if for no other reason than to "  show that terror and evil do not win out . " Coach deflects "  hero " label "  I 'm here to tell you that tomorrow our schools will be open , our teachers will be there , our administration will be there , our parents and community , but more important our children will be there , " said Hall . Meanwhile , the legal process continues . Joyce , the prosecuting attorney , filed charges against Lane around 3:40 p.m. Thursday in juvenile court . The defendant 's next court appearance will be March 6 . A hearing scheduled for March 19 will discuss a motion to transfer his case to an adult court . The murder charges state that the teenager "  purposely and with prior calculation and design " fatally shot three people while at Chardon High . The prosecutor has said that the sophomore confessed that he took a .22 - caliber gun and a knife into the school Monday morning and fired 10 rounds as frightened students and some teachers ran for cover . By the time the bloodshed ended , three were killed : Daniel Parmertor , 16 , who died Monday ; Demetrius Hewlin , 16 , who died Tuesday morning ; and Russell King Jr. , 17 , who was declared brain dead Tuesday . This is not Lane 's first brush with the law , according to juvenile records released by authorities this week . When he was 15 , Lane was charged with juvenile assault for putting his uncle in a choke hold and punching him in the face , according to an incident report from the Geauga County Sheriff 's Office . The report stated that Lane 's aunt called 911 in December 2009 to report the boy and his uncle "  were physically fighting " -- and , at one point , the teen teamed up with his then-16-year-old brother , who himself was later charged with simple assault . Two sheriff 's deputies arrived to find the uncle "  bleeding from the mouth and ... on the kitchen floor . " Lane pleaded "  true , " the equivalent of guilty , to lesser charges of disorderly conduct . He was sentenced to up to 30 days in a detention center , fined and ordered to complete 24 hours of community service , according to court documents . At the time , Lane was in his grandparents ' custody , according to the complaint . Lane 's driver 's license was recently suspended for two and a half months after he was ticketed for "  failure to control " a vehicle . The license was reinstated in early February upon his completion of a mandatory driver improvement program , records show . Lane 's friends have said that the teen had a troubled childhood . His parents had both been charged with domestic violence against each other , according to court documents . His father also served prison time for assaulting a police officer and was charged with holding a different woman under running water and bashing her head into a wall . "  I think there 's a lot of kids that go through things like that . That does n't give them the right to kill other people , " said Bob Parmertor , Daniel Parmertor 's grandfather . "  There are five families , including ours , that have been affected by this . No one has the right to shoot other people because they 've had a rough life . " At an earlier news conference Thursday , relatives of two of the slain children described what the boys were like . "  My brother was the happiest kid on the planet , " Dominic Parmertor said of Daniel . "  He never got mad at anybody . He just loved to have fun . And when he was happy , other people were happy . " "  He would never do anything bad to anybody , " Dominic Parmertor added . "  He was going to change the world . He was an amazing individual . " Phyllis Ferguson , mother of Demetrius Hewlin , said her son donated his organs . His death was "  not in vain , " she said . "  For his one life , he gets to change eight lives . " She described her son as a "  computer nerd " and "  health nut " who loved football and worked out regularly . "  Most of all , I 'm gon na miss his hugs and kisses , " she said . Ferguson had a message for parents : "  No matter what you 're going through ... you grab your children , you kiss them and tell them you love them . " Ferguson said she did n't do that on Monday , because Demetrius was running late . Both Daniel and Demetrius were shot in the head , their relatives said . The mother of one of the wounded children spoke as well . Holly Walczak 's son Nick was wounded in his arm , neck and back , "  which created a spinal shock , " she said , adding that he is in serious condition but doctors are optimistic for his recovery . If a teacher had not pulled him to a safer place , it is likely Nick would have died as well , she said . Ron Parmertor , Daniel 's uncle , called on young people to watch out for potential signs on social media that someone they know may be troubled . If something posted on a social network "  does n't look right , tell your mom and dad , tell the police , tell a counselor , tell a neighbor , tell a friend . Just tell somebody , " he said . And , he added , to anyone who is having trouble dealing with the tragedy : "  Please talk to somebody . " CNN 's Laura Dolan , Martin Savidge , Josh Levs and Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	Grief counselors and police are at the school on Friday Staff have spent two days preparing for the students ' return , the superintendent says Three students died in the Monday shooting in Chardon , Ohio T.J. Lane was charged Thursday with three counts of aggravated murder
CNN  -- Greetings , everyone ! It 's a great day for baseball . We 've got a great battle for you today between two of the heaviest hitters in the baseball video game universe : "  MLB 11 The Show "  Sony  and "  MLB2K11 "  2KSports  . Both of these popular annual titles have retooled their lineups with some new additions this season . So in honor or baseball 's opening day Thursday , we match them up , feature by feature , in a nine-inning smackdown . Here we go : 1st inning -- Pitching : Both titles use buttons to select the type of pitch and the right analog stick for the delivery . "  MLB 11 The Show " is a simple pull-back , push-forward motion with the analog stick for the velocity and direction of the pitch . The more you use a pitch , the better it becomes . A sliding bar indicates the best time to go from back to forward on the stick for optimum accuracy . "  MLB2K11 " uses the left stick for direction and right stick for a series of movements that correspond to the type of pitch you select . For example , a cut fastball might require a move to the left followed by a sweeping motion down . Your success is based on how well you time the power of the pitch and how accurate you are with your analog movements . For ease of playability and not feeling like I have to contort every pitch , "  MLB11 The Show " scores first here . 2nd inning -- Hitting : Analog hitting is something both games do , but again , there is a difference in the execution . "  MLB2K11 " uses the left stick to indicate the direction you want to try to hit the ball and the right stick to make contact . A simple swing is a push forward and a power swing is pull back , then push forward . Bunting is done with the square button . Analog hitting on "  MLB 11 The Show " is all done with the right stick . You can decide if you want a normal swing or power swing by using the circle or square button , respectively . Pull back on the stick to have the player stride and then push forward to swing . Bunting is just a push forward motion . Both are easy enough to use , although I can not figure out if there is a timing to striding that helps hitting with "  MLB 11 The Show . " However , check swings are a bit easier with the stride , so I 'm giving one run each to both games . 3rd inning -- Fielding : Fielding in the games is identical . Move the left stick to get your player in position and use the correct buttons  or move the right stick if you are doing analog controls  to throw to the proper base . While fly balls in each game use a circle shadow on the field to indicate where the ball is traveling , "  MLB2K11 " changes things up a bit by utilizing a second circle inside the shadow to more precisely tell you where the ball is coming down . That second circle changes in size depending on the fielding rating of the player trying to make the catch . The better the fielder , the smaller the circle . For that , "  MLB2K11 " gets a run . 4th inning -- Players : Each game is associated with the Major League Baseball Players Association , so almost all of the majors ' current players are in the game , and their likenesses are recreated in digital format . The rosters are updated online , but when I tried to get the latest Baltimore Orioles roster , "  MLB 11 The Show " did n't include offseason acquisition Vladimir Guerrero in the lineup while "  MLB2K11 " did . I did find Vlad in the free agent pool , however . Both games try to recreate a realistic look and feeling with their digital players . "  MLB 11 The Show " seemed to do a better job at portraying facial features and reactions without being repetitive . "  MLB2K11 " had a couple instances where players would have sunglasses on while walking up to the batter 's box , then suddenly lose them when they stepped in . Also , "  MLB2K11 " would sometimes repeat the same player motions over and over after every pitch . Movement in the field felt more natural with "  MLB 11 The Show " with fluid action and no noticeable hiccups . "  MLB2K11 " had more than a few glitches when transitioning from fielding to throwing , but nothing that took away from actual game play . "  MLB2K11 " gets a run for the roster update out of the box , while "  MLB 11 The Show " gets 2 for a better look for the players and smoother animation . 5th inning -- Stadiums : Both games do a great job rendering all 30 major league parks with all the identifying quirks and traits that make each different . And both also have generic-looking minor league ballparks . Since there is no real difference between the two games here , I awarded no runs this inning . 6th inning -- Living the dream : Each game has a mode that allows you to create a player and take them from AA rookie to the Hall of Fame . "  MLB2K11 " My Player mode provides a mentor that tells you what you need to work on in the minors to get your call-up to the bigs . Skill points can be earned during each at-bat , fielding chance or running opportunity . Increase your skills enough , and you earn a promotion to AAA or the big leagues . "  MLB 11 The Show " also lets you earn skill points and advance your way through your organization but offers more options when setting up your player . You can figure out what type of player you want to be  contact hitter , power swinger , speedster , etc.  . Players also receive evaluations and training to make them better and get them ready for the majors . I played as a 2nd baseman and an outfielder in both . The infield experience was similar , but in the outfield , the camera angle on "  MLB2K11 " sometimes made it difficult to tell where I needed to go to catch the ball . It got to be really frustrating at times . So "  MLB 11 The Show " scores a run this inning . 7th inning -- Real life : Baseball is a game driven by statistics , and virtual baseball is no different . "  MLB 11 The Show " has developed a weather database that attempts to accurately reflect the real weather expected at each MLB stadium . That weather also affects what happens on the field and each player rating . "  MLB2K11 " tries to bring the real game into your virtual game by adjusting player skills as the season progresses . If a player in the real world gets on a hot streak , he will experience a hot streak in the game . Likewise , if he is not playing well , expect his performance to lag in the virtual world . So thanks to those in-season adjustments , "  MLB2K11 " gets the run here . 8th inning -- What 's new ? "  MLB2K11 " has some improved camera angles , a new revamped fielding system and upgraded player models  although they still could use some work  . The interface is better than last year , but still glitchy at times . It sometimes missed easy plays or threw to the wrong base . "  MLB 11 The Show " offers a new co-op mode that allows for a variety of options when you 're playing others online . The game also supports the Sony Move controller and offers a Challenge of the Week , where gamers can earn points toward prizes . And it offers 3-D functionality on the PlayStation 3 , if you want to see bats and balls flying at you . Each game earns a run this inning because these new enhancements add value to both . 9th inning -- Bonus items : "  MLB 11 The Show " has a limited edition DualShock3 wireless controller that looks sort of like a baseball -- it 's white and has baseball seams where the left and right buttons are located . But it 's only worthy if you have a PlayStation 3 . "  MLB2K11 " is once again offering $ 1 million to anyone who can pitch  and record  a perfect game using specific criteria . Last year , an Alabama man won the prize using a spring training roster and game . This year , the contest does not actually start until opening day , so the feat may be harder to accomplish . Let 's award one run for the awesome DualShock3 controller and one run for the potential of winning a million dollars . And the winner is ... ? Final score : "  MLB 11 The Show " 6 , "  MLB2K11 " 5 . Both games reach for as much realism as they can . But overall , smoother animation and player renderings make "  MLB 11 The Show " a better choice in achieving the feeling of immersion in the game . There seems to be more variation in movements and reactions with "  The Show , " which appears cleaner that "  MLB2K11 . " That said , the in-season adjustments in "  MLB2K11 " are an interesting real-life addition to your season . Bottom line : Today 's contest was a close call , but either game would be a winner in your collection . Both games were reviewed on the PlayStation 3 using the DualShock 3 controller . "  MLB2K11 " is available on the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , Wii , PlayStation 2 , PSP , Nintendo DS and PC . "  MLB 11 The Show " is available on the PS3 , PS2 and PSP . Both are rated E for Everyone and available now .	We pit "  MLB 11 The Show " against "  MLB2K11 " in a nine-inning contest Both games do a great job rendering realistic major league players and parks Each game allows you to create a fictional player and take them from AA to the Hall of Fame It was close , but one of the games emerged as our favorite
CNN  -- What started as the Occupy Wall Street movement in New York in September has spread across major cities worldwide as a call to action against unequal distribution of wealth . Here is a roundup of some of the movement 's recent developments . DENVER Police in Denver arrested three protesters Sunday , a day after 17 demonstrators were hauled off to jail . Tensions are high between the two groups , with each side blaming the other for scuffles . Protesters became upset Sunday when police began removing a food table from a park , some of them surrounding a police car . One woman then pushed a Denver police officer , according to a police statement . One officer twisted his knee , while another was treated and released from an area hospital after being hit in the head , police said . On Saturday night , police in riot gear arrested 17 people as they cleared furniture and tents from an Occupy encampment near the city 's civic center , police spokesman Sonny Jackson said . The main issue , he said , was that the items were blocking a right of way . "  People are welcome to come back and protest , but we do n't want them to do it in a way that 's not safe , " Jackson said . Occupy Denver has accused the police of brutality , saying officers have threatened to "  break the teeth " of protesters . It said police followed protesters even after they left the park , and assaulted demonstrators who stood on the sidelines . "  These are certainly the kind of actions one might expect from the Egyptian police in the last days of the Arab Spring , but not in Denver , " the group said . HONOLULU As President Barack Obama , First Lady Michelle Obama and the heads of 18 other nations dined together Saturday night , they were unwittingly serenaded for almost 45 minutes by a musician playing a song about the Occupy movement . "  We occupy the streets , we 'll occupy the courts , we 'll occupy the offices of you , till you do the bidding of the many , not the few , " sang Matthew Swalinkavich , a well-known local guitarist who calls himself Makana , the Hawaiian word that means "  the gift . " Makana was invited by the White House to perform during the APEC leaders ' dinner . Dressed in a suit , Makana at first played traditional Hawaiian-style music as leaders arrived at Honolulu 's Hale Koa Hotel . Eventually he unbuttoned his shirt to reveal a T-shirt that said , in handwritten letters , "  Occupy with Aloha , " and began playing a song he recently wrote , "  We Are the Many . " Video recorded on a cell phone by Makana 's sound technician showed some leaders turning their attention toward him as he sang , but most appeared not to notice . "  I started out very cautiously because my intention was not to disrupt their dinner . My intention was to subliminally convey a message that I felt was paramount to the negotiations , " Makana told CNN . NEW YORK Dozens of doctors and nurses descended on New York 's Zucotti Park on Sunday to administer free flu shots to ward off the risk of a sweeping infection in the close quarters . Some of the medics held up a sign that read , "  I 'm a doctor for the 99 % " Others made their way through the park , publicizing their drive and reminding the gathered they did n't have to be a part of the protests to receive the shots . Before the event , the non-profit Physicians for a National Health Program had asked for 99 doctors , nurses and students to administer the doses . Rob Harper told CNN 's iReport that some protesters initially were hesitant to receive the shot . "  One man said he would do it but was n't sure if it was some time of secret government experiment , " Harper said . "  He eventually took the shot and walk away happy . " Robert Espier , also speaking to CNN 's iReport , said the presence of the doctors "  means we have their support , support from all different sectors . " "  All of the doctors there , it was just enough to make an old man get a little watery-eyed , " Espier , 68 , said . OAKLAND , CALIFORNIA Oakland police issued a third notice for demonstrators to vacate city parks on Saturday , police spokeswoman Officer Johnna Watson told CNN . The protesters had not complied with that order , Watson said . A second notice was issued Saturday morning after a fatal shooting near the camp , according to CNN affiliate KCBS . A man in his early 20s was shot Friday . Authorities said one of the suspects has been "  a frequent resident at the encampment over the past several days , " KCBS said . PHILADELPHIA In Philadelphia , Mayor Michael Nutter said Sunday he was increasing police presence near the Occupy Philly camp . "  Occupy Philly has changed , " he said at a noon press conference . "  We 're seeing serious health and safety issues playing out on an almost daily basis ... The people of Occupy Philly have also changed and their intentions have changed . And all of this is not good for Philadelphia . " A woman reported she was sexually assaulted Saturday night in a tent at the encampment , Nutter said . CNN affiliate WPVI reported a suspect was arrested in the alleged assault . In addition , there is the threat of fire near historic City Hall and concerns about litter , public urination , defecation and graffiti , according to the mayor . Numerous reports of thefts and assaults in the encampment have been made , and 15 emergency medical runs were made between October 6 and November 11 , he said . "  Misconduct is not about free speech , " the mayor said , "  and the behavior we 're now seeing is running squarely into the needs of our city government that also represents the 99 % . As mayor of the city of Philadelphia , I represent the 99 % also . " PORTLAND , OREGON Police in Portland , Oregon , made more than 50 arrests Sunday as they cleared two parks -- Chapman and Lownsdale Square -- of protesters . Portland police called in law enforcement reinforcement from surrounding jurisdictions , and more than 300 officers took part in the sweep -- which went off without incident , authorities said . The city parks bureau spent Sunday night fencing off the sites . Mayor Sam Adams said late Sunday afternoon that "  a series of increased drug overdoses ... an arsonist that used the camp as camouflage and almost a 20 % increase in crime surrounding the encampment " prompted the move . "  All of us are working really hard at keeping the peace and protecting freedom of expression , " Adams told CNN . "  I support a lot of what the encampment stands for ...  But  it should n't be focused on port-a-potties and tents and encampments attracting criminal elements . I think this movement needs to evolve . " Kari Koch , one of the activists , told CNN that she was "  extremely disappointed that the mayor chose to crack down on these parks when the outpouring of support  among area residents  has been so strong . " "  Homeless people exist , drug addicts exist , mentally ill people exist . We were a safe place they could go , and that created some problems , " she said . "  And we were working to deal with those problems , and the mayor cut us off . " SALT LAKE CITY Salt Lake City said 19 people were arrested Saturday night as authorities moved in to clear an Occupy Salt Lake encampment at a downtown park . Police had ordered protesters to leave the park after a man was found dead late Thursday night . The cause of death was thought to be carbon monoxide poisoning and a drug overdose , CNN affiliate KSTU reported . "  We can no longer tolerate individuals camping on our streets , " Salt Lake City Police Chief Chris Burbank told reporters . However , "  only camping is over , " Salt Lake City Mayor Ralph Becker 's office said on Twitter -- protests can continue at the park . KSTU reported authorities said protesters would be allowed to have a 24-hour presence and one building , but the tents had to go . As police moved in Saturday evening , according to video from the scene , protesters chanted , "  This is what a police state looks like . " "  Our rights to assembly , which are embodied in the First Amendment , are still being violated , " protester Jesse Fruhwirth told KSTU . "  Our forefathers are speaking to us , telling us that this is what assembly looks like . Not being able to camp here severely limits the ability of us to keep our coalition together . " CNN 's Ashley Hayes , Brianna Keiler , Elizabeth Cherneff , Miguel Susana , Tenisha Bell and Maria P. White contributed to this report .	Singer performs tune about the Occupy movement at the APEC dinner Doctors administer free flu shots in New York park Oakland police issue a third notice for demonstrators to vacate city parks Portland police make more than 50 arrests
CNN  Julianne Moore won an Academy Award for her heart-wrenching performance in "  Still Alice , " in which she plays a linguistics professor with early-onset Alzheimer 's disease . Much has been written about her characterization of a woman struggling with the disease . But there 's another reason the performance hits home for millions of Americans , whether they are grappling with Alzheimer 's or not . The late Richard Glatzer , who co-directed the film with Wash Westmoreland , named it : "  Still Alice , " he said , is actually a film about "  the real unsung heroes : caregivers . " As the audience journeys with Alice and her family from diagnosis to acceptance and adaptation , we watch her husband and three children struggle to make sense of the changes in Alice . They each adjust in their own way , testing and transforming elements of their relationships . And we see what happens when care becomes -- or does n't become -- a central feature of these relationships . The changes in these relationships -- between husband and wife , and mother and child -- yield some of the most provocative , brutal and poignant moments of the film . The caregiving relationship is never simple , but the "  presence of being " it requires always offers an opportunity for raw honesty and transformation -- both for the individuals involved and the relationship itself . And , in the film , family members grow to become a crucial , if imperfect , circle of care . This story is familiar to more and more Americans , young and old . Like so many families , Alice 's did not have a plan to address such an unexpected diagnosis and must scramble to create makeshift solutions while navigating their own in-the-moment reactions . I recognize their confusion and pain all too well . After my grandfather 's vision deteriorated and his health failed in other ways , my father was unable to find him appropriate home-care support . He had to place him in a nearby nursing home , against my grandfather 's wishes . There he slept in a dark room with half a dozen other people , some completely still , others wailing with pain and suffering . It smelled of mold and illness . He did n't sleep or eat for days , and passed away just three months later . Even now , the memory of my visits with him sends a chill down my spine . In my new book , "  The Age of Dignity , " I explore the experiences of my family , families like Alice 's , and the millions of people across our nation who are called to care for loved ones in response to chronic illnesses , disabilities or the natural effects of aging . Most families do n't have a care plan in place , and more importantly , we as a nation do n't have a plan either . As a result , so many of us are struggling : we are overwhelmed family caregivers , we often can not afford the long-term care option we need -- if we can even find it -- let alone enjoy the time we have together . And we feel alone in this struggle . But we are not . In reality , 4 in 10 adults in America now care for loved ones , and by 2050 , 27 million Americans will need long-term care or assistance , many as a result of a demographic shift I call "  the elder boom . " As the baby boom generation ages , and health-care and scientific advances extend our life expectancy by nearly 20 years , the very nature of growing older is shifting . And polls show that more than 90 % of older Americans want to live out their elder years at home . The key to addressing this cultural shift is to bravely confront , embrace and place a new value on the caregiving relationship . Family caregivers such as Alice 's family members and professional caregivers like Elena , who joins Alice 's care circle later in the film , are critical to our ability to live and age the way we desire , connected to our families and communities until the end . In his moving 2013 commencement speech to Syracuse University graduates , author George Saunders reflected on the evolution of the human experience . "  Your ` self ' will diminish and you will grow in love , " Saunders said . "  You will gradually be replaced by Love . " With subtlety and realistic grace , the characters of "  Still Alice " reveal how the caregiving relationship , while never easy , enhances and amplifies this universally attainable goal . And that in the end , we should all strive to be replaced by love , and surrounded by care .	Ai-jen Poo : "  Still Alice " shows a scenario familiar to many Americans : An ailing family member and no plan for care She says it 's good reminder in our aging population of the critical role that caregivers play in allowing us to live with dignity
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Chris Brown faces possible jail time after a judge revoked his probation Monday in connection with his conviction in the beating of his girlfriend Rihanna . Brown 's alleged failure to hand over his drivers license and insurance information to another driver after a minor traffic crash in May triggered the probation revocation , but the singer will remain free until a trial is held . Brown , 24 , was already facing a probation violation trial after prosecutors accused him of not completing the community labor ordered for his 2009 felony assault conviction . A representative for Brown , however , said the singer expects the traffic charges to be dropped and probation reinstated . A lawyer for the other driver said in a court hearing Monday morning "  that his client did not want to press charges , that any damage was "  negligible " and that Chris did identify himself at the scene and that she was given all of the appropriate insurance information , " the Brown rep said in a statement to CNN Monday evening . "  We are hopeful that the case will be dismissed next week , " the rep said . A woman whose Mercedes was allegedly rear-ended by a Range Rover that Brown was driving on a Los Angeles street told investigators that he "  went ballistic " after the traffic accident and screamed at her . According to the police report on the incident , the other driver , Olga Gure , quoted Brown as shouting at her : "  You are a b -- h ! " Brown charged with hit-and-run The report added more from Gure , who quoted Brown as saying , "  Who do you think you are , b -- h ? Do you think if you driving Mercedes so got money , b -- h ? Do you think I am just a black n -- r ? I got more money than you , beech ! " The trigger for Brown 's alleged rage was that Gure took a photo of him and his girlfriend , Karrueche Tran , to document the scene -- since he allegedly refused to show her his driver 's license , she said . When Brown tried to grab the camera , Tran screamed "  Do n't touch her , do n't touch her , " Gure said . "  I was so shocked , that I was speechless , " she said . "  Just a moment ago he was a nice guy . After screaming some insulting nonsense for a while longer , he slammed a door and drove away fast and noisy . " A private investigator visited her two days later to give her Brown 's name , birthdate and business address and the contact information for Brown 's lawyer , Mark Geragos , she said . She was also given an expired insurance card for the Range Rover , she said . A body shop estimate showed Gure 's car needed $ 868 in bumper repairs . Brown was ordered to return to court on August 16 for a hearing to set a trial date to determine if the probation revocation will stand . If it does , Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge James Brandlin could order Brown to jail to serve part of the original five-year jail sentence imposed for the attack on Rihanna . Another judge continued the traffic case against Brown during a hearing Monday morning . He is charged with hit-and-run driving and driving without a license . The ever divisive Chris Brown Brown 's Twitter defense Brown used his Twitter account to protest the traffic charges last month : "  It 's not a hit and run if u get out the car , exchange information  who has NO DAMAGE to either cars  . This is really ridiculous " "  I have a valid drivers license and I gave the woman the right info . She saw cameras and wanted to make a scene . " "  She contacted the cops thinking of a payday from Chris Brown when I followed the proper procedures . " "  My lawyers will be contacting you . I will not stand for this bullying and yellow journalism ! " "  My profile pic is the pic I took of the persons car after "  the hit and run " . NO damage . Just a dirty car . once again , I got ta clear my name " "  I work my ass off to provide for my entire family . I 've made mistakes in the past and have worked hard to be a better person . " "  19-24 years of age . I do n't have all the answers and you ca n't show me a person that age who has it figured out . We live and grow . Let me live " Brown totals car with dodging paparazzi , rep says Another probation violation charge Brown punched Rihanna inside a rented Lamborghini on a Hollywood street , leaving her face bruised and bloody on the eve of the Grammy Awards in February 2009 . He entered a guilty plea seven months later and was sentenced to serve five years probation and to spend more than 1,400 hours in "  labor-oriented service " for the assault conviction . The judge allowed him to serve the sentence in Richmond , Virginia , under the direct supervision of the police chief . In a court filing in February 2013 , prosecutors accused Brown of not completing the community labor . The paperwork Brown submitted to show he had completed community labor is "  at best sloppy documentation and at worst fraudulent reporting , " District Attorney Jackie Lacey said . Brown was n't in town on some of the dates reported , the motion said . Geragos , Brown 's attorney , said the prosecutor 's filing was so fraudulent that he would ask the judge to punish the deputy district attorneys involved and call for a contempt of court hearing for filing false documents with the court . "  And I do n't mean just false , it is fraudulent , " Geragos said . The Los Angeles County district attorney 's office has "  tortured " Brown during his probation more than any client he 's ever had , Geragos said . The prosecutor is asking the judge to order him to restart his 1,400 hours of community service under the supervision of a Los Angeles probation officer . Rihanna shows support in court for Chris Brown	Brown allegedly refused to give another driver his license , insurance info after a wreck The other driver told police Brown screamed and cursed at her after the minor crash Brown remains free until another hearing on August 16 The singer faces another probation violation for allegedly failing to complete community service
The website Humans of New York has been called a lot of things since Brandon Stanton , a bond trader-turned-photographer , launched the popular photo series almost three years ago . What it 's not , he says , is a photography blog -- a collection focused just on the images or shooting technique . "  The people and their unique stories make the pictures interesting . On their own , they would n't have the same impact , " Stanton , 29 , said in a phone interview this week from his home and studio in Brooklyn . From there , two assistants help him post and maintain the social media accounts he uses to share his diverse images of New Yorkers . Check out CNN Photos , CNN.com 's photography blog Stanton , who grew up outside Atlanta , says he has refined his approach to focus on storytelling in the few years since Humans of New York took off on Tumblr . It 's a formula that seems to work no matter where he goes . Stanton is best known for his images of people from the streets of New York , but some of the work of which he 's most proud comes from a trip to Iran in 2012 . People often remarked upon how his images "  soften " and "  humanize " the tough image of New Yorkers , "  so I thought what would it be like to apply that effect to a place that is feared , " Stanton said . Now , about 50,000 of the website 's 1.5 million Facebook followers are from Iran , he says . War & Fashion : Carnage and the catwalk , in photos This week , his first book of images , "  Humans of New York , " was published . Here 's an edited transcript of a conversation about the book , his rise to fame and what else has changed in the three years since he began to look at his fellow New Yorkers in a different way . CNN : How did the book come about ? Stanton : Whenever you get a large body of work like Humans of New York , a natural pathway becomes to put it between two covers . I wanted this to be a very nice keepsake . A lot of work went into it , and a lot of fans are attached to it . I wanted the book to be a piece of art and not just a cost effective way of repackaging the material for mass consumption . CNN : How has your approach changed since you began ? Stanton : The approach to the concept started out purely as photography blog . In the first year , I was just taking pictures without captions . Then I started having interactions in streets , and they were evolving to the point where now I ca n't call it a photography blog because the storytelling is so vital . The approach to the work has changed in that way . CNN : How do you approach people ? Stanton : My approach is something that has evolved after getting rejected dozens of times . I say as little as possible now . I do n't explain the blog up front unless they ask . I just kindly ask for people 's photos , and if they ask what it 's for I explain the blog to them . It 's easy to over-explain yourself , and it 's not really the words you say -- it 's about the energy you give off . It took me a long time to learn that . I was always looking for the right way to explain myself , but it 's about how calm you are and how genuine you are . Now , I try to be as natural as possible . CNN : Are you still eating cat food and living on very little , as you told Tumblr last year ? Stanton : I 'm no longer eating cat food . I 've moved up to high-quality dog food . I 'm joking . I 'm no longer scrambling to pay my rent every month . I still have a roommate , and I live in  Bedford-Stuyvesant  , and though nothing in New York is cheap , it 's relatively inexpensive . I enjoy my lifestyle now , but I have no need to upgrade . The book deal is not substantial in the book world , but it 's substantial in terms of my life . I have two book deals , one for  this week  and then a children 's book called "  Little Humans "  due out next year  . CNN : How do you make money ? There are no ads on your Tumblr , obviously . Stanton : I did one big commercial job . I 've turned down tons of jobs from pharmaceutical companies , alcohol , credit cards , but I did extensive commercial work for Amtrak , nine days in seven different cities . But I did n't announce it on the blog . I emphasized to them that I would not be promoting or advertising it on HONY . I will do work as a photographer but will not rent out HONY . CNN : What are some of your favorites ? Stanton : I always have a hard time answering that . Any HONY picture in isolation  does n't  give the feel of the project . The feel of the project is the scope . A friend of mine said it 's all about the slow burn , it 's all about me getting out there each day and approaching people and putting together a huge spectrum of people . That 's what makes it special rather than any technical proficiency or any single shot .	Brandon Stanton launched the photo series Humans of New York three years ago His work is popular on Tumblr and Facebook , and it features short stories with images A book of Stanton 's images , "  Humans of New York , " published this week Next year , Stanton will be publishing a children 's book , "  Little Humans "
Fort Lauderdale , Florida  CNN  -- Jim Leyritz is seven years removed from pro baseball , 11 years from his last World Series home run . But he 's itching to get back on the field . Three years ago this December , after having a few drinks with friends on his 44th birthday , the car he was driving hit that of 30-year-old Freida Veitch . She died as a result , and Leyritz soon found himself staring down the prospect of up to 15 years in prison after being charged with vehicular manslaughter while driving drunk . On Saturday , a South Florida jury decided his fate : not guilty of vehicular manslaughter , though guilty of a lesser drunken-driving charge . A bailiff unlocked his handcuffs , and an emotional Leyritz hugged his mother and girlfriend . He hugged three of the jurors as well , showing them pictures of the three boys of whom he had primary custody . And soon thereafter , he heard from his boys ' baseball program -- which had barred the former New York Yankee from being on the bench during practices and games alongside his sons . "  They ... said , ` OK , springtime , we want you back out here coaching , ' " he said Sunday from a Fort Lauderdale , Florida , youth baseball complex he said he often goes to several times a week with his kids . "  It 's one of the things I miss the most . " After his retirement , Leyritz traded off his athletic celebrity , giving motivational speeches tied to his postseason heroics as well as doing radio and TV work . On the morning of December 28 , 2007 , after the crash , he said he was wearing a large World Series ring when he told law enforcement officers , "  I 'm Jim Leyritz , the baseball player . " Before he was charged criminally , Leyritz settled a civil lawsuit filed by Veitch 's family , saying he did so out "  of the goodness of my heart " to help out the victim 's two children . Still , he said he feels his high profile worked against him -- and contributed to the vehicular manslaughter charge -- because "  people wanted to get their 15 minutes -LSB- of fame -RSB- . " Well before the trial started this month , Leyritz said he had to breathe into a breathalyzer regularly -- to assure that he had n't been drinking -- at home for three months , temporarily lost his license , then had to breathe into a car breathalyzer every time he got behind the wheel . He went through "  DUI school " as well as nine weeks of counseling , he said . Because of his legal troubles , Leyritz said he lost his jobs in the media as well as speaking engagements . It could have been worse , said Leyritz , had Major League Baseball not stepped up and helped him pay his bills . All the while , the former player said he threw himself into the criminal case , regularly returning to the accident scene , poring over testimony , talking with his lawyer . Still , Leyritz said he felt helpless as he awaited the verdict of the jury that had , the day earlier , told the judge it was deadlocked . "  I used to be a catcher , controlling the entire game , Before I put my hand down , the game did n't start , " he said . "  This was totally different . This was totally something over which you have no control . " Prosecutors claimed that Leyritz was legally drunk when he sped through a red light and hit Veitch ; the defense countered that Veitch did n't have her lights on and that the light was yellow when Leyritz drove through . A defense expert , Dr. Stefan Rose , testified that Leyritz told him he had seven drinks shortly before the crash , a number that the defendant said was n't right but "  a number we had to use . " Jury foreman Brian Haul told CNN 's sister network TruTV that , while all six people quickly agreed Leyritz was n't guilty of the greater charge , they felt compelled to hold him responsible on some grounds . "  Are we going to go in front the public and say it 's OK to have four or five drinks within an hour or so period of time and then hit the road ? I think that was the deciding factor , " he said . Yet one juror , Sharon Wessinger , said she had also wanted to acquit Leyritz of the lesser drunken driving charge . She told Leyritz , who came over to show the jurors ' pictures of his three boys after the verdict , that she changed her mind to avoid a hung jury that may have led to another trial . "  The thought of it going into another trial later and you possibly being convicted of manslaughter , when we were n't doing that , I could n't let that happen , " Wessinger told Leyritz . Jurors said they did n't believe the defense 's argument that the crash occurred 10 minutes earlier than investigators had said . But they also said that they did n't believe Leyritz ran the red light , and said that Veitch 's drinking -- her blood-alcohol level was 0.18 , more than twice the legal limit -- and the fact she was n't wearing a seat belt were critical factors in her death . The victim 's husband , Jordan Veitch , left the courtroom with his parents , saying only that Leyritz "  did n't get what he deserved . " Leyritz 's legal travails are n't over ; prosecution and defense attorneys will meet December 1 , to settle on a sentencing date on the drunken driving charge . But the most jail time he could face is six months , far short of what could have awaited him . And for now , Leyritz is free on bond and required to breath into a device every time he gets behind the wheel . Speaking Sunday , the day after the verdict , Leyritz said he has some bitterness : toward the prosecutor , over the fact he had not been able to see his brother before he died of ALS , and because his children had to go through the whole ordeal . Since it 's an anniversary of the crash , he said every birthday will remind him of Veitch "  and I 'll say my prayers and condolences . " Still , Leyritz said that the entire thing will be worth it , if his and Veitch 's story might convince someone not to drive after a few drinks . And he said that it 's also strengthened his faith , and made him all the more grateful to be free and with family . "  The difference is , you come home and your little 9-year-old boy comes up to you and says , ` Daddy , it 's over , ' " he said of his relief after the verdict . "  I was fighting for these three boys , who needed their father . " In Session 's Grace Wong contributed to this report .	Jim Leyritz describes his experience after tried for DUI manslaughter The former baseball star says he was "  fighting for -LSB- his -RSB- three boys " He is acquitted of one charge , convicted of a lesser charge Leyritz could have faced 15 years in prison for killing a woman while driving drunk
Mashable  -- Lady Gaga fans were delighted Monday to learn that they could download her new album , Born This Way , from Amazon for a mere $ 0.99 -- until , of course , technical difficulties set in . Downloads of the album are delayed , leaving folks unable to get the entire album immediately upon purchase . Amazon issued the following statement : "  Amazon is experiencing high volume and downloads are delayed . If customers order today , they will get the full Lady Gaga , Born This Way album for $ 0.99 . Thanks for your patience . " However , the damage has already been done , as users are meting out one-star ratings in droves , most of which deal with Amazon 's slow service as opposed to the quality of the music  although some reviews in the lower bracket did dub the disc "  disappointing "  . As a result , the album has a relatively low three-star rating . Reviews of the following nature reign : "  This review is n't a review of the album , but of the Amazon 's digital music service . I tried this as an experiment to see if I wanted to order more music this way , but it only downloaded half the songs . Still a deal at 99 cents , but not an experiment I 'll want to repeat with a full-price album . " Many reviews also trumpet the user 's intent to buy from iTunes in the future , instead of Amazon -- a state of affairs Amazon would want to avoid , considering iTunes already holds most of the market share for digital music . This backlash does not bode well for the future popularity of Amazon 's new Cloud Player service , which the company was touting in the promotional language of the deal , offering users more storage space for buying the album .  2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Amazon.com was apparently unprepared for demand for Lady Gaga 's new album The online retailer is offering the new record for 99 cents Amazon was experiencing problems serving up the download to some customers
CNN  -- At age of 52 , it might be too late to re-visit your beliefs and principles in order to change them . When you see the regression from where we were , to the situation now and realize the dream you have been working towards has moved almost entirely out-of-reach , you feel tired , hopeless , and less motivated to recharge yourself . I was born in Gaza in 1962 to a refugee family who had been expelled from their village "  Sawafir " in the then British -- mandate of Palestine . Five years later , in June 1967 , Gaza was occupied by Israel , which meant that I grew up under the occupation . When you live under occupation , your national ambitions become clearer and stronger . I promised myself that I would do my utmost to contribute to achieving peace and freedom for our people and region through talks and debates . In 1987 , at the age of 27 , I took part in the first intifada , which I viewed as largely peaceful , with boys and girls throwing stones at well-equipped Israeli soldiers . Through that struggle , we succeeding in winning the hearts and minds , not only of the international community but also many Israelis themselves ; who became advocates for our right to have a free and independent Palestinian state . I learned , to some extent , what freedom meant when I took my first plane trip , flying to London via Tel Aviv in 1993 . I had been invited by Amnesty International in my capacity as the founder of the organization 's Palestinian branch . I wrote articles and appeared on television and radio to promote human rights and non-violent struggle ; I was invited to address Israeli audiences and receive Israeli citizens in Gaza itself . I also stood as a candidate in the first Palestinian parliamentary elections in 1996 . Then , my dream of being a free citizen in a free state grew and flourished , but over time it gradually became weaker and weaker . Twenty years ago , how to make peace with Israel was a daily topic for the Palestinian people . It was very normal to see tens of Israelis citizens walking freely along Gaza streets , shopping and making conversation . On the other side of the border , an influential Israeli camp was advocating making peace with the Palestinians . Nowadays , "  peace " is perhaps the least used word in Gaza 's daily lexicon , replaced as it has been by the terms ; tanks , F16 , killing , shelling , rockets and revenge . And in Israel , politicians and groups compete to see who will be more aggressive towards the Palestinians . This is demonstrated by the success of the extreme right in politics . Twenty years ago , more than 80,000 Palestinian workers went to Israel every day to work alongside Israelis , acting as ambassadors for co-existance . Twenty years ago , it was common to see the slogan and fliers "  PEACE NOW " on cars and at shops and restaurants . Making peace with the Palestinians appeared to be a priority for the Israeli public . Recently , the Israeli government built a huge wall separating Israel from the Palestinian territories . Now that Israeli citizens can not see us any more , it seems they have lost sight of our reality . And the reality has been deteriorating . When the Israelis began building separation walls in the late 1990s , many of its citizens were being killed by suicide bombers . In September 2000 , the second intifada erupted with a far more violent face than its predecessor . Hamas won the election in 2006 and took control from Fatah forcibly in June 2007 , prompting Israel to blockade the Gaza Strip , which created humanitarians crises . Since then Israel has declared three wars against Gaza , in 2008 , 2012 and now 2014 . Meantime , Hamas and other resistance movements continue to launch homemade rockets into Israel 's cities . Within the new reality , the Israelis and Palestinians are unable to see/meet/talk / interact with each other . I always say , it is easy to fight someone you do n't know and/or have no mutual interests with , but you can not make peace with someone unless you know them well and share interests . This is why it has been easy for the new generations on both sides -- Israeli and Palestinians -- to fight each other aggressively . They have never met and they do n't see the benefit of living peacefully . Nowadays , they communicate from a distance through rockets , bullets , shelling , guns -- instead of physically interacting . The generations of both sides have been taken hostages by the conflict , they consume and waste their energy and resources to make the other 's life more difficult . Both generations have to work harder to find the lost opportunity , which is hidden underneath scene of the conflict ; they have to be educated to look differently . Regional cooperation In today 's globalized world , the problems have become cross-border despite being perceived as local . Regional cooperation is needed . Both Israelis and Palestinians suffer severe water shortages , pollution , population growth , radicalism , unemployment . But while the cost of conflict to both is huge , the profit of peace would be much higher . In addition to the waste of their own resources , the Palestinians have received billions of dollars of aid in the past 20 years since the Oslo accord , while Israel receives U.S. aid assistance of about US$ 3 billion every year . Some of the international aid and the local resources are spent in fueling the conflict , though it would make a huge and positive difference to people 's lives if such huge amounts were instead used in developmental projects . Both the Israeli and Palestinian governments might be able to reach a peace agreement , but achieving culture of peace remains distant . I have never thought to leave Gaza or to emigrate , though I have always easy access to such a possibility . I believe that Gaza is in need of an "  agent of change . " I have been and I wanted to continue to be such an agent of change . But I feel tired , hopeless and less motivated to recharge myself . What is Israel 's endgame in Gaza ? What is Hamas ' endgame in Gaza ? How do we get a cease-fire to end the bloodshed in Gaza ?	Omar Shaban was born to a Palestinian refugee family and grew up in Gaza In 1987 he participated in the first intifada and went on to work for as a peace campaigner But he says as violence has increased , so has the gap between citizens on both sides He says it is disheartening to see that Gaza is further from peace than it was 20 years ago
CNN  -- Bolivia 's president wants a peaceful solution to a two-week-old protest by residents of a remote Andean city who have cut off all roads , train and air traffic with the rest of the world , a government spokesman said Tuesday . About 6,000 of the 16,000 residents in Potosi , in southwestern Bolivia , have mounted the blockade . They say President Evo Morales has abandoned them after they supported his presidential bid four years ago . The protesters have blocked all the roads into town , as well as the rail line to neighboring Chile . On Saturday , the villagers also closed down the airport . Some protesters also launched a hunger strike , which has been joined by Potosi Province Governor Felix Gonzalez and other officials as well as union leaders . At issue is a boundary dispute with the neighboring department of Oruro . Protesters also say the government has n't invested enough in their area and have made demands such as better roads and the construction of a modern airport . Presidential spokesman Ivan Canelas said Tuesday the government has no intention of mounting a military operation to end the blockade and urged protesters to come to the negotiating table . The protesters "  should put aside their intransigence , end their pressure tactics and partake in dialog as the best path to solve the region 's demands , " Canelas said at a news conference . "  Thousands of children are harmed because schools are closed , as are the health centers and the food markets . " More than 100 foreign tourists are believed trapped in the area , news reports said . The leftist Morales , who is indigenous , relied on a broad base of support among indigenous people and the poor -- nearly always one and the same in Bolivia -- for his election victory . Whites in Bolivia account for only 15 percent of the population , according to the CIA World Factbook . About 30 percent of the population is Quechua and another 25 percent are Aymara , both indigenous groups . Meztizos , who are of mixed white and indigenous ancestry , account for 30 percent of the population .	Protesters say President Evo Morales has ignored their plight They have blockaded roads and the rail line and shut down the airport The government wants dialog , the president 's spokesman said The government has no intention of using the military , the spokesman said
CNN  -- Tiger Woods has apologized after he was fined by the European Tour for spitting on the 12th green during the final round of the Dubai Desert Classic . The world number three endured a torrid Sunday and was caught on camera spitting near the hole after missing a par putt when playing with Sergio Garcia , from Spain . Woods has been fined an undisclosed amount after European Tour officials reviewed footage of the incident . The former world number one took to Twitter on Monday to express his remorse : "  The Euro Tour is right -- it was inconsiderate to spit like that and I know better . Just was n't thinking and want to say I 'm sorry . " Woods flops as Quiros aces his way to Dubai victory He added : "  Everyone was terrific all week , fans especially . Dubai is always a fantastic host . Just wish the week could have ended better . " A spokesman for the European Tour told CNN : "  The tournament director , Mike Stewart , feels there has been a Breach of the Tour Code of Conduct and consequently Tiger Woods will be fined . " Woods went into the final round on Sunday just one shot off the lead but struck a three-over-par 75 to sink down the leaderboard . It was his worst round as a professional on a regular European Tour event and he finished in 20th place . He was visibly irritated as it became clear his 14-month title drought was set to continue and afterwards described his play as "  very frustrating " on the European Tour 's official website . "  I got off to such a poor start -- I was two-over through three early and just could n't make it up from there . "  But there were quite a few positives this week . Also a couple of glaring examples of what I need to work on , which is good . I 'll go to work next week . " The tournament was eventually won by Spain 's Alvaro Quiros , who carded a hole-in-one during his round of 68 to finish on 11-under . Woods ' next appearance will be at the Accenture World Match Play Championship in Tuscon , Arizona . Meanwhile , D.A. Points recorded his first PGA Tour victory Sunday , taking the Pebble Beach National Pro-Am title alongside playing partner , actor Bill Murray . Points finished with a five-under-par round of 67 to finish on 15-under for the tournament -- two clear of Hunter Mahan .	Tiger Woods is fined by the European Tour for spitting during the Dubai Desert Classic Woods spat near the hole on the 12th green after missing a par putt Woods apologizes on Twitter saying he should have ` known better ' World number three endured a torrid final round sinking from tied second to 20th place
CNN  -- You 've been thinking about it for weeks . Mounds of turkey piled high with buttery mashed potatoes , dripping with gravy . Green bean casserole and pumpkin pie . Or sweet potato casserole and pecan pie . Cranberries . Collard greens . Stuffing . Every year , we spend hours making the traditional Thanksgiving favorites just like our mom used to do , like her mom did before that . "  When you do something repeatedly over the years , it builds up a kind of power , " nutritional psychologist Marc David says . "  It creates its own momentum . To make the same dish year after year , decade after decade , there 's something in that that connects us to the past . " Nostalgia comes from the Greek word for homecoming  nostos  and pain  algos  . But experts say feeling nostalgic is actually good for your mental health . Anything can bring on that special moment -- music , smells , photos . We play the same songs , cook the same recipes , take the same family photo in the same spot next to the same fireplace because we 're human , David says . Our biological functions are based on repetitive rhythms . Our brains are hardwired to relax when surrounded by the familiar . "  Emotional eating has gotten a bad name , " David says . "  We 're emotional people . We are emotional beings . We 're built for pleasure . " Nostalgic products fill a need to belong and feel socially connected , according to an Arizona State University study published in the Journal of Consumer Research last year . That 's why this time of year , TV and radio ads are filled with smiling families sitting around a large table in holiday sweaters , passing the dinner rolls . Even if you 're far away from home , companies want you to believe that buying those same dinner rolls will fill your heart with holiday joy . Turns out , it works . Dr. Clay Routledge works with other researchers from the University of Southampton 's nostalgia project . He recently published an article in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology titled "  The past makes present meaningful . " Nostalgia , Routledge found , increases a person 's self-esteem . Daily activities like going to class or attending meetings are routine , even boring . When we engage in nostalgia , we tend to think of the things that are really important to us . That makes us feel like our life is meaningful . Taste of Home 's sweet potato tart recipe "  What 's amazing about autobiographical memory is that bad memories fade faster than positive memories , " Routledge says . "  One thing that 's interesting about nostalgia is that it 's not 100 % detail accurate -- it 's more the highlights . " Nostalgia is largely social . Routledge ' s studies found that people who are alone or disconnected feel better after engaging in nostalgia . Yet you 're probably dreaming right now about your grandfather 's deep-fried turkey , not about him , right ? "  Is it really about the food ? " Routledge asks . "  Or is the food just sort of a trigger or cue for what the holidays are really all about , which is relationships . We do n't eat these foods other times of the year because we 've segmented them off as special . They go with this occasion . They go with the relationships . " For Taste of Home editor Catherine Cassidy , Thanksgiving means cooking for the ones she loves . She gets satisfaction in putting good food on the table for her family . So many of our best moments from the past , she says , are rooted in our sense of smell . "  We call them food memories . When it comes to the holidays we are always trying to recreate the magic and the specialness we experienced when we were children . " So indulge in a little Thanksgiving daydream . Long for the oyster stuffing . Sniff the air in anticipation of mom 's pumpkin pie . Then on the big day , enjoy your holiday feast , and all the benefits that come from the power of nostalgia .	Nostalgia comes from the Greek word for homecoming  nostos  and pain  algos Nostalgic products fill a need to belong and feel socially connected People who are alone or disconnected feel better after engaging in nostalgia
Washington  CNN  -- Monday marks the 50th anniversary of the Supreme Court 's landmark ruling in Gideon v Wainwright in which the justices unanimously affirmed a constitutional right to a lawyer for criminal defendants too poor to afford one . Much has been written about the case , which overruled an earlier decision and forced states to create taxpayer-funded public defender offices . Movies and documentaries have also been made . Clarence Gideon was charged with breaking into a Panama City , Florida , pool hall on June 3 , 1961 . The place was vandalized and money stolen from a cash register . A witness later claimed he saw Gideon leaving the business at 5:30 a.m. with a wine bottle and money in his pocket . Based on that , he was charged with petty larceny and breaking and entering . He was denied a court-appointed lawyer in state court , represented himself and was convicted . Here are some of the key moments of the case in the words of those involved : "  Mr. Gideon , I am sorry , but I can not appoint counsel to represent you in this case . Under the laws of the state of Florida , the only time the court can appoint counsel to represent a defendant is when that person is charged with a capital offense . I am sorry , but I will have to deny your request to appoint counsel to defend you in this case . " -- Trial judge . Gideon , to the trial judge : "  The United States Supreme Court says I am entitled to be represented by counsel . " -- Bay County , Florida , courtroom , August 4 , 1961 . "  Gideon seemed a man whose own private hopes and fears had long since been deadened by adversity -- a used-up man , looking  15  years older than his actual age of  52  . He appeared gaunt , a stooped 6 feet , 140 pounds . " He spoke "  in a slow , sad , defeated voice . " -- Anthony Lewis , author of "  Gideon 's Trumpet , " a 1964 book about the case . An appeal to the Florida Supreme Court was denied , so he launched another . "  I , Clarence Earl Gideon , claim that I was denied the rights of the 4th , 5th and 14th amendments of the Bill of Rights . " -- Gideon 's 1962 handwritten petition to the Supreme Court . "  It makes no difference how old I am or what color I am or what church I belong too -LSB- sic -RSB- if any . The question is I did not get a fair trial . The question is very simple . " -- Gideon 's petition . "  I think Betts vs. Brady -LSB- the 1942 precedent -RSB- was wrong when it was decided . I think time has made that clear . And I think that the time has come that the correct rule , the civilized rule , the rule of individualism , the rule of due process must be stated by this court . " -- Abe Fortas , the court-appointed attorney and future Supreme Court justice who argued Gideon 's appeal before the high court , January 15 , 1963 . "  I believe that this case dramatically illustrates the point that you can not have a fair trial without counsel . Indeed , I believe that ... a criminal court , is not properly constituted ... under our adversary system of law , unless there is a judge and unless there is a counsel for the prosecution and unless there is a counsel for the defense . Without that , how can a civilized nation pretend that it is having a fair trial ? -- Fortas in his oral argument . "  In our adversary system of criminal justice , any person haled into court , who is too poor to hire a lawyer , can not be assured a fair trial unless counsel is provided for him . This seems to us to be an obvious truth . ... The right of one charged with crime to counsel may not be deemed fundamental and essential to fair trials in some countries , but it is in ours . From the very beginning , our state and national constitutions and laws have laid great emphasis on procedural and substantive safeguards designed to assure fair trials before impartial tribunals in which every defendant stands equal before the law . This noble ideal can not be realized if the poor man charged with crime has to face his accusers without a lawyer to assist him . " -- Justice Hugo Black , writing the March 18 , 1963 , Supreme Court opinion . "  In the decades since this remarkable case -- and Gideon 's retrial , at which he was found not guilty -- public defender systems have been established in some states and strengthened in others . Additional court actions have expanded the right to counsel in juvenile and certain misdemeanor cases . And our nation has made significant strides in fulfilling the promise of Gideon - and ensuring quality representation for more of those who need it . "  Yet , despite half a century of progress -- even today , in 2013 -- far too many Americans struggle to gain access to the legal assistance they need . And far too many children and adults routinely enter our juvenile and criminal justice systems with little understanding of the rights to which they 're entitled , the charges against them , or the potential sentences they may face . In short , America 's indigent defense systems exist in a state of crisis . -- Attorney General Eric Holder at Friday 's 50th anniversary event . "  I will not be proud of this biography . There will be no cause of pride , nor will it be the absolute truth . I can not remember or desire to remember that well . Also , being only a human being , I will try , though I know I can not to justify myself through this outline . " -- Clarence Gideon .	Landmark Supreme Court case affirmed the right to a lawyer for criminal defendants Clarence Gideon was charged with breaking into a Florida pool hall in 1961 He was denied an attorney , represented himself and was convicted at trial Gideon was represented before the Supreme Court by future justice Abe Fortas
CNN  -- Two 18-year-old men face child pornography charges in connection with the case of a 17-year-old girl who hanged herself after she was allegedly gang-raped and bullied online , Canadian authorities said Thursday evening . A police statement did not provide details , but the family of Rehtaeh Parsons has said she developed suicidal thoughts after she was sexually assaulted in 2011 and a picture of the incident was shared by phone and online . The two men whose names were not released were arrested Thursday morning at their homes in Halifax , Nova Scotia , according to Royal Canadian Mounted Police and Halifax Regional Police . One man faces two counts of distribution of child pornography , authorities said . The other is accused of one count of distribution of child pornography and one count of making child pornography . The two , who were minors at the time of the incident , were released on a promise to appear August 15 in youth court . Parsons was taken off life support in April , three days after she hanged herself . Internet trolls : What to do about the scourge of the Web ? The alleged sexual assault by four boys happened in November 2011 when Rehtaeh was 15 , her family said . Authorities confirmed that a photograph was circulated to friends ' mobile phones and computers . Police investigated , but no criminal charges were filed at that time . In April , police in eastern Canada announced they would reopen the case "  in light of new and credible information that has recently been brought forward to police . " Chief Superintendent Roland Wells of Halifax District RCMP said he hoped the arrests will help the community heal . "  A young girl has died in what was a tragic set of circumstances , " Wells said in Thursday evening 's statement . "  We all need to reflect on how we as a community can come together in Rehtaeh 's memory and see what we can do to work together to support our youth . " When evidence goes viral Parsons ' mother told CNN affiliate CBC on Thursday that she felt "  better " now that arrests have been made . Leah Parsons said she learned of the arrests when police came to her house to tell her . "  I felt a little bit of relief , just to say , finally -- like I hope -- they keep saying they want to tell their side of the story , but they have never given a statement . The police have never spoken to them in all this time . So at least , here is your chance . Tell your side of the story , " she said . News of the arrests came one day after cybersafety legislation inspired by Parsons was implemented in Nova Scotia . Opinion : The dark side of social media The law allows victims , among other things , to sue their alleged cyberbullies . If a bully is a minor , the bully 's parents can be held liable . Officials said the timing of the arrests and the implementation of the legislation was merely a coincidence .	Police had reopened investigation ; two males now face charges 17-year-old Rehtaeh Parsons died three days after hanging herself Her family says she was raped and a photo was circulated
CNN  -- Those souped-up water ski machines are ideal vacation-time fun but they 've never been cheap . Thanks to British designer Ross Kemp , the world has been graced with a solar-powered watercraft that costs just a third of the price of your average powered water craft . Called ASAP , Kemp 's creation is part ski , part surfboard and part catamaran . Powered by the sun , it 's both free to run and fully sustainable . Read more : the smart streetlamp that will save energy Why ASAP ? ASAP stands for "  As Soon As Possible , " reflecting the vessel 's intended function as a rescue craft . Kemp dreamed up the idea while on a lifeguard training course , where he spotted a gap in the market for a more effective and more affordable water rescue vehicle . "  While doing my training , I found it incredibly hard to tow a body in the water and started looking at rescue equipment . I saw an opportunity to design something from scratch , " says Kemp . "  A lot of rescue aids are simply re-purposed leisure equipment , for example a paddle board is just a surf board , and a Jet Ski is just adapted for rescue purposes , so rescuers adapt the way they rescue people to the equipment rather than the equipment for them . " ASAP , however , has been designed with rescue missions in mind . Kemp spent months studying on-duty lifeguards to get an idea of how his concept could better assist the process . In his final year as a design student at Loughborough University he developed the first ASAP prototype in a tent in his back garden . Read more : The earthquake-proof table that offers reliable shelter So what makes it any good ? Whereas traditional skiers can be cumbersome to get going , ASAP is lightweight and can be jumped on and launched immediately by one person . It has a sloping center platform to slide the injured onto quickly , getting them buoyant as soon as possible and its V-shaped catamaran hull means it cuts through waves to avoid slapping , making it much safer for towing a casualty . Kemp 's creation is timely . According to the World Health Organization  WHO  drowning is the third leading cause of accidental death around the world , yet with rising fuel prices petrol skiers are becoming an increasingly unfeasible option for local and charity run rescue stations . At the moment ASAP can travel up to 15mph , but it 's still under development : "  It 's not going to have the super power of a Jet Ski but it will certainly take the lifeguard to the casualty much quicker than swimming . We 're working on making the propulsion much stronger , " says Kemp . CNN Blueprint set Kemp up with industrial design kingpin and mentor Ross Lovegrove , who loved the product but suggested he insert solar-powered lights so that ASAP glows as it goes . Although only at its second prototype , ASAP has already won an award for Best Startup Business in the UK Lloyds TSB Enterprise Awards and Kemp is thinking about how to expand : "  I 'd love to be able to offer solar charging stations to local councils so they can charge their watercrafts whenever they need to . " And the good news is that soon he hopes to introduce his solar-powered watercraft to the leisure market , which means we wo n't need to undergo any grueling training or save any lives to give it a whirl .	ASAP is a solar-powered watercraft which combines skis , surfboard and catamaran It is fully sustainable and free to run and costs about one-third the price of a traditional water skier British designer Ross Kemp developed ASAP to assist lifeguards on rescue missions
New York  CNN  -- For one New Yorker , the journey to the Pearly Gates involved a detour to the city 's car pound . On Monday , the New York City Police Department towed an illegally parked van carrying a body . The van , parked outside Redden 's Funeral Home on West 14th Street , was to transport the body to Newark for a flight . Calls and e-mails Friday about the towing to funeral director Paul DeNigris yielded no response . But according to the New York Daily News , DeNigris said he went inside the funeral home to get paperwork and answer a phone call . When he returned , the van was gone -- along with the body that was in a white cardboard box , the newspaper said . "  I was just a wreck , " he told the newspaper . "  I was frantic . When something like that happens , you go into panic mode . " DeNigris recovered the van about 90 minutes later , stuck in vehicular purgatory -- the city 's pound . The police waived the towing fee , $ 185 , to expedite the vehicle 's release , said Paul Browne , deputy commissioner of public information for the police . Police described the van as an unmarked 2002 Dodge with tinted windows . The first ticket was issued at 9:22 a.m. Three hours later , it was towed , police officials said . Browne said DeNigris should ask himself why he left a body unattended in an unmarked van , parked illegally for nearly three hours . "  What if the van had had been stolen instead of towed ? " he asked in an e-mail to CNN . "  Should n't he or someone from the funeral home staff have stayed with the body ? " Randy McCullough , deputy director of the New York State Funeral Directors Association , said the state has no rule in place that requires signage to indicate a funeral van . Hearses may be synonymous with funerals , but minivans and sport utility vehicles often transport bodies , too , said Jessica A. Koth , public relations manager for the National Funeral Directors Association . She called the situation in New York "  exceedingly rare . "	Van parked illegally outside funeral home for three hours , police say Funeral director tells newspaper he left to get paperwork , make phone call Body was to be transported to Newark for an airplane flight
CNN  -- Friday marks the debut of the Tech Check podcast from CNN.com . The weekly podcast offers a roundup of the week 's technology news , with members of CNN.com 's tech team working to make sense of , and sometimes make light of , the top stories from the digital world . The breezy , quick-hitting podcast uses a roundtable format to break down the latest from Apple , Google , Facebook and other technology-related newsmakers , with a focus on consumer news . Topics regularly covered by the Tech Check team include social networking , technology innovation , mobile phones and other gadgets , video gaming and the internet at large . Features include a User Comment of the Week , culled from reader comments on the website or to the @cnntech Twitter feed , and the Tech Fail of the Week , which pokes fun at a tech company or player that missed the mark . Tech Check will be hosted most weeks by producer and writer Doug Gross , with a rotating cast of characters that include writer John D. Sutter , associate producer and tech-section contributor Stephanie Goldberg , tech section producer Brandon Griggs and writer Mark Milian , checking in from CNN 's San Francisco bureau . The podcast will be streamed every Friday morning on CNN.com / TECH , in an RSS feed and on CNN.com 's podcast page , and be available on iTunes for free download .	CNN 's Tech Check podcast debuts Weekly podcast offers roundtable discussion of the top technology stories Podcast is posted Fridays on CNN.com / TECH and available free on iTunes
CNN  -- It 's not the first time John Daly has had to ask for help -- but it must be one of the most embarrassing . Twice a champion of golf 's biggest tournaments , the reformed alcoholic -- who has also battled gambling and weight problems -- is seeking advice after the worst round of his professional career . The 47-year-old carded 19-over-par 90 in Friday 's second round of the PGA Tour 's Valspar Championship , including an octuple-bogey 12 at the 16th hole of the Copperhead course at Innisbrook resort in Florida . Whereas the younger Daly , known as "  Wild Thing " among other nicknames , might 've stormed off without a word , or broke a club or two , this time the veteran American was happy to explain his woes . "  When you 've got the yips , it 's no fun , " he said , referring to the 37 putts he needed over the 18 holes . He three-putted three times , and needed four at the fourth hole . "  When you play a putt to go left-to-right and push it three feet right , you look like an idiot . "  When I shorten my stroke , I get quick and miss it left . When I try to do my normal long stroke , I come up and push it . I 've never had that problem before . " However , it was not just the short game that let "  Long John " Daly down . Known for his "  grip it and rip it " approach , he hit three balls into the pond at the 16th , and then shanked a seven-iron "  dead right . " "  It was just one of those days when nothing went right , " said Daly , who eclipsed his previous worst round of 89 at the 2008 British Open . "  You hit it in the bunker , it buries . Hit it in the fairway , you 're in a divot . I even hit it in a divot in a bunker . " Daly also defended himself on Twitter , where he has 368,000 followers , after one tweet that showed a screenshot of his scorecard claimed he was "  way too drunk . " "  Have n't drank in six years , be nice , " he responded . Daly won the 1991 PGA Championship in his debut season on the main U.S. circuit , and followed that up with his second major success at the 1995 British Open . However , his off-course problems were reflected in his declining playing fortunes and these days he has to rely on sponsor exemptions to enter PGA Tour events . He has not played at the Masters since 2006 , but is often seen selling his merchandise outside the hallowed Augusta club . Daly is still a draw at overseas tournaments , but had trouble at the 2011 Australian Open when he walked off the course after hitting seven balls into water hazards . The PGA Tour 's website reported that Daly had been considering trying to get entry into a secondary tour event in Louisiana in two weeks , but will instead seek help with his putting "  yips . " "  I 've got to call somebody that 's had them , " he said .	Two-time major champion John Daly cards the worst round of his top-level golf career The 47-year-old signs for 19-over-par 90 at a PGA Tour event in Florida Daly says he needs help to cure his putting "  yips " after shooting 12 at one hole He also hit three balls into the pond at the 16th and then shanked an iron
CNN  -- Unbeknownst to her parents , Sydney Kirk tried a little medical experiment on herself when she was in the eighth grade . For a day or two , every so often , she stopped taking her drugs for her attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder . Sydney Kirk , right , took a medication vacation from her ADHD drugs unbeknownst to her mom , Julie . "  I told my parents I just forgot to take them , but really I was n't taking them on purpose , " says Sydney , who 's now 15 and about to start 10th grade at a private school in Olney , Maryland . "  I just did n't like how they made me feel . They made me shy and less talkative . I was n't myself . " Sydney says she felt so much better off the medication that she confessed her medication vacation to her parents and asked if she could stop taking the drugs -- drugs she 'd been on since third grade -- permanently . After consulting her doctor , her parents agreed , and while Sydney 's concentration suffered a bit and her grades did slip a little , she and her parents are happy with the results . "  She 's doing great , " says Sydney 's mother , Julie Kirk . "  We 've had to work on her study skills , but there 's no way she 'd go back to taking the drugs . " While doctors do n't endorse patients with ADHD taking themselves off drugs without consulting their physician , Kirk 's experience brings up a question often on the minds of parents : Does my child really need drugs for ADHD , and if so , is there a point when he or she should stop taking them ? According to 2006 statistics from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , some 4.5 million children and teens have ADHD . Watch more on questions to ask about ADHD medication " Dr. James Waxmonsky , an assistant professor of psychiatry and pediatrics at the University at Buffalo , State University of New York , says parents need to weigh in when doctors are making decisions about ADHD treatments . "  We 're very collaborative with patients and their families , " he says . Waxmonsky , a child psychiatrist , and other experts advise parents to ask these questions when considering whether drugs are the best approach for a child with ADHD . 1 . What can we do instead of , or in addition to , drugs ? Kirk says her daughter 's doctor never brought up alternatives to drugs for Sydney 's ADHD , which she describes as mild . "  We were never given the option of teaching her coping skills , " Kirk says . "  It was immediately , ` Let 's give her the drugs . ' " Once Sydney went off her ADHD drugs in eighth grade , her parents taught her study skills to help her concentrate better . "  Sometimes they take away my phone and my iPod to get rid of distractions , " Sydney says . "  I did n't like it at first . I fought them . I said , ` Why do n't you trust me ? ' But it really did help . " Waxmonsky says while some children clearly do better on ADHD drugs , others do n't need them . "  Drugs are viewed as the frontline treatment even though there are behavioral treatments that long-term are equally as effective , " he says . 2 . Is this free drug sample really the best drug for my child ? In a recent article , Consumer Reports warned parents against accepting free drug samples for ADHD . Because drug companies tend to give samples for only the most expensive drugs , once the samples run out , you 'll end up paying more than if your child had been prescribed a generic drug . Consumer Reports also has ratings on ADHD drugs . "  This is n't like taking an antibiotic for 10 days , " says Dr. John Santa , director of the Consumer Reports Health Ratings Center . "  Kids take these drugs for years , maybe even for a lifetime . " According to Consumer Reports , you could save $ 3,000 a year or more by choosing a generic drug . Waxmonsky says both brand-name and generic drugs can work well against ADHD , and that different drugs work better for different patients . Pharmaceutical companies say free samples can be helpful to patients . "  Free samples have helped improve the quality of life for millions of Americans , " says Ken Johnson , senior vice president of Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America , adding that free samples can help a doctor determine whether a particular drug works for a patient . 3 . What can we expect with this treatment ? Waxmonsky advises patients to get doctors to be very clear about what results to expect on any ADHD treatment . "  Some parents think medication will take care of everything -- will help their child get better grades and be more popular , " he says . "  But medication does n't take care of everything . You should ask your doctor , ` What do you expect to get better and what do you expect not to get better ? ' " If a parent or child ever feels like it is time for the child to stop taking medication , Waxmonsky and others recommend consulting the doctor to determine whether a medication vacation is a good idea . In this , timing is very important : "  You would n't want to go off these drugs during final exam week , " says Waxmonsky . Do you want your daughter to get the HPV vaccine ? Tell us what you 're thinking at empoweredpatient@cnn.com . CNN 's Jennifer Pifer Bixler and Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .	The CDC estimates 4.5 million children and teens have ADHD Expert : "  Drugs are viewed as the frontline treatment " Behavioral treatments can also be effective over the long run If patient decides to use medication , ask , "  What can we expect with this treatment ? "
Suffering in the grip of a brutal winter where temperatures have not risen above freezing in nearly a month , Ukraine has seen a wave of deaths related to the cold , and the country 's ambulance service is inundated with calls for help . On one recent night , emergency services raced through the streets of the capital , Kiev , in response to a call about a homeless man passed out in the freezing weather . The man got drunk and either fell asleep or dropped unconscious outside , putting him at risk of frostbite . Vladimir Poddubniy , a passerby , found him , brought him indoors and called for an ambulance . When paramedics arrived , they found the homeless man , who gave his name simply as Kostya , squatting drunk on the floor . His hand was so swollen , he could barely hold his cigarette . Poddubniy said the man was freezing to death , so he brought him inside . "  I felt sorry for him . But I also did n't want to find a body in the morning , " Poddubniy said . Paramedics determined Kostya needed emergency hospital care for frostbite , and helped the intoxicated man to his feet . Kostya was so drunk , he could barely walk down the stairs . iReport : Beauty and danger of Europe 's snow But in a country where the cold has claimed at least 112 lives in the past month -- 90 % of them alcohol-related , according to the government -- Kostya can consider himself lucky to be alive . About 3,000 people have been hospitalized because of the cold since January 27 , officials said . Temperatures remained well below the average Thursday , with the mercury falling to -24 degrees Celsius  -11.2 degrees Fahrenheit  in parts of Ukraine . Authorities there have set up an emergency hospital to deal with people suffering from cold-related conditions , and distributed 3,000 emergency relief tents across the country , they said . The tents are heated , and people with nowhere else to go can get hot food and drinks . Dr. Anatoliiy Vershigora , doctor-in-chief at an emergency help station in Kiev , said many of those suffering from frostbite and hypothermia and some of those who died were alcoholics -- but others had been drinking in the mistaken belief it would help keep them warm . Ukraine 's capital , Kiev , has more than 14,000 homeless people , among the most vulnerable to winter 's bitter chill , authorities said . "  It is an unfortunate fact that a lot of homeless people are alcoholic or dependent on other substances -- it may be why they are homeless in the first place , " said Joe Lowry , a spokesman for the International Red Cross in Europe . "  Alcohol creates the illusion of being warm , so it 's not surprising that people are drinking and not surprising that they pass out , " he said , adding that this is when hypothermia can occur . "  Our approach would be to try to get to these people before they have too much to drink , if we can find them and get them to safety . Obviously , a full belly or hot drinks is far , far better for you than vodka . " Red Cross volunteers have been working with authorities to help distribute warm clothing , boots , hot food and drinks in the Ukraine and elsewhere , Lowry said from Slovakia . But , he added , the people who are most in need of help are often hard to locate . "  These people are outside the normal safety nets , difficult to find , and do n't realize the great danger they are in . " Kiev marked its 25th consecutive day of below-freezing temperatures Thursday . It would normally expect a high of -2 degrees Celsius  28 degrees Fahrenheit  at this time of year , CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller said . And there is little respite in sight for those suffering in the unusual cold . Another surge of frigid air is pushing westward out of Russia into the rest of Europe for the end of the week , with Central and Eastern Europe catching the brunt of the coldest air . The cities of Bucharest , Belgrade and Sarajevo saw their coldest mornings so far this winter Thursday , with temperatures dipping to -24 degrees Celsius  -11.2 degrees Fahrenheit  in the Romanian and Serbian capitals and -19 degrees Celsius  -2.2 degrees Fahrenheit  in Sarajevo , the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina . The region can expect below freezing temperatures through the weekend , CNN meteorologist Mari Ramos said . Parts of the Danube River , one of the most important rivers in Europe for commerce , have nearly frozen over for the first time in 25 years , showing not only the intensity of the cold snap , but also its longevity . At least four countries have halted shipping along sections of the 1,700 mile-long waterway because of the risk of damage to vessels ' hulls , Ramos said , adding that the river is not only used for transport but for drinking water , irrigation and tourism . Areas along the Black Sea coast have also frozen over , she added . Western Europe can also expect more cold as the week ends , with snow forecast in many parts of England and Wales overnight Thursday to Friday . The sustained cold spell is putting a strain on power providers across the region . Germany announced Wednesday it would fall back on its energy reserves and restart several fossil-fuel power stations that have been dormant for some time . A combination of below freezing temperatures , insufficient yields from renewable energy sources , and interruptions to natural gas imports from Russia have aggravated a discrepancy in energy production left behind by Berlin 's decision last year to rid Germany of nuclear power . Germany decided to phase out all nuclear energy in the wake of the meltdown at Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant , triggered by an earthquake and tsunami . A spokeswoman from Germany 's Federal Network Agency , the government body responsible for the country 's electricity and gas infrastructure , said that when eight nuclear reactors were taken off line last year , the ability of Germany 's four network providers to compensate for unexpected interruptions in service was affected . The energy supply situation is especially tense in the south because that is where much of the country 's industry is concentrated , she added . The cold snap has raised questions over Europe 's reliance on Russia for gas as supplies sent via Ukraine have dipped below the expected levels . Ukrainian Energy Minister Yuri Boyko said electricity consumption in the country is historically high . But in an interview with CNN , he rejected suggestions that Ukraine has been siphoning off gas as it transits from Russia to Europe . Gazprom , Russia 's gas monopoly , has denied sending lower volumes of gas to Europe . At least 250 people have died across the region in the cold weather .	Severe cold is set to carry on through the weekend in many places , meterologists say Paramedics in Ukraine race to help a homeless man saved by a good Samaritan Doctor : Some victims of the cold are alcoholics , others drink in the mistaken belief it will keep them warm Ukraine 's emergencies minister says 9 out of 10 of the deaths have been alcohol-related
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The regional airline involved in a fatal February plane crash outside Buffalo , New York , contested a report Monday alleging the pilot did not have the training to handle the emergency that brought the plane down , and that he might have been fatigued on the night of the crash . Debris is cleared from the scene of Flight 3407 's crash near Buffalo , New York , in February . Continental Connection Flight 3407 , operated by regional carrier Colgan Air , plunged into a house in Clarence Center , New York , on the night of February 12 , killing all 49 on board as well as one man in the house . In a story Monday , The Wall Street Journal cited investigators as saying the crash resulted from pilot Marvin Renslow 's incorrect response to the plane 's precarious drop in speed : He overrode an emergency system known as a "  stick pusher , " which sends the plane into a dive so it can regain speed and avoid a stall . The Journal 's report said Colgan had not provided Renslow with hands-on flight-simulator training for a stick-pusher emergency . Colgan , in rebuttal , issued a statement saying Renslow had received classroom instruction for such an emergency . Watch a Colgan official respond to questions " The company also emphasized that the Federal Aviation Administration does not require pilots to receive a stick-pusher demonstration in a flight simulator . "  The FAA generally trains to standards of routine line operations . They do n't focus on the edges of the envelope , " stall recovery expert Doug Moss told CNN . Colgan further admitted that during his career , Renslow failed five "  check rides " -- occasional tests of pilot proficiency -- including two that Colgan said he did not disclose on his application with the airline . His most recent failed check ride occurred 16 months before the crash . "  In the cases while with Colgan , he received additional training and successfully passed the check rides , " the airline said . Colgan stressed that despite his performance on check rides , Renslow nonetheless ultimately passed his pilot exams and had "  all the training and experience to safely operate the Q400 , " the airplane involved in the crash . Colgan further insisted that pilot fatigue was not a factor in the crash , noting that Renslow had "  nearly 22 consecutive hours of time off before he reported for duty on the day of the accident . " In its statement , Colgan did not specifically address potential illness-related fatigue in 24-year-old co-pilot Rebecca Shaw , who , according to The Wall Street Journal report , said before takeoff that she probably should have called in sick . The National Transportation Safety Board begins a three-day hearing on the crash on Tuesday . Renslow 's history as well as pilot training broadly will be examined .	Continental Connection Flight 3407 crashed near Buffalo in February ; 50 people died Wall Street Journal report says pilot did n't have hands-on flight-simulator training Colgan Air says Marvin Renslow got FAA-required classroom instruction Colgan , operator of flight , also insists pilot fatigue was n't a factor in crash
CNN  -- The last few years when he has played at his home grand slam , the Australian Open , Lleyton Hewitt has been asked : When are you going to retire ? The former No. 1 has been hit hard by injuries in recent campaigns , undergoing multiple hip operations and another procedure to mend a foot , so it 's not the silliest question . Hewitt perennially replies that he still thinks he can compete with the best players in the world when healthy -- or close to it . The feisty baseliner proved it Sunday when he beat his fellow 32-year-old , Roger Federer , 6-1 4-6 6-3 to win the Brisbane International . It was Hewitt 's first title since downing Federer in Halle in 2010 and his first in Australia since Sydney nine years ago . The victory over the 17-time grand slam champion wo n't be enough to earn Hewitt a seeding at the Australian Open next week but once again he 'll be a player the favorites want to avoid in the early rounds . "  Playing the best players in the world and finals of tournaments , always it 's exciting , " 60th-ranked Hewitt told the ATP 's website . "  That 's why you still play the game . "  For me , it was motivation enough just to try to get the win out there and obviously win another title . "  It 's been a couple of years . So I was ready for the challenge today . " Federer , playing with a larger racket head this year in a bid to recapture old form , had n't been broken en route to the final and struck 20 aces in the semifinals against Jeremy Chardy . But two-time grand slam winner Hewitt , a fine returner , broke the Swiss three times in the first set . Federer appeared to have taken control of the affair when he broke at 4-4 in the second but Hewitt grabbed an early break in the third and saved all seven break points he faced . Federer fell to 18-9 against Hewitt and has lost two of their last three encounters . "  I did n't play great today , which is a bit unfortunate , " Federer said . "  But also Lleyton was the best player I played this week . "  He made it toughest on me . I have a clear idea what I need to work on , and I have a clear idea where my mind and body is at . " Both men will now spend the next week preparing for the year 's first major . "  I 'm very hungry and eager to attack the Australian Open , " said Federer . There was , however , a Swiss winner Sunday as Stanislas Wawrinka beat Frenchman Edouard Roger-Vasselin 7-5 6-2 in Chennai . Wawrinka , who made his debut at the year-end championships in November , captured a second title in the southern Indian city following his triumph in 2011 .	Lleyton Hewitt wins his first title in four years by defeating Roger Federer Hewitt became the first player to break Federer in Brisbane and triumphs in three sets Federer 's record against his fellow 32-year-old and grand slam champion fell to 18-9 But there was a Swiss winner in Chennai courtesy of Stanislas Wawrinka
CNN  -- Ancient footprints discovered in northern Kenya are believed to be the oldest sign that early humans had feet like ours . The footprints were found in two sedimentary layers , 1.5 million years old , near Ileret in the eastern African nation . The footprints were found in two sedimentary layers , 1.5 million years old , near Ileret in the eastern African nation . "  These rarest of impressions yielded information about soft tissue form and structure not normally accessible in fossilized bones . The Ileret footprints constitute the oldest evidence of an essentially modern human-like foot anatomy , " according to a team of anthropologists who detailed the discovery in the February 27 issue of the journal Science . The team , led by anthropologist Professor John W.K. Harris and an international group of colleagues , excavated the site between 2006 and 2008 . Harris , who teaches at Rutgers University and the State University of New Jersey , is a member of the Center for Human Evolutionary Studies and directs the Koobi Fora Field Project . The ongoing excavation project is run by Rutgers in collaboration with the National Museums of Kenya . Koobi Fora refers to a region around Koobi Fora Ridge , located on the eastern shore of Lake Turkana . The area has been a rich resource for excavations . According to the authors of the journal article , there were three footprint trails in the upper sediment layer . Five meters deeper , another sediment surface preserved one trail of two prints and a single , smaller print , likely from a child . "  In these specimens , the big toe is parallel to the other toes , unlike that of apes where it is separated in a grasping configuration useful in the trees . The footprints show a pronounced human-like arch and short toes , typically associated with an upright bipedal stance , " the scientists said . "  The size , spacing and depth of the impressions were the basis of estimates of weight , stride and gait , all found to be within the range of modern humans . " The size and other characteristics of the prints led the authors to conclude the prints belonged to the hominid Homo ergaster , or early Homo erectus . This is the first hominid to have had the same body proportions -- longer legs and shorter arms -- as modern Homo sapiens . Other hominid fossil footprints dating to 3.6 million years ago were discovered in 1978 by Mary Leakey at Laetoli , Tanzania . "  These are attributed to the less advanced Australopithecus afarensis , a possible ancestral hominid . The smaller , older Laetoli prints show indications of upright bipedal posture , but possess a shallower arch and a more ape-like , divergent big toe , " the authors said .	The footprints were found in two sedimentary layers that were 1.5 million years old A team excavated the site between 2006 and 2008 The prints show a big toe parallel to other toes , unlike that of apes Believed first hominid to have had same body proportions as modern Homo sapiens
LONDON , England  CNN  -- By its very nature , jatropha is divisive . The poisonous , deep-rooted shrub is traditionally used as hedging to protect food crops from hungry animals . Workers tend Jatropha plants at a D1 Oils farm in Hluthi district , Swaziland , July 19 , 2007 . Now it has a new purpose , and this time it 's dividing opinion . Some say it can help solve the world 's fuel crisis , others say there are too many uncertainties to call it a sure bet , while environmentalists have another set of reasons again for objecting to its large-scale production . Jatropha is native to Central America but in recent years the shrub has been propagated around the world by developers convinced of its potential as a source of oil . Seeds are being sown in India , China , Indonesia , the Philippines , Myanmar , Malaysia , Brazil and large swathes of Africa . Research firm New Energy Finance estimates that more than 720 thousand hectares of jatropha have been planted . By 2014 , it estimates that number to have risen three-fold to over 21 million hectares . There 's little argument that the seeds can be crushed to extract oil that , once refined , makes a high-quality biodiesel . The question is whether enough oil can be derived from large-scale plantations to make the product economically viable . In a research note released in early March , New Energy Finance said : "  While the positive claims on jatropha are plentiful , promises of high yields in sub-optimal conditions are as yet unproven . " "  Concrete figures on productivity and seed oil yields are at best limited and those that are available often contradict stated projections . This is especially the case in marginal conditions , where jatropha is supposed to prove its worth . " The believers Stanley Wootliff , the chairman of British-based jatropha producer Viridas , has little time for doubters . "  There are a lot of people out there who make pronouncements on all sorts of subjects based on gut feeling without knowing anything in depth about what they 're talking about , " he says . "  Anyone who was not positive about jatropha I would put under that category because they have n't done their research . " Viridas is doing its research . It has planted a small trial plantation in Brazil where it 's testing how much difference varying amounts of water and fertilizer make to the shrub 's yield . "  We already know it 's going to work . If you take wild jatropha seeds growing in the middle of anywhere , uncultivated , and crush them , you 'd get a yield of 1.8 tonnes per hectare and that is economically viable , " Wootliff says . "  What we 're saying is that 's the average yield , therefore one would expect the yields to improve . " Once the results are known at the end of the year , the group plans to go back to the market to raise more money for large-scale production . "  Brazil has 90 million hectares of unused land at this moment in time , " Wootliff says . "  Nothing 's growing on it . Historically it was forest -- they chopped it down . We 're coming back and reforesting it . " Seeds of hope It 's easy to see how the buzz has developed around jatropha as the next big thing in biofuel . Jatropha 's deep root system allows it to grow on marginal land . And , unlike traditional biofuel crops of soy , corn , canola and palm oil , it 's poisonous , rendering the argument of food versus fuel irrelevant . Fully grown crops can be five meters tall and because only the seeds are harvested jatropha qualifies for inclusion in reforestation projects . On paper it sounds ideal , but environmentalists have reservations about its large-scale production . "  Jatropha is at the moment being promoted as a wonder crop but that 's actually not true , " says Kenneth Richter , biofuels campaigner for Friends of the Earth . "  Jatropha can grow on relatively poor soils , but obviously it grows far better on good soils . What we see in reality , if you go to India and places in Africa , is that western companies are going in and buying up large amounts of land from the farmers . " He says the poisonous plant is being introduced to areas where it 's not native , threatening and , in some cases , killing local wildlife . And furthermore , he says , once it 's been planted , it 's there to stay . "  It 's particularly difficult to get rid of once you 've grown the plants ; it 's basically a weed in some countries . " Keeping the faith British-based jatropha producer D1 Oils is a pioneer of the industry . The business was founded by entrepreneur Karl Watkin and listed on London 's Alternative Investment Market in 2004 . On March 7 , the company warned that it was consulting its workforce about job losses , saying imports of heavily subsidized biodiesel from the U.S. had eroded margins to the point where it had no choice but to consider reducing costs . The company 's share price plummeted , prompting Karl Watkin 's resignation . He issued a scathing statement saying he 'd become "  increasingly frustrated " over "  the inability of the investment community , governments and NGOs to differentiate D1 's strategy from that of the suppliers of palm , soya and rapeseed whose biodiesel products have been well documented as being environmentally unsustainable . " Graham Prince , communications director of D1 Oils , says in some cases jatropha has been the victim of unsubstantiated hype . "  The key thing is that people need to be realistic about jatropha and its yields . " "  We 're at the first stage of commercialization of these crops , " he says , adding "  even at the first stage we 're seeing very promising yields . " While keen to put expectations in perspective , D1 Oils , in partnership with oil company BP , has announced plans to plant 50,000 hectares of so-called "  elite seed " this year , capable of producing 2.7 tonnes of oil per hectare . Harry Boyle , analyst at New Energy Finance says his team wo n't be convinced of the potential of jatropha until it sees firm figures on the table . ` It 's like what they say about Brazil -- it 's the country for the future and it always will be . People have been getting excited about jatropha for two or three years . " "  Until you see a one million hectare plantation producing regular amounts of jatropha crude year after year then it 's hard to see how quickly the jatropha industry will progress . " That could be some time away . Many of the seeds that were planted in the rush to gain first mover advantage in what producers say could be a very lucrative field are still years away from maturity . What is agreed right now is that there 's very little scientific information about large-scale production of jatropha oil . While analysts and cautious investors are content to wait for the plant to prove its worth , for producers and speculators there 's no time to waste . E-mail to a friend	Opinion divided over potential of Jatropha as an economically viable biofuel Hundreds of thousands of hectares planted around the world in recent years Very little scientific data exists about the potential yield of large plantations Poisonous shrub hailed as hardy alternative to biofuel based on food crops
A top Virginia politician lay in a Charlottesville hospital with multiple stab wounds Tuesday evening after what state police called a fight with his son , who appears to have killed himself shortly afterward . A cousin found state Sen. Creigh Deeds , the 2009 Democratic nominee for governor , walking down a road near his home Tuesday morning , bleeding from multiple stab wounds to his head and chest , state police reported . State troopers who came to Deeds ' home in Millboro , about 150 miles west of Richmond , then found 24-year-old Austin "  Gus " Deeds with a gunshot wound , Virginia State Police spokeswoman Corinne Geller said . The troopers were unable to save him . "  Based on the evidence we have , we are looking at this as an attempted murder and suicide , " Geller told reporters Tuesday afternoon . No one else was in the house at the time of the altercation , and investigators are not seeking any other suspects , she said . Deeds ' cousin called 911 and took the senator to a nearby farm , where a helicopter airlifted him to the University of Virginia Medical Center in Charlottesville , Geller said . His condition was upgraded from critical to fair Tuesday afternoon , spokeswoman Angela Taylor said . The senator was able to talk with investigators before he was flown to the hospital and afterward , Geller said . CNN affiliate WTVR : Deeds stabbed multiple times Deeds , 55 , is well known in Virginia political circles . A Democrat , he ran for attorney general in 2005 and for governor in 2009 , both times against Republican Bob McDonnell , who is now Virginia 's governor . Gus Deeds withdrew from The College of William & Mary last month after being enrolled off-and-on since 2007 , according to a statement from the school . The Richmond Times-Dispatch reported Tuesday that he had been given a mental health evaluation under an emergency custody order Monday but was released because no psychiatric bed could be located across a wide area of western Virginia , Dennis Cropper , executive director of the Rockbridge Area Community Services Board , told the newspaper . Geller said she was unable to comment on that report , citing medical privacy laws . "  Obviously , the motive and the absolute circumstances that led up to this altercation is still very much the focus of this investigation , " she said . In a statement issued to other news organizations later , Cropper said he could not comment on a specific case . But he said that if a patient is brought in under an emergency custody order , they can be held for four hours for an examination -- and if a doctor determines they need to be hospitalized , a bed has to be lined up within that period . "  In certain conditions , a two-hour extension is granted by a magistrate , but under no circumstances can a person be held beyond six hours involuntarily under an ECO  emergency custody order  , " Cropper said . "  We ask that the community respect the family 's privacy while they grieve the loss of their son and brother . " CNN affiliate WSLS : Updates on Deeds after stabbing Friend says family was trying to find help Cory Jessee , who attended high school and college with Gus Deeds , said it was common knowledge that the family was trying to get the senator 's son help . "  He took a semester off to help his dad in the campaign . Then he came back to school , and he was pretty happy to be back in school , " Jessee said . "  I did n't know the details of his illness , but he seemed on the right side of it . " Jessee also dismissed any suggestion that Gus Deeds had an alcohol problem despite reports that he had been arrested on a misdemeanor charge of underage alcohol possession in 2009 . "  There was a party at someone 's house . He was one of a dozen kids who got a citation for drinking , " Jessee said , adding the incident was "  blown out of proportion . " Democratic state Sen. Chap Petersen , who has known the Deeds family for more than 15 years , said Deeds "  had a lot of concerns about his son . " "  Just issues of dropping out of school and things of that nature , " Petersen said . Deeds had moved his son in with him in recent months . "  That was a conscious choice to help his son get back on his feet , to get some stability in his life . I just know that Creigh made a commitment to his son in that way , " Petersen said . " ... As shocking as these events are today , the pieces kind of come into place now that we know a little bit more about the history . " Virginia politicians react to stabbing McDonnell , the governor , called Tuesday 's events "  heartbreaking . " "  In this tough and sad time , our thoughts and prayers are with the Deeds family . The news from this morning is utterly heartbreaking , " he said . "  Creigh Deeds is an exceptional and committed public servant who has always done what he believes is best for Virginia and who gives his all to public service . He cares deeply about Virginia , and the people of Virginia care deeply for him . " And in a post on Twitter , Virginia Gov.-elect Terry McAuliffe -- who lost the Democratic nomination to Deeds in 2009 -- said he and his wife , Dorothy , "  are praying for the Deeds family at this difficult time . " Also via Twitter , U.S. Sen. Mark Warner called the report "  stunning news . " "  I am praying for @CreighDeeds and his family at this very , very difficult time , " he tweeted . CNN affiliate WWBT : He was stabbed Mental health : Warning signs parents ca n't ignore	The state senator had moved his son in with him recently , a friend says Creigh Deeds was stabbed in a fight with his son , who died of a gunshot wound "  We are looking at this as an attempted murder and suicide , " state police say Senator 's son had mental evaluation Monday , newspaper reports
CNN  -- Flooding and landslides from tropical depression Parma have killed 186 people in the Philippines , authorities said Saturday . Frightened San Manuel villagers flee after rumors spread that nearby San Roque dam is in danger of collapse . Another 93 people have been injured , according to Nalia Tabliago of the Philippines National Disaster Coordinating Council . Rescuers are searching for 40 people reported missing , Tabliago said . Tropical depression Parma , known locally as Pepeng , dumped as much as 36 inches of rain in some parts of the nation of islands last week , compounding misery in areas already flooded by an earlier storm , typhoon Ketsana On Friday , landslides blocked traffic along the Marchos Highway , Naguilian Road , Kennon Road and Ambuklao Road , cutting access to Baguio City , Benguet Province and Mountain Province , according to the Office of Civil Defense in Cordillera . Earlier reports from Rocky Baraan , provincial administrator of Pangasinan , said flooding had inundated 32 towns and two cities , Dagupan and Urdaneta . Some 35,000 people had fled to evacuation centers , the official Philippines News Agency reported , citing the Provincial Disaster Coordinating Council . The worst-hit areas included Bayambang , Alcala and Basista , the news agency reported . People clambered onto rooftops as floodwaters rose , calling and texting for help . Rescue trucks were hampered by floodwaters that reach the roofs of single-story houses , Baraan said . About 16 rubber rescue boats had been deployed . Since the rains started in central Luzon , three dams in the Pangasinan area have been releasing vast amounts of water -- up to 10 million cubic meters an hour at one dam , officials said . Journalist Lilibeth Frondoso and CNN 's Judy Kwon contributed to this report .	186 people dead in provinces , including Baguio City , Benguet and Mountain Floods were unleased by tropical depression Parma Report : Worst-hit areas in Pangasinan province are Bayambang , Alcala and Basista
One of the reported architects of the interrogation program blasted in a scathing Senate Intelligence Committee report has tough words for the authors . "  It 's a partisan pile of bull -- , " James Mitchell told CNN in an interview . Mitchell said he could not confirm or deny whether he was one of the key players referred to pseudonymously in the report -- citing a non-disclosure agreement he signed with the federal government . "  If they were truly interested in getting the truth out , they would release me from it , " said Mitchell , adding that he would be happy to talk . The report describes two psychologists who developed the interrogation program , and later had received $ 80 million from the government to run it despite the fact that neither had "  specialized knowledge of al-Qa ` ida , a background in counterterrorism , or any relevant cultural or linguistic expertise . " Related : Read the torture report Senate report : CIA misled public , White House , Congress on torture Several publications and a 2008 Senate report have connected Mitchell to the program , including a New York Times article Tuesday . "  The suggestion that the men and women of the CIA who put their lives on the line after 9/11 lied to the Senate , lied to the President and used bogus intelligence for some nefarious reason that 's unknown , " he said . "  People gave their lives to protect the American people . And the last thing the Democrats want to do as they leave office is to smear their memory . It 's despicable . " The comments reflect the political divide over combating terrorism that is resurfacing after the Senate 's report was released on Tuesday . The CIA -- and many Republicans -- are defending harsh interrogation tactics as vital to preventing terrorist attacks while most Democrats argue the programs violated American values . Mitchell said the report has a "  hindsight bias . " At the time , CIA officials "  were in a running gun battle with a group that they knew very little about and they did the best they could given the information that was available . " He seemed to defend interrogation techniques such as waterboarding and sleep deprivation . "  Nothing was done to those detainees that are n't done to our servicemen and women , and women , by our own training programs , " he said . "  I think it 's a national discussion . The administration and the people of the United States really have to ask themselves if whether in a situation like immediately after 9/11 they think it 's a good idea to let them lawyer up . "	Reported ` architect ' of CIA interrogation techniques slams torture report James Mitchell says CIA agents gave their lives for the American people
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal saw his incredible winning run at Monte Carlo ended last week but made no mistake Sunday in wrapping up his eighth Barcelona Open crown . Fellow Spaniard and fourth seed Nicolas Almagro was Nadal 's victim as he clinched his 39th career title on clay with a 6-4 6-3 victory . Almagro , beaten in his nine previous matches with Nadal , took an early lead with a double break in the first set , but could not hold his advantage . Nadal was as relentless as ever on his favorite surface and needed only one hour 32 minutes to complete victory . "  This has been an important week for me . To win here again is a great joy after everything I 've been through , " Nadal told the crowd after his victory . "  It was a fantastic match for me . " Since returning to the ATP Tour following a seven-month injury layoff , he has reached the final in all six of the tournaments he has entered and won four of them , the first man to reach that mark this season . His Barcelona triumph , making it 39 straight wins in the Catalan capital , has been added to titles in Sao Paulo , Acapulco and the hard courts at Indian Wells . World No. 1 Novak Djokovic denied Nadal a ninth straight title in Monte Carlo but sat out the Barcelona event . The pair are set to lock horns again at the Madrid Masters which starts next weekend as the build-up continues to next month 's French Open where Nadal will be defending his crown . In other ATP final action Sunday , Lukas Rosol , who stunned Nadal in the second round at Wimbledon last year , claimed his first career title in emotional fashion . The Czech beat Guillermo Garcia-Lopez 6-3 6-2 in the Bucharest final and dedicated his victory to his father , who sadly passed away 10 days ago .	Rafael Nadal wins Barcelona Open title Straights sets win over fellow Spaniard Nicolas Almagro in final Extends record to eight titles in Catalan city Lukas Rosol claims maiden ATP title in Bucharest
CNN  -- An era in American broadcast television will end Friday as the nation finishes its delayed transition to digital TV . Without a converter box , satellite service or cable hook-up , analog TVs will deliver only static now . By 12:01 a.m. Saturday , broadcasters must have shut down their outdated analog transmitters , leaving static to watch for those who are not ready . Stations all over the country will be making the historic switch all day Friday , Federal Communications Commission officials said . American TV viewers were given four extra months to get ready for the switch , when Congress voted early this year to delay the digital TV transition . At that time , an estimated 6.5 million homes -- including many elderly , poor and disabled Americans -- were n't prepared for a February 17 switch to digital , supporters argued . "  In any change this big , there are going to be disruptions , " said Michael Copps , the Federal Communications Commission acting chairman . "  We are trying our best to provide people , especially those who are most at-risk , with the help they need to make the switch as smoothly as possible . And we 're going to keep offering it after June 12 , so people should call us at 1-888-CALL-FCC . " People who pay for cable or satellite TV service are unaffected by the change . Republicans opposed the delay , saying the government had given people years to prepare . The end of analog television frees up that part of the broadcast spectrum for other uses . The federal government raked in $ 20 billion in auctions by selling licenses for the frequencies vacated by local television stations for other commercial uses . Some of the frequencies also have been reserved for emergency agencies to use for communications . Stations have been broadcasting in digital and analog for the past several years , but the switch puts an end to the transition and a form of broadcasting that 's existed since the first regularly scheduled television service began in the United States in 1928 .	By 12:01 a.m. Saturday , broadcasters must have shut down outdated transmitters Congress voted early this year to delay the digital TV transition by four months Have n't converted yet ? Call 1-888-CALL-FCC for help End of analog frees up that part of the broadcast spectrum for other uses
CNN  -- Newtown , Connecticut , officials met with the media on Monday to ask them to respect the town 's privacy Saturday , the one-year anniversary of the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School where a gunman killed 20 students and six staff members before killing himself . Earlier that morning , Adam Lanza shot and killed his mother . "  The community needs time to be alone and to reflect on our past year in a personal ways without a camera or a microphone , " First Selectman Pat Llodra said . "  There 's an emotional and economic toll that we pay when the media descends on us , so we ask for your forbearance after today and respectfully request that you allow us a time of peace and quiet . " Sirens and news trucks remind residents of that awful day nearly a year ago , Llodra told reporters . "  We do n't need to be reminded . We do n't need to re-live it , " Llodra continued . "  We were hurt very badly last year as you all know ... We carry it with us , so we are trying to say to the world , ` please give us the chance to grow into that really happy healthy place that loves children and families , that has great schools . ' We know who we are , but we need you to help us get there by please staying away . " Newtown Police Chief Mike Kehoe said that there will be extra law enforcement personnel in town over the weekend , but officials want to maintain a sense of normalcy for residents . CNN will honor these requests and will not be in Newtown on the anniversary . "  Newtown is cracked . We 've been through a devastating experience , and yet in the midst of those cracks , in the midst of that brokenness , you are seeing light of all kinds showing through the kindnesses from friends and neighbors , families doing amazing things , remembering and celebrating the gift lives that were lost to them , " said the Rev. Matt Crebbin , senior minister for the Newtown Congregational Church and coordinator of the Newtown Interfaith Clergy Association . Also Monday , families of the victims of the shooting announced the launch of a website , MySandyHookFamily.org "  In the midst of our grief , we have come to realize that we want our loved ones to be remembered for the lives they lived and how they touched our hearts . We have been uplifted by the support of so many people and we would like to keep that spirit of unity and love alive in all we do to remember those we so dearly miss . It is with this in mind that we have created the MySandyHookFamily.org website , " Krista Rekos , whose daughter Jessica was among the victims at Sandy Hook , said at a news conference attended by many of the victims ' families . JoAnn Bacon , mother of Charlotte Bacon , added : "  This website is intended to serve as a singular place of sharing , communication , and contact with the families of those who lost their lives that day . MySandyHookFamily.org allows us , the 26 families , the opportunity to honor our loved ones in a way that feels right to each individual family . " CNN 's Yon Pomrenze and Elizabeth Landers contributed to this report .	Newtown officials ask media to avoid town on anniversary of Sandy Hook shooting Sirens , news trucks remind residents of massacre that killed 26 at school , officials say Victims ' families launch new website to honor loved ones lost in 2012 shooting
CNN  -- In something of a surprise move , Apple began selling its new iPad Mini on Tuesday . The small tablet , with a speedier processor and the same high-definition "  retina display " as its bigger cousins , is available from Apple 's online store and from wireless partners AT&T , Sprint , T-Mobile and Verizon . It 's also being sold by selected third-party retailers such as Best Buy . Shoppers can not buy them yet from Apple retail stores , although they can be picked up at stores after being ordered online . An Apple spokeswoman declined to say when they might become available for in-store purchases . The new Mini 's release comes three weeks after Apple introduced the device and 12 days after the new full-size iPad Air went on sale . Many analysts had expected Apple to release the iPad Mini later this month , with speculation focusing on November 22 . Apple tends to release new products on Fridays , giving them a full weekend to rack up sales while excitement is high . A product listing on Target 's website recently listed the release date for the iPad Mini as November 21 , although that date has since been removed . Supplies of the device appear to be limited at first , which may explain why Apple is not selling the new Mini in its stores . As of late morning Tuesday , Apple 's online store was listing shipping delays of one to three business days for 16GB and 32GB models and five to 10 business days for models with higher amounts of storage . Early reports also have said Apple is facing a shortage of the Mini 's new , high-definition display screens . The new Pad Mini has a 7.9-inch display  compared to 9.7 inches for the full-size iPad  and comes in two colors : silver or space gray . Prices range from $ 399 for a Wi-Fi-only , 16GB model to $ 829 for a 128GB model with cellular connectivity .	Apple began selling its new iPad Mini on Tuesday , but not in its stores The small tablet can be picked up at stores after being ordered online Supplies may be limited ; Apple 's online store lists shipping delays
CNN  -- The leadership of San Francisco 's airport fired back Saturday at critics who had rallied around a commercial pilot who had posted videos online showing what he described as shortcomings in security . The series of videos featured scenes from inside the San Francisco International Airport  SFO  and were narrated by the pilot , who pointed out the contrast between the passengers , who were heavily scrutinized , and airport employees who just passed through a single door . The footage was posted , and later removed , from the popular video-sharing website YouTube . "  A recent YouTube video , posted by a U.S. airline pilot , presents false and misleading information on SFO 's security program , " the airport said in a statement . "  The video shows a door with a card swipe and suggests that access is gained to the airfield area through this door . In fact , the door shown in the video provides access only to an employee lunchroom . " The pilot who posted the videos requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue . "  I was trying to bring up the obvious , ludicrous TSA-type of security , " he told CNN . The pilot said he did n't think much about posting his videos online in late November , but that within a matter of days his chief pilot called him to ask him to remove them because they were "  stirring a commotion . " In its statement Saturday , the airport defended its practices , stressing that there are variances in the security system based on various factors and that many layers of protection can not easily be seen . "  Proper and effective security requires multiple layers of systems , procedures and policies that are interlaced and constantly monitored , " the airport said . "  The vast majority of the widespread layers of this security program are behind the scenes and transparent to casual observers . " A few days after the pilot posted the videos , he said , the Transportation Security Administration told him he was being suspended from the Federal Flight Deck Officer program . As an officer in that program , the federal agency had deputized him , among others , to carry a handgun in the cockpit . The pilot said four air marshals and two local deputies then showed up at his home near Sacramento to personally confiscate his weapon . The only answer he could get from the security agency as to why he was suspended from the program was that he may have violated a regulation , the pilot said . The TSA said that it holds those serving as federal flight deck officers to "  the highest ethical standards , " and said it took action because the pilot was in the program . "  Participants in the flight deck officer program  must be able to maintain sensitive security information , " said the agency 's spokeswoman Sarah Horowitz . "  As the issuing authority of credentials and firearms , TSA reviews each possible violation of those standards and acts accordingly up to and including removing an individual from the assigned role . " In the aftermath of the incident , the pilot said he resigned from the program . He added that he did n't consider that divulging such sensitive information online would stir controversy . "  I did n't think anything would come of it , " said the 50-year-old pilot , a veteran who was a maintenance test pilot . "  This is really about getting the message out and demanding intelligent security , " Don Werno , the pilot 's attorney , told CNN . "  No state secrets are being shown here . What 's being shown here is a lack of security . " But the airport disagrees . "  San Francisco International Airport is proud to both an innovator and a trendsetter in aviation security , " it said in its statement . "  SFO meets , and in many cases , exceeds every federal security requirement . "	Online videos show what a pilot claims was lax security at the San Francisco airport The airport says the videos present "  false and misleading information " It says it meets or exceeds every federal security requirement The TSA has suspended the pilot from the Federal Flight Deck Officer program
Monterrey , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican authorities have arrested a former soccer star whom they accuse of using his social status to help a kidnapping gang track down information about potential victims , officials said . Omar Ortiz , known as "  The Cat , " played for the Rayados de Monterrey before the Mexican Football League suspended him in April 2010 after he allegedly tested positive for steroid use . A security spokesman in Nuevo Leon state said Saturday that the former goalkeeper had been working with a kidnapping gang for more than a year . The gang was responsible for at least 20 kidnappings , spokesman Jorge Domene told reporters , including the abduction and release of pop singer Gloria Trevi 's husband . Trevi has not spoken publicly about the alleged kidnapping , which was widely reported in Mexican media . In addition to Ortiz , authorities presented three other alleged members of the gang to the media Saturday , but said seven other suspects remained at large . The gang allegedly worked in the area south of the industrial city of Monterrey , kidnapping merchants and charging ransoms of around 1 million pesos  $ 72,600  to free them . Authorities said the gang was connected with Mexico 's Gulf Cartel . Journalists Javier Estrada and Victor Badillo , and CNN 's Joseph Netto and Michael Roa contributed to this report .	Goalkeeper Omar Ortiz is accused of working with a kidnapping gang for over a year Ortiz , known as "  The Cat , " helped the gang find details about victims , authorities say The gang was responsible for at least 20 kidnappings , a spokesman says
CNN  -- It can happen to anybody -- forgetting your glasses are on the top of your head , or not remembering a loved one 's birthday after celebrating it for decades . Most of us simply laugh off these short memory lapses . But for a former professional football player , memory lapses can be a scary thing . They can be a sign of chronic traumatic encephalopathy , or CTE , a disease that has been found in the brains of many athletes who suffered repeated hits to the head during their career . Quarterback Brett Favre played 321 straight games in the National Football League before retiring . He recently told Sports Talk 570 in Washington that he ca n't remember his daughter participating in youth soccer one summer , even though she played several games . That , and other memory lapses , have worried him . "  For the first time in 44 years , that put a little fear in me , " he said . "  God only knows the toll . " Favre discusses impact concussions have had on his life The only way to diagnose CTE is after death -- by analyzing brain tissue and finding microscopic clumps of an abnormal protein called tau . Tau has been found in the brains of dozens of former NFL players , including Junior Seau , Dave Duerson , Terry Long and Shane Dronett , who all committed suicide . It was also found in the brain of Mike Webster , who died in 2002 . Scientists are working to identify some common symptoms of the brain disease in living players . Experts say athletes with CTE often struggle with memory and decision-making . Some exhibit mood and behavior problems such as depression and hopelessness , or violent , explosive behavior . A few show no symptoms at all . "  There is no specific order of changes in CTE ; it 's on a case-by-case basis , " Robert Stern , co-founder of the Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy , told CNN . "  It could be that some people have more initial changes to  brain  areas that are more responsible for mood and aggression and impulse control . " In August , thousands of former football players and their families reached a settlement with the NFL in a lawsuit that put concussions , and their impact on the brain , under the microscope . The deal called for the NFL to pay $ 765 million to fund medical exams , concussion-related compensation , medical research for retired NFL players and their families , and litigation expenses , according to a court document filed in U.S. District Court in Philadelphia . "  My hope is that any players or ex-players that are suffering , or begin to suffer , from symptoms of dementia , will be taken care of in a respectable manner through this settlement , " said Chris Dronett , one of the plaintiffs , whose husband Shane Dronett committed suicide in 2009 at age 38 . Scientists found evidence of CTE in Shane 's brain after his death . At the heart of the lawsuit was plaintiffs ' allegations that the NFL led a deliberate misinformation campaign -- primarily through its Mild Traumatic Brain Injury Committee -- to deny scientific data being presented in the medical community about concussion risks . The suit alleged that misinformation , which included studies by the committee suggesting no correlation between concussions and long-term brain damage , trickled down to players so that they did not realize the true risks they were taking while playing . The NFL did n't comment about the settlement , but a league spokesman previously said , "  Any allegation that the league sought to mislead players has no merit ... and stands in contrast to actions it took to better protect players . " In recent years , the NFL has attempted to strengthen rules that govern player conduct on the field and added sideline medical staff -- unaffiliated with the teams -- in an effort to evaluate more independently injured players . What is most important , said Jamal Anderson , a former player and plaintiff , "  is to bring attention to the plight of thousands of players and the importance of taking concussion and head trauma seriously . " Concussions result from blows to the head , such as when a player collides with another . "  In a football game , when someone takes a hard hit , the helmet does a pretty good job of protecting the skull from getting a skull fracture , " Dr. Sanjay Gupta , a neurosurgeon and CNN 's chief medical correspondent , told Bleacher Report . "  But what is really happening when someone is running down the field and ... they get hit -- the brain keeps moving inside the skull . " It 's not so much the hit , although that 's important , but the sudden acceleration and deceleration of the brain that causes the concussion , Gupta said . Confusion , nausea , headache and loss of consciousness are some of the immediate symptoms of concussions , but they can also have longer-lasting effects . Severe impacts to the head can lead to bleeding or permanent nerve damage . Research suggests repeated concussions can lead to CTE . High schools tackle football concussions CNN 's Elizabeth Landau , Nadia Kounang and Bleacher Report 's Mike Chiari contributed to this story .	Quarterback Brett Favre says memory lapses have worried him Lapses could be a sign of CTE , a brain disease that can only be diagnosed after death CTE was at the center of a recent settlement between NFL and thousands of players
CNN  -- Mathias Boe is smiling , like a lot of people do when he explains that badminton is his full-time job . Perhaps that mirth would evaporate if those people regularly had to face down a shuttlecock hurtling towards them at a speed of 185 miles per hour . Or if they came face-to-face with his most treasured possession -- an Olympic silver medal , won with doubles partner Carsten Mogensen at the 2012 Games in London . "  Badminton is very popular in Denmark but it 's seen as a hobby sport , " Boe told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  After the Olympics we are quite famous here and  people  still often ask us , ` Do you do this for a living ? ' "  Even though it 's popular , and everyone has played it once in their lifetime , they still see it as a hobby . " A closer inspection of the sport at the highest level should wipe away any lingering smirks . It can occasionally be hard to keep track of the relentless back and forth such is the breakneck speed at which the world 's best operate . Boe has been attuned to this intense wave of frequency since the age of eight , when badminton drew him in . "  Badminton is definitely faster than tennis , " Boe explained . "  You have strokes over 300 kph  185 mph  so it 's an extremely fast sport -- only tennis table is faster . You need to have your reflexes ready when you play because it goes very , very fast . "  The skills that are most important are speed -- even though the court looks small on television it is quite big -- and you need to be quick around the court , and you have to have a very good technique . "  As you can see we do n't have the biggest arms but we really have a big smash , a lot of us . I 'd say power and stamina are two very important things . " As is , of course , his relationship with his badminton buddy . Boe and Mogensen were first paired together in 2004 by a coach at the national training center and started a steady climb towards the world number one ranking , which they clinched in 2011 . The duo have won a tranche of titles , including the prestigious All England Championships crown in 2011 -- one Mogensen describes as the equivalent of winning Wimbledon -- but none bigger than their Olympic silver . Their success is a testament to their on-court chemistry , and their battle to maintain that level of hunger as they head towards the twilight of their careers . "  One of our things is that we 're strong mentally , " Boe explains . "  There are a lot of things going on between you and your opponent . "  It 's important to look your opponent in the eyes when it gets close in the games and also to believe in yourself that you can be good enough to win tournaments . "  There are a lot of very challenging parts of the game ; for me and Carsten it 's when we do n't have our best day , we need to struggle with ourselves . "  That 's extremely difficult because we can be our own biggest opponent ourselves if one of us does n't feel comfortable , or motivated . So for us now in our senior years we struggle with that , particularly after some of our bigger achievements . "  It created a bit of emptiness afterward and made some of the tournaments a little bit unimportant . That 's what we 're fighting with . " That motivation still burns bright enough to win titles though , as demonstrated by their recent victory at the London Grand Prix held at the Olympic Park . They are still formidable opponents for anyone on the 13-event global Super Series run by the sport 's governing body , the Badminton World Federation . But given they dovetail so neatly on court , it is perhaps a surprise to hear their off-court characters are almost complete opposites . "  Me and Mathias , we are very different from each other , so I think that 's a good mix to play at a high level , " Mogensen explains . "  We have to talk a lot , find out what we are doing , what we need to practice , talk about feelings . "  I 'm very relaxed . Mathias , he wants everything in boxes , to know today , tomorrow , how we travel , and I 'm very relaxed so if we do n't practice that today , we 'll do it tomorrow . " Despite these differences , the pair are united by the feelings provoked within them prior to a big match -- a crackling tension that helps both Boe and Mogensen hit top gear on court . "  The feeling you have just before a match , I think you can compare it with going into an exam , you are a little bit tense , and a bit nervous , " Boe explained . "  But that 's also important , it 's the feeling you have when you 're about to do something that really matters to you . "  You are a little nervous , and you 're struggling a little bit breathing , and not that comfortable , but that 's important , because it means it matters what you 're about to do . " Then , when the winning point is sealed , Mogensen explains what a weight of pressure is lifted off their shoulders . "  It 's a huge feeling , when you win the last rally you go crazy , you think of all the tough hours during practice , these small moments are so crazy , you go crazy and celebrate and being very happy , " he said . "  It 's very difficult to describe , you need to go it on your own to understand how big it is for us to win a tournament or reach an Olympic final . "	Mathias Boe and Carsten Mogensen are a Danish badminton doubles pair They won silver at the London 2012 Olympics and have a string of titles to their name Boe still gets asked if he does badminton as a full-time job by people in Denmark Speed is vital to get around the court and return shots which can reach 185 mph
CNN  -- Police in Mexico City have detained three people in the mysterious disappearance of 12 people from a nightclub , the city 's attorney general said . And for the first time since the disappearance , Attorney General Rodolfo Rios confirmed there is evidence showing that the people who are missing had indeed been at the club . The names of the detainees -- one woman and two waiters from the Heavens After bar -- were not released . Officials said they are looking at the link between the woman and the waiters , but did not say what charges , if any , they might face . Before Tuesday 's announcement , the relatives of the missing people -- one of them only 16 years old -- insisted that they had been kidnapped from the after-hours bar in Mexico City 's Zona Rosa entertainment district . But police had said there was no proof that that the 12 had even been there . "  There is evidence that the majority of the youths arrived at Heaven in two vehicles , one private and a taxi , but it is unknown how they left , " Rios said . Still , he said , there is no evidence that an armed convoy snatched the group , as the families say . The attorney general also upped the number of missing to 12 from 11 , saying that another family had come forward . The top prosecutor met with the families of the missing to give them an update . "  We are not interested in who took them , we are not interested in any of that , whether they will be punished , or not punished does n't interest us , " said Carlos Ruiz , the father of one of the missing . "  Our interest is that they all return alive . " Not all of the 12 people said to be involved knew each other , but most of them hail from the Tepito neighborhood , a place known for its rough character . That alone has added spice to an already sensational story , leading to speculation that gangs could be involved . The young people were taken from the Heavens After nightclub on Sunday , May 26 , between 10 a.m. and noon , family members say . They were forced into a van and kidnapped , they claim . A center for missing persons in Mexico will distribute photos and information about the missing young people across the country . A mass kidnapping would be a significant development because even through the years of drug cartel violence , the capital was a relatively safe place . Recently , however , there is evidence that infighting between local criminal groups is on the rise . More than 26,000 people have gone missing in Mexico over the past six years as violence surged and the country 's government cracked down on drug cartels , according to Mexico 's Interior Ministry . Authorities do n't have data on how many of the disappearances were connected with organized crime .	Three people have been detained in connection with the disappearance of 12 people Police have not said why these three were detained The 12 young people were allegedly kidnapped from a bar in Mexico City
CNN  -- Dropbox , the popular cloud-storage service , is investigating whether a security breach is to blame for a recent wave of spam e-mail sent to users . The company is investigating internally and has brought in an outside team of experts "  to make sure we leave no stone unturned , " according to a post from an employee on the Dropbox forums . "  While we have n't had any reports of unauthorized activity on Dropbox accounts , we 've taken a number of precautionary steps and continue to work around the clock to make sure your information is safe , " the post says . On Monday , users of the forums had begun complaining about receiving a flood of spam in their e-mail . Some of them said the e-mail address impacted is one they have only used to create their Dropbox account . Many of the users who complained are from Europe and at least some of the spam messages are scams masquerading as messages from European gambling sites . Many users also had wondered whether an hour-long outage Tuesday was related to the problem . But in the forum post , Dropbox said the outage "  was incidental and not caused by any external factor or third party . " It has been just over a year since a glitch briefly let people use any password they wanted to sign into any Dropbox user 's account . The company said that problem , which lasted for about four hours , was caused by errors in a code update . Dropbox has roughly 50 million users who , according to the site , upload a billion files to the service every 48 hours . The company has emerged as a leader in the emerging field of cloud , or Web-based storage . The cloud is designed to save hard-drive storage space for users by instead letting them store and retrieve documents to multiple devices from remote Web servers . That kind of remote storage is being viewed as the future of computing by companies like Apple , Google and Amazon , all of whom offer cloud-storage features . But it has raised the obvious concerns among some security analysts , who say remotely stored info could become a tempting target for hackers .	Dropbox is investigating spam attacks on users File-storage company has brought in outside team to investigate Since Monday , mostly European users have reported spam There have been no reports of unauthorized activity on Dropbox
San Diego  CNN  -- This Christmas , enjoy the turkey and roast beef . But do yourself a favor , and skip the duck . This whole controversy over A&E 's hit show "  Duck Dynasty " is whacked . Better make that "  quacked . " First , the network puts Phil Robertson , the family patriarch , on indefinite suspension for making insensitive remarks in a magazine interview . Then , the rest of the family rallies around their leader and suggests that the hit show will not go on without him . As you probably know unless you 've spent the last couple of weeks crouching in a duck blind , Robertson -- in paraphrasing a Bible verse -- appeared to liken homosexuality to bestiality and used crude language to describe his own sexual preference . In speaking to GQ magazine , he also seemed to minimize the discrimination that African-Americans suffered in the South before the civil rights movement . Criticism of Robertson poured in , but so did support for one 's right to express oneself . The patriarch responded : "  I would never treat anyone with disrespect just because they are different than me . " In fact , Robertson claims he and his family are the ones who have been treated disrespectfully -- by the producers of the show , and the entertainment industry in general . In an interview two months ago with the Christian Post , Robertson said that television editors in Los Angeles "  with no moral compass " have routinely manipulated the show 's footage to intensify the language and make the family appear more profane and unruly than they really are . "  They inserted fake beeps like somebody had used profanity , but no one had used profanity . If you want that , you can get all of that you want , " Robertson continued . "  Just turn the station . There 's plenty of that ! And if we 're not using profanity , why make it look like we 're using profanity ? What is the point ? Why do n't you just run it and say what we say ? " Eventually , he said , producers gave in and "  quit doing that . " According to Robertson , the editors also took out the phrase "  in Jesus ' name " when the family prayed . It makes you wonder exactly how much reality is behind some of these reality shows . And now , it looks like the whole spectacle of Robertson being taken to the woodshed by the network could be part of the show . According to Entertainment Weekly , A&E will -- starting January 15 -- air new episodes of the show that will include scenes featuring Robertson . These new episodes were already in the can . Still , if A&E is sincere in its outrage over what Robertson said , then it should stop trying to profit from the show he helped make successful . Michael Feeney , senior vice president of corporate communications for A&E , told me that since filming is n't set to resume until the spring , the network has not yet had to make a decision on Robertson 's role . He said he could n't comment on the Christian Post interview . Despite the fact that an average of 14.6 million Americans tune in each week to track the adventures of the Robertson family when you count DVR recordings , I 've never understood the appeal . For me , the question is n't why Phil Robertson was suspended . The real mystery is why he and his family -- who run a successful business making supplies for duck hunters -- have a television show in the first place . I have a theory . Here is what you need to keep in mind as you waddle through this controversy : The reason that "  Duck Dynasty " is on television is to make liberal studio executives at A&E , and parent company Disney feel superior , while making big profits for the studio . The Robertsons are on television so that people in New York and Los Angeles -- the kind of folks who refer to anyplace in between as "  flyover country " -- can feel progressive and enlightened by comparing themselves to simple country folks in Louisiana who , according to the elites , are neither .  And can make lots of money doing so . "  Duck Dynasty ' is this era 's ode to "  Amos 'n' Andy . " In that show -- which aired on radio and television from the 1920s through the 1960s and which was created , written and produced by white people -- Americans were given the opportunity to laugh at African-Americans , adding insult to the injury that this group of citizens was already sustaining before the civil rights movement . Now , Americans have a new group to laugh at -- a self-described "  bunch of rednecks from Louisiana . " Here 's the irony . This show is successful at least in part because the characters say things that many Americans consider colorful and crude . It makes them interesting . That 's the schtick of the Robertson clan . Now Phil Robertson is in hot water for staying in character and saying something colorful and crude . That is , Robertson was suspended for doing in print what he has , for the last four years , been paid to do on television . That 's awfully hypocritical of A&E . The network is embarrassed and would surely like to distance itself from the Robertson family . However , it seems , it would like to stay acquainted with the millions of dollars the show generates each year . The network should be embarrassed . Not by what Robertson said ; it could n't control that . It should be embarrassed about what it could control : the way it responded and the mess it made of this situation . In discussing this story , commentators have been talking a lot about rights . Robertson had the right to express his opinion . The network that has chosen to co-mingle its brand with the Robertson brand had the right to suspend him . Viewers who support the family have the right to boycott the network . But with rights come responsibilities , and -- as far as A&E executives are concerned -- they include the responsibility to avoid the hypocrisy of continuing to profit from a persona they created that they now claim to find offensive . Now if you 'll excuse me , I think the "  Duck Dynasty " holiday marathon is well under way . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Phil Robertson 's role in future "  Duck Dynasty " shows unclear He says the network that airs the show is continuing to profit from it New episodes are to be aired in January , and there 's a holiday marathon Navarrette : Network gains from the Robertson persona , which it helped create
CNN  -- A second St. Paul , Minnesota , police officer was on leave Friday in the wake of an arrest video that showed an officer kicking a suspect who was lying on the ground . The officer who kicked the suspect , identified by police as Jesse Zilge , had been put on leave earlier in the week . The name of the second officer was not released ; police did not specify what role he played in the incident . An investigation continued into the Tuesday arrest of Eric Hightower , who police had been seeking for suspicion of making terroristic threats . The president of the St. Paul Police Federation , the union that represents Zilge , urged people not to rush to judgment . "  Once this process is complete , we believe the facts will show that a good cop was in a dangerous situation with a known dangerous individual , " Dave Titus said in a statement . "  The video footage captured by an onlooker does not provide complete context of the incident and by no means demonstrates how the officer perceived the threat at hand . " Hightower is already on the ground when the video made by a bystander begins . He can be heard shouting , "  What are you arresting me for ? " In an apparent response to something Zilge said , Hightower then asked , "  Assault on who ? Can you tell me what 's going on ? " A male voice on the video can be heard saying Hightower had been shot with pepper spray . Several other voices heckle the officer . At one point , Hightower begins to cough and the officer kicks him in the chest once . Zilge then handcuffs Hightower and , with the assistance of another officer , slams the suspect against the hood of a waiting police car . The video , posted on YouTube , is shot from across the street of where the arrest took place was . It is grainy and can be difficult at times to hear what the officer and suspect are saying . At one point , the officer tells onlookers to calm down . "  He beat up a woman last night , " Zilge said . Hightower responded : "  You lying , man ! I ai n't even been around here . " The video caught the attention of St. Paul Police Chief Tom Smith , who "  found that the video images raised questions about use of force and immediately ordered a thorough internal investigation into the circumstances surrounding all aspects of the arrest , from start to finish , " according to police . The two officers are on leave pending the outcome of that investigation . It was not immediately clear whether Zilge had retained an attorney . A listed number for the officer was not in working order . For his part , Hightower is accused of threatening his ex-girlfriend on about August 24-28 . Bail was set at $ 35,000 and , according to CNN affiliate KARE , Hightower bonded out of jail on Thursday . Specifically , he was charged with stalking , making terroristic threats and criminal damage of property . According to the complaint against him , which cites comments from his ex-girlfriend , Hightower strangled and threatened to kill her . KARE spoke to some of Hightower 's family members , who gathered outside a courthouse where Hightower made his first appearance Friday . "  Regardless of what he was getting charged with , I do n't think the actions were taken appropriately for somebody who 's not resisting , " Hightower 's cousin , Antoine Hightower , told the affiliate . A call seeking comment from Hightower 's attorney was not immediately returned Friday . CNN 's Nigel Walwyn and Calandra Corder contributed to this report .	Amateur video shows Officer Jesse Zilge kicking Eric Hightower in his chest Two officers are on leave pending results of an investigation St. Paul Police Federation urges people not to rush to judgment
CNN  -- There are happy songs -- and then there is "  Happy . " The bouncy tune by singer/composer/producer / rapper Pharrell Williams has occupied the No. 1 spot on the charts for more than a month . It 's spurred countless covers -- including one by Academy Award-winning actress Gwyneth Paltrow , reprising her guest star role in the 100th episode of "  Glee . " There is even a YouTube version of "  Happy " that has gone completely to the dogs . What is it about this song , which is so infectiously enjoyable that Meryl Streep had to shimmy to it when Williams performed at the Oscars ? Is it the catchy melody ? Is it the insistent nature of such lyrics as "  Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth " ? Is it that extra bounce you feel when the back up singers airily croon "  Because I 'm happppppyyyy " ? Or is it the joy of watching Williams and several other folks dance , bounce and lip-sync along with the song in the music video ? Yes . Simply put , the song is all those things , even as it has managed to seemingly capture the rush of happiness in its lyrics and melody . Not a bad trick for a tune that slowly grew from a single on last summer 's "  Despicable Me 2 " soundtrack to such popularity that Robert Morast , a writer for the Virginian-Pilot , recently entered into a debate of whether it should be considered for the official state song of Virginia . "  Pharrell 's hit track is a jolt of mood-lifting music , " wrote Morast , who was more partial to the Carter Family 's "  Can the Circle Be Unbroken . " "  And while it 's fine to be happy , the best art is crafted with a range of emotional perspectives . " Even with its slow build , "  Happy " caught ears from the beginning . Upon release it was quickly dubbed "  an instant contender for 2013 's Song of the Summer " by Rolling Stone . Since then , it 's topped the charts in more than a dozen countries besides the United States , including the United Kingdom , France , Germany and Poland . Violinist Lindsey Stirling , who 's worked with John Legend and mixes classically styled music with electronic dub-step beats , asks simply , how "  can you not love  ` Happy '  ? " "  I was with a friend , and when  ` Happy '  came on , her baby started kicking and trying to dance , " Stirling said . "  We were laughing hysterically and saying ` Even babies love this song . ' " She said she believes the reason "  Happy " is so beloved is because of its uplifting message . "  I get so excited when something this positive goes this big , " said Stirling , whose album "  Shatter Me " will be released at the end of April . "  It 's spreading good feelings and is n't at all controversial . It 's just something that is making people really happy . " Williams has partnered with the United Nations Foundation in celebration of Thursday 's International Day of Happiness , encouraging fans to donate to the organization and submit content to his 24Hoursof Happiness.com site . Visitors were asked to tag their submissions , be they dancing , singing or just "  being happy " with the #HappyDay . At noon Thursday , in each time zone around the world , Williams will highlight some of the best . "  Happy " is also one of the lead singles on Williams new album "  Girl , " which has already shot to No. 1 in almost 80 countries and on streaming music giant Spotify . The singer is overwhelmed by the goodwill . "  This is probably the most I 've ever been humbled in my entire life , " Williams told the Los Angeles Times about his song and the reaction to it . "  Because it 's something bigger than me , bigger than anything I 've ever done . " No doubt that makes him happy .	Fans across the world seem to be in love with the infectious "  Happy " The song has shot to No. 1 in more than a dozen countries Pharrell says he is overwhelmed by the reaction
Beijing  CNN  -- Vladimir Putin is seeking China 's support in Russia 's standoff with Western powers over Ukraine . In a rare phone conversation , Putin briefed his counterpart in Beijing , President Xi Jinping , on "  Russia 's position on the issue and measures Russia had taken to tackle the crisis , " the state-controlled Xinhua news agency reported Wednesday . President Xi said the situation in Ukraine is "  highly complicated and sensitive , " which "  seems to be accidental ,  but  has the elements of the inevitable . " He added that China believes Russia can "  push for the political settlement of the issue so as to safeguard regional and world peace and stability " and he "  supports proposals and mediation efforts of the international community that are conducive to the reduction of tension . " The Chinese leader 's comments followed similarly guarded statements by Chinese diplomats earlier this week , which neither criticized nor supported Moscow 's actions over Ukraine . Unsurprisingly , Russia has attempted to depict China 's position as more supportive than it actually is . In describing an earlier phone call between the foreign ministers of China and Russia , the foreign ministry in Moscow said Monday that there was "  a broad convergence of views between Russia and China in connection to the situation in Ukraine and around it . " READ MORE : Russia threatens Western assets In fact , China 's foreign ministry spokesman provided more nuanced statements . "  It is China 's longstanding position not to interfere in others ' internal affairs , " Qin Gang said in a regular press briefing over the weekend . "  We respect the independence , sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine . " Qin did not criticize Russia for sending troops into Ukrainian territory but he repeated China 's call for dialogue to resolve the standoff . Referring to the demonstrations in Ukraine 's capital last month that culminated in the removal of pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych , he said : "  We condemn the recent extreme and violent acts there and have been urging the relevant parties in Ukraine to resolve their internal disputes peacefully . " OPINION : Why Putin 's move is no surprise Asked if China recognized the new Ukrainian government , he replied : "  This requires a judgment to be made based on the laws of Ukraine . " Spokesman Qin 's equivocation shows the delicate balance China is trying to strike to maintain good relations with Russia without alienating itself completely from the United States and Europe . Russian bulwark To be sure , there is no love lost between China and Russia . At the height of the Cold War in the 1960s , China and the former Soviet Union -- the two largest Communist states in the world -- were bitter ideological enemies . At one point , Moscow reportedly deployed an estimated 500,000 troops along its border with China . As for Washington 's strategic partnership with China , it had been rooted largely in a shared enmity toward a common enemy -- the Soviet Union . Relations only started to thaw towards the end of the 1980s when Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev visited Beijing . But the collapse of communism in Eastern Europe , which led to the collapse of the Soviet empire itself , turned a new page in Sino-Russia relations with trade quickly replacing rhetoric . For more than two decades , Moscow has been Beijing 's major supplier of military equipment , some of which has been instrumental in the modernization of the People 's Liberation Army , while China also relies on Russia to satisfy its huge thirst for energy , and has been the main beneficiary of the Russian Eastern Siberia -- Pacific Ocean oil pipeline . READ MORE : Same crisis , different versions China also considers Russia to be a necessary bulwark against the U.S. and European Union influence around the world , often standing with Moscow on matters at the United Nations . "  In the past , China and Russia have often worked together to block international action  often led by the West  to address global crises , by claiming their respect for territorial integrity and sovereignty , " said Paul Haenle , director of the Carnegie-Tsinghua Center of Global Policy in Beijing , noting their recent veto of sanctions against the Syrian regime . "  In practice , this mutual cooperation is more closely related to Moscow and Beijing 's interests than their adherence to the principle of non-interference . China has supported Russia in its sphere of influence , such as in the Syrian crisis , expecting that Russia would support China 's interests in Asia , on issues such as North Korea . "  The blatant hypocrisies in Russia 's policies and actions have been evident this week as Russia invaded Ukraine while continuing to oppose further sanctions or action in Syria out of respect for Syria 's territorial integrity and sovereignty . " China 's balancing act Yet China seems likely to remain noncommittal over Ukraine . "  China may think its interests are better served by continuing to avoid taking a clear stance , hoping that it will be well positioned whatever the outcome , " said Haenle . "  But given China 's enhanced influence and power , the international community increasingly looks to China for a more principled approach and to take a leadership role to help resolve international crises , not simply position itself to be in the most advantageous situation when it is all said and done . " Other China watchers believe Beijing 's stance may be rooted in issues closer to home , noting that the country does not want to give the appearance of backing a separatist movement , given its own problems with ethnic tensions , primarily in the western regions of Tibet and Xinjiang . READ MORE : China 's restive far west "  China does not want to take a position that will haunt it domestically , " said a Chinese analyst who declined to be identified because he is not authorized to speak on the record on the topic . "  China has its own challenges concerning ethnic relations and even separatist groups . It has to take a cautious even-handed approach . " Ukraine interests China will also be considering its considerable interests in Ukraine too -- especially its economic ties with the now deposed government in Kiev . Bilateral trade last year reached $ 10 billion , making China Ukraine 's second largest trade partner , according to Xinhua . "  China has significant interest in Ukraine 's future stability , " added Haenle . "  China is an important trading partner of Ukraine 's and last December formed a strategic partnership with Ukraine , committing billions of dollars in investment in Ukraine 's infrastructure , aviation , energy , agriculture , and finance industries . China is also Ukraine 's military industry 's largest customer ; China bought its first aircraft carrier from Ukraine . " Shen Dingli , professor of International Relations at Shanghai 's Fudan University , believes a pragmatic China would be open to working with the fledgling administration in Kiev . "  If the current Ukraine government can hold on , " Shen explained , "  then China may work on its relations with the new Kiev government , as it is more important to keep its stakes , including economic and defense links , with the new regime . " Whichever way the Ukraine crisis turns , other analysts believe China could benefit from it . "  Ukraine will need China 's economic cooperation , whether it 's a friend of the EU and the U.S. , or of Russia , " said Wenfang Tang , of the University of Iowa . "  Meanwhile , facing greater pressure and potential sanctions from the West , Russia will be happy to strengthen its relationship with China . " Wang Andi in Beijing contributed to this report .	China 's president : Situation in Ukraine is "  highly complicated and sensitive " Russia has attempted to depict China 's support as more unequivocal than it actually is Beijing attempting to balance relationship with ally Russia as well as West Analyst : China also has strong strategic and commercial ties with Ukraine
CNN  -- British authorities said Tuesday they are conducting a criminal investigation into an American man charged in federal court with smuggling weapons into England . Steven Neal Greenoe is suspected of buying more than 60 firearms in North Carolina and transporting them to England on at least nine occasions , according to court documents . In September , a federal grand jury handed up a 43-count superseding indictment against him . He was arrested in July , when authorities found another 16 firearms in his baggage . TITAN , a task force in Britain 's North West region for serious and organized crimes , said in a statement Tuesday it was also investigating Greenoe . "  This is a complex investigation involving law enforcement agencies across the North West of England , " Detective Chief Superintendent Simon Leach , who heads the task force , said in the statement . "  We are working closely with our colleagues nationally and with partners in the United States . The availability of firearms poses a serious risk and our investigation will be continuing over the coming weeks and months . " After being brought into the country , allegedly by Greenoe , the firearms were then sold in Britain , court documents said . An undercover police officer bought three of them from two men for 10,500 pounds  about $ 16,500  . The Times of London reported Tuesday that British and U.S. authorities held crisis talks after Greenoe , 37 , was arrested . Some of the firearms are unaccounted for , the Times reported , and of those recovered , ballistics tests show one was used in a drive-by shooting in Manchester , England , in October . Britain 's Home Office said Tuesday it and the government continue "  to work very closely with international partners , including counterparts in the United States , on all matters relating to security . Measures to protect the public and tackle the threat posed by terrorism and international crime are constantly kept under review . " Greenoe always flew into Manchester 's airport , according to the complaint . Officials there told CNN that arriving passengers are not screened unless they are stopped by customs . The TSA on Tuesday declined comment on the case , citing pending litigation . Firearms are not prohibited from checked luggage , according to the TSA 's website . However , firearms must be declared to the airline , and the guns must be unloaded and in a hard-sided container . Firearms may not be taken out of the United States , according to the International Trade in Arms Regulations unless the person carrying them has registered with the State Department 's Office of Defense Trade Controls . On July 19 , as authorities were investigating Greenoe , the Immigration and Customs Enforcement attache in London told the agency that neither Greenoe nor his company , Jolie Rouge consultants , had been granted an export license from the office . Greenoe allegedly took the guns overseas by breaking them down into pieces and spreading the pieces over multiple bags in his checked luggage , according to a federal complaint filed in July . The TSA on Tuesday declined comment on the case , citing pending litigation . Greenoe 's defense attorney , Mark Edwards of Durham , North Carolina , declined comment to CNN on Tuesday . Edwards previously told the Times in the story published Tuesday that "  Steve 's a bright young man , very sociable , a bright guy , well read , well-educated , well-traveled . He 's been all over the world . He 's an interesting man to deal with and not my average client at all . " On May 3 , according to the complaint , Greenoe was interviewed at the Raleigh-Durham , North Carolina , airport by TSA officials after a screen of his luggage showed pieces of "  multiple firearms . " Greenoe told authorities that "  he was a salesman , and that he had just gone to the Raleigh gun show and that the guns were broken down and not in a working order , " the complaint said . After checking the serial numbers on the guns , the TSA allowed Greenoe to continue with his flight , according to the complaint . Authorities believe "  Greenoe was attempting to elude law enforcement and U.S. customs officials by stating that the items in his luggage were ... inert and non-working samples , " the complaint said . "  In fact , these items were fully functional firearms that had been disassembled and disguised to appear as anything but a functional firearm . " A native of New Orleans , Greenoe lived in Shrewsbury , about 70 miles southwest of Manchester , the Times reported . Confronted and questioned at the Raleigh airport on July 25 , Greenoe initially said they were non-working samples that belonged to Jolie Rouge , according to the complaint , but later told authorities that he bought the weapons "  as a means to provide high quality firearms to his employees while providing overseas maritime protection , " since he could not buy high quality weapons overseas . Charges against Greenoe include failing to notify a common carrier of arms shipment ; exporting firearms from the United States without a license ; smuggling firearms outside the United States ; and falsifying an ATF form . In a hearing in July , a federal magistrate declared Greenoe a flight risk and ordered him held . Greenoe waived his appearance on the superseding indictment after it was handed up , according to court records . Several motions in the case were filed under seal in November . Greenoe is currently being held in the Pitt County Detention Center in Greenville , North Carolina . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve and Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report .	Steven Greenoe is charged in a 43-count indictment Authorities allege he illegally brought at least 60 guns into Britain British authorities say they are also conducting a criminal investigation
London  CNN  -- Il Rottomatore -- or "  the demolition man " -- is how Italy 's incoming prime minister has come to be known , thanks in part to his pugnacious approach to politics . Matteo Renzi 's nickname hardly bodes well for drumming up support in one of the most fractious governing systems on the planet , one which has speared all but one of its governments since World War II . Then again , the 39-year-old 's backers say this football-fan Mayor of Florence is precisely the breath of fresh air needed in Rome 's stuffy halls of power . Neither an MP nor an elected premier , Renzi has managed to wrest control of the party 's leadership by promising to smash the gridlocked reform process and shift its axis to the center . How he thinks he will manage to garner more support than career politicians , like his predecessor Enrico Letta , is as yet unclear . What 's more : Renzi had initially vowed only to seek the top job through the ballot box and not a leadership contest , meaning some are skeptical about what he stands for . " What Renzi 's done is gutsy , " says Giuseppe Ragusa of the Luiss Guido Carli University in Rome . " But he is not going to have the public 's support ; he does n't have the votes from the electoral poll . So this is going to be a difficulty . Instead Ragusa says Italy is hoping that by virtue of his youth and dynamism Renzi will have the energy " to do something very quickly . " Something , being the optimal word . Italy has been crying out for a plausible , long-term economic agenda for years , leaving the country wholly unprepared for the economic slump of recent years . Often described as his country 's answer to Tony Blair , Renzi is good at talking the big picture , which is probably just as well because Italy 's problems are n't small . First there 's a two trillion-euro debt pile to shrink , record unemployment , crippling and antiquated labor laws not to mention stifling business and payroll taxes . Still , top of the list for Renzi , will be moves to create the kind of political stability where such measures can actually take hold . This means ploughing on with plans to reform the parliamentary system in a move which is likely to cost the country its upper house -- or senate -- in its current form . However , Renzi may be on a collision course with Brussels after suggesting the EU give his nation some leeway to breach its 3 % limit on the budget deficit in order to support a recent return to growth . Vincenzo Scarpetta of London-based think tank Open Europe says Renzi will have to prove himself on the international stage . " He is relatively little known compared to his two predecessors , " says Scarpetta . " So he will have to act quickly . " Yet if anything , Renzi is a long distance player . A marathon runner and keen sportsman , Renzi already has an eye on the distant horizon -- saying he wishes to see this term through until the next election in 2018 . Addressing reporters after being asked to form a government by Italy 's President -- as protocol dictates -- Renzi said it would likely take a few days to get his key people in place . " But I assure you , " he said , " I will give this commitment all the energy I have . " Commitment is something this former boy scout is known for and at less than half of the age of Silvio Berlusconi , Renzi certainly has energy . But he 'll need more than stamina to succeed . Above all , he must find support . READ MORE : Is Matteo Renzi ready to be Italy 's PM ? WATCH MORE : The future of Europe 's economy	Matteo Renzi is incoming PM of Italy , a country with a fractious governing system It 's not clear how the 39-year-old will garner more support than his predecessors The country has problems including its two trillion euro debt pile and high unemployment But Renzi has shown he is a long-distance player -- and has youth and stamina on his side
CNN  -- The remnants of Tropical Storm Erin turned central Oklahoma into a wash basin Sunday , with rescuers on helicopters plucking people from flood waters and rooftops and ferrying them to safety . A flood victim hangs precariously during a rescue flight Sunday . Two people died and at least two others were hurt , said Michelann Ooten , a spokesman for the state 's emergency operations center in Oklahoma City . A middle-aged man who had stopped to help another person wound up drowning in his vehicle near Kingfisher , Oklahoma , and an elderly woman in Fort Cobb , Oklahoma , who had sought protection in her storm cellar drowned there , Ooten said . The injuries occurred when either straight-line winds or a tornado destroyed a house in Watonga , she said . "  I 'm certain there are many more injured , " she said . "  This is all courtesy Erin , the new four-letter word , " she said . Officials were searching for three other people who had been traveling together near Carnegie , Oklahoma , and were reported missing , she said . In Kingfisher , Oklahoma , the storm dropped five to 11 inches of rain in a short period of time , causing Kingfisher Creek to rise 25 feet and overflow its banks , said Capt. Chris West of the Oklahoma Highway Patrol . "  It 's the highest it 's ever been , " West said . "  There 's about 200 to 300 people that are displaced out of their homes . " By 6 p.m. floodwaters in Kingfisher had begun to subside , but the storm system had not yet exited the state , Ooten said . Flood warnings were issued until midnight for parts of eastern Oklahoma , she said . The helicopter rescue operation got under way Sunday morning , after authorities got a call alerting them that a pickup truck containing two passengers had been swept from a bridge over Kingfisher Creek , West said . First , a helicopter dropped life vests to the couple , whose pickup truck was nearly obscured by the water . Soon afterward , their truck was simply swept away , and the pair were left to fend for themselves in the water until the rescue helicopter approached . First , a rescuer grabbed the woman and pulled her toward the skid on which he was positioned . For a few seconds , she held on as the helicopter rose , but lost her grip and fell back into the water . The helicopter circled back for a second effort , which this time proved successful . The drama from the town of about 14,000 residents 35 miles northwest of Oklahoma City unfolded live on national television . "  When the lady fell , I was kind of surprised , I hated to see that , " said West , who watched the rescue on television . "  We were able to get back around , get her picked up . " Like his partner , the man also fell , was picked up again and taken to safety . The rescue work then focused on removing people stranded atop the roofs of vehicles and buildings . Time and again , the pilots positioned their helicopters inches above choppy water as rescuers helped men and women grab the skids . Residents of nearby Apache , Oklahoma , faced similar floods , which caught most people off guard , said Lt. Bobby Claborne of the Apache Fire Department . "  We never thought we 'd have a tropical storm in our area , " he said . No evacuation plans were initiated until early Sunday , "  but it was a little late " by then , he said . For several hours , thousands of people were without power in El Reno , which had been inundated by more than six inches of rain in just a few hours . And some vehicles were trapped on Interstate 40 in western Oklahoma , said Capt. Ken Brown , the state police operations commander in El Reno . "  Two different semis were overcome by water and required fire rescue to get the drivers from their vehicles , " he said . Boats and other watercraft were enlisted in the rescue effort . West said the flooded areas have sustained extensive damage -- "  not only to homes and businesses and automobiles , but to these agricultural areas . " "  We have a lot of roadways that will be damaged from this , " he said . "  There 's going to be a lot of debris that floated in . And you know , road crews are going to have to get out and clear those . " Meanwhile , floods around the upper Midwest washed away roads and bridges , killing four people , The Associated Press reported . Floods killed two in Minnesota when their car drove off the road and they could not escape their vehicle . In Vernon County , Wisconsin , a mudslide was triggered by a foot of rain , the AP said . E-mail to a friend	Rains destroying homes and stranding people in Oklahoma Dramatic helicopter rescues caught on tape Officials were searching for three other people who are missing Erin is "  the new four-letter word " in Oklahoma , said emergency official
CNN  -- Gambia plans to execute all death row prisoners by September , the president said this week , sparking condemnation from human rights groups worldwide . The tiny West African nation last executed an inmate about 30 years ago . It is unclear what prompted the change in stance . By the end of last year , Gambia had 44 people on death row , including two women , according to human rights activists . Death row convicts will be executed by mid-September , President Yahya Jammeh said in a speech on state media Sunday that was rebroadcast Monday . "  All those guilty of serious crimes and are condemned will face the full force of the law , " he said . "  All punishments prescribed by law will be maintained in the country to ensure that criminals get what they deserve : that is , that those who kill are killed ... By the middle of next month , all the death sentences would have been carried out to the letter . " The nation imposes capital punishment for various crimes , including murder and treason , the latter commonly used to stifle dissent in some African nations . Previously on CNN.com : Death row inmate leads authorities to hundreds of bone fragments In 2010 , British human rights group Reprieve said Gambia had introduced the death penalty for those found with more than 250 grams of cocaine or heroin . It 's unclear whether the law still stands . Amnesty International , the French government and other rights groups condemned the execution order . "  President Jammeh 's comments are deeply troubling and will undoubtedly cause severe anguish to those on death row and their families , " said Audrey Gaughran , the Africa director for Amnesty . "  Any attempt to carry out this threat would be both deeply shocking and a major setback for human rights in Gambia . " International standards on fair trials are not followed in the country , according to Gaughran . "  Death sentences are known to be used as a tool against the political opposition , " she said . "  The number of grossly unfair trials is shocking and an especially serious concern in cases where the death penalty is handed down . " In 2009 , Jammeh made a similar threat to resume executions , but did not act on it , Amnesty said . Nonetheless , the new threat raises concern in the nation , the group said . The former British colony is surrounded by Senegal and has a population of 1.3 million . Jammeh took power in a military coup in 1994 , and was elected president two years later . The government represses political opposition groups , and the president has won all elections since he came to power . Most of the polls are tainted by allegations of fraud . Gambia 's human rights record has drawn steady criticism since his election , but the president has won supporters by building new hospitals , schools and other infrastructure . From the archives : Former death row chef offers to cook free meals for the condemned CNN 's Esprit Smith contributed to this report	All death row convicts will be executed by mid-September , president says The West African nation last executed an inmate about 30 years ago By the end of last year , it had 44 people on death row , rights group says
London  CNN  -- Villages cut off by floodwater , rail links severed and huge waves pounding coastlines . Powerful gales and torrential downpours battered southern Britain over the weekend in a fresh surge of extreme weather that has caused chaos across the country . And there is no letup yet . Britons face more misery , as forecasters are warning there will be little respite from hurricane-force winds and lashing rain that have seen hundreds of people forced from their homes . Britain has been hit by bad weather since early December , and swaths of southwestern England have been flooded in continuously stormy weather . "  We have another Atlantic storm bringing gales and heavy downpours to many parts of the UK this weekend , " Paul Gundersen , Met Office chief meteorologist , said in a written statement . "  Monday is expected to bring a brief respite from the stormy conditions before more strong winds and rain set in from the west on Tuesday . This will bring the continuing risk of flooding and damaging winds bringing down trees to cause disruption to travel and power networks . " Wettest January in 248 years England suffered the wettest January since 1766 , and there are hundreds of flood alerts in force for low-lying areas in southern and central England and Wales . Gusts of up to 80 miles per hour , heavy rain and massive waves make up the latest extreme weather coming from the Atlantic Ocean and driven , meteorologists say , by a long and powerful polar vortex . Hundreds of people have already been forced out of their homes . And with the ground heavily saturated , any more rain will increase the flood risk across the country . In Chertsey , Surrey , where the River Thames burst its banks , a 7-year-old boy died and 17 people were hospitalized after falling ill , police said Saturday . Police said the cause of illness was unknown but "  can not rule out that there may be a link to flooding in the local area . " Efforts were under way to build flood defenses in the area , where nearby homes were damaged and riverside benches and trees were submerged in the water . Soldiers and sandbags Prime Minister David Cameron is promising government help for regions that have literally been under water for weeks now . He visited flood-hit Somerset on Friday and will chair a meeting of the government 's emergency committee , known as Cobra , on Sunday to discuss the crisis . "  All Govt depts doing all they can to help those affected , " Cameron tweeted last week following a similar meeting . Storm waves have been beating rocks and spraying mist onto coastlines in seaside towns , where many shops have been closed . Military personnel have been sent out to some areas to deploy sandbags and improve flood defenses . On top of flooding , the weather has caused some areas to be cut off from power as well as rail links . In one area , Dawlish , high tides and stormy seas destroyed a sea wall , causing a significant stretch of railway to collapse into the sea . Nearby homes and a road were also damaged .	NEW : PM Cameron to hold emergency meeting on flood crisis Sunday A young boy dies and others are hospitalized in a flood-hit area England suffered the wettest January in 248 years Forecasters warn of more bad weather to come
CNN  -- Twitter users can now let any person , company or , presumably , drunken green monster send them private messages on the site . The feature appears to be rolling out gradually . Some users had the ability as of Tuesday , while others did n't . And it 's not automatic : Users will have to opt in to it to enable the new feature . Until now , people could send private messages on Twitter to people who follow them but not to others . The move comes as Twitter , which is wildly popular  it crossed the 200 million-user mark in March  but not yet profitable , prepares to offer its stock publicly . As word of the new feature rolled out , that had many users speculating , not always positively , about how companies could use the feature to spread the word about their products . "  Should be renamed ` Check this box if you would like 99 % more spam ! ' " wrote a commenter on a story from tech site The Verge . In addition to allowing brands to send personal messages , or receive them , the new feature could be used by media sites to send news alerts . Twitter has experimented with a service that would send links to news articles to users privately . Early observations Tuesday of the change , which Twitter has not acknowledged publicly , were focusing on the potential upsides and downsides . "  Enabling this option could potentially mean open season on your Twitter inbox , " wrote Darrell Etherington for TechCrunch , "  and that 's probably why it 's off by default -- but if dealing with a potential influx of spam is worth opening up a new channel of communication for you , then this is a welcome change indeed . "	Twitter is making direct messages open to people you do n't follow Users will have to opt in to the feature Some see broader communication , while others see spam
CNN  -- Ivory Coast says it will not transfer former first lady Simone Gbagbo to the International Criminal Court , and plans to try her in a domestic court instead . Gbagbo is accused of crimes against humanity following postelection violence in 2010 . Her husband , former president Laurent Gbagbo , is in the custody of the Hague-based court awaiting trial over similar charges . Government officials said they plan to file a motion to dismiss an arrest warrant against her . "  The councils ' decision is to judge Mrs. Gbagbo in Ivory Coast , by the Ivorian courts which have now been restored and even to guarantee her a fair trial with the rights to a defense , " the government said in a statement Friday . Officials said they will inform the international court of the decision . Alleged crimes against humanity The former first lady is accused of crimes against humanity in the aftermath of her husband 's election defeat in 2010 . Laurent Gbagbo , then the incumbent president , refused to step down after Alassane Ouattara was declared the winner of the election . The standoff sparked months of violence between supporters of the two sides , leaving thousands dead . The ICC warrant issued last year alleges that as a member of the president 's inner circle , his wife was an "  indirect co-perpetrator . " She attended meetings where plans were discussed and carried out to persecute Ouattara supporters , according to the warrant . Her husband surrendered to the ICC in December of that year , and is currently awaiting trial at The Hague on crimes against humanity for the civil unrest and deaths . Both have denied the charges . Backlash against the ICC African governments have accused the Hague-based court of unfairly targeting the continent . The African Union plans to hold a meeting next month to discuss withdrawal of member nations from the ICC to protest what it describes as "  hunting " of leaders from the continent . Its planned meeting comes as Kenyan deputy president , William Ruto , is undergoing trial at the court on charges related to postelection violence in 2007 . Kenya 's parliament voted to leave the ICC this month , days before the deputy president 's trial started . So far , all cases before the ICC are against Africans in eight countries . They include Sudan , Uganda , Kenya , Libya , Ivory Coast and Mali . Some of the cases such as Ivory Coast were supported by their respective governments .	Ivory Coast officials want arrest warrant against Simone Gbagbo dismissed She is accused of crimes against humanity following 2010 post-election violence Her husband , ex-president Laurent Gbagbo , is in the custody of the ICC They have denied the charges
Barrington , New Hampshire  CNN  U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz was delivering his normal rhetoric during a New Hampshire speech on Sunday , hitting the current administration on the economy , Obamacare and national security . "  And the Obama-Clinton foreign policy of leading from behind -- the whole world is on fire , " the senator from Texas declared . But he was stopped by a 3-year-old girl sitting in the front row . "  The world is on fire ? " she yelled out . Cruz took it and ran with it . "  The world is on fire -- yes ! Your world is on fire , " he exclaimed , seizing the moment as the crowd burst out into laughter . "  But you know what ? Your mommy 's here and everyone 's here to make sure that the world you grow up in is even better . " The scene -- while cute -- captured Cruz 's determination to remain unwavering in his views and language , never backtracking . There was no "  just kidding " or "  that was only a metaphor " to assuage the little girl . Instead , the first-term senator continued with his speechifying and used the moment to illustrate his point that while things are bad now , they could get better -- especially , cough cough , if he becomes president . A woman who identified herself as the child 's mother named Michelle later told the WRKO 's Kuhner Report that her child 's reaction came in a "  high question kind of voice , " but that her daughter was "  quite happy " in the aftermath . "  She really , basically was like ` oh , oh , this is a great man . ' He 's the firefighter in her mind as a three-year-old . And was quite happy and she wanted a cookie . " Cruz is bringing the resolute disruptor brand that he 's built in Congress out on the trail as he lays the groundwork for a White House bid . This weekend , he was on a two-day swing through New Hampshire , stopping Sunday afternoon at an event put on by the Strafford County GOP . In the same way Cruz challenges establishment Republicans in the Senate , he 's trying to build a campaign that breaks from the mold and showcases his firebrand conservatism . For example , his first question from the audience came from a woman who wanted to know how Cruz was going to make campaign finance reform a reality , a huge issue in the first-in-the-nation primary state . But Cruz argued that not only is money a form of speech , it emboldens speech . "  The answer is not to muzzle citizens ; it 's to empower citizens across the country , " he said . Throwing a bone to his questioner , however , he said he supports requiring that campaign donations be disclosed . He took the same steadfast approach last weekend in Iowa , when he and other contenders were asked about the ethanol mandate requiring that gasoline contain a certain amount of ethanol -- a popular regulation in Iowa where corn is king . While nearly every other potential candidate expressed at least some measure of support for the mandate , Cruz flatly opposed it , saying in front of close to a thousand Iowa farmers that he does n't think the government should be involved in the private sector . Gov. Scott Walker , who 's vying with Jeb Bush for frontrunner status , said he supported the mandate in Iowa , despite previously opposing it in his home state of Wisconsin Asked by reporters Sunday about accusations that Walker is a flip-flopper , Cruz first praised his potential rival but made sure to mention that candidates need to be challenged on their actions . "  It 's easy for candidates to give an answer , " he said , but added : "  The proof is in the pudding . What I 've urged Republicans to ask of every candidate is : Have you walked the walk ? Show me your record . " Cruz got heavy applause when he said he wanted to "  repeal every word of Common Core , " a set of testing standards that Jeb Bush staunchly defended when he appeared at a nearby event in Dover , New Hampshire just two days earlier . Common Core , however , was not legislation approved by Congress . Rather , it was created by a bipartisan group of governors and state leaders , and states received financial incentives by the government to adopt the standards . Still , Cruz played somewhat coy with his White House aspirations , aware of the tight federal regulations that would start holding contenders to different standards once they admit they 're running for president . When voters pressed him Sunday to make a White House bid , Cruz told them to "  stay tuned . " "  I 'm looking at it very , very seriously , " he told the audience . "  I would point out a week ago I was in Iowa , yesterday I was in South Carolina , and today I 'm in New Hampshire . " But he truly charmed the crowd when he said that after he and his wife got their daughters a puppy recently , one of the girls gave her approval for Cruz 's presidential aspirations . "  If you win , that means Snowflake will finally get a backyard to pee in , " his daughter said , according to Cruz . In terms of energy and turnout , Sunday 's event stood out from other events held by potential White House contenders who were in New Hampshire this weekend , in part because it was open to the public , unlike other events headlined by Walker and Bush . His remarks were met with boisterous applause , and he was frequently urged to run for president by people who shook his hand before and after the event . Halfway through Cruz 's remarks , a small-business owner in the audience was called on to ask a question but instead stood up proudly next to the senator and went off into a two-minute rant about how other Republicans in Washington are n't representing their conservative constituents . "  It is D-Day in America folks , " he said , getting the crowd on their feet . "  We ca n't wait for another Republican . We need Ted Cruz . " The man said his wife wrote a blank check for Cruz and pulled out his wallet , only to throw it on the ground at Cruz 's feet . "  For those who believe in miracles , this gentleman just threw his wallet at a politician , " Cruz said , getting a big laugh from the crowd . "  And he actually got it back . " Cruz could not accept the money because he 's not yet a candidate . One man , Bill Higgins , stood outside in the snow for four hours hoping Cruz would meet his goat named Izak , an apparent fixture on the campaign trail which was wearing a hat that said "  I voted " and who happened to bite Jon Huntsman in 2011 . Cruz waved hello at Higgins as the senator exited the building Sunday afternoon but did n't stop to greet the goat . "  He 'll be back again , " Higgins said , trying to appear unfazed . "  I 'm sure he wants to get to his next stop . "	U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz visits New Hampshire , hits the White House on economy and Obamacare A little girl in the crowd thinks the rhetorically speaking senator is warning of a literal global conflagration Meanwhile , a goat that once bit Jon Huntsman does n't get the same chance with the Texas senator
Minsk , Belarus  CNN  The leaders of Ukraine , Russia , France and Germany have signed up to a peace plan after lengthy talks , raising hopes that the brutal conflict in eastern Ukraine could be brought to a close . Despite the hopes , some European leaders have voiced skepticism -- after all , a previous peace plan agreed to in September disintegrated amid continued fighting . So now the leaders have struck a new deal in Minsk , Belarus , what happens next ? Between now and Saturday night , we can expect to see continued fighting in eastern Ukraine between the Ukrainian military and separatist forces . Under the terms of the agreement , the ceasefire line for the Ukrainians is the current front line and for the separatists it 's the front line as it was at the time of the previous deal on September 19 . This represents a territorial gain for the separatists since September . The separatists may seek to make a push over the next 2 1/2 days to try to win more territory . It 's not clear what will happen in the strategically important town of Debaltseve , where rebel fighters currently have Ukrainian forces almost surrounded after days of fierce fighting . An "  immediate and comprehensive " ceasefire is due to come into effect from midnight Saturday into Sunday local time . The withdrawal of heavy weapons by both sides should begin no later than the next day after the ceasefire  Monday  , according to the agreement . It should take no longer than 14 days . The Ukrainian forces must pull back their artillery of 100 millimeters or greater caliber by 25 kilometers  15 1/2 miles  from the current front line , while the separatists must withdraw their artillery the same distance behind the front line as of September 19 . This should create a demilitarized zone at least 50 kilometers  31 miles  wide between the two sides . A wider division -- 70 or 140 kilometers -- is required for certain specified weapons with a longer range . The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe is tasked with helping with and monitoring the withdrawal of the heavy weapons -- but it 's not clear how this will play out . If the withdrawal of heavy weapons is successful , then local elections should be held in separatist-held areas in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions . Dialogue on this should start the day after the withdrawal . A change in the Ukrainian constitution is expected to make this possible , along with reforms to give the region greater autonomy . If all this happens , then the Ukrainian government may be able to take back control of its border with Russia in separatist-held areas by the end of the year . The release and exchange of all hostages and illegally held prisoners should be completed no more than five days after the withdrawal of heavy weapons , the agreement states . Speaking after the agreement was announced in Minsk , French and German leaders made clear that it was not perfect but said it was better than taking no action . Much of the finer detail remains to be worked out and this could prove to be where the agreement founders . Alexey Pushkov , head of the international affairs committee in Russia 's lower house , the State Duma , acknowledged this , tweeting : "  Minsk talks have reached their goal . Now it 's all about following the agreement : tensions are very likely . The key is in implementation . ' Implementing a political deal will always be harder on the ground , where emotions run high . Persuading fighters to surrender territory they have lost comrades to gain may not be easy . CNN 's Nic Robertson reported from Minsk and Laura Smith-Spark reported and wrote from London . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh in Donetsk contributed to this report .	The agreement signed in Minsk sets out a series of steps for eastern Ukraine A ceasefire should be followed by the withdrawal of heavy weapons and local elections
CNN  Universally acknowledged as one of the finest racehorses to ever jump a fence , Sprinter Sacre drew the crowds for his comeback at a wintry Ascot , Saturday . The nine-year-old , renowned for his attacking style of spectacular jumping , was back after spending 13 months on the sidelines with a heart murmur . On his toes before the race and with a silky sheen of sweat on his skin , this enthusiastic chaser looked in excellent physical condition and seemed eager to do his job on his belated return . But his gusto might have proved his undoing given his distinct lack of big race running . The nine-year-old was scratchy early in the race and his jumping scruffy , but he traveled powerfully into the straight under jockey Barry Geraghty . Sprinter Sacre looked the winner approaching the second last obstacle before being shot down by the overwhelming run of Dodging Bullets . "  There was no messing about . They went a good gallop and it just found him out in the end , " trainer Nicky Henderson told the media at Ascot . "  I loved the way he traveled . Only one day matters and he 'll come on plenty for this . " The day in question is the Queen Mother Champion Chase at the Cheltenham Festival in March , the best two mile steeplechase in the British horse racing calendar and a race which Sprinter Sacre won by 19 astonishing lengths in 2013 . That performance was described by respected ratings organization Timeform as "  the finest performance of the modern era . " Yet as Ascot was cloaked in dusk and the crowd began to wend their way home while the bookmakers balanced their books , news broke of Sprinter Sacre bleeding from the nose after the race . While Henderson said that this issue could not have affected his comeback performance , questions began to form about further implications for his Festival participation . Despite reasons for hope after his comeback , a heart murmur is not a problem that will immediately wisp away but rather one that will still require vigilance . After optimism in defeat , the coming days will prove whether doubt will more sternly shroud one of the greatest horses we are ever likely to see .	Star jumper Sprinter Sacre makes comeback after 13 months on the sidelines But the nine-year-old has to settle for second at wintry Ascot behind Dodging Bullets Trainer Nicky Henderson remains optimistic despite defeat
CNN  -- The phone hacking trial of Rebekah Brooks and other newspaper executives revealed much about the inner workings of Rupert Murdoch 's sex-and-scandal tabloids the News of the World and the Sun . News of the World closed in July 2011 , amid public revulsion at the hacking of a missing 13-year-old , Milly Dowler . The Sun , later also edited by Brooks , remains Britain 's best-selling newspaper . Here are 7 eye-catching disclosures from Court 12 of the Old Bailey in London . 1 . Hacking round the clock The News of the World carried out phone hacking on a grand scale . A Metropolitan Police detective , Steven Fitzgerald , told the trial that in the two years before the police pounced on the operation in August 2006 , News of the World 's private detective , Glenn Mulcaire , and journalists made 6,813 calls to 281 unique voicemail numbers , or UVNs . Calls to UVNs were described as attempted or successful hacks of mobile phone messages . Among those whose messages were eavesdropped leading politicians , such as Home Secretary David Blunkett , in charge of police and the fight against terrorism , the England football manager Sven Goran Eriksson , and the actors Jude Law , Sienna Miller and Daniel Craig , the current James Bond . The Metropolitan Police estimate 1,000 people were hacked by the News of the World . 2 . Hot line to Kate Middleton The News of the World eavesdropped on the private world of Princes William and Harry -- and William 's then-girlfriend Kate Middleton . Their hacking was kept secret during the first , limited police investigation into phone hacking in 2007 . But it was revealed at the current trial that the paper 's royal editor Clive Goodman had hacked Middleton , the current Duchess of Cambridge , 155 times -- including on Valentine 's Day 2006 . He hacked Prince William 35 times and Prince Harry on nine occasions . Among the exclusives the News of the World unearthed were that William got lost on an Army training exercise and that Middleton called him "  babykins . " 3 . Rooting through bins Although the News of the World portrayed itself as a beacon of morality in a sleazy world , it appears it was not averse to picking through people 's bins in the search for a tale . On one of the whiteboards seized from his home in August 2006 , the paper 's private detective , Glenn Mulcaire , wrote the word : "  Binology . " The word "  binology " -- rooting through people 's rubbish to find interesting documents -- also appeared on an invoice submitted to the News of the World by a private detective in 2001 , when it was edited by Brooks . She told the trial : "  There was a particular private detective who worked for various newspapers who would go through bins , lawyers ' bins and high-profile people : Benji the Binman . And he would sell that information to newspapers . " She said she might have had some anxiety about using binology . 4 . Cash for defense stories While being edited by Brooks , The Sun paid a defense official for exclusive stories about the deaths of soldiers in Afghanistan , military scandals and titillating examples of indiscipline in the ranks . In all the Sun paid  # 100,000 paid to Bettina Jordan Barber , a mid-ranking official at Ministry of Defence official who liaised with the MoD 's press bureau , between 2004 and 2012 . The resulting headlines included : "  Mucky major 's a sex swinger , " "  Major feels privates ' privates " and "  The Lust Post . " 5 . Close the News of the World ... and land a TV deal A month before the News of the World closed , executives discussed closing it -- to help a controversial takeover . Jurors were shown an email from Simon Greenberg , director of corporate affairs at News International , News Corp 's UK newspaper arm , to Brooks and another executive in early June 2011 . At that time Scotland Yard had intensified its inquiry into hacking and a growing number of hacking victims were suing for breach of privacy . "  This is why we should consider the shutdown option , " Greenberg wrote . "  Is the brand too toxic for itself or the company ? I believe it is . Unparalleled moments need unparalleled action . You could be the person to save the Rubicon deal . " Rubicon was News Corp 's codename for its  # 7 billion bid for the UK 's biggest commercial broadcaster , BSkyB . News Corp abandoned the bid amid the furor over phone hacking allegations . 6 . From Tony Blair with a kiss News International had close links with politicians , particularly with former British Prime Minister Tony Blair . On July 16 , 2011 as the hacking scandal swirled around the company -- and on the eve of Brooks 's arrest -- the former Labour leader offered to help her prepare for an appearance before a House of Commons committee at which she would be grilled about hacking . Blair texted Brooks : "  If you 're still going to parliament you should call me . I have experience of these things ! Tx " She said she was "  feeling properly terrified , " adding : "  Police are behaving so badly . " The former PM responded with help about the police interview : "  Everyone panics in these situations and they will feel they have their reputation to recover . Assume you have quality QC advice ? When 's the interview ? " Later , Blair added : "  I 'm no use on police stuff but call me after that because I may be some help on Commons . Brooks replied : "  Great . Will do . X " 7 . The affair that dare not be printed While the News of the World exposed other people 's extra-marital affairs , its married leading executives were having one themselves , the court heard . On a computer belonging to Brooks , detectives found a draft letter written by the former News of the World editor to its then editor , Andy Coulson in 2004 which suggested they had been having an affair for six years . The prosecution suggested the closeness of that relationship meant Brooks must have known about phone hacking when her lover was editing the paper -- which she denied . In a passage from the letter read out to the court by a prosecutor , Brooks wrote : "  The fact is you are my very best friend , I tell you everything , I confide in you , I seek your advice , I love you , care about you , worry about you , we laugh and cry together . " No British newspaper exposed their affair , though it made front-page headlines a decade later . When a lawyer suggested to Coulson that the relationship was "  pure hypocrisy , " he replied : "  The irony is not lost on me . "	Jurors returned their verdicts in the UK 's 8-month-long phone hacking trial on June 23 Journalist Martin Hickman is writing a book on the trial and has been inside the court He says revelations included that journalists had rooted through bins for stories Prosecutors said two of News of the World 's senior executives had had an affair
CNN  -- Syria becomes a greater emergency with each passing day . This week Defense Minister Daoud Rajiha and other members of President Bashar al-Assad 's inner circle were murdered ; opposition groups claimed responsibility . Last week Nawaf al-Fares , Syria 's ambassador to Iraq , resigned from the government and joined the opposition , and the government 's militiamen apparently shot villagers in Tremseh at close range . There is growing consensus across the American political spectrum that al-Assad must go , that opposition forces must be armed in order to contend for political power , and that the situation in Syria is a strategic issue for the United States and its allies . On the Senate floor earlier this year , Sen. John McCain spoke for many analysts when he discussed the strategic significance of Syria : "  The end of the Assad regime would sever Hezbollah 's lifeline to Iran , eliminate a long-standing threat to Israel , bolster Lebanon 's sovereignty and independence , and inflict a strategic defeat on the Iranian regime . It would be a geopolitical success of the first order . " The humanitarian dimension of Syria 's crisis is underscored by reports claiming that anywhere from 10,000 to 20,000 people have been killed there in the past 17 months of violence . Falling prey to election-year politicking , President Barack Obama , Gov. Mitt Romney , and their campaign surrogates eschew frank discussion of Syria and its implications -- to answer hard questions about sacrificing life and spending treasure abroad in yet another Middle East battlefield is to open up political risks that can not be calculated . That 's why it is worth recalling events of the early 1980s and former Secretary of Defense Caspar Weinberger 's national security doctrine . On June 6 , 1982 , Israel , seeking to relieve pressure on its northern borders by dismantling the Palestine Liberation Organization 's base of operation , invaded Lebanon , a country beset by civil war and Syrian occupation . Soon thereafter , France , Italy and the United States formed a multinational force to help stabilize the country -- as differing factions of Arabs and Christians as well as the Israelis and Syrians were in a tangled web of conflict -- and allow PLO fighters to leave the country . The PLO withdrawal was completed by August 30 , and the MNF departed on September 10 , but the story did not end there . The MNF failed to stabilize Lebanon . President-elect Bashir Gemayel was killed in his Phalange party headquarters on September 14 . In the days that followed , Israeli forces stood by as Lebanese Phalangists massacred Palestinians in the Sabra and Shatila refugee camps , an act of retribution for the assassination of Gemayel , which may , in fact , have been undertaken by pro-Syrian forces . A few days later , Bashir 's brother Amin was elected president , and the MFN re-entered Beirut . On October 23 , 1983 , a suicide bomber drove a truck into the U.S. Marine barracks at the Beirut airport , and France 's barracks also were struck by a suicide bomb -- 241 U.S. servicemen and nearly 60 French soldiers were killed . It was the single bloodiest day for the Marines since the battle of Iwo Jima in 1945 . Between December 1983 and February 1984 , U.S. battleships retaliated against combatants who had targeted the MNF . The USS New Jersey undertook a relentless counterattack against Syrian and Druze forces , shooting its 16-inch guns for the first time since the Vietnam War . By April , the entire MNF , which the United Kingdom had joined , had left Lebanon . The civil war continued until 1990 . President Reagan supported Secretary of State George Shultz 's arguments in favor of U.S. diplomacy and peacekeeping in Lebanon . But in Weinberger 's view , Lebanon was the wrong fight for the United States . In a speech on November 28 , 1984 , he articulated his six principles for future U.S. military engagements : 1  There should be no commitment of U.S. forces abroad unless there is a clear and vital interest for the United States or its allies ;  2  Combat , if agreed upon , should be undertaken with the intention of military victory , using whatever forces and resources are needed to achieve that goal ;  3  Political and military objectives must be clearly defined before entering a conflict ;  4  The relationship between military means and diplomatic , military , and political objectives "  must be continually reassessed and adjusted if necessary , " not just established at the beginning of the military engagement ;  5  No battle is worth fighting or will be successful without "  reasonable assurance we will have the support of the American people " and Congress ; and  6  The commitment of U.S. troops to a conflict should be an act of last resort . The Reagan administration had approved Israel 's invasion of Lebanon , and although initially welcomed by many Muslims in Lebanon the United States came to be seen as too pro-Israel , pro-Christian , and anti-Muslim . U.S. forces ' unintentional shelling of civilians did not help matters . Furthermore , the re-entry of the MFN was not accompanied by a serious understanding of strategy , objectives and the relationship between them . So President Reagan decided to withdraw U.S. forces from what would likely become a major military quagmire for the United States , instead of a multinational peacekeeping operation . That caution brings us back to Syria , where the crisis is beginning to meet Weinberger 's criteria on objectives : get al-Assad to leave . But means and strategies are very much in flux . The call for a U.S.-led international coalition of the willing to help the Syrian opposition is one suggested military and diplomatic strategy , but how realistic is it in the near term , or pre-Election Day ? Weinberger 's principles remind us that the situation in Syria is difficult for the United States because calibrating means and ends in the maelstrom is easier said than done . Perhaps the humanitarian crisis that Syria has become will help settle the matter . But , as Weinberger declared , the United States should "  not assign a combat mission to a force configured for peacekeeping . " Translation : Lebanon must not happen again . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kiron Skinner .	Syria becomes a greater emergency with each passing day , says Kiron K. Skinner But U.S. must think twice before entering yet another Middle East battlefield , she says Skinner : America 's involvement in Lebanon three decades ago tells us what could transpire We should keep in mind Caspar Weinberger 's national security doctrine of 1984 , she says
Hickory , North Carolina  CNN  -- The stepmother of a missing 10-year-old girl in North Carolina said during a jailhouse visit with two relatives this week that she blames a lot of her current predicament on her husband , one of those relatives said Friday . The relative , one of two cousins who visited Monday with Elisa Baker in jail , said she was speaking publicly after a few family members met and "  decided that we needed to share a few things that we do know . " Elisa Baker 's stepdaughter , Zahra Baker , was reported missing last month . "  As we talked with her , she cried over missing Zahra and how her husband has left her to take all the blame for what has happened when he played a big part in this terrible situation , " the cousin said in an exclusive interview with HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " producer Natisha Lance . The cousin spoke on condition of anonymity because of death threats the family has received . Later , the cousin said Elisa Baker believed it was unfair that she was jailed "  for something that he had done , " referring to husband Adam Troy Baker , Zahra 's father . The cousin said she hoped that Zahra 's body will be found soon , "  since she is believed to be deceased and that all of the truth will come out . " The cousin said she and her sister visited Elisa in jail on Monday after more than two years during which they had not spoken . The woman added that she had received three letters from Elisa , "  and in each one of them she made it very clear how much she cared about Zahra and that she do n't understand the man that she loves can be this , can do her this way . " The woman said she did not know what happened to the freckle-faced girl who lost her leg to bone cancer at age 5 and reportedly developed lung cancer a few years later . Police launched a search for Zahra on October 9 , but no one other than a family member had reported seeing her since September 25 , when a woman saw her at a furniture store . Police on Monday confirmed that a prosthetic leg discovered last week in brush off a North Carolina road belongs to Zahra Baker , whose disappearance is now being probed as a homicide . Police said Elisa Baker admitted that she planted a fake ransom note the day after the girl 's disappearance was reported . Initially arrested on October 10 on charges unrelated to Zahra 's disappearance , including writing worthless checks , Elisa Baker was additionally charged with obstruction of justice for leaving the note . That charge is a felony . She is now cooperating with investigators , Hickory police have said . Zahra 's father was arrested late last month in nearby Catawba County on eight charges , including five counts of submitting worthless checks and three counts of failing to appear in court . Police earlier acknowledged that Adam Baker faced bad-check charges unrelated to the disappearance of his daughter . But they did not initially arrest him , as he had been helping authorities in their search . "  Adam Baker has a lot of the answers , " Elisa Baker 's cousin said Friday . "  What we do know about him is that he does n't believe in God . He is very into paganism . He 's ridin ' around with a sign on his window that says Zahra was abused by her stepmother . If this is true , then why did n't he , the biological father , put a stop to it and protect his little girl ? "  Why did n't he beg the public for someone to bring his daughter home ? Why has he not personally searched for Zahra ? How could a loving father begin his 911 call with , ` Hello , how are you doing ? ' He needs to answer these questions . " Adam Baker 's attorney has not returned repeated phone calls from CNN requesting comment on the investigation . During their discussion , the woman said her cousin told her that Zahra 's cancer had been in remission , but that she was sick for the two weeks "  before whatever 's happened happened ... she did not completely come out and tell me what has actually happened . " The woman said that Elisa Baker "  cared for that little girl deeply " and had taken a polygraph . Scott Riley , Elisa Baker 's attorney , declined to comment Friday when asked about the polygraph . Asked why none of Elisa Baker 's relatives had bailed her out of jail , the woman said , "  I guess probably they 're waiting for evidence or to find out what has really happened . " Asked if the family is divided about what may have happened , she said , "  A little bit right now , yes . " Asked what she thinks happened to the girl , the woman said , "  I absolutely have no clue . All of it is just so confusing and , until we get the facts , I 'm not going to know what to think . " HLN 's Beth Carey contributed to this report .	"  He played a big part in this terrible situation , " a cousin says in exclusive interview "  Adam Baker has a lot of the answers " The cousin acknowledges she does n't know what happened Elisa Baker 's family is divided , the cousin says
CNN  -- Iran should release seven Baha'i prisoners accused of espionage because it does not have any evidence against them , their lawyer Shirin Ebadi told CNN on Saturday . Attorneys Abdolfattah Soltani , left , and Shirin Ebadi , shown in Tehran in 2004 . "  In the files , in the case basically , there is nothing , no reason that basically convicts them , " said Ebadi , a Nobel Peace Prize laureate . The trial will begin Tuesday despite the fact that one of their lawyers is behind bars and Ebadi is outside the country . Other attorneys can be appointed , Hassan Haddad of the Prosecutor 's Office in Tehran told the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency . But the court must recognize the replacements , who are colleagues of Ebadi at her Tehran-based Defenders of Human Rights Center , not appoint other lawyers , Ebadi said . The imprisoned lawyer , Abdolfattah Soltani , is a well-known advocate with the human rights center . He was arrested in the aftermath of Iran 's disputed June 12 presidential election and is being held at Evin prison , the same place where his clients are detained , according to the International Campaign for Human Rights . He is being held on charges of taking "  measures against national security , " Ebadi said . "  Mr. Soltani is completely innocent . " Soltani had an opportunity to leave prison , but under conditions he chose not to accept , Ebadi said . Along with not giving any interviews after his release , Soltani would also have to end his work with the human rights center and no longer support Ebadi , she said . In another attack on the law firm , a lawyer was arrested after agents entered the center with guns , searched each room and then declared that they found opium on the premises , Ebadi said . That lawyer , whose family had been harassed by police , accused the agents of planting the opium , she said . Ebadi was on a speaking tour when Soltani was arrested and has not returned to Iran . The firm founded by Ebadi took up the case of the seven Baha'is last year . They are accused of spying for Israel , spreading propaganda against the Islamic republic and committing religious offenses . The Baha'i International Community , which has a delegation to the United Nations , denies the allegations . The evidence against the defendants includes communication from Israel , but that is because the Baha'i World Center has its headquarters in Israel , said Kit Bigelow , director of external affairs at the American Baha'i Community . Prosecutors are calling that communication espionage , she said . Human rights groups have demanded the release of the prisoners and accused the government of targeting them because of their religious beliefs . The Baha'i faith originated in 19th-century Persia , and while modern-day Iran does not recognize it , the government denies any mistreatment of the members of the largest non-Muslim religious minority . The International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran has reported a rise in persecution of Baha'is in recent years , including cemetery desecration , arbitrary detention , home raids , property confiscation , work expulsion and denial of basic civil rights . The case of the seven Baha'is has drawn global attention . Roxana Saberi , the Iranian-American journalist freed from Evin prison earlier this year , spoke on their behalf , as have Human Rights Watch and the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom , an independent bipartisan federal commission . The defendants face the death penalty if convicted . Six of the defendants were arrested in May 2008 at their Tehran homes , and one was arrested in the eastern city of Mashad in March 2008 , said Diane Ala'i , the Baha'i International Community 's representative to the United Nations . The defendants were held under solitary confinement for the first five months of their incarceration , she said . The investigation into the charges against the prisoners concluded months ago and the trial was initially scheduled to start in July . Iran has continued to hold them in Evin prison without access to their lawyers and with minimal contact with their families , Ala'i said . CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Seven Baha'i prisoners accused of espionage to go on trial Tuesday in Iran Baha'is are accused of spying for Israel , spreading propaganda against Iran One of defendants ' attorneys is in jail ; another is outside the country Case of the seven Baha'is has drawn global attention
Nearly 35 years ago , Iranian revolutionaries stormed the U.S. embassy in Tehran and began a painful chapter for America as the "  Great Satan . " Today , the building where anti-Americanism raged and captives were held for 444 days is now an Islamic cultural center and a propaganda museum of sorts for the Islamic Revolution . CNN 's Chief National Security Correspondent Jim Sciutto visited the complex this week . It is rare for westerners to walk its halls . Although the two-story building shows no signs of terror from the 1979-81 hostage crisis , it remains a symbol of mistrust that still endures for many . Upon entering , the counter area where U.S. Marine guards had been posted when the embassy was seized is intact , as is the colorful tile work on some of the walls . There are offices on the first floor , while exhibits are displayed on the second . Upstairs is an office where CNN 's guide says the CIA was housed . The entrance is the door to a vault . "  Is it the same combination that it was ? " Sciutto asks . "  Yes , " the guide responds , explaining the students who stormed the building extracted the combination from hostages during what he said were "  negotiations . " Past the vault door , the Iranians claim was the secure section where the CIA worked . That 's a reason the guide gives for the takeover , which was dramatized in the Oscar-winning film Argo . While many Iranians have grown disillusioned with the Islamic revolution , anti-American anger endures . "  Do you still believe it was justified to hold the Americans as hostages ? " the guide is asked . "  Definitely , yes . " he says . "  Based on international law the U.S. embassy should function as the embassy and not interfere in internal affairs . It 's like somebody is snooping around your house . What would you do ? " Each room and every piece of equipment is an exhibit . There is a sound-proof meeting room , encrypted Telex machines -- one marked as belonging to the National Security Agency -- and the shredders said to have been used by embassy staff to destroy secret documents as the diplomatic facility fell to the revolutionaries . Revolutionary propaganda is everywhere . Bright red murals cover the main stairway walls leading to the second floor . The paintings tell a familiar Middle Eastern conspiracy theory claiming the United States was behind the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . "  Do you believe America brought down the twin towers ? " the guide is asked about the World Trade Center in New York . "  For sure , yes , " he replies adamantly . Why would America would kill its own people ? "  They wanted to make their people believe they are in danger so they could attack other countries , " he says . "  Do you think that it 's possible a plane can crash such a building ? " Officially , the United States and Iran have softened their tone more recently . The two are participating in international negotiations to curb Tehran 's nuclear ambitions over the long term in exchange for easing economic sanctions . An interim deal is in place for the next six months . "  Let 's say America and Iran both abide by the agreement . Can you ever imagine American diplomats returning to this embassy ? " Sciutto asks the guide . He smiles and laughs . "  You can not trust America , " he says . "  America is the Great Satan . "	CNN tours old embassy building in Tehran - part time warp , part propaganda museum It shows no sign of terror around 1979-81 hostage crisis But counter area where U.S. Marine guards had been posted still intact Murals reinforce conspiracy theories around 9/11 attacks
CNN  -- Four NATO troops were killed Sunday in an attack believed to involve Afghan police in southern Afghanistan , officials said , in what appears to be the latest incident of local forces turning their guns on coalition partners . The troops died "  following an insider attack involving suspected Afghan police , " said Jamie Graybeal , a spokesman with NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . No more details were provided . The attacks followed news that insurgents disguised in U.S. Army uniforms carried out a coordinated assault Friday at a joint American-British base in the same region . That assault raised concerns that the attackers had inside knowledge . ISAF : Insurgents wore U.S. Army uniforms It is too early to conclude whether the attackers had "  inside knowledge , " Graybeal said . The incident is under investigation . The international coalition released details that suggest it was a well-coordinated assault on the fortified base in a remote desert region in Helmand province . Two U.S. Marines and 14 insurgents died in a firefight . The lone surviving insurgent , who was wounded , was taken into custody , the international coalition said in a statement . The insurgents -- organized into three teams -- waged an assault on the airfield of the joint base that includes American-run Camp Leatherneck and British-run Camp Bastion , where British royal Prince Harry is stationed . Six AV-8B Harrier jets were destroyed and two others were damaged , international forces said . Six aircraft hangers suffered damage , while six refueling stations were destroyed , it said . The international coalition gave no indication how the insurgents obtained U.S. Army uniforms . NATO denies civilians killed in air strike The Taliban have claimed responsibility for the attack , calling it a response to the 14-minute movie trailer "  Innocence of Muslims " that sparked protests in more than 20 countries . The trailer , which depicts the Prophet Mohammed as a child molester and ruthless killer , has roiled the Muslim world , In Afghanistan , the Taliban have called on insurgents to step up attacks against the United States and its NATO allies in retaliation . Two British troops were killed Saturday when an Afghan police officer opened fire on them at a checkpoint in Helmand province 's Nahr-e Saraj district , the British Defence Ministry said . Meanwhile , the international coalition declined to release details about the nationality and location of the attack that killed four troops in southern Afghanistan . Those deaths , including the two killed Saturday , raised the number to more than 50 coalition troops killed in "  green-on-blue " or "  insider " attacks in Afghanistan this year . "  Green-on-blue " refers to a color coding system used by the military , in which blue refers to the friendly force , in this case ISAF ; and green refers to allied friendly forces , in this case Afghan National Security Forces . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Chris Lawrence and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	The attack involves suspected Afghan police , an official says The nationalities of the troops killed are not immediately released On Saturday , two British troops are killed by an Afghan police officer
CNN  -- One congressman says it 's "  shocking " how the Obama administration is now using the Patriot Act . But a senator says the secret court order for American phone records is "  lawful . " The Patriot Act , the landmark law born out of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , is at the center of an emerging controversy Thursday over how the Obama administration obtained a secret court order for phone records from the Verizon Business Network Service from April to July this year . The administration is accused of making a secret interpretation and going too far in that interpretation of the anti-terrorism law , specifically a portion called Section 215 . Experts wonder whether the revelation of the secret order will prompt a public outcry and Congressional hearings . And a digital civil liberties lawyer argues the government can no longer claim state secrecy privileges in federal lawsuits seeking to shut down domestic surveillance programs . Even before this week 's Verizon controversy , privacy advocates had long criticized Section 215 as vastly expanding the FBI 's power to spy on Americans . The USA Patriot Act  pdf The Verizon case apparently marks a difference between Presidents Barack Obama and George W. Bush in obtaining phone records , according to Tyler Newby , a former federal computer crime prosecutor under both administrations . The Bush administration also collected phone logs -- the same sort of "  metadata " that the Obama administration is gathering from Verizon -- and even conducted wiretaps , but it did so without getting a court order . Now the Obama administration is invoking the Patriot Act 's Section 215 -- as well as the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act -- as the basis for a secret court order demanding Verizon records that show originating and terminating phone numbers , their location , time and duration . The FISA court 's proceedings , held in Washington , are secret . "  It 's pretty broad authority that Section 215 gives the FBI , " said Newby , who worked in the U.S. Justice Department between 2007 and early 2011 . "  It 's important to note that this order does not permit the collection of the content of communications , so it 's not a wiretap , " said Newby , who now works for a Silicon Valley-based law firm that represents Facebook , Google and other companies . "  That 's important because if you 're collecting content , then there is a privacy interest of individuals , " Newby said Thursday . "  With these business records -- what the government is calling telephony metadata -- there is not the same expectation of privacy . "  Presumably this is going into a large and sophisticated data-mining database , looking for patterns and call activities " relating to terrorism , Newby added . One legal scholar wonders if the Verizon case will provoke a groundswell of outrage . "  Now they have taken the calls of every single citizen from Verizon , " said Jonathan Turley , a law professor at George Washington University . "  At what point do citizens stand up and say this is the tipping point ? We 're getting toward authoritarian power . "  The problem is , every administration , every politician will say we 're getting something from this , " Turley said . "  You can make that argument to remove all civil liberties . " The revelation of the court order could help plaintiffs and their attorneys such as the Electronic Frontier Foundation in their federal lawsuits seeking to shut down government domestic surveillance programs . With the revelation of the surveillance of Verizon , the government can no longer argue state secrecy privileges in those lawsuits , said Mark Rumold , staff attorney at the foundation , a digital civil liberties organization . "  The cat is out of the bag now , or they will have a difficult time convincing a judge that this information is still secret , " Rumold said . About the secret court order against Verizon , Rumold said : "  I do n't know of any single other publicly disclosed order in the history of the United States that could have had the far-reaching effect that this one has . We 're probably talking about millions of people . "  There 's no question in my mind that this type of order is illegal , " Rumold said , adding that Congress ought to hold hearings on the Verizon case . The secret court order also is drawing strong criticism from within Obama 's Democratic Party . Former Vice President Al Gore wrote on Twitter : "  Is it just me , or is secret blanket surveillance obscenely outrageous ? " Added Sen. Mark Udall , D-Colorado , who serves on the Senate Intelligence Committee : "  While I can not corroborate the details of this particular report , this sort of wide-scale surveillance should concern all of us and is the kind of government overreach I 've said Americans would find shocking . " Udall and Sen. Ron Wyden , D-Oregon , who also serves on the Intelligence Committee , accused Attorney General Eric Holder in a letter last year of making "  secret interpretations of public laws . " "  We believe most Americans would be stunned to learn the details of how these secret court opinions have interpreted section 215 of the Patriot Act , " which deals with "  business records , " they wrote . But Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , described the FISA court order as "  the exact three-month renewal of what has been the case for the past seven years . " "  This renewal is carried out by the FISA court under the business records section of the Patriot Act . Therefore it is lawful . It has been briefed to Congress , " Feinstein said . "  Terrorists will come after us if they can , and the only thing that we have to deter this is good intelligence to understand that a plot has been hatched and to get there before they get to us . " Many analysts cited how federal surveillance of phone records could prove useful . "  Think of the Boston Marathon bombings , " said Fran Townsend , a CNN contributor and former Homeland Security adviser to President George W. Bush . Phone records could have proved valuable in tracking the suspects in that terror attack , Townsend said . "  What numbers were they calling ? Who were their associates ? You may find witnesses , " Townsend said . Sen. Saxby Chambliss of Georgia , the Intelligence Committee 's ranking Republican , said the surveillance is nothing new . The gathering of phone records "  has proved meritorious because we have gathered significant information on bad guys and only on bad guys over the years , " he said .	NEW : "  At what point do citizens stand up and say this is the tipping point ? " professor asks NEW : There 's been no "  single other publicly disclosed order " with such far-reaching effects The Obama administration is accused of going too far in using the Patriot Act Section 215 in the law gives FBI "  pretty broad authority , " former U.S. prosecutor says
CNN  -- Does your dog object to vacationing in a cage ? Ca n't count on your brother-in-law to commit to dog-sitting for two weeks ? Now there are home stay websites for four-legged creatures . Frustrated with kennels that keep dogs cooped up and charge extra for petting and walks , the founders of DogVacay.com and Rover.com are connecting dog lovers who want to earn extra cash with travelers who want dog-friendly people to care for their pets close to home while they 're away . DogVacay.com founders Karine and Aaron Hirschhorn loved getting away when they first moved in together but hated taking their dogs to the kennel . "  Every time we traveled , the dogs hated the kennel and came back with kennel cough , " said Karine . And they paid up to $ 120 a day for the privilege . When they took their dogs to a local trainer 's home instead , the animals came back happy and rested . It was as if the dogs had been on vacation , too . So they decided to host dogs with traveling owners in their home . With Aaron Hirschhorn working at home , he had plenty of time to bike and run with the dogs and keep them company . The couple found an incredible demand for their services , which culminated in the launch of DogVacay.com last month . Rover.com launched in Seattle in November and went national this week , attracting over 10,000 people signing up to both host dogs and use the services of dog hosts . Dogvacay.com launched in March and already has had 6,000 people apply to be hosts across the country  1700 have been accepted so far  . Similar to a dating site or Airbnb rental site , hosts fill out detailed profiles about their canine experience , including training , medical certification and licensing qualifications ; the size and dog-friendliness of their homes and any resident dogs or other animals on site . Some hosts specifically will take puppies that are n't ready for their vaccinations yet and others will not take dogs that do n't like children . Customers also fill out detailed profiles of their dogs , behavior issues and medical or other special needs . Fees start at around $ 15 per day for smaller apartments with hosts who are dog lovers to much higher fees for dog trainers with large yards where dogs can roam . Extra services , like a departure day bath , can often be had for an extra fee . Owners can even get photos or videos texts or emails sent to their mobile phones . Rover.com CEO Aaron Easterly , formerly in advertising for Microsoft , would get upset at the thought of Caramel , his 4-pound Pomeranian , getting stressed out before he leaves on a trip . "  Every time I leave town , I 'm in a frantic rush as to what to do with her , " said Easterly , who now uses Rover.com 's services for Caramel . "  When I see how she behaves even temporarily in a cage at the vet or groomer , I would not take her to a kennel . When I take her to someone else 's house , she 's totally excited . The fact I 'm leaving ? She could n't care less . " Now he screens the potential hosts listed on Rover.com near where he lives to pick the best option for his wallet and comfort level . The company also has a bill of rights and a 24-hour hotline  "  Barkline " in the company 's terminology  . DogVacay.com offers a 100 % guarantee that includes insurance and emergency support . Both sites try to screen hosts and customers but agree that host and customer alike must vet their counterpart and feel comfortable with the match . Both sites recommend a meet-n-greet so dog owners and humans and dogs can meet and sniff out the temporary digs . "  Generally mass murderers and animal lovers do n't overlap , " said Karine . "  Part of the phone interview process is making sure this person has truly devoted their life to animals . A lot of our hosts have long histories around animal rescue or trainers or work for shelters . They are known in community as animal lovers . " Customers pay through the sites , which company officials said protects the customer in case of a negative experience . Both sites also only allow customers who have paid for a host 's services to review that host , while Rover.com also allows testimonials from anyone who wants to recommend the host . Dogvacay.com allows the hosts to review their canine guests as well . Rover.com also holds payment for three days after a home-stay has ended to allow the customer to make any complaints before payment is made . A pre-stay visit is a good idea , according to veterinarian Kim Hennessy , because you can see if a dog-sitter keeps a clean house or has too many animals . Owners also want to make sure the other dogs are current on their vaccinations . "  You definitely want to take your dog 's own food with you because a change in food can cause a lot of gastrointestinal distress , " said Hennessy , a Downingtown , Pennsylvania , veterinarian . "  Make sure the dog sitter is knowledgeable about pets and has a fenced in yard that looks very safe . The main thing would be safety of the dog , not being able to escape and its exposure to other dogs . " "  You 'd also want to have a backup vet available . I would actually call the vet and give permission for any major disasters . The vet hospital will  usually  write it down in your chart . " Rover.com , which collects 3-15 % of the charge depending on the host 's reviews and other factors , recently announced that it has raised $ 3.4 million from investors . Dogvacay.com , which collects 3-10 % of the charge , just announced $ 1 million in funding and is on a New York City press tour this week to draw more attention to its New York listings . Would you hire a dog sitter through a site like Rover.com or Dogvacay.com ? Let us know your thoughts below .	DogVacay.com and Rover.com list home stay opportunities for dogs Hosts post profiles of themselves , their living situation and their own pets Costs start at about $ 15 a night and extras like bathing are available in some cases
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- Three independent United Nations human rights experts have accused Iran of torturing confessions from detainees charged with fomenting political unrest , the international organization said Thursday . Iranian opposition suspects cover their faces at a Revolutionary Court hearing in Tehran last week . "  No judicial system can consider as valid a confession obtained as a result of harsh interrogations or under torture , " said Manfred Nowak , who is the U.N. special rapporteur on torture . The treatment of detainees at Iran 's prisons has increasingly become a divisive issue within Iran 's Islamic leadership , as reformists continue to accuse the hardline government of allowing abuse and torture in attempts to coerce false confessions . Iranian officials have denied the allegations . "  These confessions for alleged crimes such as threats against national security and treason must not , under any circumstances , be admitted as evidence by the Revolutionary Court , " said El Hadji Malick Sow , vice chairman of the U.N. 's working group on arbitrary detention . The United Nations , in a news release , said the statements also reflect the position of Margaret Sekaggya , special U.N. rapporteur on the situation of human rights defenders . Iran is conducting a mass trial of about 100 Iranian defendants in its Revolutionary Court . Reformist politicians , lawyers and journalists are among those accused of protesting in an attempt to overturn government leadership . Among the defendants are Seyyed Mohammad Abtahi , a former Iranian vice president ; Maziar Bahari , an Iranian-Canadian reporter for Newsweek magazine ; and Kian Tajbakhsh , an Iranian-American scholar . Street protests and a brutal government crackdown followed the June 12 presidential election , leading to the arrests of more than 1,000 people . The official death toll from the post-election unrest is 30 , although opposition leaders have reportedly said it 's more than twice that figure . On Wednesday , Iran 's influential parliament speaker , Ali Larijani , dismissed allegations by Iran 's opposition that post-election detainees were raped while in custody , according to state-run media . Larijani said that a special panel of Iran 's parliament , or Majlis , conducted a "  precise and comprehensive inquiry " into the treatment at Tehran 's Evin and Kahrizak prisons , and found "  no cases of rape or sexual abuse , " government-funded Press TV reported . A spokesman for Iran 's Foreign Ministry also denied that prisoners had been tortured . "  What kind of talk is this ? There was never any pressure used against these people , " Hassan Qashqavi said Monday , according to the semi-official Mehr news agency . They were responding to accusations made by opposition candidate Mehdi Karrubi who , along with opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi , ran against hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in the June 12 election . Iran 's election authority declared Ahmadinejad the overwhelming winner of the race , sparking hundreds of thousands of Iranians to take to the streets in protest . Iranian opposition figures such as Karrubi have compared the treatment of the detainees to political prisoners abused under the "  oppressing regime " of the Shah of Iran , who was overthrown by the Islamic Revolution in 1979 . In an open letter to former president Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani posted Saturday on his party 's Web site , Karrubi says an "  impartial committee " is needed to "  investigate these tragedies with transparency until they are resolved . " He said he is willing to lead the investigation in a "  truthful , unbiased fashion . " "  Some of the former detainees have told of such brutal and violent , repeated rapes of the young women -LSB- in detention -RSB- that have caused irreparable damage to their reproductive systems , " Karrubi says in the letter . "  Others have raped our detained young men with such brutality that they have been afflicted by depression and are no longer speaking with anyone and refuse to leave the dark corners of their houses . " Larijani on Wednesday challenged Karrubi to "  present evidence of such outrages " for the Majlis to investigate , according to Press TV . Iranian media has reported that Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran 's supreme leader , has ordered one prison , Kahrizak , shut down amid reports it did not measure up to the required standards . Kahrizak 's chief was fired and arrested over allegations of detainee mistreatment , according to local reports Saturday .	3 U.N. human rights experts say government tortured detained protesters Government denies opposition detainees were abused into confessions Iran conducting a trial of about 100 Iranian defendants in its Revolutionary Court 1,000 people arrested , accused of fomenting unrest after June 12 election
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reached an important milestone Wednesday in her quest to pay the debt from her failed 2008 presidential bid : For the first time in eight months , her campaign committee reported having more money in the bank than it owes . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's campaign committee reported owing $ 2.3 million in debt at the end of March . On a day most Americans were preoccupied with filing their federal income taxes , Clinton 's campaign committee filed finance documents with the Federal Election Commission , reporting a total of $ 2.3 million in debts at the end of March , compared with $ 2.6 million in the bank . The nation 's top diplomat has been steadily chipping away at unpaid campaign bills since suspending her White House bid in June 2008 , when her debt peaked at $ 25.2 million . That amount covered $ 12 million owed to vendors , as well as the $ 13.2 million she loaned her campaign from personal funds . Clinton 's campaign was unable to repay that personal loan by the time the Democratic National Convention convened in Denver , Colorado , last August , the deadline mandated by the 2002 McCain-Feingold campaign finance law . The former New York senator was forced to forgive the entire loan amount . Her campaign owed $ 6.4 million to 16 creditors at the end of November ; $ 5.9 million to five creditors at the end of December ; and the current $ 2.3 million owed to just one creditor at the end of March . That creditor is Penn , Schoen & Berland , a political consulting and polling firm that advised Clinton during her presidential bid . The firm 's president , Mark Penn , was Clinton 's senior campaign strategist until he stepped down last April amid revelations that he had lobbied on behalf of Colombia for a U.S.-Colombia trade deal that Clinton opposed . Penn remained involved with the campaign . Earlier this year , Clinton and her supporters raced to pay as much of the debt as possible by the time she was confirmed and sworn in as the nation 's 67th secretary of state on January 21 . As of that date , Clinton became subject to a federal law known as the Hatch Act , which prohibits federal employees from personally soliciting or accepting political contributions . The Hatch Act allows others to keep raising money on Clinton 's behalf , without her direct involvement . This week , longtime Clinton ally James Carville , a CNN contributor , sent a fundraising e-mail to Democrats on behalf of Clinton 's campaign , requesting contributions of as little as $ 5 in exchange for a chance to win one of several prizes , including spending a day with former President Bill Clinton . "  I wo n't spend a lot of time trying to convince you to help Hillary , " Carville e-mailed . "  I know what she means to you , and I 'm sure you know how important it is for her to have her campaign pay off all its obligations . " It 's unclear whether the campaign will use the $ 2.6 million in the bank to clear its $ 2.3 million in debts in the short term . Continued fundraising indicates that it will not . Additional operating expenses and other outlays could emerge . Any extra money from the campaign could be donated to political causes or returned to donors . Clinton 's campaign reported raising $ 938,000 in contributions in the first three months of 2009 . In addition to tapping traditional fundraising , the campaign also generated money by selling or renting various campaign assets to other organizations . It received $ 2.6 million from Clinton 's "  Friends of Hillary " U.S. Senate campaign committee for the sale of unspecified assets and an additional $ 2.2 million from renting out its lists of campaign supporters . Organizations that have rented Clinton 's lists include the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , the inaugural committee of then-President-elect Barack Obama , and the William Jefferson Clinton Foundation . Those organizations each paid $ 274,297 . Clinton 's political action committee , HillPAC , rented the lists for $ 822,492 . Among the Democratic candidates who have rented Clinton 's campaign lists are Arkansas Sen. Blanche Lincoln ; Virginia gubernatorial candidate and former Clinton campaign Chairman Terry McAuliffe ; New York Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , who was appointed to fill Clinton 's seat ; and New York congressional candidate Scott Murphy , who hopes to succeed Gillibrand in the U.S. House .	Hillary Clinton owes $ 2.3 million in campaign debt from failed 2008 presidential bid Her campaign committee reported having $ 2.6 million in bank at end of March Clinton ally James Carville recently sent fundraising e-mail to Democrats
Madrid  CNN  -- It 's a check for $ 2 million , issued to a man with a California driver 's license . And it was found in a subway car in Madrid , police say . "  We have his name . We 're trying to locate this person , " a National Police spokesman in Madrid told CNN on Thursday . "  We wo n't just hand it over . We have to verify that the origin of the money is not illicit , " said the spokesman , who by custom is not identified . The check was issued by Bank of America , and it 's post-dated to January 2014 , the spokesman said . A maintenance worker for Madrid 's Metro , or subway system , found it Wednesday . A train running on line 5 , which roughly traverses the capital from east to west , reported a problem with doors that would n't fully close at the Diego de Leon station . Homeless man turns in $ 40k , gets $ 91k The train was sent to a maintenance yard , following protocol , and a worker who inspected the doors found a brown leather wallet that contained the $ 2 million check , the California driver 's license and some credit cards , a Metro de Madrid spokeswoman said . "  It appears that the wallet was stolen on the Metro , " the spokeswoman said . "  The thief looked inside , grabbed the cash -- but did n't see the check -- and then threw the wallet away . " Usually , these kinds of discarded stolen wallets end up on a station platform . But this one landed in the doorway of a Metro car , preventing it from closing properly , she said . Madrid 's Metro handles an average of 2 million passengers a day , but this is believed to be the first time that one of them was carrying a $ 2 million check , the police spokesman said . Why would someone with such a large check be riding in the subway , instead of in a chauffeured car ? Police would like to ask the owner of the check that question , too , the spokesman said . Police have contacted the U.S. Embassy in Madrid for help in finding the check 's owner , but the embassy had no immediate comment .	A maintenance worker for Madrid 's subway system found the check Wednesday It was in a wallet and made out to a man with a California driver 's license "  It appears that the wallet was stolen on the Metro , " a subway system spokeswoman says "  We have to verify that the origin of the money is not illicit , " a police spokesman says
Washington  CNN  -- Angry members of Congress questioned top administration officials Wednesday on why they were n't asked to authorize President Barack Obama 's decision to commit U.S. forces to the Libya military mission . The question dominated a classified briefing by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Defense Secretary Robert Gates for the U.S. House , according to House members who attended . A separate briefing for the Senate occured shortly afterward . Other issues raised by the legislators included whether the United States intended to arm the Libyan rebels , and the cost of the mission to U.S. taxpayers , participants told CNN . Clinton and Gates made clear that no decision had been made on arming the rebels , with Congress members from both parties saying they believed it would be a bad idea , according to participants . "  I strongly oppose arming rebels because in that complex tribal patchwork that makes up this insurgency , it is very uncoordinated , " Republican Rep. Geoff Davis of Kentucky told CNN , adding that Islamic radicals were joining the Libyan opposition . Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said he wanted to help the rebels , but not with arms . Instead , he called for aerial bombardment of Gadhafi and his inner circle in Tripoli , the Libyan capital , which Graham said would have more impact than sanctions and seizing overseas assets . "  What they would worry about is having their compounds bombed by the most capable air force in the world , " Graham told CNN . On congressional authorization , the White House has said Obama acted within his authority under the War Powers Act , noting that the president and other officials consulted congressional leaders several times in the run-up to the March 19 deployment of U.S. forces to the U.N.-authorized Libya mission . After Wednesday 's briefing , legislators said Clinton told them the administration acted within the requirements of the War Powers Act and needed no congressional authorization for further decisions on the mission . Democratic Rep. Jerrold Nadler of New York called Clinton 's response inadequate . "  Briefing Congress is not the same as authorization , " Nadler told reporters . "  Briefing is nice , but authorization is required under the law . " Other legislators expressed frustration . "  I ca n't think of a time in our nation 's history where we put our men and women in combat like this without an administration of either party coming to the Congress first , " said Republican Rep. Greg Walden of Oregon . He repeated a GOP criticism that the administration worked harder to get NATO and Arab League backing for the Libya mission than congressional support . "  If they had time to consult with the Arab League and they had time to consult with NATO , why in the devil did n't they have time to consult with us ? " Walden said . Davis said the briefing made clear that Congress should n't expect to be asked for authorization in the future . "  The implication was very strong that they saw no need for any authorization at any time regardless of how long this were to continue , " Davis said . Democratic Rep. Norm Dicks , D-Washington , conceded that Congress is rarely satisfied with how any administration consults on such important issues . "  You 'll never hear a congressman say they 've had enough consultation , " Dicks said . He offered some details from the briefing , saying he expected Obama and Gates to use money already budgeted to the Department of Defense this year instead of seeking supplemental funding that would require congressional approval . "  That would be an easier way to do it , " Dicks said . "  If he has to get money through  with a supplemental measure  , that would set off a lot of debate . " Dicks also said the mission had cost about $ 550 million so far , mostly due to the U.S. Tomahawk missiles fired and the loss of one jet fighter . The continuing cost would be about $ 40 million a month , he said . Nadler said Gates convinced him that a massacre in Libya was imminent before the U.S.-led coalition launched airstrikes to enforce a no-fly zone and prevent Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's forces from attacking the rebel stronghold of Benghazi . "  There was considerable evidence " of a pending slaughter , Nadler said . "  That was answered to me satisfactorily . " Nadler also said Gates and Clinton made clear there would be no U.S. ground forces involved in the Libya conflict . Asked if Congress supports the mission , Nadler said he thinks there is "  considerable " support for finishing it now that it 's started , but "  that support will erode if it takes a while . " CNN 's Xuan Thai , Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh , Ted Barrett and Tom Cohen contributed to this report	NEW : Congress members oppose sending arms to Libyan rebels Clinton , Gates give classified briefings to Congress Members challenge the administration on the need for congressional authorization Rep. Nadler : Gates convinced him a slaughter in Libya was imminent
CNN  -- U.S. leaker Edward Snowden did not violate the terms of his asylum in Russia when claims surfaced that a National Security Agency surveillance operation targeted German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's cell phone , a spokesman for President Vladimir Putin told Russian daily newspaper Kommersant . Snowden , a former NSA contractor , was granted asylum in Russia under the condition that he stops harming the United States . But Putin 's spokesman , Dmitry Peskov , is cited by Kommersant in a report published Saturday as saying that the reports published in the German press were not distributed from Russia . Allegations that the NSA monitored Merkel 's cell phone sparked outrage among German leaders . Germany sent a delegation to the White House this week for talks on the matter . European Union lawmakers also visited Washington this week , where they met with National Security Council staffers . Top senator : Obama did n't know of U.S. spying on Germany 's leader Snowden was granted a year 's asylum by Russia in August , after arriving there from Hong Kong in June . Snowden told The New York Times in an interview published last month that he gave all of the classified documents he had obtained to journalists he met in Hong Kong , before flying to Moscow , and did not keep any copies for himself . Lawmaker : Snowden wants to testify in Washington The United States has charged Snowden with espionage and theft of government property . But a German lawmaker who met with Snowden in Moscow on Thursday said that Snowden did not see himself as an "  enemy of America " and that he wants to testify in Washington . Revelations of U.S. spying involving allied leaders and citizens have sparked calls for the United States to roll back its surveillance programs and triggered threats of repercussions . On Wednesday , French Foreign Ministry spokesman Romain Nadal said authorities there have demanded an explanation from the United States about surveillance activities . In Spain , Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy said the nation 's intelligence chief will brief lawmakers about what Spain knows about U.S. activities in a closed-door session in Madrid . Opinion : Germany 's Stasi past looms over NSA spying furor Last week , the European Parliament passed a nonbinding resolution calling for the end to a treaty with the United States allowing for the exchange of some banking data meant to help track terrorist financing . Without providing details , the European Union delegation described its talks as an opportunity to explore "  possible legal remedies for EU citizens " affected by U.S. surveillance . Snowden gets website job in Russia CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	His asylum stands despite claims that the NSA spied in Germany , newspaper reports Putin aide is cited as saying reports in the German press were not distributed from Russia Snowden was granted asylum by Russia under the condition that he stops harming the U.S.
CNN  -- Money , prestige and race are front and center in an ongoing controversy surrounding one of the most expensive prep schools in the country and its former student-body president . Maya Peterson was the first black female student president of The Lawrenceville School , an affluent academy for boarding and day students located in New Jersey . This March , after Peterson mocked her white male classmates on Instagram , she claims she was asked to step down or face disciplinary action . According to reports , Peterson took the first option and resigned under administrative pressure . The Instagram photos that led to Peterson 's ouster are seemingly harmless : Peterson is dressed in stereotypical preppy male clothing , holding a hockey stick and staring straight into the camera . But with added hashtags including " #confederate , " " #romney2016 " and " #peakedinhighschool " some Lawrenceville students thought the pictures were offensive . "  You 're the student body president , and you 're mocking and blatantly insulting a large group of the school 's male population , " one student commented on the photo . Some took it further . On the school 's Facebook alumni page , comments included some visceral personal attacks calling Peterson "  a racist " and one post referring to her has a "  miserable person " and "  spoiled malcontent . " "  The PC policies and diversity for the sake of diversity over the last fifteen years ... have precipitated this sort of event , " one commenter said . Peterson acknowledged her post could make white students uncomfortable . "  Yes , I am making a mockery of the right-wing , confederate-flag hanging , openly misogynistic Lawrentians , " Peterson told BuzzFeed . "  If that 's a large portion of the school 's male population , then I think the issue is not with my bringing attention to it in a lighthearted way , but rather why no one has brought attention to it before . " Peterson could not be reached for comment by CNN as of publication . Posting the Instagram photo was a response to fellow classmates ' concerns regarding her yearbook picture , Peterson told BuzzFeed . In the yearbook photo , she and 10 black friends raised their fists in the classic "  black power " salute . Peterson 's point of view is not unfounded , according to other Lawrenceville graduates . Anthony Smith graduated from The Lawrenceville School in 2007 and recounted several instances of racism on campus , in an e-mail exchange with CNN . In some cases racial slurs were directed at him , he said . "  I was really weirded out by how flippantly  racial slurs  were used , " he said . Other things on campus made him uncomfortable . "  On my way to class and back , I passed by three confederate flags , " Smith said . Smith noted that , to his knowledge , those responsible for the flags were never punished . "  The fact that Maya and friends were reprimanded for throwing up black power signs that made white students uncomfortable but these white students are never , to my knowledge , reprimanded for making black students uncomfortable is the definition of racism . " A school representative declined to comment on the presence of confederate flags on campus . In a statement , The Lawrenceville School said it "  works hard to foster an inclusive , open and engaging atmosphere that gives all students opportunities to be heard , feel respected and succeed . " Prior to the Instagram photo , Peterson was involved in several controversial incidents , according to BuzzFeed . Soon after Peterson 's election , Dean of Students Nancy Thomas told students she had received anonymous photographs that included evidence of marijuana usage and inappropriate tweets by Peterson . As detailed in an article in The Lawrence , the school newspaper , the tweets were found to be fabricated , and Peterson apologized for the drug usage . The yearbook "  salute " and Instagram photo were the final straw . Peterson was ousted as student-body president . CNN confirmed Peterson has since graduated from The Lawrenceville School . "  I understand why I hurt people 's feelings , but I did n't become president to make sure rich white guys had more representation on campus , " she said . "  Let 's be honest . They 're not the ones that feel uncomfortable here . " Other students disagree , and believe The Lawrenceville School serves all its students with integrity . Lindsey Gallinek , a 2012 Lawrenceville alumna now at Wake Forest University , posted a response to the BuzzFeed article titled , "  In response to poor reporting . " "  While I may never know what Maya Peterson endured , I do know that Lawrenceville tried to shape us to be the best people we could be , " she wrote . "  Students were constantly exposed to current events and controversial issues because The Lawrenceville School wanted us to realize that there are still many problems in the world . " Gallinek placed blame with the individual students who broke the school 's honor code , including Peterson . "  While Maya Peterson should not have Instagrammed that photo because she was acting as a leader , the students quoted in the article should not have made such strong statements against her . " Even Smith , the 2007 alumnus who remembers instances of racism on the Lawrenceville campus , wanted to stress the kind nature of some faculty members . Smith , who is openly gay , says that during his time there , staff went out of their way to make sure he felt comfortable . One adviser for the Catholic Students Club added "  that 's so gay " to the swear jar to limit bullying . "  I felt so safe , " Smith said . "  I will never forget that as long as I live . " Even so , he stands with Peterson . "  Being comfortable enough to complain about another student by name in high school is the definition of privilege , " he said . "  I think that students of color at Lawrenceville stood so much more to lose when complaining about prejudice and discomfort than white students did . "	First black , female student president removed for mocking white classmates at NJ prep school Student says she only mocking white , misogynist culture of the school Former student : "  On my way to class and back , I passed by three confederate flags "
London , England  CNN  -- The future of English Premier League club Portsmouth was in doubt Friday after it was forced to go into administration with debts of around $ 90 million . The south coast side are the first Premier League side to call in administrators since the division was formed 18 years ago , fueling a financial boom in English football on the back of lucrative TV rights . "  At 10:20 am today Portsmouth Football Club was placed into administration following the filing of a notice of appointment at the High Court by the chargeholder , Portpin Limited , " the club said in a statement on its Web site . Explainer : What next for Portsmouth ? Being placed in administration means an insolvent company is run by a court-appointed administrator with a view to saving it from liquidation . The administrator will assess the assets held by the company and attempt to reach agreement with creditors . Portsmouth , managed by former Chelsea boss Avram Grant , are already bottom of the table and facing relegation after raising around $ 100 million in player sales before the current season in a bid to reduce their debts . They will now be docked a further nine points , virtually sealing their relegation to English football 's second tier at the end of the season . The club has passed through a succession of owners this season but efforts to find a fifth broke down Tuesday when present owner Balram Chainrai confirmed the club would opt for administration to avert a winding up order from the UK government . At a press conference on Friday the club 's administrator , Andrew Andronikou , confirmed that Portsmouth 's debts were around $ 100 million , but he said he was confident they would not go bust . He also said the Premier League had indicated that Portsmouth may be permitted to sell players outside the transfer window . "  There will be no firesale . We will have to sell one or two players and that is why we are talking to the Premier League , " he said . "  The restructuring starts today and there will be significant cost cutting at all levels . I will be cutting to the bone . " Andronikou also confirmed that Grant had vowed to stay at the club until the end of the season . Portsmouth 's Chief Executive Peter Storrie said it was an "  extremely sad day " but admitted going into administration had "  kept the club alive and given someone an exceptional opportunity to take this great club on with fresh investment . " He also confirmed his intention to step down when a new buyer for the club had been found . Portsmouth 's financial collapse completes a remarkable fall from grace for a side which won the FA Cup in 2008 , the club 's first major honor since winning back-to-back English league titles in 1949 and 1950 . Portsmouth are not the first football club to run into financial problems as a consequence of debts wracked up in pursuit of success on the field . Leeds United went into administration in 2007 , three years after their relegation from the Premier League and six years after the club had reached the semifinals of the Champions League . Leicester City and Portsmouth 's south coast rivals Southampton also went into administration after losing their places in the top division .	English Premier League club Portsmouth went into administration Friday They are the first club to go into administration in Premier League history Portsmouth 's estimated debts estimated to total around $ 90 million South coast club won the English FA Cup in 2008
DNA pioneer James Watson is to sell the Nobel Prize he won for his co-discovery of the double helix structure , the building block of life . The coveted gold medal is expected to go under the hammer for up to $ 3.5 million in a sale at Christie 's in New York on December 4 . It will be the first time a Nobel Prize has been sold by a living recipient . Watson , now 85 , was awarded the medal for work in the field of physiology or medicine alongside fellow scientists Francis Crick and Maurice Wilkins in 1962 . The scientist 's notes for his acceptance speech at the Nobel ceremony in Stockholm and the manuscript of his Nobel lecture are also on offer at the auction . New life engineered with artificial DNA Watson and Crick worked together on the structure of DNA at the University of Cambridge 's Cavendish Laboratory in the early 1950s . "  He was the first person I met who I could really talk to , " Watson said in 2013 . "  I 'd met people , but they did n't share my conviction that only DNA was important . " In 1953 , the pair came to the conclusion that DNA was formed by two twisted strands of molecules , like the rungs of a ladder , holding the iconic double helix structure together . "  All we could say when we got it : It 's so beautiful ! " Watson said . ` DNA was my only gold rush , ' says Watson The discovery , which explained how DNA stores information and how it is replicated , changed biology forever and revolutionized medicine . "  Everything we do since then is more or less based on that structure , " Mario Capecchi , professor of genetics and human biology at the University of Utah and a former graduate student of Watson 's , said last year . Announcing the sale , Christie 's auction house said Watson 's work was "  On a par with Newton , Darwin and Einstein ,  and his  unyielding quest for knowledge led to discoveries that forever altered human history . " The lucrative allure of the double helix Watson says he intends to use part of the money raised by the sale to fund projects at the universities and scientific research institutions he has worked at throughout his career . "  I look forward to making further philanthropic gifts to Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory , the University of Chicago , and Clare College Cambridge , " he said in a statement . He added that the auction would mean he could "  continue to do my part in keeping the academic world an environment where great ideas and decency prevail . " Last year , Francis Crick 's "  Secret of Life " letter to his son , in which he explained the structure of DNA weeks before the discovery was officially announced in the April 1953 edition of the journal Nature , was sold for $ 6.06 million . The world record price -- more than three times its pre-sale estimate -- made it the most expensive letter ever sold at auction . How your DNA can reconstruct history	James Watson , co-discoverer of DNA , to sell Nobel Prize medal he won in 1962 Watson , Francis Crick and Maurice Wilkins won for work on double helix structure Auction will be the first time a Nobel Prize has been sold by a living recipient Gold medal is expected to go under hammer for $ 2.5 million to $ 3.5 million
New York  CNN  -- The mansion and four-acre estate featured in Francis Ford Coppola 's 1972 film "  The Godfather " is up for sale for a whopping $ 2.9 million . Owner Jim Norton said he put the eight-bedroom , five-bathroom Staten Island home on the market after his father recently passed away . The film employed a star-studded cast , including Marlon Brando , Al Pacino and Diane Keaton . Brando played fictional character Vito Corleone , the head of an organized crime family who transfers power to his reluctant son . The film is based on a novel written by Mario Puzo and begins with a scene filmed at the iconic estate , where the aging Corleone accepts requests for favors during the wedding reception of his daughter Connie , played by Talia Shire . The estate features a four-car garage , two fireplaces , an English pub and an in-ground swimming pool , Norton said . His mother collected behind-the-scenes mementos from the film , including pictures and autographs from cast and crew members , he said . Realtor Connie Profaci said the location was suggested by neighbor and co-star Gianni Russo , who played Corleone 's son-in-law in the film . "  His family lived near the home and was familiar with the English Tudor enclave connecting Todt Hill and Emerson Hill , " Profaci said . "  Paramount producer Al Ruddy agreed and the rest was history . "	The mansion featured in the 1972 film "  The Godfather " is for sale Owner Jim Norton put the Staten Island home on the market after his father passed away The cast featured Marlon Brando , Diane Keaton and Al Pacino
CNN  It 's the kind of thing you see in movies , like Robert Redford 's role in "  All Is Lost " or Ang Lee 's "  Life of Pi . " But , in real life , it 's hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days , weeks , if not months and somehow living to talk about it . Miracles do happen , though , and not just in Hollywood . We 're not talking about people who float aimlessly or run aground after running out of gas or being let down by faltering winds only to be picked up a few hours later by the U.S. Coast Guard . Much rarer are cases in which individuals become lost at sea long enough that they run out of whatever food and drinking water they 'd brought aboard , if any . In order to survive , they ca n't bank on technology or the proximity of a nearby city , town or boat -- but instead must rely on ingenuity , resourcefulness and luck . It 's hard to say how many of these types of stories end sadly , with a sailor dying at sea , except that it is a much higher number than those that end in rescues . Such happy endings do occur -- given what rescue agencies have reported and assuming you believe what any sole survivor says , a big qualifier since typically no one else can prove or refute their accounts . Below are a few recent examples : Louis Jordan says that he set off on his 35-foot sailboat from South Carolina in late January . He headed into the Gulf Stream looking for a good spot to catch fish . And then everything -- his boat , his life -- turned upside down . Rescued man says he is ` utterly thankful ' Not only did his boat capsize , but its mast broke , Jordan said . And so , too , did his shoulder . He bought time by rationing water , then collecting fresh water in a bucket . As to food , Jordan says he used laundry to trap and scoop up fish . And he rigged a makeshift mast and sail . But , Jordan said , "  It took so long . It moved so slowly . " His sailboat would capsize two more times before crew members on a German-flagged container ship , the Houston Express , spotted Jordan about 200 miles off the North Carolina coast on Thursday . After their reunion , his father greeted him with a hug and an admission every parent dreads . "  I thought I lost you . " Jose Salvador Alvarenga says his journey began in Paredon Viejo , a port on Mexico 's Pacific coast , in late 2012 . The exact date is up for debate -- he says he set off in December , locals say it was November . But what 's not in doubt is that , after he left , he disappeared . Until January 2013 . That 's when Alvarenga interacted with humans once again , thousands of miles away on a remote atoll in the Marshall Islands . Castaway recounts how he survived over a year adrift in Pacific What was supposed to be a one-day trip , he says , turned into an arduous odyssey across the Pacific Ocean , one that saw him lose his fishing companion and tested his will and ability to survive . His nightmare began when winds blew the pair off course . Then a storm hit causing their boat , which was about three people long and one wide , to lose its engine and use of its radio communication and GPS systems . Four weeks in , Alvarenga said his partner -- 23-year-old Ezequiel Cordova , according to the boat 's owner -- died because he refused to eat raw birds . The days , weeks and months ran together after that . Alvarenga says he drank rainwater and , when there was n't any available , his own urine . He ate sea turtles . Then , after 13 or 14 months adrift , he and his small , heavily damaged boat arrived on the Ebon Atoll , about a 22-hour boat ride from the Marshall Islands capital of Majuro . The atoll has one phone line , no Internet service and a few residents , two of whom Alvarenga spotted and shouted to after spending a night in the woods . The El Salvador native told CNN that his faith in God helped him survive . "  I thought , ' I am going to get out , " he said . "  Get out , get out , get out . " Some in their late 60s might relax in their retirement , reining it in a few notches as life slows down . And if you live in Hawaii , there 's even more reason to take it easy . The thing is : Ron Ingraham is n't one of those people . He 's a fisherman . The sea is both his life and livelihood , his son , Zakary , told CNN . And he 's tough , with his son jokingly comparing him to Rambo . Still , even the hardiest fishermen would have been tested by what Ron Ingraham went through after setting off around last Thanksgiving solo from the Hawaiian island of Molokai . Son vindicated as father rescued after 12 days at sea After bad weather hit , Ron Ingraham told CNN affiliate KHNL/KGMB that his 25-foot sailboat went "  backwards all night long . " At one point , a huge wave struck -- pushing his mast into the water and him as well . The 67-year-old used a rope to pull himself back in . But his boat could n't be rescued so easily , leaving him at the mercy of the current . A distress call went out , prompting a search that would cover 12,000 square miles . When a Coast Guard official told him the search was being called off December 1 , Zakary Ingraham responded , "  I do n't feel like he 's dead . I do n't feel it . " He was right . Twelve days after that first distress call , Ron Ingraham was picked up about 64 miles  103 kilometers  south of Honolulu "  weak , hungry and dehydrated " and -- most importantly -- alive . The veteran fisherman headed back to shore only after getting assurances his damaged boat would come with him . In February 2012 , two friends asked 18-year-old Adrian Vasquez whether he wanted to tag along on an overnight fishing expedition . He said yes , and the three set off from the Panama town of San Carlos on a small boat , Vasquez 's mother , Nilsa de la Cruz , recalled . Things started out well , by all accounts . The three caught plenty of fish . Then , their boat 's engine died without warning . And , with no tools and scant navigational experience , the trio did n't know what to do , according to Vasquez 's mother . Mother calls Panama teen 's return ' a miracle ' Vazquez ate raw fish and drank rainwater as currents swept his boat , the Fifty Cents , further and further from the coast and into the Pacific Ocean . Somewhere along the way , his two companions died . It 's not clear exactly how , with Ecuadorian Rear . Adm. Freddy Garcia Calle saying Vasquez threw their bodies into the sea "  because they had become badly decomposed . " Some 26 days after and nearly 600 miles away from where the journey began , fishermen spotted the tiny vessel north of the Galapagos Islands . The Ecuadorian navy came in and picked up the teenage survivor , who 'd lost 20 pounds and showed "  severe signs of dehydration and lack of nutrition , " according to Calle . He returned home to loved ones eager to embrace him , but mindful of giving him time to process the ordeal . "  For us , this is an opportunity to get closer as a family , " his mother said by phone , "  to be more understanding and loving . " Sometimes one does n't have to be in the ocean for weeks to have his or her life imperiled . Sometimes people do n't have to set off by boat to have the sea challenge them to the end . For proof , look no further than Hiromitsu Shinkawa . 60-year-old man waves red flag to alert rescuers He was at home on March 11 , 2011 , when a massive 9.0 magnitude earthquake struck 231 miles northeast of Tokyo . A devastating tsunami followed , its 30-foot waves ravaging cities and towns and damaging several nuclear reactors . By the time it had run the course , nearly 16,000 people were dead . It 's a miracle Shinkawa was n't one of them . Shortly after the quake , he and his wife had gone to collect some belongings when the tsunami slammed their hometown of Minamisoma . His home was one of the tens of thousands destroyed by the the huge , powerful tsunami wave . "  I was saved by holding onto the roof , " the 60-year-old said , according to Kyodo News Agency . "  But my wife was swept away . ' More than two days later , video showed Shinkawa barely visible amid heaps of splintered wood , shattered homes and other debris floating more than nine miles  15 kilometers  out to sea . He was waving a self-made red flag . After being spotted by crew aboard a Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force destroyer and picked up in a smaller rescue boat , he took a drink offered to him and burst into tears , Kyodo reported . Shinkawa told his rescuers , "  I thought today was the last day of my life . "	A South Carolina man says he spent 66 days alone at sea before being rescued Other sole survivor stories include a Japanese man washed away by a tsunami An El Salvador man says he drifted from Mexico to Marshall Islands over a year
CNN  -- It was n't the best day for Trekkers . After a successful online campaign that propelled "  Vulcan " - the most well-known planet from "  Star Trek " - to the top of a poll to name two moons orbiting Pluto , fans found out on Tuesday that the moons would be named "  Kerberos " and "  Styx "  which placed second and third  instead . The SETI Institute explained that despite the popularity of "  Vulcan "  in large part due to a Twitter campaign by "  Trek 's " own William Shatner and endorsed by castmate Leonard Nimoy  , the name was not new to the world of astronomy . "  The  International Astronomical Union  gave serious consideration to this name , which happens to be shared by the Roman god of volcanoes , " SETI stated in a press release . "  However , because that name has already been used in astronomy , and because the Roman god is not closely associated with Pluto , this proposal was rejected . "  IAU rules state that the moons must be named after characters from the underworld of Greek or Roman mythology . The name was given to a hypothetical planet , which was believed to exist near Mercury , but that theory has since been discredited . Shatner made no bones about his displeasure with the decision on his Twitter feed . "  I 'm sad , " he tweeted . "  So they name a moon Kerebus because there 's already a Cerebus asteroid but a mythological planet knocks out Vulcan ? " He went on , "  Star Trek fans have had it rough . First JJ  Abrams  blows up Vulcan and now SETI finds a loophole to deny it from coming back ! " Whose tech is better : ` Star Trek ' or ` Star Wars ' ? He also said , "  I think they used us for promotional purposes ! They 're probably Star Wars fans ! " "  Are you out of your Vulcan mind ?! " tweeted Nicole Motillaro . "  My poor Pluto does n't get its Vulcan moon . " However , others cheered the decision . "  Hurray for the preservation of astronomical history ! " wrote astronomer Mike Brown , who is so famous for helping to downgrade Pluto below planetary status that he goes by @plutokiller on Twitter . In the meantime , the members of the band Styx were positively giddy . "  Styx is proud to accept this new heavenly chart position as we add orbiting Pluto to our ever expanding touring map , " guitarist and songwriter Tommy Shaw told Ultimateclassicrock.com . "  As always we have our fans to thank for it and I predict a new Styx T-shirt in the making ! " So there must certainly be mixed feelings for those who enjoy "  The Trouble with Tribbles " and "  Mr. Roboto " equally . Shields up ! Scientists work to produce ` Star Trek ' deflector	The SETI institute named two moons orbiting Pluto ` Kerberos ' and ` Styx ' Despite winning online poll , the name ` Vulcan ' was not chosen ` Star Trek 's ' William Shatner professed outrage at the decision on Twitter The band Styx , however , was delighted with the news
CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama does not foresee a scenario of "  American boots on the ground in Syria , " telling reporters Friday that it would not be good for the United States or for that county . "  As a general rule , I do n't rule things out as commander-in-chief because circumstances change , " Obama said during a joint news conference with President Laura Chinchilla of Costa Rica , where the president stopped during a three-day visit to the region . " ... Having said that , I do not foresee a scenario in which boots on the ground in Syria , American boots on the ground in Syria , would be good for America or be good for Syria . " Obama said he has consulted with leaders in the region , who want to see stability return to Syria , and "  they agree with that assessment . " Even so , the president said that if the United States confirms the use of chemical weapons by the Syrian government against its people , "  that 's a game changer for us . " He did not elaborate on what steps would be taken , repeating as he has said previously that the United States would wait until it has more details of evidence of chemical weapons use in Syria before making any decision on whether to alter strategy . "  We have evidence that chemical weapons have been used . We do n't know when , where or how they were used , " Obama said . But in recent days , the Pentagon has stepped up planning for potential military intervention in Syria , which would most likely include the use of fighter jets and cruise missiles , two administration officials , who were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly , told CNN . For now , Obama said , the United States is continuing its investigation , and working with its Middle East and European allies . The president 's comments follow a number of claims in recent weeks that the Syrian government has used chemical weapons against its people in a more than 2-year-old civil war . The United Nations estimates some 70,000 people have died in the fighting . Syria had denied the use of chemical weapons , accusing the United States of manipulating evidence to pressure President Bashar al-Assad to step down . Obama has been under fire by some in the United States , including U.S. Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , for not taking a tougher stand with Syria . The president said the United States is "  not waiting . " "  We are not standing by , " he said , adding that the United States has been the largest contributor of humanitarian aid and nonlethal aid to the opposition . "  We are actively engaged on a day-to-day basis to deal with this crisis to restore a Syria that is respectful of the rights and aspirations of the Syrian people . " In addition to Syria 's possible use of chemical weapons against rebels , another concern is that parts of the government 's stockpile of chemical weapons -- which analysts believe is one of the world 's largest and includes sarin , mustard and VX gases -- could end up , if they have n't already , in others ' hands . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : "  As a general rule , I do n't rule things out as commander-in-chief , " president says Obama says he has discussed the issue with leaders in the region and they agree He says there is evidence of chemical weapons use in Syria "  We do n't know when , where or how they were used , " the president says
Paris  CNN  -- Daniel Ek founded the music-streaming service Spotify in his native Sweden in 2006 and launched it to the public two years later . The service now has more than 10 million users in 12 countries . It launched in the United States in July and recently announced a platform for third-party apps , allowing outside developers to build new social features into the service . Ek is one of the speakers at Le Web , one of Europe 's largest tech conferences . He spoke to CNN ahead of his talk Friday . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : You recently announced you were opening up Spotify to outside developers . Are you hoping that Spotify will become an online music hangout ? Daniel Ek : Yes . Look , the way we think about it is that there are 500 million people right now that listen to music online , and out of those 500 million the vast majority of people listen illegally . We just feel that what is missing right now is sort of music across the Web . The other thing we realized is that music is something that is deeply personal to people and curating that experience is definitely a personal experience . We felt that there were so many places around the Web where people were doing a good job curating music , but you could n't actually hear it . So we felt that what we added to the table was really powering music to all these great experiences . CNN : So what other mid - to long-term plans do you have for Spotify ? Where do you see it in five , maybe 10 years ? Ek : We kind of look at music as something very natural in people 's lives . I mean , most of us can relate to music in some sort of shape and form , and if you think about it , most of us remember the first time we kissed someone , what kind of music was playing or the song that was playing on our friend 's birthday . We believe that music should be like water . It should just exist everywhere so if you think about that for a moment . What we are really trying to do  is  making music more accessible . We want music to be everywhere and in every device , in every place . It really does n't matter where in the world that is or on what device that is or what I 'm doing . I should always have music accessible . CNN : How do you think the Facebook integration is working out ? You can see users ' Spotify choices showing up next to their updates . How is that working out ? Ek : The most important thing in converting people from pirate users to legal users has been to get them to engage more in music . And Facebook really helps us with that . We find that our users who are social share a lot more playlists with their friends , and that also means that they are discovering a lot more music , and the more music they are discovering the better it is because they keep coming back to Spotify . But they are also a lot more likely to pay , so I would say that we are incredibly aligned with Facebook in that we want people to engage more . And so far it has been a great partnership . CNN : Has there been any privacy backlash over that sharing ? Ek : The way I look at this is every time Facebook has done something historically there has always been a great debate about privacy . But what normally happens is after a few weeks everyone kind of says , "  OK , well , actually this is pretty cool and this is what I wanted . " We take people 's privacy very , very seriously . Shortly after releasing the first clients , we had a lot of users that said , "  Hey , I want the opportunity to turn this off at different times , " and what was so interesting about that process was that we asked our community . I was actually tweeting with our users , and they were the ones that suggested to us that we add this private listening mode that we now have . So our users suggested that and were very specific with "  this is how we think it should work " and we took that very seriously and implemented it within 48 hours . CNN : Do you see yourself on a crusade to save the music industry ? Ek : I do n't think we see ourselves as the savior of the music industry . We are passionate about making it so that users enjoy the music that they want to enjoy but at the same time fairly compensates artists . That 's not the same as saving the music industry . CNN : How much support do you receive from the record labels in your quest to do that ? Ek : Again , this has been a big change . Not for us , but for the entire music industry . Music has moved from being about ownership to being about access , and I think that any major change and a disruption in an industry takes time . But we have great relationships with all of our label partners . And we feel that we are going from strength to strength , and I think our user numbers are showing that but also the fact that we have now , in a very short period of time , become the second-largest income stream for all the music industry in Europe in just shy of three years . CNN : What kind of feedback have you personally gotten from musicians that you 've met ? Ek : A lot of them are real excited . They just want to know how they can market themselves better with Spotify . They want to figure out , "  How do I get as many people as possible to hear my music ? " And the interesting thing with Spotify is that it is entirely democratic because we do n't promote a single artist or do anything else . Actually , the only thing we have here is we have apps now that help curate . Spotify itself does nothing to promote a particular type of music . Thereby , my advice to artists is very simple : "  Make the best music you can and people will share it . " It 's really that simple . CNN : And what about you yourself ? How do you consume music ? Ek : It 's actually funny because I have two -- I probably should n't even admit this -- but I have two listening modes . One is obviously Spotify , but I 've started becoming a bit of a vinyl buff so I actually listen to vinyl . There is something warm , and I just really enjoy vinyl . So I tend to buy a lot of vinyl records . I like it for the artwork but also for the warmness in sound . CNN : What kind of music ? What are your music preferences ? Ek : I listen to jazz , pop , rock , R&B . It really does n't matter to me . So it 's often easier to talk about specific artists that I listen to right now . And right now I listen to an Israeli artist called Yael Naim , which I know is pretty odd , but I discovered here through some Israeli who was living in London and listening to Spotify and thereafter I have fallen in love with her . There is a pretty cool cover of the Britney Spears song "  Toxic . "	Streaming-music service Spotify has more than 10 million users in 12 countries Founder Daniel Ek sits down for CNN interview before Le Web conference Ek says Spotify is trying to turn 500 million people into legal music users "  We believe that music should be like water . It should just exist everywhere , " Ek says
CNN  -- The dramatic developments in Gaza over the past three days have driven Arab citizens to the streets , where they have displayed anger directed first and foremost at their own governments . A Yemeni protester rips through an Israeli flag in the capital , Sanaa , on Sunday , December 28 . In Yemen , thousands of demonstrators gathered in the capital , Sanaa , shouting slogans in support of Gaza and its residents and burning Israeli and U.S. flags . They cried out against the League of Arab States , which delayed discussion on the crisis . One demonstrator told the Al-Jazeera network , "  The Arab League is worthless . ... They 're all worthless leaders , and they should all go home . " Al-Jazeera is based in Doha , Qatar . Israel has been conducting airstrikes in Gaza for three days , in what they say is retaliation for repeated rocket attacks into southern Israel by Hamas . Hundreds of people have died , mostly Hamas militants , according to Palestinian security forces . In Sudan , the scene was similar . A woman wearing a Hamas banner around her forehead told Al-Manar TV , "  Where are the Arab leaders ? Where are their actions ? Enough condemnation and finger-pointing . Show Gaza your support . " Students at the University of Qatar boycotted their classes and demonstrated their support for Gaza . Watch a report from CNN 's Octavia Nasr " One student spoke about what he saw as his moral responsibility : "  Our ancestors claimed that the news about the Palestinian disaster reached them late in 1948 . We have a responsibility to our children and the future generations . We ca n't tell them we heard about the Gaza disaster of 2008 but did n't do anything . " Jordan 's parliament held a special session in solidarity with Gaza . But one parliamentarian defied the speaker 's orders and burned the Israeli flag before stepping on it in the middle of applause from some of his colleagues . The images played repeatedly on Arab media . Egypt has been the recipient of much criticism in this crisis . Hamas supporters say Egypt has sold the Palestinians out by being too close and friendly with Israel and the United States . From Egypt , political analysts retaliated , blaming Hamas for ending the Egyptian-brokered cease-fire , thus inviting the Israeli airstrikes . One expert speaking to the Dubai-based Al-Arabiya blamed Hamas for "  presenting Gazans on a silver plate to the Israeli monster . " He then blamed Syria and Iran for not taking military action to stop the bloodshed in Gaza .	In Yemen , thousands of people demonstrate in capital city of Sanaa Citizens of Sudan also protest Israeli airstrikes in Gaza Students at University of Qatar boycott their classes in support of Gaza Some Arabs blame Egypt , saying it 's too cozy with Israel and the United States
CNN  -- With his nine special-needs children in his house and one of them with him in the master bedroom , a Florida man was on his knees when an armed intruder shot him in the face , then fired twice more after the victim had fallen face down on the floor , a medical examiner said Wednesday . Byrd Billings died execution-style the night of July 9 , 2009 , as did his wife , Melanie , after a band of people dressed as ninjas broke into their Beulah , Florida , home . Prosecutors say Leonard Gonzalez Jr. , 35 , led six other men into the house looking to steal an expected $ 13 million and personally killed the defenseless couple . Dr. Andrea Minyard testified Wednesday , the second day of Gonzalez 's first-degree murder trial in Escambia County Circuit Court in Pensacola . She pinned needles on human-sized dummies to show how nine bullets hit the Billings ' couple . Video footage aired earlier in the trial showed a masked , armed man hovering over a shirtless Byrd Billings in the palatial home 's living room shooting a shirtless Byrd Billings twice , with one shot in each leg . Frederick Thornton -- part of the group who testified after pleading guilty to second-degree murder -- fingered Gonzalez as the man who fired the shots , then led the couple into the first-floor bedroom . After shooting Byrd Billings the first time , Gonzalez said "  where 's the money at , and he told him to get up , " said Thornton , 20 . Defense attorneys dispute Thornton 's assertion , claiming he 's not a credible witness and saying another masked man fired the shots . The Billingses had 16 cameras around their home , set up to keep tabs on the nine special-needs children for whom they cared . There was no camera in the master bedroom , but prosecution witnesses Wednesday cited DNA tests as showing that Gonzalez likely handled the rifle used in the fatal shootings . One of the videos aired in court Tuesday shows the scene from one girl 's bedroom as a red van packed with people arrives outside the house . The girl gets up out of bed as the masked men enter the house , then hides under the covers pretending to sleep after hearing the commotion nearby . The team had started , then called off , an armed invasion at the home on July 4 . Before the second try , Rakeem Florence -- who , like Thornton , plead guilty to second-degree murder for his role and testified for the prosecution -- said there was no mention anyone would be killed until he overheard Gonzalez minutes before they went to the house . "  He said he was going to kill somebody , " Florence , now 18 , said of Gonzalez . Florence and Thornton claimed Gonzalez captained the scheme , leading pre-invasion meetings , supplying the firearms and all-black clothing , and ordering they destroy the clothing afterward . Florence testified that he was told the plotters were trying to get laundered cash believed to be in a safe at the house , as the Billings family was "  washing money from the Mexican mafia . " Defense attorneys for Gonzalez questioned the credibility of the two witnesses , since they are related  Florence is the father of a child born to Thornton 's sister  and had changed the stories they told their family and police , saying they had "  practiced lying . " Also Wednesday , the jury of 11 women and two men saw prosecutors try to establish the guns used in the crime , as well as see the safe taken from the Billings ' home . Prosecutors say a small safe containing prescription medication , family documents and some jewelry was later was found in the backyard of a woman who said she was a friend of Gonzalez , authorities said . Two sources familiar with the investigation told CNN that a second safe at the home contained at least $ 100,000 . The defendant 's wife , Tabitha Gonzalez , testified Tuesday that the family 's business , a karate school , had gone under . Byrd Billings had even donated $ 5,000 to the Gonzalez 's school . Prosecutors argue this indicates that financial gain was Leonard Gonzalez 's overriding motive in the armed invasion . "  He was so broke ... that his mother had to buy him a car , which turned out to be a big red van that was used in the murders , " prosecutor Bill Eddins said in his opening statements of Gonzalez , who had six children with Tabitha . Of the eight people arrested in the case , seven males faced charges of murder and home invasion robbery . Two of them have already pleaded guilty to second-degree murder charges . The woman is accused of being an accessory after the fact . The remaining males , including a 16-year-old charged as an adult , have pleaded not guilty to the charges . If convicted , Gonzalez could be sentenced to death . In Session 's Jean Casarez and Nancy Leung contributed to this report .	Medical examiner claims Florida man was shot twice when he was face down Byrd and Melanie Billings died after masked invaders fired nine bullets at them Two men involved in invasion say Leonard Gonzalez Jr. was ringleader , shooter Florida couple known for caring for special-needs kids were shot and killed in 2009
Washington  CNN  In the end , as it always has been with Mitt Romney , it was about the data . Three weeks to the day since he informed a group of Republican financiers in New York that he was serious about a third presidential bid , Romney on Friday finally pulled the plug on his long and sometimes agonizing political career , telling supporters that he would not mount a third bid for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 . Mitt Romney will not run in 2016 "  He decided he could be the nominee , " said Tagg Romney , the oldest of Romney 's five sons . "  The fear was that in order to get there it was going to be so hard fought that he could not emerge from a position of strength . " The family , he explained , "  all said we would support him , although none of us was looking forward to the process . But no one said we wo n't go through this . " Romney 's decision to forgo a run , made over the weekend in consultation with his family , came on the heels of what associates described as "  frank " and "  clinical " strategy session with his closest advisers in Boston last Friday at the offices of Solamere Capital , the financial firm run by Tagg Romney and Spencer Zwick , Romney 's top fundraiser . Romney 's announcement also came two days after David Kochel , one of Romney 's closest confidantes since his days as Massachusetts governor , announced that he would join the likely campaign of Jeb Bush , Romney 's top rival for support in the Republican establishment . At the Boston meeting last week , Romney 's brain trust gave him a clear-eyed assessment of his chances in 2016 , with some aides chiming in via conference call . "  It was n't pandering and persuasion , " said one person on the call . "  It was , ` Here 's the data . ' " Mitt Romney exit widens path for Jeb Bush Ever since Romney trial-ballooned his campaign at the office of Republican bundler Woody Johnson earlier this month , his donor network had grown lukewarm to the idea , his former staffers had started accepting offers with other potential candidates , and the media consensus about "  Romney 3.0 " had teetered somewhere between skepticism and ridicule . Some of his closest longtime associates , including Boston-based advisers Eric Fehrnstrom and Peter Flaherty , were pushing him to run . His wife Ann was also supportive , sources told CNN , though anxious about putting themselves through the grueling process of a national campaign once again . And one source close to the family says that a donor -- on his own -- did some "  in-depth private polling and the results were shocking " about how strong Romney was running . Others in his camp expressed wariness of another campaign against a much stronger field than the cast of gadflies , flameouts and polarizing conservatives that Romney faced in 2012 . Romney was told that while his old grassroots supporters and field organizers in early states like Iowa and New Hampshire maintained deep respect for him , they were not enthused about a third campaign . Perhaps more frustrating for a businessman who prided himself on the formidable financial network he built in 2012 , Romney learned that Bush , who had jumped into the presidential fray quickly in early January , was quickly siphoning away his support among top donors and was winning the early battle for GOP establishment money . In almost every big donor state , Bush was securing commitments from bundlers who once ponied up for Romney . Tagg Romney : I 'm both ` sad and relieved ' at dad 's decision Still , his team , ever loyal to the man they affectionately called "  the Guv , " were in agreement that they would make it work if he wanted to gas up the Rambler for one more ride . "  The takeaway was , there is enough wood here to build a fire , " said another close Romney adviser who joined the meeting . "  We thought it was was possible . But it would be hard . Last time we had all the winds at our back and this would have been difficult , but absolutely doable . Look , if people like Rick Santorum can get in , then it 's a no brainer that the governor could have done it , and done it well . " Said the adviser : "  The polls had him up . That was residual name ID . But he ca n't carry that for a year . It would have been a fight . " At the Friday meeting , aides were given assignments to start pulling together operational plans . Advisers also concluded that it would be smart to launch some kind of political action committee to begin raising money and send a message to donors that his interest was more than just a Hamlet act . "  People said , ` We have to get ready to take the next step , ' " said one adviser . "  If he is not ready to run , we need to announce a committee , because we have to start raising money and sending a message to people . " But when there was no follow-up from Romney this week , people began to wonder if he might be pulling back . According to Tagg Romney , his father came to the conclusion that he was "  unlikely " to enter the race that weekend , but wanted to sit on the decision for a few days . 3 clues from Romney 's day in Mississippi that he was n't going to run Many of Romney 's supporters say his decision to opt out by no means takes him out of the race entirely . Longtime Romney adviser Ron Kaufman said that Romney believes "  the best role for him is to help formulate the message and help the winner of the primary process deliver that message . " "  I think he came to the conclusion that while yes , he can win the primary , yes , he can raise the dough , perhaps he can beat Mrs. Clinton , there 's an easier path to winning the presidency if Mitt does n't get involved but stays above it as the most popular Republican in the country , " Kaufman said . But Jim Merrill , Romney 's top New Hampshire strategist , said the governor had arrived at the conclusion that it was time to step aside and let others take up the party mantle . "  I think having run before , he understands how grueling it is . He knows it would be a challenging primary . Knowing what we went through in 2012 , I think he decided it was time for other voices to be heard . " Romney mentioned the need for other voices to be heard in the bowing-out statement he read to supporters on a conference call Friday . But implicit in his words was a critique of Bush , not exactly the new face Romney was describing as his preferred nominee . "  I believe that one of our next generation of Republican leaders , one who may not be as well known as I am today , one who has not yet taken their message across the country , one who is just getting started , may well emerge as being better able to defeat the Democrat nominee , " Romney said . "  In fact , I expect and hope that to be the case . " Romney and Bush have a cordial relationship but are not close . Romney 's advisers have said that the 2012 nominee is skeptical that the mild-mannered Bush , who last ran for political office almost a decade ago , is ready for the grindhouse of a modern campaign and the media scrutiny that comes with it . Still , it was Bush who outmaneuvered Romney in the early stages of the so-called "  invisible primary , " lining up donors and well-regarded staff talent with haste . His hire of David Kochel , formerly Romney 's top strategist in Iowa , blindsided Romney this week . Bush 's swift behind-the-scenes maneuvering , which his advisers have described as a "  shock and awe " strategy , rattled Romney once he caught wind of it in early January . The Bush activity prompted Romney to announce his interest in the race three weeks ago and "  freeze " donors in place as he thought through the practicalities of another campaign . But it became clear that many of his former financial supporters and staffers were not only moving to Bush , but also other candidates vying for mainstream Republican support , including New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker . Romney 's decision to pull back on a campaign gives renewed life to all of them , said James McCray , a Republican fundraiser . "  With Romney out , the field is back open and it emboldens other candidates who are trying to be the anti-Jeb , " he said . "  Who is going to be the alternative to Jeb Bush and Rand Paul on the right ? "	Romney made decision not to run last Sunday He did n't inform many advisers until Thursday night
CNN  -- The Lonely Island is n't quite so lonely these days . Even though its members -- Andy Samberg , Jorma Taccone , and Akiva Schaffer -- are often apart because they live on different coasts , they 're still united in the studio as well as a series of Wack Wednesday videos -- seriously , how many artists drop a video for just about every song on the album anymore ? They also have a bevy of guest stars to keep them company on the tracks , in the clips , and in televised performances  check out Alanis Morissette covering Solange 's part on "  Semicolon " -- which is , as they say , ironic  . The band 's latest release , "  The Wack Album , " out this week , features not only Robyn  "  Go Kindergarten , " with Paul Rudd and Diddy weighing in on the video  and Pharrell  "  Hugs "  , but also Hugh Jackman and Kristen Wiig  "  You Got the Look "  and Green Day 's Billie Joe Armstrong  "  I Run NYC "  . And that 's not counting the guest stars who turned out for the video of "  Spring Break Anthem , " in which Zack Galifanakis , James Franco , and Ed Norton gamely step up and make a gay marriage statement with their Lonely Island lovers . And yet , the guys still lament not being able to fit more friends in . But as Samberg said , laughing , "  There 's only so many spots on one fake rap album ! " And there was one icon he really wanted . "  Sheila E. would be the s ** t , " he enthused . "  I saw her at the Forum , and she was awesome . She 's on the wish list . " The group 's previous albums , "  Incredibad " and "  Turtleneck & Chain , " were enriched by access to "  Saturday Night Live " guest stars . These days , scheduling is a bit trickier . "  When we made albums in the past , " Samberg said , "  it was n't always because someone was on the show when we asked them , but in their minds , they were like , ` There 's a chance this is for the show . ' People came to ` SNL , ' and we plugged them into songs . " "  They just walked into our office , " Schaffer said , "  and it was easier to get everything done . Now we may get a yes just as fast , but there 's logistics to consider : ` OK , but where are you ? ' " So for the new album , some participants were recorded in New York  such as Solange and Kendrick Lamar , who guests on "  YOLO " with Adam Levine  , some in Los Angeles  Pharrell and Too Short , who guests on "  The Compliments "  , and some on Skype . Jackman , who was in the middle of doing press for a film , accommodated the guys during his promotional junket . "  We rented a room adjacent to the hotel room he was doing it in , and we had an engineer there , and I was on Skype , " Samberg said . "  He just walked in , and I watched him record for a good 45 minutes to an hour . He did a bunch of great takes , and then he asked if there was anything else I needed -- and there was not . It was great . It was Jean Valjean meets Cameo . " How comfortable the guests get with being raunchy or silly also plays a part in the recording , Schaffer said . "  We 're very conscious of the different personalities , if someone does n't want to curse as much , or if someone does n't want to play with their image too much , " he said . "  Hugh Jackman was very comfortable , but sometimes people will be like , ` Yeah , I 'm not that comfortable . ' It helps to be given parameters . " Sometimes a guest 's point of view may shift a bit . Michael Bolton , for instance , at first asked the group to give him something "  even crazier " than what they originally came up with for "  Jack Sparrow . " Then he passed on that version , deciding it had become "  too filthy . " But later , he added his own F-words to a separate digital short . "  We were like , ` Dude ! Totally ! ' " Taccone said . "  And now there 's a Michael Bolton character that only exists in the world of our videos , " Samberg said . To make it easier on some guests , Samberg will sing a temp vocal track , doing both the highs and the lows , "  so they can hear an almost finished version , " Samberg said . "  Then , somebody like Solange , she did her own countermelodies , " Taccone added . "  They come in with harmonies , and the talent , " Samberg said . With rappers , however , the Lonely Island guys are less likely to write a verse until they know who will be doing the part , and even then , they invite them to rewrite it . "  For rappers , " Schaffer said , "  we 'll leave open which bars of music they 're going to do , and give them bullet points of joke ideas that they can put into their own words . We want the rapper to feel like himself , and not like he 's doing someone else 's lyric . " "  It has to be in their voice , " Samberg said . "  The style is so specific . " Soon the guys will start to juggle their nonmusical projects with the idea of a Lonely Island tour . Taccone , who co-wrote and directed the film "  MacGruber , " will be locking himself in a room with Will Forte and writing partner John Solomon to get to work on a script for "  MacGruber 2 . " And Samberg will soon be decamping to Los Angeles to start shooting his new television comedy , "  Brooklyn Nine-Nine . " "  Other than ` Girls ' and '30 Rock , ' " he noted , "  I defy you to name a show set in New York that does n't shoot in LA ! I wish we could have shot it in Brooklyn -- I still love New York . But the irony of television production knoweth no bounds . " Speaking of "  Girls , " will Taccone -- who played Marnie 's lover Booth Jonathan -- be back for another round , since the HBO comedy is shooting its third season this summer in Brooklyn ? "  Dude , if you talk to Lena  Dunham  , tell her I 'm totally down ! " Taccone pleaded . "  Maybe they can squeeze me in . But I do n't know what more you can see of me on that show -- except for the front part , and nobody wants to see that . "	` SNL ' star Andy Samberg and two friends started The Lonely Island They have attracted several stars to appear on their tunes Some of the celebs had to Skype their performance
CNN  -- A former manager for the private contractor that provides guards for the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan said he tried to blow the whistle more than a year ago about inadequate staffing and improper behavior by guards , including going to brothels and sex trafficking . Images released by a watchdog group show raucous partying and sexual hazing by private embassy guards . James Gordon filed a lawsuit in U.S. District Court Thursday claiming he was forced from his job illegally in February 2008 by ArmorGroup , North America  AGNA  -- a security contractor owned by Wackenhut Services Inc. . Gordon said he asked the company and the U.S. State Department in investigate activities in Kabul by the company 's guards , but there was no follow-up investigation . Gordon 's suit , which seeks back pay and unspecified punitive damages , follows separate reports last week by a watchdog group that the contractor allowed mistreatment , sexual activity and intimidation within the ranks of private guards hired to protect the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan . A spokeswoman for Wackenhut at its Florida headquarters released a statement saying Gordon had resigned voluntarily and that his departure was not tied to whistleblowing nor was there retaliation by the company . "  We found that Mr. Gordon 's factual allegations and legal claims were overstated , ill-founded , not based on any personal knowledge , or otherwise lacking in legal merit . We chose not to accede to the demands of Mr. Gordon and his lawyers and instead to let them present their case in court if they chose to do so , " the Wackenhut statement said . Gordon spoke to a Washington news conference by telephone Thursday , saying he is working for another security firm in Kabul but declining to give any further details . Explaining his lawsuit , Gordon said , "  I set out two years ago to see to it that the U.S. Embassy in Kabul was protected . I am hoping that the public airing of this lawsuit will bring us closer to that goal . " Last week a watchdog group , the Project On Government Oversight  POGO  , released photographs showing raucous partying and sexual hazing by private embassy guards . POGO sent a letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and briefed reporters on its findings , which it said were based on e-mails and interviews with more than a dozen guards who have worked at the U.S. compound in Kabul . In the wake of POGO 's actions , the State Department said the behavior shown in the photos was "  disgusting " and launched several investigations and said it had removed some of the private guards from the country . Meanwhile the same company continues to guard the U.S. Embassy , a contract worth more than $ 180 million a year . State Department Spokesman P.J Crowley said in his daily briefing in Washington that the department had "  aggressively overseen " the contract for embassy guards and had issued nine so-called "  cure notices " to correct specific deficiencies since the contract began in 2007 . "  At no time was the security of the embassy ever threatened or compromised , " Crowley said . But Gordon called the assertion "  ludicrous . " "  If you hire a guard force that is placing you at risk because of their behavior , and is also inadequate with regard to the fact of language difficulty between elements of the guard force , I do n't see how anyone can say the government is getting what they are paying for and it does n't compromise the integrity of the embassy itself , " Gordon said , referring to reports that some of the private guards hired by the contractor were non-English-speaking Gurkhas from Nepal . "  If the guards ca n't communicate with each other , how are they going to communicate in a disaster ? How are you going be able to properly respond to a scenario if you have to use pantomime to properly convey a message to a member of the security force ? It is ludicrous for anyone to say that is a safe environment and an effective security force , " Gordon said . Crowley said State Department officials had interviewed more than 150 guards since pictures were released last week by the watchdog group , and that a total of 16 people had been kicked out of the country . But Crowley would not comment on the new claims that private guards had patronized brothels and allegedly been involved in sex trafficking , with Crowley saying he would not discuss any matters that might be under litigation . In his lawsuit Gordon said one employee "  had to be forcibly removed from a brothel in Kabul during working hours . " Gordon said he tried to have that person dismissed but found other ArmorGroup personnel , including "  the AGNA medic and the program manager himself had frequented the brothels with him . " "  On the heels of this incident I learned that there had been an outbreak of sexually transmitted disease among AGNA guards in 2007 that had never been reported as required to the State Department , and that the guard force routinely frequented brothels , " Gordon said Thursday . Gordon said the company resisted "  with outright hostility " his efforts as a manager to impose a no-brothel policy . And Gordon said he asked both the company and the State Department to investigate whether guards were personally involved in sex trafficking , and that to his knowledge nothing was done . "  United States law , known as the Trafficking in Victims Protection Act , prohibits contractors from procuring commercial sex while working on the contract , " Gordon said in a statement . "  Many of the prostitutes in Kabul are young Chinese girls who were taken against their will to Kabul for sexual exploitation . " Gordon said a trainee had boasted that he could purchase a girl for $ 20,000 and turn a profit after a month . "  I immediately notified both the State Department and AGNA 's president , and urged the company to thoroughly investigate whether sex trafficking was occurring among the guard force ... To my knowledge neither AGNA nor the State Department conducted a follow-up investigation , " Gordon said . Another former manager of guards in Afghanistan spoke with Gordon during the news conference . The second manager , John Gorman , is not involved in Gordon 's lawsuit but said he wanted to highlight what he called fraud , deception and incompetence , as well as what he called "  sexually deviant behavior " exhibited by people hired as guards in 2007 . Gorman , who said he is a former U.S. Marine , also said he was forced out after he tried to spread the alarm about embassy security . "  Knowing full well that our jobs were on the line , we went to the embassy out of a sense of duty and patriotism , " Gorman said . He said he went to the embassy to report problems after first complaining to ArmorGroup North America about what he called the company 's "  inability to provide for the security and safety of the U.S. personnel . " "  In any interaction I have had with corporate officials from AGNA , no one -- no one -- ever mentioned or indicated a concern for the actual safety of the embassy . The greatest and only concerns were the profit margin , " Gorman said .	Ex-manager sues firm he claims forced him from his job illegally after whistleblowing The firm , ArmorGroup , provides guards for the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan He says he tried to blow the whistle over a year ago about improper behavior He says he spoke out on inadequate staffing , guards visiting brothels , sex trafficking
CNN  -- Authorities in Tennessee are asking for the public 's help to find two children presumed missing after a fire destroyed their home . The children -- identified as 9-year-old Chloie Leverette and 7-year-old Gage Daniel -- were last seen Sunday around 6:30 p.m. , approximately three hours before their home burned down , according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation , or TBI . They lived with their grandparents in Unionville , Tennessee . "  After an extensive five day search , multiple fire experts have processed the scene and are unable to locate evidence that Chloie and Gage were victims of the fire . The location of Chloie and Gage are unknown at this time , " the TBI said . Investigators recovered the bodies of the grandparents , according to Kristin Helm , a TBI spokeswoman , and feel fairly certain they would have found the children if they had been there . They have no theories as to the kids ' whereabouts . The TBI concluded its search of the home Friday , Helm said . She said the biological parents of the children have been contacted and are cooperating . There was nothing to indicate Chloie and Gage were home at the time of the fire , the spokeswoman said . The cause of the blaze was not immediately clear . When asked whether the TBI fears for the children 's safety , Helm responded : "  Yes , because we have two children who are outside their personal zone of safety . ... We consider them endangered . " Meanwhile , the marquee outside Community Elementary School in Unionville has morphed into a makeshift vigil . Flowers and gifts are piled around a sign that reads : "  Pray for Chloie and Gage 's family . " Tim Miller , the school 's principal , told CNN affiliate WTVF that he feels he 's on an "  emotional roller coaster . " "  We 're like the family . At this point , we do n't know , but we would like to see closure , " he told WTVF . Chloie is 4 feet , 8 inches tall , weighs 75 pounds , has brown hair and blue eyes . Gage is described as 4 feet , 50 pounds , with brown hair and eyes . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Richard Davis contributed to this report .	NEW : A spokeswoman says she fears for their safety 9-year-old Chloie Leverette and 7-year-old Gage Daniel were last seen Sunday Their home burned down the same night Investigators did not find evidence the children were victims of the fire
Royce White faces an extraordinary challenge at the start of his rookie year with the Houston Rockets , before the season even begins . He is terrified to fly . "  It 's a day-by-day struggle for me , " he said . "  I 'm very happy that I made it here , and that the Rockets gave me the chance that I have . " The 21-year-old forward speaks openly about his generalized anxiety disorder , and the demands of his new role as a professional basketball player . "  But at the same time , just knowing what I know about anxiety and mental health , there is a side of my mind that ca n't look away from the fact that I do think about it every day . I wake up  and think  , ` Am I cut out for this ? ' " He calls his career in the National Basketball Association a dream come true . But living that dream is a challenge for the first-round draft pick from Minneapolis , Minnesota . His anxiety manifests itself in his fear of flying , as well as in his obsessive-compulsive disorder . Both could jeopardize White 's career in the NBA , with all of its rigors , and rewards . He missed the Rockets ' training camp in McAllen , Texas , earlier this month , apparently because of his flying phobia . That flight would have been his first with his new NBA teammates on the team plane , according to White . He appreciates the comfort of first-class air travel . But that does n't completely alleviate his fear : "  I 'm definitely afraid of heights , " he said . "  And I 'm not really running from that . " TV stars , travel bloggers not immune to fear of flying In a phone interview with CNN , he recounted the panic attacks he had at airports when he flew to basketball camps and skills academies during high school . White said that he has managed to fly several times since he was drafted earlier this year . And he plans to fulfill his obligations for the team . But when there 's turbulence : "  I 'm scared sh ** less . " Once the NBA season kicks off later this month , players will need to crisscross the country for games , often several times in a week . The season holds more than 80 games , nearly triple the demands of a college basketball season . White was the star player at Iowa State University last season , both on and off the court . The 6-foot , 8-inch tall power forward led the Cyclones in scores and rebounds , not to mention in assists and steals . Basketball analyst Nate Ross points out that the transition from college star to NBA newcomer is tough for any rookie . "  They are going from playing 30 games a year to almost 100 games a year , " he said . "  That 's three times as many games against bigger , quicker players than they 've ever seen in their lives . " Of course , the NBA compensation is also far more than a player would have seen in college . And a $ 1 million-plus contract brings its own set of surprises for White as he grapples with his OCD . "  I live in a bigger house than I 'm used to , " White said . "  So the toughest thing is going around and seeing that dust has collected in a room you do n't use often . And then I 've got to spend 30 minutes dusting that thing . That 's a new one for me . " He is candid about his personal struggle with anxiety , which is playing out in a public arena . White said he is grateful to the Rockets for their support . "  They 're being very open to helping me in any way that I need and giving me the support I need , " he said . For their part , the Rockets wo n't comment specifically on White 's condition . A team spokesperson released a statement from General Manager Daryl Morey , which said : "  We are committed to Royce 's long-term success , and we will continue to support him now and going forward . " White speaks publicly about his anxiety , for which he takes medication but is n't currently in therapy , because he wants to boost awareness about mental illness . He uses Twitter to share his own stories and respond to people who reach out to him . "  I 'm actually starting an entire campaign , raising awareness to mental illness and destigmatizing it , " he said . He lent his star power to his community while he was playing college basketball in Iowa . He spoke to young fans at Orchard Place , a charity for children with mental health and behavioral disorders . He signed autographs for more than an hour , and told his audience of enraptured young fans that his condition parallels what some of the children there have . "  It was inspiring to them , " said Nancy Bobo , vice president of development and marketing at the charity . White said his new team is encouraging when it comes to continuing his philanthropy work and spreading his message . His new role already looks like it will resonate beyond Houston . Has anxiety prevented you from pursuing goals ? Have you established ways to overcome it ? Share your experience in the comments section below .	Royce White , a rookie with the Houston Rockets , suffers from anxiety disorder He missed the first week of training camp , reportedly due to his fear of flying White is open about his condition , speaks to others with mental health issues He plans to fulfill his obligations to the Rockets , despite his challenges
Washington  CNN  -- It 's the biggest storyline heading into next year 's midterm elections : Will Republicans succeed in taking control of the U.S. Senate ? Republicans argue that an announcement over the weekend vastly improves their chances . Democrats vehemently disagree . The news from Montana 's former Democratic Gov. Brian Schweitzer . The man known for his signature bolo tie said he would not run for Senate next year , as many Democrats had expected . Schweitzer captured nearly two-thirds of the vote in his 2008 re-election as governor of the red state and was seen by many as the best chance for the party to keep the seat of retiring Sen. Max Baucus blue . Schweitzer has recently faced potentially damaging stories about his ties to a political nonprofit group and its disclosure practices . But sources said that may have just been the tip of the iceberg when it came to opposition research Schweitzer may have faced had he decided to launch a Senate bid . But Schweitzer denied that impacted his decision . "  This is n't my first rodeo , " he told The Associated Press . Schweitzer wo n't run for Senate in 2014 A Republican source said Schweitzer 's decision is a "  sea change in the 2014 atmosphere . " "  Winning the majority is something we 've always thought not only possible , but our mission and bar for success , yet many others remained skeptical -- particularly donors and the pundit class , " said the source , who asked to remain anonymous to speak more freely . "  This development starts to break through that wall and crumple the belief that a Republican majority is out of reach . " Next year , the Democrats will try to maintain their majority in the Senate , where they currently hold a 54-46 edge  including two Independents who caucus with the party  over the GOP . They hope to expand that to 55-45 following October 's special Senate election in New Jersey , which they are favored to win . But they most likely will be defending 21 of 35 seats up for grabs in November 2014 . Besides Montana , Republicans are also optimistic about capturing seats in two other states that vote red in presidential elections : neighboring South Dakota , where Democratic Sen. Tim Johnson is not running for re-election ; and West Virginia , where Democratic Sen. Jay Rockefeller is retiring . If the GOP captures Montana , South Dakota , and West Virginia , it only needs three more seats to reach the magic number of 51 . Republican eyes are focused on four Democrats facing tough battles next year : Mark Pryor of Arkansas , Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , Kay Hagan of North Carolina , and Mark Begich of Alaska . Take three of those four races and the Republicans will do what they could n't do in 2010 and 2012 : Win back the majority . "  We are in a strong position not only to win in Montana , but national pundits are now beginning to recognize something that we 've been saying since February : Republicans are positioned to win the Senate majority in 2014 , " National Republican Senatorial Committee spokesman Brad Dayspring said in an e-mail on Monday . Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee deputy executive director Matt Cantor disagrees . "  Republicans have been feeling good about their chances in the U.S. Senate for six years and they 're still in the minority , " Cantor told CNN . "  The math still strongly favors Democrats and so does history . Democratic incumbent senators are very tough to beat . Only three Democratic incumbents have lost re-election in a decade . " Sources say that recent stories about Schweitzer were just the tip of the iceberg when it came to opposition research he might have faced if he had launched a Senate bid . "  Democrats and Republicans agree on Schweitzer : There was a treasure trove of opposition research . It 's highly unlikely that his candidacy would have been successful , " said a Democratic source who asked for anonymity in order to speak more candidly . "  Now we have a list of prospects , and while there 's no question that they begin as underdogs in a red state , Democrats are better off with a candidate that can win rather than a candidate that would self-combust before the 2014 elections . " But Schweitzer had statewide name recognition that no other Democrat may be able to match , said Nathan Gonzales , political editor of the non-partisan Rothenberg Political Report . "  Republicans have a narrow path to the Senate majority in 2014 , but it got a little wider when Schweitzer decided not to run , " Gonzales said . "  We still do n't know who the candidates will be , but Schweitzer was a proven vote-getter with nearly universal name identification . No Democrat will start from the same place he would have . Democrats can win in Republican-leaning states , but it takes someone with proven independence from the national party . We 'll see if Democrats can find that candidate . " Democrats are also defending retirements in Iowa , where Sen. Tom Harkin is not running for a sixth term , and Michigan , where Sen. Carl Levin is not bidding for a seventh term . As of now , both of those seats appear to be safer for the Democrats . The two Republican retirements are in states that appear to be safe for the GOP : Sen. Mike Johanns of Nebraska and Sen. Saxby Chambliss of Georgia , although Democrats think an ugly primary in Georgia could lead to a very conservative nominee who would be beatable in the general election . The only other seat Democrats hope to put in play is in Kentucky , where Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , who 's running for a sixth-term , is facing a challenge from Democratic Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes .	Former Democratic Montana Gov. Brian Schweitzer decides he wo n't run for Senate Schweitzer was a favorite because of name recognition and electoral success in red state Recent reports have tied Schweitzer to nonprofit group with questions about practices Democrats are defending far more Senate seats in 2014 than Republicans
CNN  -- "  Star Wars " fans , take heart -- Disney Channel has got you . The network premieres the animated series "  Star Wars Rebels " on Friday night , before the show moves to its regular time on Mondays beginning October 13 . Writing for IGN , Matt Fowler notes that while some fans have already started complaining about the project being a kid 's show , "  it 's actually very much in line with the tone of the original ` Star Wars ' trilogy . " " ` Star Wars Rebels ' is set 14 years after ` Star Wars Episode III : Revenge of the Sith ' and five years before ` Star Wars Episode IV : A New Hope , ' " Fowler wrote . "  It takes place during an era when the Galactic Empire is securing its grip on the galaxy and hunting down the last of the Jedi Knights while a fledgling rebellion against the Empire is taking form . " There is already plenty of excitement for the upcoming "  Episode VII " film , which is due out in late 2015 . The Disney company purchased the "  Star Wars " franchise from creator George Lucas in 2013 . The filmmaker said then that it was "  time for me to pass ` Star Wars ' on to a new generation of filmmakers . " "  I 've always believed that ` Star Wars ' could live beyond me , and I thought it was important to set up the transition during my lifetime , " Lucas said . "  Star Wars Rebels " has already been given the green light for a second season .	The animated series premieres on Friday night It 's set 14 years after "  Episode III " Disney purchased the franchise from George Lucas
CNN  -- It was 1985 . Belting out the words to Whitney Houston 's "  The Greatest Love of All , " a 14-year-old girl in Dallas , Texas , stood in front of her bathroom mirror , believing the song 's message of strength and self-worth . "  This was daily , " says Deon Q. Sanders , 40 , who now lives in Grand Prairie , Texas , and continues to sing Houston 's music at weddings and other events . She laughs when she remembers her early obsession . "  I can remember my mom screaming , ` Would you please hush ! ' " There was something about Houston 's music that made children and teenagers want to learn the words and dance along . You did n't have to know anything about the singer 's personal life to be inspired by the music . In the days after Houston was found dead in a Beverly Hills hotel , childhood fans reminisced on CNN iReport about the singer who provided the soundtrack to their young lives . Her funeral is Saturday in Newark , New Jersey . Fans remember Whitney Houston at the Newark , New Jersey , church where she grew up Whitney Houston 's self-titled debut album generated three No. 1 singles -- "  Saving All My Love for You , " "  How Will I Know " and "  Greatest Love of All . " Her second , "  Whitney , " came out two years later in 1987 with chart-topping singles "  I Wan na Dance with Somebody  Who Loves Me  , " "  Did n't We Almost Have It All , " "  So Emotional " and "  Where Do Broken Hearts Go . " Houston would later struggle with drug addiction , health problems and a rocky marriage to Bobby Brown . But iReporters remember her at her prime . The "  Whitney Houston " cassette was often playing when Cory Surovek 's mom picked him up from school in her gold Mercedes Benz . Surovek , now 29 and an architect in Los Angeles , says "  How Will I know " would come on , and he and his mother would lip sync and dance in their seats . "  Whitney 's voice wailed over our conversations of my day in class and often provided the soundtrack of our impromptu dance parties at any given stoplight , " Surovek wrote in his iReport . Houston 's music was "  essential to the earliest memories that I have of me being ` me , ' with my mom , in that Benz , dancing , laughing , singing , loving . " Dana Brenklin , then 9 years old and an aspiring singer , knew she had found her vocal role model when she first heard Houston singing "  You Give Good Love " on the radio . "  She was just singing and singing and then she got to the bridge and she just soared , and I was like , ` Oh my god , who is this person ? ' " says Brenklin , 36 , who has won several singing contests with Houston numbers . "  When you saw her on TV , she looked kind , she looked nice , she looked pretty and she seemed happy and bubbly . You see her , and you hear this and you just want to take the ride with her . " Brenklin was in the studio audience a couple of years later when Houston taped the video for "  Celebrate New Life " by BeBe & CeCe Winans . Brenklin 's memories of seeing Houston are hazy , but she still remembers "  how nice she was and how pretty she was " in person . To Tessa Jackson , a black teenager at a predominantly white high school , Houston was a style icon -- "  as beautiful as she was talented . " Jackson , who lives in New Orleans , Louisiana , remembers when the video for "  You Give Good Love " first aired on MTV . "  I sat mesmerized in front of the TV watching her . She made me and other girls like me feel like we did n't have to be blonde and blue-eyed to be beautiful and admired , " Jackson wrote . "  I wish she knew how much she did for my and my friends ' self-esteem . " Houston 's music appealed to children of all races , financial circumstances and family situations . Maurice Daniel was a boy in Detroit , Michigan , trying to stay on the right path , and his middle school principal ended each morning 's announcements with "  Greatest Love of All . " The song 's inspirational message , and the powerful voice that delivered it , made an impact . "  There was a lot of crime and a lot of negative things ... I would cling to anything that would give me some type of inspiration because I did n't want to live what I was seeing , " Daniel wrote . "  It would stay in my head all day . It inspired me to -LSB- do -RSB- right and I have been doing right to this day at age 35 . " Daniel now works with the youngest children at a juvenile detention center in Detroit , putting the words of the song into practice : "  I believe the children are our future , Teach them well and let them lead the way Show them all the beauty they possess inside ... " "  That song motivated me , " Daniel says . "  There 's not too many songs out there right now that are doing any type of motivation . " Kristen Parker 's two daughters were babies when Houston 's music hit the charts , but it played a big part in playtime . The girls and their mom would sing into hairbrushes and dance on the bed while the music blasted . Years later , Houston 's voice offered a bright moment in the family 's darkest time . Parker 's younger daughter , Ashley , was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 2004 . After a year in the hospital , when there was nothing more they could do , Ashley 's sister and her friends brought Houston 's CDs to New York 's Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center . Nearly 40 children , ranging from 5 to 19 years old , danced around the pediatrics floor to "  I Wan na Dance With Somebody . " " -LSB- Houston -RSB- had no idea the smiles she had put on these poor sick children 's faces , " Parker wrote . "  Not one of those poor babies of ours survived their battle . ... I know not any of us parents will forget , although it was only minutes , the smiles of our children dancing for the last time to Whitney 's amazing voice . " Parker says she will hold that memory with her forever .	Childhood fans of Whitney Houston reminisce Houston provided a "  vocal role model , " one iReporter says "  Greatest Love of All " helped a young boy stay on the right path
Pensacola , Florida  CNN  -- Evelyn Rasco started crying early Saturday morning as soon as she saw the cars carrying her daughters turn the corner . Minutes later , her voice took on a tougher tone : "  I 'll tell you one thing , y' all ai n't going back to the state of Mississippi . I 'll tell you that . Y' all ai n't going there to get a drink of water . " Her daughters , Gladys and Jamie Scott , were released from a Mississippi prison Friday after 16 years behind bars . Gov. Haley Barbour suspended their armed robbery sentences on one condition -- that one sister donate a kidney to the other . Jamie Scott , 38 , is gravely ill and needs a kidney transplant , said attorney Chokwe Lumumba . Barbour said last week it "  should be scheduled with urgency . " And Jamie Scott told CNN she feared at one point that she would die in prison . The sisters were convicted of armed robbery and sentenced to life in prison for their role in a 1993 ambush in Scott County , Mississippi . Authorities accused the sisters of leading two men to a group of three teenagers , who hit them with a shotgun and took their wallets . The robbers netted between $ 11 and $ 200 , according to CNN affiliate WLBT . Both sisters have maintained their innocence . After their release Friday , they told reporters they planned to continue fighting . "  The governor granted us our first step and we are grateful for that , " Jamie Scott said , her sister next to her , nodding in agreement . "  The fight is not over until our name is cleared . " Early Saturday morning , the sisters arrived at their mother 's home in Pensacola , Florida . Gladys Scott , 36 , walked arm-in-arm with her mother toward the door . "  We 're home , Mama , we 're home , " she said . "  You do n't know how many nights I prayed for this , " Rasco replied . Gladys Scott 's 22-year-old daughter , Olivia , placed her arm around her mother 's shoulder and said she was looking forward to making up for lost time . "  We 're going to get her an up-to-date cell phone . We 're going to show her the beach ... We 're going to have fun , do what we could n't do , do what the state of Mississippi took from us , " she said . In Florida , the sisters will be under the supervision of the Florida Department of Corrections parole office , said Suzanne Singletary , a spokeswoman for the Mississippi Department of Corrections . Lumumba said Friday that Gladys Scott had not yet been tested to determine whether her kidney could be used in a transplant . "  I 'm praying to God I 'm a match , " she said . "  I want her to raise her grandkids with me . " Bumper stickers on cars parked in the Rasco 's driveway Saturday said "  The Scott Sisters " -- a lingering sign of the legal fight the family says it 's determined to continue . Lumumba said the sisters would seek a pardon from the state of Mississippi . "  We 're not going to lay down the guns . We 're going to keep fighting in order to get them totally exonerated , " he said .	A governor suspends their sentences , saying one must donate a kidney to the other "  You do n't know how many nights I prayed for this , " their mother says The two sisters spent 16 years in prison for armed robbery A lawyer says Jamie Scott is gravely ill and needs a kidney transplant
CNN  -- A 28-year-old Jamaican-born man has confessed to his involvement in the stabbing deaths of an American couple on the Caribbean island of St. Maarten , a prosecutor said Wednesday . The suspect , whom authorities have identified only by his initials M.K.J. , has also confessed involvement to a robbery of a restaurant last month , said General Solicitor Taco Stein . The suspect had previously denied any involvement in the killings last month of Michael and Thelma King , of South Carolina , at their oceanfront residence in Cupecoy , a beach town on the southwest tip of the Dutch island nation . Their bodies were discovered September 21 , authorities said . The suspect appeared before a judge Wednesday , who granted the prosecution 's request for a pretrial detention of eight days for the suspect , Stein told CNN . Investigators are now working to confirm the details of the suspect 's statements and are gathering additional evidence to present in court , Stein said . A second suspect in custody in the Kings ' murders has been identified as a 17-year-old man with the initials of J.C.M. , Stein said . He has n't confessed to any involvement in the slayings and will appear in court Thursday for a pretrial detention hearing , Stein said . St. Maarten is a self-governing country within the Kingdom of the Netherlands , whose economy is based on the tourism industry . More than 1 million tourists visit the island each year . The killings occurred in what is generally considered a safe area that is popular with tourists , according to the solicitor general . Investigators believe the murders took place during a robbery of the Kings , Stein said . Bodies of U.S. couple killed in St. Maarten are handed over	A Jamaican-born man , 28 , tells investigators he was involved in murders A judge orders a pretrial detention of the man Michael and Thelma King of South Carolina were slain in the beach town of Cupecoy The suspect also confesses to a restaurant robbery , prosecutor tells CNN
CNN  -- It started out as a simple concept . Let people virtually grow gardens , raise farm animals and become farmers . It soon became a social media and gaming phenomenon . "  FarmVille " celebrates its fifth anniversary this summer . Millions of players continue not only to harvest on a virtual landscape but also establish real-life relationships and support causes even as the game has plummeted from its unlikely peak at the top of the gaming world . Once virtually impossible to avoid on the pages of Facebook , "  FarmVille " goes against gaming 's standards . Devoid of intense competition , it 's a farming simulation game in which players plant crops , raise livestock and generally go about the business of living off the land . In its first six weeks in 2009 , "  FarmVille " grew to more than 10 million players and became the most popular game on Facebook . By the next year , its player base passed the 80 million mark , according to information collected by AppData . By 2012 , the game remained the site 's seventh most popular game . Charles London , senior creative director for "  FarmVille2 , " said his team realizes that today 's players are looking for a moment of peace and serenity in their gaming . He said he 's thrilled how people are connecting through "  FarmVille . " "  Their lives are increasingly fragmented . They 're overly ` technologied . ' And they 're separated from their community , " London said . "  In ` FarmVille , ' they can get away from that . They can have a fantasy of a sweet , quiet , serene farm , and they can play with other players who really care about each other . " Despite criticism about the mindless nature of the game  Time magazine rated it one of the 50 worst inventions in 2010  , 370 million virtual crops are harvested every day in "  FarmVille " and "  FarmVille 2 , " indicating players ' dedication and involvement . As people moved to playing games on mobile phones , "  FarmVille " fell to 84th place in game rankings this year before rebounding lately to 73rd , according to AppData . But the millions who have stuck with it and its sequels , "  FarmVille 2 " and "  FarmVille 2 : Country Escape , " say these games have not only been fun to play but also give them a chance to connect in meaningful ways with others . Sonya Reynolds , 34 , of Morris Township , New Jersey , said the game helped her reconnect with a childhood friend who soon became her husband . "  We could help out on each other 's farms and also be able to catch up with the past many years , " Reynolds said . "  Since playing the game , I have built a chicken coop with Phil , my husband , and bought hens that I 've ` owned ' in ` Farmville 2 . ' " According to a survey from "  Farmville " maker Zynga , 80 % of players say they 've connected with people they otherwise would n't have through the game , and 34 % play it with a significant other . Other "  farmers " have stories about how the game has become an educational tool for children . Melissa Cunningham of Kingsland , Texas , said she started playing because it reminded her of her grandmother 's farm . But she discovered the game could help her son with mathematics . "  Since playing ` FarmVille 2 , ' my son 's math skills have drastically increased -- his grades improving from Cs to A - / B + , " she said . "  I love that he 's learning through a game he enjoys without thinking of it as ` homework . ' " London said his development team continually hears from players about what features they like or what they want to see in the future . He said the team wants to create features meaningful to players , including the ability to form virtual families . Players can now create their own virtual sweetheart , have a date , fall in love and get married in "  My Family Farm " for "  FarmVille 2 . " In the span of two weeks , Zynga said 752,000 players went on a "  first date " and 280,000 made a marriage proposal to their in-game significant other . "  What I love most about ` My Family Farm ' is it 's so close to my life story as  my husband  Dean and I were childhood best friends , " said Lynda Jordan of Atascadero , California . "  It 's like watching us all over again ! It sounds funny for a game to change my life , but it really has . " London said , "  We 're not in the business of explicitly getting people to fall in love . We are in the business of getting people to meet each other through play . " The game and its players are also socially aware of causes and needs in real-life communities . In December , players raised $ 1 million for Feeding America through a special game expansion called Holiday Lights , according to Zynga . Players across the "  FarmVille " franchise have raised almost $ 8 million for charity in five years , it said . London said he 's impressed by the social interactions taking place through the "  FarmVille " games . "  Human beings are innately social creatures , " London said . "  For us to continue to broaden the appeal of games is to make sure that people can continue to do those things that are meaningful to them -- socialize and meet or compete or collaborate . "	"  FarmVille " players still growing gardens , raising livestock on a virtual scale The social game became Facebook 's No. 1 app in just six weeks It had 80 million-plus players before a sharp drop But millions remain players , saying game has forged real relationships
CNN Student News  -- October 24 , 2013 Following reports on school violence in Massachusetts and Nevada , CNN Student News offers ideas on discussing this tough topic . Plus , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius responds to problems with the Obamacare website . We also go inside the United Nations for U.N. Day , and we report on a claim that a football blowout constituted bullying . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Is there value in following international organizations  like the U.N.  on social media ? Why or why not ? What might be the benefits and drawbacks of doing so ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . school security 2 . Health and Human Services Department 3 . United Nations Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Why has Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius come under strong criticism recently ? What does she tell CNN about the Affordable Care Act  Obamacare  website ? 2 . What are some of the principal bodies of the United Nations ? What are some of the duties of these groups ? 3 . What are the circumstances surrounding a claim of bullying against a football team 's coaches ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What questions do you have about recent news stories involving school violence ? What concerns you about this issue ? What school security measures are you familiar with ? In your view , what else could be done to help students feel safe at school ? When you discuss school violence with your family and friends , what comes up ? 2 . What role do you think the United Nations plays in the international community ? What challenges might the U.N. face as it deals with global issues ? 3 . What was your opinion of the football game in which one team scored 91 points ? In your view , did bullying factor in , as one parent complained ? Why or why not ? What might the winning and losing players say about this game ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America New York City ; Aledo , Texas FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
EW.com  -- A remake , a prequel , and one woefully misguided bird-watching comedy could n't take down Hugh Jackman and the robots of "  Real Steel " at the box office this weekend . "  Steel " punched up an estimated $ 16.3 million this weekend , marking a healthy 40 percent drop from its $ 27.3 million debut . As evidenced by the film 's impressive 64 percent boost on Saturday , it appears that "  Real Steel " is playing as an outright family affair , and that sort of appeal will help it achieve small drops in the coming weeks . Still , the $ 110 million Dreamworks film , which is being distributed by Disney 's Touchstone Pictures , has a very long way to go before it 's in the black . So far , "  Real Steel " has earned $ 51.7 million in ten days . Paramount 's $ 24 million remake "  Footloose " managed to open in second place with $ 16.1 million , a rather lackluster result . Instead of playing like a hyped-up event movie , "  Footloose " played much more like a typical dance flick . It attracted fewer dance fans than movies like "  Save the Last Dance "  2001 , $ 23.4 million opening  and "  Step Up "  2006 , $ 20.7 million opening  , but it performed on the same level as "  Step Up 3D "  2010 , $ 15.8 million opening  and "  You Got Served "  2004 , $ 16.1 million  . The film played best with women , who made up 75 percent of the audience , and older moviegoers , who composed 61 percent of the opening weekend crowd . "  Footloose " earned a solid "  A " CinemaScore grade , and strong word-of-mouth could help it dance its way out of financial trouble , but it will not be able to match the $ 80 million total that the original "  Footloose " achieved back in 1984 . In third , Universal 's horror prequel "  The Thing " did n't scare up many ticket sales this weekend , opening with $ 8.7 million . The film , which totes a reported $ 35 million budget , performed below Universal 's expectations , becoming the latest 2011 horror film to not connect with audiences . Movies like "  Scream 4 "  $ 38.2 million total  , "  The Rite "  $ 33 million  , and "  Priest "  $ 29.1 million  have all struggled at the box office this year . Even "  Thing " star Mary Elizabeth Winstead 's former franchise film , "  Final Destination 5 , " performed unremarkably , earning only $ 42.1 million . The best comparison for "  The Thing " is probably "  Do n't Be Afraid of the Dark , " which opened with a similar $ 8.5 million and finished with $ 23.2 million . Considering "  The Thing " earned a weak "  B - " CinemaScore grade and a sad $ 2,990 per theater average , that total is about the best it can hope for . George Clooney 's political thriller "  The Ides of March " held very well in its sophomore weekend , dipping only 28 percent to $ 7.5 million in fourth place . That decline is far less severe than Clooney 's other recent political flicks , "  The American " and "  The Men Who Stare At Goats , " which dropped by 57 and 54 percent in their second weekends , respectively . Perhaps Clooney has made a political movie that 's a bit more palatable for general audiences -- or perhaps it 's just the Ryan Gosling effect . Either way , after ten days , "  Ides , " which cost Sony $ 12.5 million to produce , has earned $ 22.2 million . If it keeps up the soft declines , it could become a serious Oscar contender . "  Dolphin Tale " spent one last weekend in the Top 5 , sliding 31 percent to $ 6.3 million . After four weekend 's Warner Brothers ' surprise 3-D hit has accrued a nice $ 58.7 million total . Along with "  Moneyball "  $ 57.7 million after four weeks  and "  The Lion King 3D "  $ 90.5 million after five  , "  Dolphin Tale " is one of the few box office bright spots since "  The Help . " The weekend 's other new wide release , "  The Big Year , " debuted way back in ninth place with $ 3.3 million out of 2,150 theaters . Fox spent $ 41 million on the Jack Black , Steve Martin , Owen Wilson bird-watching collaboration that was n't quite a comedy , was n't quite a drama , was n't quite a competition film , and apparently was n't at all enticing for audiences , who gave the picture a "  B - " CinemaScore grade . Between the financial failure of "  The Big Year , " and 2006 $  s "  Hoot , " which opened to $ 3.4 million out of 3,018 theaters , maybe Hollywood should think twice about the appeal of birds at the box office . They do n't always soar . In limited release , Pedro Almodovar 's deeply creepy "  The Skin I Live In " got off to a strong start , with $ 231,000 in six theaters , good for a robust $ 38,500 per theater average . Internationally , tastes were n't quite as refined , as "  The Smurfs " finally passed $ 400 million overseas . 1 . Real Steel -- $ 16.3 mil 2 . Footloose -- $ 16.1 mil 3 . The Thing -- $ 8.7 mil 4 . The Ides of March -- $ 7.5 mil 5 . Dolphin Tale -- $ 6.3 mil 6 . Moneyball -- $ 5.5 mil 7 . 50/50 -- $ 4.3 mil 8 . Courageous -- $ 3.4 mi 9 . The Big Year -- $ 3.3 mil 10 . The Lion King 3D -- $ 2.7 mil See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Real Steel " is playing as an outright family affair "  Footloose " played much more like a typical dance flick "  The Thing " is the latest 2011 horror film to not connect with audiences
