CNN  -- Germany inflicted a second successive Euro 2012 defeat on the Netherlands when one of football 's great rivalries was renewed on Wednesday . These two nations have a fierce history , punctuated by on-field battles that the legendary German captain Franz Beckenbauer claimed had cost him "  years of my life . " This latest encounter was no classic , largely because Joachim Low 's Germany dominated for the vast majority . Two superb first-half goals from Mario Gomez took his tally for the tournament to three and put the Germans in complete control . Robin Van Persie pulled a goal back as Netherlands improved in the second half , but Germany comfortably held on for a second successive victory at this tournament . Portugal 's earlier last-gasp win over Denmark means that nothing is yet decided in Group B. However , Germany need only a point against Denmark to reach the quarterfinals , while the Netherlands need something of a miracle to progress . Netherlands 1-2 Germany Striker Gomez scored two stunning goals to earn Germany a deserved win and heighten expectation that Low 's side can win this European Championship . The Germans took control of a crucial game when Gomez brilliantly collected Bastian Schweinsteiger 's pass and spun to slide home a clinical finish . It was 2-0 before the break as Gomez scored an even better goal . Again Schweinsteiger was the provider , his pass allowing Bayern Munich clubmate Gomez to escape rookie defender Jetro Willems and fire across goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenburg and into the far corner for his 14th goal in his last 16 international games . The Dutch were , briefly , ranked the number one team in the world as recently as August but they looked a poor imitation of the side that reached the World Cup final in South Africa two years ago . But a game between the two highest scoring teams in the qualifying campaign was always set to see goals and Van Persie 's brilliant strike 17 minutes from time breathed life into an ailing game . The Arsenal striker 's touch had previously deserted him at this tournament , but he suddenly looked deadly as he spun away from Sami Khedira and smashed a superb shot past Manuel Neuer with his weaker right foot . Germany 's young side suddenly looked vulnerable , but limited the Dutch to long-range efforts that failed to trouble Neuer again . Portugal 3-2 Denmark Substitute Silvestre Varela rescued Portugal with a stunning late winner to give Paulo Bento 's side real hope of reaching the quarterfinals of Euro 2012 . Forward Nicklas Bendtner appeared to have denied Portugal a crucial victory as he struck twice to wipe out a 2-0 lead . Cristiano Ronaldo missed a glorious chance to restore Portugal 's advantage but substitute Varela had the final say with a remarkable winner . Fabio Coentrao 's left-wing cross invited a volley but Varela swung wildly with his left foot and completely missed , only to spin and smash home the loose ball with his right . It was a remarkable finish to a remarkable game and it left Portugal and Denmark locked together on three points each after two Group B games . Bento 's side urgently needed a win after losing their opening game to Germany , one of the tournament favorites , and they swept into a two-goal lead to take control of the tie . Real Madrid defender Pepe , who had hit the bar against Germany , had a change of luck to open the scoring , timing his run to perfection to flick home a near-post header from Joao Moutinho 's corner . Striker Helder Postiga doubled the lead when he steered home Nani 's low center , but Bendtner 's close-range header gave Denmark hope before halftime . The Arsenal striker pounced again 10 minutes from time when he headed home Lars Jacobsen 's cross -- his sixth international goal in just five appearances against Portugal . Those are the sort of statistics more usually associated with Ronaldo , but the Portugal captain had an off-day , missing two clear chances before substitute Varela spared his blushes .	Germany beat Netherlands 2-0 in latest renewal of one of football 's great rivalries Mario Gomez scores twice to take his tournament tally to three goals Portugal seal 3-2 win over Denmark in Group B Substitute Silvestre Varela hits stunning late winner after Nicklas Bendtner double
During the 90-minute ride of terror , Tamerlan Tsarnaev kept talking . He barked out orders , detailed his hatred of Americans and asked his carjacking victim to remain calm . Tsarnaev kept asking about the 26-year-old driver 's heritage and family . "  If you cooperate , I wo n't kill you , " said Tsarnaev , who , along with his younger brother , was a suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings and the killing of a police officer . The Massachusetts driver , whom CNN is identifying only as Danny because of privacy and safety concerns , gave his account of the April 18 incident and described the very different behavior of Tsarnaev and his younger brother , Dzhokhar . While the talkative Tamerlan was the ringleader during the carjacking , the quiet Dzhokhar responded to multiple orders , such as getting money from an ATM . The only question Dzhokhar asked was how much Danny paid for his Mercedes SUV . After the Chinese entrepreneur eventually escaped , police caught up with the brothers and engaged in a gun battle that left Tamerlan Tsarnaev dead . From fear to cheers : The final 24 hours that paralyzed Boston Dzhokhar , wounded , was found later and is in police custody . Hours after authorities released images of the two bombing suspects , the brothers spontaneously decided to go to New York 's Times Square to blow up their six remaining explosives , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev told investigators . His account was outlined by New York 's police commissioner . Before forcing their way into Danny 's vehicle three days after the bombings , the brothers fatally shot a campus police officer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , police said . Tamerlan Tsarnaev said right after he got in the vehicle that he was responsible for the bombings and the officer 's death , according to Danny . "  This is like something you see in a movie , is n't it ? " Tamerlan Tsarnaev said at one point during the carjacking . Danny , who first spoke with The Boston Globe , gave CNN this account of the carjacking in a more than hourlong conversation off-camera . -- Danny had stopped his vehicle to send a text when Tamerlan walked up and tapped on the window . The suspect , allegedly carrying a handgun , opened the door and got into the passenger seat . -- Dzhokhar followed in another vehicle . -- Under questioning by Tamerlan , Danny played up being Chinese and tried to humanize himself by talking about cell phones and family . Danny told CNN he felt being Chinese helped save his life . -- Eventually , Dzhokhar abandoned his vehicle and the three rode in Danny 's SUV . Tamerlan started driving , using back streets in the Boston area , trying to avoid police and searching for an open gas station . -- Danny heard the word "  Manhattan " at one point and thought the brothers were going to drive to New York , kill him on the way and dump his body under the bridge . -- When they stopped to refuel at a Shell gas station , Danny managed to slip away . He could feel Tamerlan grab him and heard him yell an expletive . Danny ran to a Mobil gas station , where he told an employee there what happened . Danny told CNN the fact that his car was low on gas helped save his life . During the carjacking , Danny thought about a girl in New York whom he really liked . He thought he 'd never see her again .	Driver provides his account of Boston-area carjacking He details behavior of the Tsarnaev brothers Older brother asked Danny about his heritage Incident followed Boston Marathon bombings
Vitriolic insults hurled by North Korea 's state-run media are so frequent that they 're usually not news . But recent KCNA articles use such racially-charged rhetoric that they have drawn criticism from the White House 's National Security Council , which called them "  particularly ugly and disrespectful . " North Korea 's state media KCNA described President Barack Obama using racial epithets and likened him to a "  wicked black monkey . " The most offensive piece , published in Korean on May 2 under the title "  Divine punishment to the world 's one and only delinquent Obama , " repeatedly refers to him as a monkey . "  You can also tell this by his appearance and behavior , and while it may be because he is a crossbreed , one can not help thinking the more one sees him that he has escaped from a monkey 's body , " it stated . It 's not unusual for North Korea 's propagandists to hurl vitriol at state leaders -- especially those from the U.S. and South Korea . But the intensity and sheer volume of racial slurs in this latest piece surprised North Korea watchers . Recently , KCNA has directed misogynistic slurs at South Korea 's President Park Geun-hye , calling her an "  indecent philistine and vile prostitute serving the U.S. " They 've accused her of bungling the Sewol ferry accident and criticized her close association with U.S. , saying she has a mental disease . South Korean president apologizes for response to ferry sinking The racist rant on Obama was flagged by a blog , One Free Korea , which started the entry with , "  Oh , yes they did " and highlighted excerpts from the epithet-laced official news service . A KCNA Watch tool shows that both Obama and Park have been increasingly mentioned in recent months , as North Korea watchers anticipate that the country may conduct its fourth nuclear test . South Korea : North Korea ready for nuclear test N. Korea could be preparing nuclear test	KCNA describes Obama with racial slurs The piece repeatedly likens Obama to a monkey North Korea state media often ridicules state officials , including South Korean president
The Democratic Party is waging a battle . They want to take back the House in the 2014 midterms and maintain their majority in the Senate . And one political front is with women . In recent years the Democratic Party has enjoyed a political advantage with women as more of them have voted for Democrats . The Republican Party admits errors leading to success of female Democrats . For instance , in the last election , Republican candidates , including Missouri Senate candidate Todd Akin , marginalized women by espousing controversial opinions on rape and abortion . The situation was so crippling that Republican leaders conducted an "  autopsy " after the 2012 election to evaluate the party 's shortcomings . The image of the white man is something the Republican Party is having trouble breaking . Voters were reminded of the patrician perception just a couple of weeks ago during the government shutdown when House Republican leaders let the press in a meeting to take pictures as they worked . At the long table sat eight men in their shirtsleeves . Not one woman was present . Those examples of images and statements make a difference at the voting booth . Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney 's nine-point loss among women to President Barack Obama . Additionally , of the 81 women members of Congress , only 19 are Republican . The story is similar in the Senate . But the Democrats are n't taking any chances . They do n't want to lose their electoral advantage . Last year , they attacked the Republicans ' anti-choice , anti-Obamacare and anti-higher minimum wage policies as a "  war on women . " This year they are launching a war with women . Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida , who chairs the Democratic National Committee , on Friday unveiled the Democratic Women 's Alliance , a new initiative to "  target , motivate and mobilize women " to vote and run for office . And they are throwing money , resources and staff at the effort . They will conduct polls and gather data directed at women voters , find the forgotten women voters and train women to become involved or run for office . It was rolled out at the 20th anniversary of the DNC 's Women 's Leadership Forum where House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi spoke as did Cecile Richards , president of Planned Parenthood . Republicans are "  trying to reach out to women , " Wasserman Schultz said in a hotel ballroom full of women activists . "  Is n't that adorable ? " she smirked . "  Outreach is inserting themselves into the most private decisions women make , " she added . Wasserman Schultz 's entire message was n't about beating the Republicans . She said that when women sit at the table , they bring solutions . "  We understand the role of compromise . When we 're at the table , government is more responsible , " Wasserman Schultz told the audience , referring to the latest gridlock in Washington that partially shut down the government . "  Even with Sarah Palin involved , we could 've struck an agreement , " the Florida congresswoman said . The return of Sarah Palin Her goals , however , are still specific : Enroll more women into the Democratic Party . Republicans admit that they have some work to do . "  We hurt ourselves , " Republican National Committee spokes woman Kirsten Kukowski told CNN . "  But we need to start fighting back on that narrative , " she added . The RNC has recently launched some of its own initiatives focused on women . One of those programs is Blackboard to Blacktop , an education program to enhance women 's role in the party . In addition , Kurkowski said they must do a better job of pushing back against damaging rhetoric by their candidates . "  All of us need to do a better job , " she said . "  We 're being much more conscious of it and tackling it every single day , " she added .	The Democratic Party is launching a new initiative to attract women The goal is to widen the advantage the Democrats have with women voters The Republican Party knows it has work to do and has launched its own efforts
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William received his Royal Air Force pilot 's wings at a graduation ceremony Friday . Prince William while attending Remembrance Sunday ceremonies last November in London . His father , Prince Charles , presented the wings to his son and 24 other graduating students at the ceremony , held at the Cranwell Air Force base in northern England . Prince Charles smiled broadly as he pinned the badge on his son 's lapel . The two shared a few words and shook hands as the audience clapped . William 's girlfriend , Kate Middleton , was among those watching the ceremony . Watch William being presented with his wings " William , 25 , is already a second lieutenant in the British Army , where he serves in the Household Cavalry  Blues and Royals  . Since January , he has been on a four-month attachment with the Royal Air Force designed to give the future king experience with the various branches of the military . William plans to complete a similar attachment with the Royal Navy later in the year , according to his office at Clarence House . During his time with the RAF , William learned to fly three different aircraft : a Grob 115E light aircraft , the faster Tucano T1 plane , and a Squirrel helicopter . The prince was only eight days into his flying course when he made his first solo flight , Clarence House said . At the time , William described it as "  an amazing experience . " "  Going solo is one of those things -- if you had a list of the top 50 things to do before you die , it would be in there , " he said in January . Clarence House said it was William 's "  lifetime ambition " to learn to fly . After the ceremony , he will be known in the RAF as Flying Officer Wales . Prince Charles earned his wings more than 35 years ago at the same air force base , graduating as a Flight Lieutenant . William 's uncle , the Duke of York , flew Sea King helicopters during the Falklands War in 1982 . E-mail to a friend	Britain 's Prince William due to receive his Royal Air Force pilot 's wings Future head of British armed forces completes four-month stint with RAF The 25-year-old has trained as a helicopter and fighter pilot His father , Prince Charles , presented his wings at graduation ceremony
Hundreds of candidates are vying to become Iran 's next president , with hopefuls ranging from friends to foes of current President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . A total of 686 candidates have registered for the June election , Iran 's state-run Press TV reported . Ahmadinejad is term-limited and can not run for a third straight term . But other big names are in the mix , including Ahmadinejad 's top aide Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei and former Iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani . Ahmadinejad has been grooming Mashaei to take over for years , and the two are like-minded in their nationalism and shared disdain for the clerical establishment , according to Geneive Abdo , a fellow at the Stimson Center 's Middle East Program and a nonresident fellow at the Brookings Institution . But the Guardian Council , which is controlled by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , vets candidates and decides who is allowed to run for president , Abdo said . She said the council is not expected to allow anyone from the so-called "  deviant faction " of Ahmadinejad 's supporters to run . Rafsanjani , on the other hand , has long been a staunch critic and bitter political rival of Ahmadinejad 's . He served two terms as president from 1989 to 1997 . Weeks after the 2009 elections , Rafsanjani condemned the regime 's violent crackdown against the opposition movement and spoke out for the people 's right to peacefully protest . He later toned down the attacks and made statements of apparent support of the regime and the supreme leader , Khamenei .	President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is term-limited and ca n't run again His top aide is one of the candidates Ex-president and Ahmadinejad critic Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani also registered to run The Guardian Council vets candidates and decides who can run
Beijingers are once again choking as smog levels hit "  heavy or even worse " levels in the capital and a number of other cities across the country . Persistent problems with city air have prompted officials and entrepreneurs to consider ways to protect their citizenry from the pollution . Beijing was under an "  orange " smog alert Monday , which marks the first time the second-highest warning level of a new system introduced last year has been raised . The National Meteorological Center  NMC  Tuesday continued the alert for another 24 hours . Capital measures come amid fog of pollution Heavy smog routinely blankets the capital , all but blotting out the sun and forcing residents inside . Australian Open champion Li Na revealed she 's had to train indoors in Beijing due to the high levels of pollution , while smog across most of northern and eastern China has prompted officials to send teams of investigators to the worst-hit parts of the country . Officials at the Ministry of Environmental Protection cited "  unfavorable meteorological conditions and firework and firecracker spree  s  " as the cause of the heavily polluted air . China 's Lunar New Year celebrations , which took place earlier this month , are often accompanied by firework displays , and neighborhoods resound with the sound of firecrackers . The air pollution index recorded levels of over 400 , referring to the number of PM2 .5 -- harmful particulates measuring 2.5 microns or larger -- per cubic meter of air . The World Health Organization recommends guideline values of 25 PM2 .5 in a 24-hour period . The smog is expected to ease towards the end of the week . Many are at least trying to tackle the matter themselves . From ubiquitous air filters in people 's homes to the near-mandatory facemasks that Beijingers wear outdoors on heavily-polluted days , personal health is a priority . Given the restrictions in place on residents -- particularly the young and the elderly -- when the warnings go up , some more extreme measures have been taken . Life under the dome The International School of Beijing has taken to shielding their young charges from the city 's air as the next logical step . At a cost of $ 5 million , the school has constructed two domes that enclose the entirety of its outdoor areas , allowing students to play and exercise year-round , regardless of how smoggy life is outside the enclosure . While it is a costly solution , other schools , alongside sports facilities and even wealthy individuals are placing orders . Until the skies clear , life in the bubble seems surprisingly good . The world 's factory China 's aggressive economic growth model means that heavy industrial activity also contributes heavily to the degradation of the air quality . As part of their anti-pollution measures , some factories surrounding the capital -- Hebei is a huge steel-producing region -- have been forced to close temporarily following the raising of the orange alert . Earlier in the year , the ministry upgraded emission standards for various heavy industries and waste disposal processes , upgrading protocols that were in some cases legacies of original standards , set in the 1980s before the onset of much of China 's present industrial capacity . Problems , however , persist . The Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences and the Beijing-based Social Science Academic Press released a report in early February which ranked the two cities towards the top of a list of the worst-polluted cities . Beijing ranked second , just behind Moscow . Blue-sky thinking ? In the face of growing social unease at worsening environmental conditions , authorities are committed to rectifying the problem , and Beijing will allocate 760 billion yuan  about 124.64 billion dollars  to improve the city 's air quality by 2017 , Mayor Wang Anshun said last month at a municipal NPC meeting . The figure includes incentives for clean factories , and the municipal government has also improved the case for electric vehicles  EVs  by granting subsidies and license plate lottery waivers to those buying Chinese-made cars , while switching government fleets to electric . The country is one of the world 's largest producers of green energy technology , although much of it is exported at present . More ambitious fixes have been proposed , including more "  meteorological support services " -- such as cloud seeding -- as well as a giant "  vacuum cleaner " designed by a Dutch artist , and skyscraper-mounted sprinklers . These solutions , their inventors promise , will either trap or wash the smog away . Naked run A novel approach to highlighting the problem came on Sunday as more than 300 runners , according to official news sources , took to Beijing Olympic Park wearing no more than their underwear -- and in at least one instance a gas mask -- to join a "  naked run " protesting the city 's poor air quality . The best defense is a good smog A silver lining to the smog-cloud might be the military advantage it offers . Chinese military theorist Rear Admiral Zhang Zhaozhong told the Beijing Youth Daily that smog could be a defense against "  laser weapons " , given that heavy smog can impede or block the technology . "  Smog with PM2 .5 readings of 500-600 is virtually impenetrable to lasers . In clear weather , laser weapons have a range of 10 kilometers , but smog can reduce this to less than 1 kilometer , " he said , although later was forced to defend his remarks against accusations of naivety and advocating a reckless defense theory .	Beijing experiences Orange smog alert for the first time Government and individuals put forward a variety of solutions to air pollution crisis Air pollution index scores of 400 far exceed recommended levels Economics trump environment as factories shown to be leading contributors
CNN  -- Viola Davis got a nod for best actress from the Academy this year for her role as Aibileen Clark in "  The Help , " and she must win , despite the controversy about the movie and the role she plays in it . If you believe what you read on blogs , black women long to be represented on screens large and small as rounded , complex characters , rather than wise , downtrodden burden-bearers and hot-blooded angry sex machines . Some say they want more black people telling black stories , which would be reasonable , if it were true . I have been black a long time , and I can tell you that black folks are a persnickety lot . To get consensus , things have to be done The Right Way -- but there 's no consensus on what that looks like . However , we seem to know what it is not . Lee Daniels ' "  Monster 's Ball " and "  Precious " contained the wrong message  white people saving black people  and "  For Colored Girls " was tainted by Tyler Perry , a gifted director and storyteller given to more commercial fare , whom some saw as the wrong messenger . The Popes of Blackness rarely agree on anything . One thing is certain -- Davis takes on a difficult role and breathes life into a hero who is inspiring , enraging , familiar and extraordinary . It is odious that the nominating committee gravitates to black people playing into conventional stereotypes . Nevertheless , that is not Viola Davis ' fault . Given the state of the union , I think most any actor would be lucky to get work as a tree , forget about the layered role of a conflicted domestic in America 's civil rights-era South . It is an incredible part , and Davis nails it . Not everyone is happy about that . You may recall that back when the film was released in theaters , the aforementioned Popes espoused their disgust for a black woman acting as a domestic , which naturally made white audiences curious , turning both the movie and the novel it was based on into something of a sensation . I 'm not sure why white folks loved "  The Help " so much -- maybe because many of them grew up with an Aibileen of their own . Films outside the comfort zone of mainstream black audiences seem to attract mainstream patronage en masse . Not that it matters , but from "  Birth of a Nation " to "  The Color Purple " and "  Glory , " black outrage often translates to box-office gold . Maybe mainstream audiences are more willing to confront difficult stories objectively , as opposed to bringing all their discontent and political baggage and such while shouting expletives at the movie screen . I do n't know what some black folks want from a film -- the Hollywood machine is an ugly marriage of art and business , propaganda and entertainment . People going to the cineplex in search of edification or some ethereal , cathartic moment of spiritual actualization should be in school or church -- because they expect more than they reasonably should from a movie . Author Kathryn Stockett once referred to her novel as "  civil rights fiction , " which sounds more like bad PR coaching than a claim to take too seriously . The film , like the novel , is not about civil rights -- it is about prejudice , privilege and the price of dignity . It is about the things you learn about people when you step out of your comfort zone . The actress Octavia Spencer does her part , but Viola Davis carries this film on her back . Some may be discouraged to see a black woman get an Oscar nod for playing a house cleaner -- never mind that women in their 40s of every stripe are having a hard time everywhere in Hollywood . Viola Davis is a gifted actor -- smokin ' hot ! -- but not buxom , biracial or conventionally beautiful . She already has a truckload of Tony and other theater awards , just got a SAG award , and works steadily . Her nomination pushes an opening door even further , soliciting an appreciation for the beauty of dark skin , full eyes and lips , and a new beauty aesthetic for Hollywood to consider . "  The Help " is decried for being a work of white liberal guilt porn , schmaltzy and sentimental -- which it is . But so what ? There are flaws in the film , but Viola Davis is not one of them . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of jimi izrael .	Viola Davis is nominated for an Oscar ; jimi izrael says she must win He says black women would like to see better roles that show them as rounded , complex He says Davis ' role might be stereotypical , but she breathes life into it , makes it extraordinary izrael : Some may complain , but Davis may be opening the door wider for blacks in movies
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Days after Columbus Short 's wife publicly alleged he threatened to kill her and himself with a knife , the actor on the hit ABC TV series "  Scandal " has called it quits . "  At this time I must confirm my exit from a show I 've called home for 3 years , with what is the most talented ensemble on television today , " said Short in an official statement released by his publicist on Friday . Short , 31 , has played Harrison Wright , a member of fixer Olivia Pope 's team since the Season 1 of the show . Recently , Short 's personal life has been also been in the spotlight . Wife accuses actor of violence Last week the actor 's wife , Tanee Short , filed an affidavit asking for a restraining order to keep her husband away from her and their 2-year-old daughter . She also filed for divorce from her husband of almost nine years , citing irreconcilable differences . A judge signed a temporary restraining order and set a hearing for May 6 to decide whether it would be extended . "  As much as I would like to provide my side of events , my counsel has instructed me that a Court of law is the only and proper venue to deal with such matters , " Short said at the time , in a statement released to CNN through his publicist . "  Accordingly , I must refrain from making any comments even though that is very difficult for me under the circumstances . " The actor has been to jail at least three times in the past three months after accusations of violence , according to court filings . The Season 3 finale of "  Scandal " aired April 17 on ABC . Just like the plot of the show , the premiere date of Season 4 of the hit series remains a cliffhanger . CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report	"  At this time I must confirm my exit from a show , " Columbus Short says in statement ABC yet to announce premiere date of Season 4 of "  Scandal " Tanee Short has alleged three violent incidents by her husband in three months A judge has signed a restraining order and she has filed for divorce
CNN  -- George Clooney will soon be a brief part of "  Downton Abbey , " and for a good cause . A rep for the show 's UK network , ITV , says the actor will appear in a "  Downton " - related film made for ITV 's charity program , "  Text Santa . " The annual fund-raiser drums up support for six UK charities , including Alzheimer 's Society and Teenage Cancer Trust . No other details were provided regarding the special program , but ITV said that Clooney will not be in any episodes of the show . If he were , he 'd be among old friends . Clooney cast "  Downton Abbey 's " Hugh Bonneville  Robert Crawley  in his 2014 World War II film , "  The Monuments Men . " The fifth season of "  Downton Abbey " will premiere in the United States on PBS on January 4 . George Clooney lets wedding details slip	George Clooney will appear in a "  Downton Abbey " - related film The project is being created for charity program "  Text Santa " Clooney wo n't appear in any episodes of "  Downton Abbey "
CNN  -- The New York Times ' acknowledgment in its Thursday editions that Chinese hackers carried out sustained attacks on its computer systems should be a wake-up call to any company around the world that trades in information , according to computer security experts . "  When you 're dealing with an adversary with significant resources like the Chinese -- or the United States , for that matter -- you need to take some pretty extreme steps , " said Chris Soghoian , principal technologist for the American Civil Liberty Union 's Speech Privacy and Technology Project . "  Off-the-shelf antivirus software is not going to be enough . " That 's because consumer antivirus software from business-supply stores such as Staples will not protect computer owners from state-sponsored actors , he said . "  Staples , hopefully , will protect you from a scammer trying to steal your bank account , or a Russian criminal gang trying to put a key logger on your computer . There is no commercial software that is going to keep you safe from a determined government , " Soghoian said . According to The Times , the cyberassaults took place over four months , beginning during an investigation by the newspaper into the wealth reportedly accumulated by relatives of the Chinese premier , Wen Jiabao . The Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday that its computer systems also had been infiltrated by Chinese hackers . The hackers were monitoring the newspaper 's China coverage , according to a written statement from Paula Keve , chief communications officer for parent company Dow Jones & Co. . "  Evidence shows that infiltration efforts target the monitoring of the Journal 's coverage of China , and are not an attempt to gain commercial advantage or to misappropriate customer information , " it read . "  If you 're a newspaper focusing on issues that are going to upset governments , then you need to invest in security as well , " Soghoian said . Chinese authorities responded to the Times ' reports on Wen 's family members by blocking access to The Times ' website in mainland China . The Times said that it had worked with computer security experts to monitor , study and then eject the attackers . It said that by following their movements , it aimed to "  erect better defenses to block them " in the future . Experts : Chinese cyberattacks on West widespread Such efforts are becoming more important as the incidence of hacking appears to grow , Soghoian said . "  The first thing you do is make sure that everything you have is encrypted both in storage or transmission , " he said . That way , if a reporter leaves a laptop in a hotel room in Beijing and the police try to copy it while the reporter is out of the room , it is protected , he said . But such efforts are not cheap . "  You have to hire a bunch of internal security people , " he said . "  But if you 're the newspaper of record and you 're talking to whistle-blowers who would go to jail or be tortured or arrested if they talked to you , then you need to take adequate steps . " The same message applies to any journalist who talks to sensitive sources , particularly in government , in the intelligence or defense communities , he said . "  Those journalists need to take real steps , take significant steps to shield the identities of their sources . " Soghoian said that , in his experience , few reporters appear to meet that standard . "  Most journalists do n't know much about digital security , " he said . "  The number of journalists that I communicate with using encrypted e-mails I can probably count on one hand . The number of journalists who would even know how to open an encrypted e-mail is not something to feel confident about . " Stories about China are not the only ones that reporters should be cautious about , said Peter Toren , a partner in the Washington law firm Weisbrod Matteis & Copley and a former prosecutor with the computer crime and intellectual property section of the Department of Justice . "  Certainly , if I 'm writing a story that implicates somebody who is sophisticated in computer hacking , I would be concerned , " said Toren , whose expertise includes the area of economic espionage . His feeling is that the incidence of such attacks is growing , but he acknowledged that it 's impossible to quantify . "  You only really find out about it when people are caught , and a lot of organizations do n't necessarily report the hacks or the successful intrusions because they do n't want to be embarrassed . " Toren added , "  I think just the mere fact that the New York Times admits they were the victim of hacks is something new . " Law firms are also frequent targets because they tend to take fewer security precautions than do the companies they represent , "  and law firms are in possession of some important information , " he said . In response , he said , the FBI met last year with security experts at some of New York 's largest firms to help them beef up security . The threat extends to any organization in which information that is worth money is stored on computers -- "  which is just about every organization and every business , " he said . Prosecutions for hacking are rare and almost impossible to win when an attack is launched from outside the United States , a fact that the hackers exploit , he said . "  It 's just as easy to hack into an American computer from China as it is from Washington , D.C. , given that there are no boundaries in cyberspace . " One reason companies can get into trouble is because employees are often easy to victimize , said Hemu Nigam , an Internet security analyst and founder and CEO of SSP Blue , which advises companies on Internet security . "  Your security is as good as your weakest link in the company , " said Nigam , who is a former chief security officer of News Corp. . All that 's necessary to introduce malware into a company 's computer system is for an employee to "  click on something that sounds exciting , " he said . From a security perspective , companies tend to be good at blocking access to their computers through the main entryway , but they tend to do less well blocking other entries , Nigam said . "  Take a house -- you bolt the front door ; somebody breaks in the back door ; then they can go into every room of your house . Companies have to think about closing all the doors around the house and also put a bolt on every door in the house . " Finding vulnerabilities is not hard for experts , he said . "  Every single client we 've had , we have successfully broken into their network to identify vulnerabilities , and helped them fix them . " News organizations tend to be among those with laxer security , he said . "  From a philosophical approach , it actually makes sense that they would find themselves open to an attack like this , " he said , since news organizations , by their very nature , tend to be focused on open access to information . Countries have been using cyber methods to attack each other for at least 15 years , but that fact has only recently gained widespread attention , he said . "  People often say the Cold War has ended ; the reality is the Cold War has gone digital . " But the Cold War of the last century rarely affected normal citizens or companies , and that is no longer the case , he said . "  Because of the way the world is now connected through the Internet , a regular company can find itself in the middle of Cold War activity , which tells us that every company out there ought to think of security as one of their No. 1 activities . Otherwise , they risk becoming a pawn between two governments having a silent battle against each other . " The United States has its own powerful counterintelligence machine , and that should surprise no one , he said . "  If you have a country that knows how to use the power of the Internet and knows how to take advantage of counterintelligence activity through methods like hacking , they will certainly engage in it ; otherwise , they will be left behind and they well become sitting ducks . " Asked about The Times ' allegations on Thursday , a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry said that "  all such alleged attacks are groundless , irresponsible accusations lacking solid proof or reliable research results . " "  What else would you say ? " asked Nigam rhetorically . "  Of course , you have to say that . If the U.S. government were accused of something similar , the public relations machine would also say the exact same things . " China has been the victim of cyberattacks and "  has laws and regulations prohibiting such actions , " the spokesman , Hong Lei , said at a regular news briefing . A separate statement from the Chinese Ministry of National Defense said the country 's military "  has never supported any hacker activities . " On Thursday , it appeared that television censors in China were blacking out CNN 's reporting of the hacking story . Chinese authorities have blacked out the broadcast signal for international television stations such as CNN and the BBC when they have aired sensitive reports about the country .	"  You need to take some pretty extreme steps , " ACLU expert says Journalists tend to not be savvy about digital security , he says Attorney : Cyberattacks from abroad are rarely prosecuted "  The Cold War has gone digital , " security analyst says
Berlin , Germany  CNN  -- You 'll have a hard time finding another city in Europe whose recent history has been more influenced by the United States than Berlin . In the German capital near the Brandenburg Gate -- right where the Wall used to divide this town into communist Eastern and capitalist Western sides -- the U.S. Embassy recently set up a plaque commemorating Ronald Reagan 's 1987 speech where the 40th president called on then Soviet leader Mikhael Gorbachev to , "  tear down this wall . " Just a ten minute drive away you reach the former Checkpoint Charlie , the scene of a major standoff between American and Russian tanks in 1961 that brought the world close to nuclear war . And just another ten minutes away you find the city hall of the district of SchÃ ¶ neberg , where John F. Kennedy held his famous speech in 1963 , pledging allegiance with this city on the front line of the Cold War and finishing with the famous words , "  Ich bin ein Berliner . " My own history is reflected in this special relationship Berlin has with the U.S. as well . In the late 1970 's and early 1980 's my father worked as the East Berlin correspondent for West German TV . I went through the Berlin Wall every morning from East to West to get to kindergarten . In 1982 we moved to Washington D.C , where America embraced us immediately and we embraced American culture . Today , my family and I live in Berlin . Germans have a lot to thank America for . Berliners have a lot to thank America for . They know that . It does not mean they have to like all American policies or the current state of American politics . Clemens Wergin , foreign editor of Die Welt newspaper , says most Germans are well informed about the state of the election campaigns . "  Given that America is still the superpower , people tend to inform themselves quite regularly about the states and U.S. politics , " Wergin told CNN , noting that a vast majority of Germans would vote for the incumbent president if given the option . "  This is because Democrats usually are seen to be more in tune with some core European beliefs regarding welfare , the use of military force , the role of religion in society or social issues such as abortion or gun rights . " Furthermore , many Germans equate Mitt Romney with the policies of the Bush administration -- and positions he staked out during the primary season have toughened many Germans ' views of the Republican nominee . Many believe Romney will further cut social programs in the U.S. and repeal Obamacare -- not the most popular stance in a country like Germany , which has a very large public health care system . In 2008 , then-Senator Obama used Berlin as a stage for a major foreign policy speech . More than 200,000 Berliners and expats showed up to watch the man promising change after eight years of George W. Bush alienated many Germans -- and led them to fundamentally question whether the U.S. and Europe were finally drifting apart for good . Now , four years later , the mood is more subdued and the Obama hype has cooled down . "  He has lost some of his appeal and people realized that he could n't deliver the change he promised , " says Wergin , an assessment many Berliners would agree with . Interest in American politics and the upcoming election is waning not only due to a perceived decline of American power , but also because Germany and Europe are grappling with a financial crisis that has propelled Germany into the leadership role the country has tried to avoid since the end of World War II . Therefore , it is no surprise that the race for the White House only rarely makes it to the top of the news agenda in Germany . It was may have been front page news after the presidential and vice presidential debates , but the campaign remains buried deep in the "  international news " sections on most other days . The U.S. has been all but absent as the European Union deals with the biggest economic and identity crisis in its history . Meanwhile , Germany is awkwardly finding itself in the role that the U.S. used to fulfill for many Europeans : the major power , hated for seemingly bullying smaller countries to follow its lead , but also admired because it is the only one with the stability and financial firepower to come to terms with the crisis . Strangely , a tour around Berlin illustrates this new balance of power as well . The plaques , monuments , and historical sites that illustrate America 's sacrifices for this country and this city are still here , but they 're from an era that has passed . A new Berlin has risen and forged for itself a new and very unique identity as a major political and cultural center in the heart of Europe . Germany and its capital city have grown up and evolved . They will take note of American politics , but ultimately American politics will not steer them away from the course they are charting for themselves and for Europe .	Few cities ' recent history has been more influenced by the U.S. than Berlin While Berliners have a lot to thank U.S. for , that does n't mean they like U.S. policies American policies will not divert Berlin from charting course of Europe
CNN  -- Thus far , NBC 's late-night transition has been like butter . Jay Leno hosted his final episode of "  The Tonight Show " on February 6 with massive celebrity support and even bigger ratings , and Jimmy Fallon took over on February 17 with the same level of excitement . But there 's still one more piece of the Peacock 's puzzle left to be added : Seth Meyers . At 12:35 a.m. , the 40-year-old "  Saturday Night Live " star will step behind the desk of "  Late Night " and occupy a chair once filled by David Letterman , Conan O'Brien and , directly before him , his pal and fellow "  Saturday Night Live " alum Fallon . With that kind of history , it goes without saying that there 's pressure on Meyers not to screw up . Yet instead of marching in and tearing down "  Late Night 's " past , Meyers is planning to keep tradition intact while playing to his strengths . After 12 years on "  SNL , " nine of which he served as head writer , Meyers is by all accounts more of a cerebral comedian than a performer . His colleagues give him credit for being the guy who 'd rather set up the joke than steal the thunder , and some of his best work does n't even include his face . See : Tina Fey as Sarah Palin : Or Louis C.K. as Abraham Lincoln : Or Amy Poehler killing it as a rapping Sarah Palin : "  There 's the class clown , and then there 's the guy who sits in the back and says an aside about the class clown , " Meyers said to The Wall Street Journal . "  That 's me . " On the surface , that tendency to hang back would make Meyers appear to be an ill fit for "  Late Night , " whose most recent host liked to slow jam the news , throw down in lip-sync battles and play beer hockey with guests . But as Fallon takes his eager energy over to "  The Tonight Show , " there 's more room in NBC 's line-up for a more even , straight player -- someone who can tackle politics with the same ease as a Kardashian scandal . Meyers ' first week of guests sets the stage for that kind of high-low mix : the first two guests on "  Late Night " will be his old "  SNL " co-star Amy Poehler , along with Vice President Joe Biden . "  We want it to be not just creative people in the showbiz world , but we 'd also love to have authors , politicians , athletes , " Meyers told reporters of his ideal guest list earlier this year . "  We are open to everything and hopefully can get interesting people on not only that the audience knows , but the audience can get to know . " Tweaking the type of guests "  Late Night " viewers are used to seeing is the kind of risk that Meyers ' "  Late Night " producer and champion , Lorne Michaels , wants to see . "  In my opinion , he has until next fall to find that show , " Michaels told New York Magazine . "  He should be taking chances . It ca n't spring full-blown from Zeus ' thigh on February 24 . I do n't want Seth to put pressure on himself or think that his show has to have that level of polish . It should find its way . I do think he 's way better prepared than Conan  O'Brien  was when he began . " Better prepared or not , there is one O'Brien trick that Meyers would like to incorporate . The format of "  Late Night " will still be pretty standard , with an opening monologue and an interview or two . But Meyers also wants to use his writing staff as a sort of communal sidekick that would allow him to do the kind of interviews with fictional characters fans remember from "  SNL . "  So does this mean that we 'll get to see Bill Hader 's now-retired character Stefon at some point ? "  Bill and I spoke during my last ` SNL , ' and we do think he 'll turn up eventually , " Meyers has said . "  I want it to look and have the framework of the classic late-night model , but this is real estate where you can try out everything , " he told USA Today . "  I liked how Conan used his writing staff to play different people . We have a writing staff that has a lot of that range . They 're great writers , but they 're also really funny performers . We are going to try to use them as often as we can . In a weird way , the closest thing I 'll have to a sidekick is my writing staff and the people they 'll play . " As the hour approaches , Meyers , a known "  worrier " with a tendency to decimate office furniture when he 's nervous , seems to have a zen approach to his late-night debut . He 's fully expecting to have low moments -- "  There 's no way I 'm not going to spin out , " as he told The Hollywood Reporter -- but he 's also taking this one episode at a time . " ` Weekend Update ' was a big thing to step into . ` SNL ' was a big thing to step into , " he told the Boston Globe . "  I think I 've found over the years , if you get too hung up on the legacy of what you are taking over , it gets in the way a little bit of doing the work . So our goal is just to try to do the funniest thing we can every night and get better each time out . "	Seth Meyers will take over "  Late Night " on February 24 He 's known for being a writer more than a performer But playing the straight guy can work to his advantage on "  Late Night " He 's planning to keep the classic late-night model with a few twists
CNN  -- Now that the midterm elections are over , the presidential election begins . A significant number of potential candidates in both parties participated in the midterm elections , understanding that this was an important opportunity to enhance their national profile and to demonstrate what they could do for their party . The candidates are also shrewd enough to understand that the congressional environment and legislative relations with President Barack Obama will shape the political landscape for 2016 . So , how did all the big players do ? Hillary Clinton The results were mixed for the former secretary of state . Without any question , the defeat of the Democrats in the Senate campaigns and the plummeting approval ratings of the President for whom she served pose a big challenge for her . The candidates she supported did n't do so well . The new Congress will offer a powerful platform for the Republican Party to keep chipping away at the President , and Obama will have trouble passing any bills that she can in turn boast about on the campaign trail . Meanwhile , the results are no doubt going to embolden some Republicans , someone such as Jeb Bush perhaps , to step into a presidential fight they might otherwise have skipped . One bit of good news for her , though , is that the Republican Congress will offer a perfect foil . Nobody has been better at using the theme of Republican extremism than Clinton , an approach she honed while first lady as a way to push back against an aggressive GOP in the 1990s . If Republicans have trouble controlling themselves as the party in power , Clinton will be in perfect position to bring back the arguments about the dangers of right-wing extremism and to remind voters that while she served in the Senate , she was able to build rather than burn bridges . Chris Christie Speaking of bridges , the New Jersey governor received a much-needed boost from these elections . The governor has been struggling to regain his standing ever since "  Bridgegate " ended the air of inevitability that surrounded his candidacy . Until recently , Christie was damaged goods . The pundits speculated as to whether he would survive . Yet Christie resisted the pressure to close up shop . And , most importantly , he used his position as the chairman of the Republican Governors Association to rebuild his national profile and demonstrate that he could still deliver Republican votes -- and campaign contributions . With high-profile gubernatorial victories in Wisconsin , Michigan , Florida and possibly Massachusetts , Christie comes out of the elections in much better shape . Though he suffered some losses in states such as New Hampshire , there were enough big wins to strengthen his reputation . Of course , the irony is that the victories of several high-profile Republicans , such as Scott Walker in Wisconsin , will create new problems , since that particular governor might very well run in 2016 . Scott Walker So far , Walker has survived controversy of his own , and this strong re-election win is sure to energize his supporters . He is clearly much more damaged as a candidate than a few years ago after facing a recall election . That came about from a row over curtailing the bargaining rights for public employee union members . But many Republicans are enamored with the tough-on-unions Walker , with his executive experience in a Democratic state . Martin O'Malley The relatively unknown Democratic outgoing governor from Maryland does n't come out of the elections in any better shape than when he started . Unlike Republican Rand Paul or Democrat Elizabeth Warren , O'Malley did n't shine on the campaign trail . Worse , in a major upset , Democrat Anthony Brown lost out in the race to succeed him to Republican Larry Logan . O'Malley 's critics will be asking why he could n't deliver . Elizabeth Warren She continues to insist that she wo n't run . But the midterms were good for Sen. Warren , even if Democrats took a thumping . Warren has positioned herself as a critic of her own party , warning President Obama and others that they have not been doing enough for struggling middle class Americans . Exit polls suggesting economic concerns were front and center for much of the electorate seem to bolster her approach . The thumping Democrats suffered Tuesday night will surely prompt more soul-searching within the party and pressure for a candidate who , unlike Clinton , seems to offer fresh ideas . Ted Cruz On the surface , the midterm results look like a great thing for Sen. Cruz . After all , he is the conservative firebrand who has spent the past year campaigning for candidates and making the case that the Republican Party is alive and well . He has been a superstar as he has shaped the conversation within the GOP . But now that Cruz is in the majority , he will also be under greater scrutiny , and his ability to govern will be tested -- until now , the senator has seemed to enjoy the role of maverick and the freedom that comes from being the party of opposition . At a time when many Republicans will see the 2014 elections as evidence that the establishment is in better shape to win than the tea party , he can also expect to start receiving push back from his own party . Marco Rubio Rubio was once the clear frontrunner for the GOP in 2016 . But his star has faded over time , not least because his party killed most efforts to pass immigration reform . Other candidates , such as Cruz and Sen. Rand Paul , also stole some of his conservative thunder . Still , as part of the Senate majority , Rubio now has an opportunity to show what he can do . With Cruz dismissed by critics as the ultraconservative Republican , Rubio has a chance to show that he can govern and form the kind of coalitions -- within his own party and maybe with centrist Democrats -- that would be attractive to voters frustrated with Washington . If he could somehow build momentum on immigration reform , Rubio could yet emerge as one of the stronger Republican candidates in the 2016 primaries . Rand Paul If anyone doubted that Rand Paul is thinking of running for president , his intentions now should be crystal clear . Paul posted photographs on his Facebook page of Clinton campaigning with candidates who lost . And in Kentucky , Paul said in an interview that voters had rejected both Clintons and what they stood for . Paul has shaped himself into one of the more exciting voices in the GOP . But he still has many potential liabilities , including the anti-interventionist foreign policy position he has staked out , at a moment when there seem to be multiple crises demanding U.S. attention . However , he has also consistently drawn huge crowds on the campaign trail , and he has been able to position himself as a new voice in the party . This suggests he might be able to tap into the enthusiasm of tea party Republicans , while still appealing to younger voters who usually shy away from the GOP . He might also be able to appeal to mainstream Republicans looking for a candidate such as then-Sen . Barack Obama back in 2008 . Being part of the majority will give him a greater opportunity to showcase his arguments . Jeb Bush The former governor of Florida comes out of this election with a party that has momentum and feels that a presidential victory is possible in 2016 . They will be searching for a candidate who can win , and for many Republicans , that person is Jeb Bush . The voting Tuesday seemed to confirm that establishment Republicans are the way forward for the party , and no one represents the establishment like Bush . Bush also continues to stick to his position on issues such as immigration that separate him from others in his party . Mitt Romney Though he insists that he wo n't run , the truth is that the midterms have bolstered the notion that he should . Romney showed that he is still a valuable asset on the campaign trail , and that he can deliver on fundraising . And as the speculation about him running intensified ahead of Tuesday 's vote , there was a distinct sense that he was n't quite as set against the idea as before . The odds remain slim that he 'll run , never mind win . But those odds look shorter than they did . These are n't the only potential candidates whose stock rose or fell Tuesday night . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , for one , will likely be trying to figure out what this election means for his aspirations . As will John Kasich , Ohio 's Republican governor , who won re-election soundly . And that is one thing that Tuesday did not change -- the possibility that a candidate could come out of nowhere . In the meantime , even as some votes are still being counted , Democrats and Republicans across the country will be mulling over this week 's election to determine whether there is enough in the results to suggest that they might be the best candidate for 2016 .	Midterms have only just finished , but 2016 race has begun , Julian Zelizer says Hillary Clinton had a mixed night Tuesday , Zelizer says Zelizer : Rand Paul surely laid to rest doubts he 's running
Athens  CNN  -- The leader of Greece 's extreme right wing Golden Dawn party and four party lawmakers were charged Sunday with forming and participating in a criminal gang . Nikos Michaloliakos and the other four -- all members of parliament -- left the Athens prosecutor 's office in handcuffs , escorted by counterterrorism officers in bullet proof vests and balaclavas . It is the first time since the restoration of democracy in 1974 , following a seven-year junta , that a party leader and members of parliament have been arrested . Michaloliakos ' arrests and those of the lawmakers -- Elias Kassidiaris , Elias Panagiotaros , Ioannis Lagos and Nikos Mihos -- are part of a crackdown following a controversial stabbing death . At least 10 more people have been arrested , including Golden Dawn party members , police said . More than 30 warrants were issued as police operations were launched across Greece Saturday . One more Golden Dawn lawmaker is still being sought , police said . Pavlos Fyssas , a popular anti-fascist figure and well-known hip-hop artist with the stage name Killah P , was the victim of the knife attack that was allegedly committed by a Golden Dawn supporter . Clashes broke out in a working-class Athens suburb this month , as Fyssas ' death inflamed already growing concerns about the rising influence of Golden Dawn . The ultranationalist , anti-immigration party has been linked by critics to street violence and neo-Nazism . The violence came despite police raids of Golden Dawn offices and the arrest of a 45-year-old party supporter who police say admitted killing Pavlos Fyssas . Kassidiaris denied his party 's involvement in Fyssas ' death , calling it a "  heinous crime . " The singer 's death has nevertheless led to renewed calls to ban Golden Dawn The Greek constitution does not allow for political parties to be banned , however , and the arrested lawmakers will retain their parliamentary seats unless they are convicted of a crime . Golden Dawn holds 18 of Parliament 's 300 seats . Deputy Prime Minister Evangelos Venizelos , whose socialist Pasok party is part of the governing coalition , said Golden Dawn "  must be dealt with as a criminal organization . " In 2012 , the party rode a wave of dissatisfaction among some Greeks over internationally imposed austerity measures amid the country 's deep financial crisis , winning 7 % of the vote and gaining seats in parliament for the first time . Recent polls had seen support rise as high as 12 % . However , since Fyssas ' killing last week , opinion polls suggest that Golden Dawn 's popularity has dropped . A poll carried out from September 19 to 21 by Rass , for the Eleftheros Typos newspaper , indicated that support for Golden Dawn had fallen to 5.8 % , down from 8.3 % on September 15 . Back in 2009 , before the financial crisis and ensuing austerity measures hit Greeks hard , the party polled only 0.3 % .	Party leader Nikos Michaloliakos and others face charges of forming a criminal gang The arrests are part of a crackdown following the stabbing death of a hip-hop artist Kassidiaris has denied his party 's involvement in Fyssas ' death
CNN  -- The United States and Brazil jointly agreed on Tuesday to postpone Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff 's state visit to Washington next month due to controversy over reports the U.S. government was spying on her communications . Brazil protested recent disclosures of National Security Agency surveillance , which were included in media reports citing information apparently leaked by Edward Snowden , a former agency contractor who previously admitted leaking U.S. surveillance information to journalists . A White House statement announcing the postponement said President Barack Obama had previously ordered a thorough review of American intelligence activities , but it acknowledged that process would take several months to complete . As Brazil 's uproar over NSA grows , U.S. vows to work through tensions Rousseff spoke with Obama on the phone Monday in a last-minute attempt to patch things up , according to both governments . They decided for now to shelve the visit that had been scheduled for October 23 . Brazil still is not satisfied with the situation . "  The conditions for a state visit on the previously agreed date have n't been provided , " Rousseff 's office said . But the White House said the two agreed to a postponement because they did not want the visit to be "  overshadowed by a single bilateral issue , no matter how important or challenging the issue may be " and that the trip would be rescheduled . "  The president has said that he understands and regrets the concerns disclosures of alleged U.S. intelligence activities have generated in Brazil and made clear that he is committed to working together with President Rousseff and her government in diplomatic channels to move beyond this issue as a source of tension in our bilateral relationship , " the White House said . Brazil , Mexico summon U.S. ambassadors over espionage reports The reports alleged the NSA spied on Rousseff 's mobile phone and e-mail communications as well as those of many of her advisers and oil giant Petrobras . The reports embarrassed and outraged her , making the prospect of bilateral trade talks extremely difficult . The United States is Brazil 's second-biggest trading partner after China . The state visit was intended to bring the two biggest economies in the Americas closer together . A Brazilian president has n't embarked on a state visit to the United States in almost two decades . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Brazil has protested reports of US surveillance of President Dilma Rousseff 's phone , e-mail Obama has promised to look into matter , but White House says it will take months Brazil not happy with situation ; Obama , Rousseff talked on Monday to try and work it out Both government 's say decision to postpone state visit reached jointly ; will be rescheduled
CNN  -- Two people were shot dead and two sheriff 's deputies were wounded late Sunday afternoon outside a Walmart store in western Washington state , a Kitsap County Sheriff 's spokesman said . Three sheriff 's deputies responded to the scene around 3:45 p.m. Sunday after getting a call about a suspicious person "  from a bystander who had concerns about a person inside the store , " Deputy Scott Wilson said . The deputies approached one man outside the store 's south entrance , but -- rather than responding verbally -- he ran from the scene , turned around to face the deputies and began shooting . "  The deputies  called to him and said , ` Hey , we need to talk to you , ' " said Wilson . "  He turned around and shot at them , and they returned fire . " The male shooter was shot and later pronounced dead in the Walmart parking lot . As of Sunday night , authorities had not released his name , age or other details about him . A young female -- thought to be a teenager , said Wilson -- also was shot , with emergency personnel then transporting her to Tacoma General Hospital . She eventually died from her wounds . Wilson said authorities do n't know if the female victim knew the male shooting suspect or if she was an innocent bystander . The two deputies , both men with between five and 10 years of experience in the department , were sent to Tacoma General Hospital to be treated for what Wilson described as "  non-life-threatening " injuries . The third deputy , a woman , was n't hurt . Wilson described the situation as "  somewhat chaotic " but "  stabilized . " "  There is no danger to the community at this point , " he said . "  We think that all persons  who were  involved ... have been accounted for . " The Washington State Police were taking over as the lead investigative agency in the case , with the Kitsap County Sheriff 's Department also requesting assistance from the FBI . The incident occurred near one of the retail giant 's stores in Port Orchard , a town just west of Parkwood . Located on Sinclair Inlet , Port Orchard is about 30 miles north-northwest of Tacoma and across Puget Sound from Seattle . The store was locked down for about 20 minutes immediately after the shooting with about 100 people inside , Walmart customer Mike Lambert told CNN affiliate KIRO , with police tape used to cordon off the parking lot . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report	NEW : A sheriff 's deputy describes the situation as "  chaotic " but "  stabilized " Two people are shot dead in a Walmart parking lot in Port Orchard , Washington Two sheriff 's deputies are in Tacoma hospital with non-life-threatening injuries The male victim had turned and fired at the deputies , after they approached him
Yangon , Myanmar  CNN  -- After decades of a military junta rule , the south-east Asian country of Myanmar is opening up , and the government is working hard to welcome a plane loads of visitors from around the world . Myanmar 's turnaround from pariah state to becoming this year 's must-see destination has been remarkable . Much of the country is untouched and rich in both historic and architectural heritage . There is plenty to discover for the tourist who wants to go off the beaten track . Below CNN takes a look at some of Myanmar 's most magnificent treasures . Shwedagon Pagoda The golden stupa of Yangon 's 2,500-year-old Shwedagon Pagoda shines over the city . The pagoda is covered in hundreds of golden plates and there are thousands of encrusted diamonds on the stupa , glittering in all different colors , reflecting the rays of the sun . It 's a majestic site and impossible not to notice when visiting the former capital of Myanmar . "  In Myanmar , it is very important for our religion , " says Kyaw , a guide at Shwedagon . "  Because most people from here , mostly Buddhist people , have to come here at least one time in their life . " Myanmar is one of the world 's most devout Buddhist nations -- the majority of Burmese are Buddhists and the 100-meter-tall Shwedagon is their most sacred temple . Legend says it enshrines eight of Buddha 's hair , that were given to two merchant brothers by Buddha himself . At times the pagoda has also served as a rallying point and a source of strength against the former military regime , or as in the 1920s and 1930s resistance to British Colonial rule . Read more : 11 things to know before visiting Myanmar Colonial architecture in Yangon The architectural heritage of Yangon is rich and evidence of the former British Empire is almost at every corner . Buildings from the colonial era stretch out across the city , telling stories of a time long gone . Yangon has one of the highest number of colonial period buildings in all of south-east Asia , built during the British rule in Burma , which lasted from 1824 to 1948 . Buildings like the City Hall , the former High Court and Strand Hotel attract many visitors . But these iconic buildings are under threat , since renovating and preserving their crumbling facades is costly . The Yangon Heritage Trust is trying to ensure these buildings do n't meet a bulldozer , so the country 's past can be maintained . One building in particular could be seen as the monument to Myanmar 's political rebirth . The Secretariat , the Minister 's building during the British rule , has been standing empty for years , but played an important role in the history of Myanmar . This is where the leaders of the independence movement in the late 1940s were assassinated -- among them General Aung San , the father of Aung San Suu Kyi , Myanmar 's Nobel laureate , and a former political prisoner . That her father lost his life in the assassination room is one of the reasons why the Secretariat could now be preserved . "  I think just a couple of years ago this was not on the agenda at all and I think we were in real danger , " says chairman of the Yangon Heritage Trust , Thant Myint-U . Read more : Fast facts about Myanmar 's history Bagan , ancient city in the Mandalay region A journey through Myanmar inspires silence . And there is one journey in particular that in the 19th century inspired young poet Rudyard Kipling to write his poem "  On the Road to Mandalay " . Traveling along the lifeblood of the country -- the river Irrawaddy -- feels like being on a trek back in time . Along the river there are fishing villages where life has n't changed for decades . The cruise along the river gets you to places not so easily reached by car or rail . But there is one destination that leaves every visitor breathless -- Bagan . Bagan is an ancient city situated in central Myanmar , in the region of Mandalay . Considered one of the world 's most spectacular and significant archaeological sites , it consists of more than 2000 pagodas and temples built by the kings of Bagan between the 11th and 13th centuries . Marcus Allender , founder of travel site for Myanmar , Go-Myanmar , wants to simplify travel to the country . " -LSB- This -RSB- is a country that 's had massive shifts over the past 1000 years and there are dozens of ancient capitals , Bagan being the most famous one . There are loads of them and there is just so much to discover , " Allender says . "  And then when you get the Buddhism going through that , it 's a deeply religious country , -LSB- with -RSB- all the pagoda 's everywhere . It makes it special "	Myanmar is opening up to foreign visitors There are many ancient treasures and many tourists are now discovering this south-east Asian country Highlights include the Shwedagon Pagoda , the Colonial buildings in the city of Yangon and Bagan
CNN  -- Mitt Romney is expected to announce his vice presidential running mate any day , and the certain GOP nominee 's campaign is asking supporters to download "  Mitt 's VP " app , which has the primary purpose of sending a push notification with the name of Romney 's choice to users before the official announcement to the press . For the impatient , the Tech President blog has brought up an interesting possible early indicator : activity on potential picks ' Wikipedia pages . In the past , Wikipedia activity has spiked for vice presidential picks the day before an official announcement was made . In 2008 , hours before Republican candidate John McCain announced his vice presidential choice , Sarah Palin 's Wikipedia page was getting a heavy edit . According to The Washington Post , the then-Alaska governor 's page was changed 68 times the day before the announcement . In the 24 hours leading up to Obama 's running mate announcement , Joe Biden 's page was edited 40 times . While there 's no official list of people being considered by the Romney campaign , a few names have been bouncing around , including Rob Portman , Marco Rubio , Tim Pawlenty and Paul Ryan . The Tech President looked at Wikipedia activity for these and other potential choices on Monday , and though it found some interesting numbers , no one page has yet seen the one-day levels of activity experienced by Palin 's and Biden 's in ' 08 . On Monday , Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan had the most changes with 10 , but on Tuesday , Ohio Sen. Rob Portman took the lead with 16 changes made by a Wikipedia user called River8009 . The anonymous user deleted a section on controversies , a paragraph about NAFTA and various criticisms of Portman . When the seemingly biased edits were noticed , other Wikipedia users organized on Reddit message boards and acted to revert the changes and lock the page to prevent more tweaks . River8009 was flagged by Wikipedia for having a "  possible conflict of interest . " Marco Rubio 's Wikipedia page was also quite active on Tuesday , and the comments on the changes are an interesting peek at the Florida senator 's supporters and detractors . The primary argument was over whether to include a quote calling Rubio the "  crown prince of the tea party movement , " with some tea party members disputing the title . Recent Wikipedia edits could be the work of hopeful candidates wanting to look better to the Romney campaign as it deliberates  though a presidential candidate likely uses more than Wikipedia to vet vice presidential running mates  . It is also possible the Romney campaign has learned from the past coverage of Wikipedia edits and will only make changes gradually leading up to an official announcement .	In past elections , Wikipedia edits have served as signal for vice presidential picks Edits seem to increase right before a candidate is announced as running mate Sen. Rob Portman 's page had a spike in favorable edits on Tuesday
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , recovering from pancreatic cancer surgery , plans to be back on the bench when the Supreme Court resumes oral arguments in 17 days . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg also had surgery for colorectal cancer in September 1999 . Court spokeswoman Kathy Arberg said Friday that the 75-year-old justice is expected to be on hand for the next public session February 23 , when the court will hear appeals in two cases . Ginsburg remains hospitalized at New York 's Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center a day after undergoing surgery for the disease . Sources close to Ginsburg say that she continues to do well after surgery and that doctors and family remain cautiously optimistic . Those sources said she was resting comfortably and speaking with her staff about the court 's upcoming caseload . Watch friends talk about Ginsburg 's resilience " The justice could be released from the hospital next week . A court statement Thursday said she will probably remain in the hospital for seven to 10 days , according to her attending surgeon , Dr. Murray Brennan . "  Justice Ginsburg had no symptoms prior to the incidental discovery of the lesion during a routine annual check-up in late January at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda , Maryland , " the court said . The justices are on a month-long recess but return for a closed door conference February 20 . There is no word on whether Ginsburg will attend that meeting , among just the nine members of the court , to go over pending appeals . President Obama was hoping to speak with Ginsburg by phone later Friday , said White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs . Ginsburg underwent surgery for colorectal cancer in September 1999 . Court sources said she continued to work on pending cases while in her hospital bed and her subsequent recovery . Less than a month later , she appeared in public to give a speech and said , "  I am still mending but have progressed steadily . " She never missed a day on the bench . The Brooklyn , New York , native has been on the federal bench since 1980 , the past 15 on the high court , where she is the he only female justice .	Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg expects to return to the bench by February 23 The only woman on the Supreme Court is hospitalized with pancreatic cancer It is her second bout with cancer She was treated for colon cancer in 1999-2000
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Fighters pushed Sunday to the outskirts of one of Moammar Gadhafi 's last bastions of support , setting the stage for possible clashes ahead of this week 's deadline for loyalists of the ousted leader to surrender . Libya 's new leaders gave Gadhafi loyalists in Sirte , Bani Walid and a handful of towns until Saturday to surrender or face military force . "  We 're giving them a chance to come forward and negotiate surrender , " Col. Ahmed Bani , spokesman for the National Transitional Council 's defense ministry , told reporters Sunday . But there were indications that fighters were planning to enter Bani Walid , where a powerful tribe is sympathetic to Gadhafi , before the deadline . One of Gadhafi 's sons , Saadi Gadhafi , told CNN 's Nic Robertson in a phone conversation that negotiations aimed at a cease-fire had been going well , but that an "  aggressive " speech broadcast by his brother , Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , a few days ago caused talks to break down . He said he saw no further point in negotiating and believes the NTC is ready to go into Bani Walid . NTC negotiator Abdallah Kinshel said the planned talks fell apart after local leaders refused to come to the designated meeting spot -- a mosque outside of town -- and demanded the NTC fighters come into the town unarmed . The anti-Gadhafi forces refused . "  As far as we are concerned , negotiations are over from our side , " Kinshel said . "  Military commanders must determine what the next steps will be . " Asked his location , Saadi Gadhafi said he is "  a little bit outside " of Bani Walid but had been moving around . "  It seems that his options are running out , " Robertson said . Saadi Gadhafi said he had not seen his father or brother for two months . He said he is "  neutral " and not on his father 's side or that of the rebels , but remains "  ready to help negotiate a cease-fire . " NTC fighters positioned outside Bani Walid said they remain unwilling to shed blood or fire shots . "  Some tribal leaders and many of the residents have surrendered their weapons , but there are still many loyalists who are protecting Moammar Gadhafi and his sons , " National Transitional Council media coordinator Adel Zintani said . The deadline was extended by a week to curb further bloodshed and prevent further destruction , military commanders have said . "  This extension does not mean we are unaware of what Gadhafi 's accomplices are up to , " NTC chairman Mustafa Abdul Jalil said at a news conference , countering earlier criticism that a grace period might give Gadhafi 's forces to regroup . But Gadhafi 's spokesman , who has not been seen since Tripoli fell , said key tribal leaders in Bani Walid remain loyal to the ousted leader . Musa Ibrahim , in a telephone call from an undisclosed location , told Reuters that the transitional council 's messages "  are not being heeded here in Bani Walid . " Ibrahim also told Reuters that Gadhafi remained in Libya , though he said he did not know where . He did say Gadhafi was well defended . Anti-Gadhafi forces were positioned around the former leader 's hometown of Sirte as well as Bani Walid , Jalil said Saturday . Asked to comment Sunday on a report that the NTC knows Gadhafi 's whereabouts , Col. Bani refused to do so . Ali Tarhouni , interim deputy prime minister and oil minister of the NTC , said Bani Walid was close to falling . "  It 's possible , although we are not sure , that the Bani Walid  tribe  has joined the revolution , and now it 's under control of the revolutionaries , " he said . Anti-Gadhafi fighters from the east pushed toward Bani Walid Saturday with virtually no resistance . They were able to reach El Mardum , which sits on the border of Bani Walid province and is home to Khamis Gadhafi 's 32nd Brigade base . The anti-Gadhafi forces entered the base and arrested three men in civilian clothes they claim were loyalists . They also took seven armored personnel carriers . Tarhouni said Libya 's new leadership will move their headquarters from Benghazi to Tripoli this week to begin implementing political plans to shape a new future . But for the time being , guns trump government on the streets of the capital . Tripoli has become a city of checkpoints , weapons and no real authority as the threat of Gadhafi 's loyalists lingers . Jittery and suspicious anti-Gadhafi fighters blocked a road Saturday where a drive-by shooting occurred earlier . They collected weapons and registered them at police stations . Those who called themselves rebels just a week ago were now working with Tripoli 's law enforcement authorities . With Gadhafi 's armories emptied , guns -- always in large supply in Libya -- have proliferated on the streets . Those who want to carry weapons now must be issued identification cards , but the selection process is not centralized -- neighborhood councils are making that decision . A group called the Tripoli Revolutionary Council is trying to exert control over the city , creating the potential for further conflict with the established National Transitional Council in a volatile situation . Tarhouni announced Saturday the formation of the Supreme Security Committee , which held its first meeting Friday . Among the priorities for the committee were the protection of public institutions and weapons in Tripoli . The transitional council , meanwhile , is trying to get Libya 's oil-dependent economy going again . It expects to restart oil production at the Misla and Sarir oil fields in less than two weeks , Tarhouni said . In related news , Cuba withdrew its ambassador from Libya , saying it does not recognize the NTC . CNN 's Arwa Damon , Ben Wedeman , Mohammed Tawfeeq and Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	NEW : Gadhafi 's son says he is willing to negotiate a cease-fire "  As far as we are concerned , negotiations are over , " NTC negotiator says "  No comment " on a report that the NTC knows Gadhafi 's whereabouts Libya 's new leaders have given Gadhafi loyalists until Saturday to surrender
CNN  -- Here 's a tip for dairy farmers : If you want your cows to produce more milk , get to know them better . Herdsman Paul Nelson of Eachwick Red House Farm , Newcastle , England , with Highlight the cow . So says a study out of Newcastle University in northeast England , published online Wednesday in the academic journal Anthrozoos . The researchers found that farmers who named their cows Betsy or Gertrude or Daisy improved their overall milk yield by almost 500 pints  284 liters  annually . "  Just as people respond better to the personal touch , cows also feel happier and more relaxed if they are given a bit more one-to-one attention , " Catherine Douglas of the university 's School of Agriculture , Food and Rural Development said in a news release . "  By placing more importance on the individual , such as calling a cow by her name or interacting with the animal more as it grows up , we can not only improve the animal 's welfare and her perception of humans , but also increase milk production . " Douglas and her colleagues questioned 516 dairy farmers in the United Kingdom . Almost half said they called the cows on their farms by name and reported a higher milk yield . A press statement from the university , touting the study , quoted Dennis Gibb , who co-owns a dairy farm outside of Newcastle , called Eachwick Red House Farm . "  We love our cows here at Eachwick , and every one of them has a name , " Gibb said . "  Collectively , we refer to them as ` our ladies , ' but we know every one of them and each one has her own personality . "	Study in the U.K. finds cows treated with personal touch increase milk production Farmers who named their cows got almost 500 more pints annually Dairy farmer : "  We love our cows ... and every one of them has a name " Researchers questioned 516 dairy farmers in the United Kingdom
CNN  -- Tech visionary Steve Jobs understood better than anyone the impulse to believe that technology can solve our most complex societal problems . "  Unfortunately it just ai n't so , " he said . "  We need to attack these things at the root , which is people and how much freedom we give people . ... I wish it was as simple as giving it over to the computer . " That 's certainly true when it comes to education , particularly in impoverished communities . As a founder of two organizations that recruit top college graduates to expand educational opportunity , I 've spent a lot of time examining what 's at work in successful classrooms and schools over the past two decades . In every classroom where students are excelling against the odds , there 's a teacher who 's empowered her students to work hard to realize their potential . Whenever I ask the leaders of successful schools their secret , the answer is almost always the same : people , people , people . They are obsessed with recruiting and developing the best teams . Research confirms that great teachers change lives . Students with one highly effective elementary school teacher are more likely to go to college , less likely to become pregnant as teens and earn tens of thousands more over their lifetimes . Faced with the choice between giving every child in a school his or her own laptop or putting 30 of them in a classroom with one exceptional teacher , there 's no question which is the better investment . So it 's disappointing to see more and more people herald technology as an educational panacea while dismissing the indispensable role of people . In a recent article on this site , Richard Galant asked whether we 'd be better off ditching teachers , giving kids computers and leaving them to their own devices to teach themselves and each other . The idea is based on the work of Sugata Mitra , an education professor who set up an experiment in India where he gave children in the slums access to a "  computer in the wall " and found that without guidance , they were soon using it to learn on their own . Galant 's piece could leave the impression that teachers are obsolete and that their main function is to enforce discipline and administer tests .  Instead of spending money on teachers , Mitra recruits cheerleading "  grannies , " older women from the UK who offer the kids words of praise and encouragement via Skype . The idea that computers can ever replace teachers and schools reveals a deep lack of understanding about the role leadership plays in student success . When Anam Palla started teaching ninth and 10th grades at an all-girls school in Pakistan , her students were performing four years behind grade level and many considered themselves nalaiq  incapable  . She set a mission that each of her girls would gain the skills and self-confidence to become contributing members of society . "  My first task was to build a sense of responsibility in the girls towards their own learning and success , which would be achieved by collaborating with other members of the class and the community at large , " she says . Today , here students are not only thriving academically , they are empowered and independent young women . Now , I 'm no Luddite . Technology has enormous potential to address educational needs more efficiently , help teachers improve their performance and enrich and individualize student learning . Indeed , in places such as India that face massive underserved populations and a shortage of qualified teachers , it 's hard to imagine making a dent without leveraging technology in a big way . But we must be wary of concluding that we should focus our energy on technology rather than people . Computers can not create a culture of excellence and push students to meet high expectations . Computers can not visit students ' homes to get to know their families and engage them in their progress . Computers can not raise money and organize college visits to show students who have never left their communities what they 're working toward . Technology is a tool , not a silver bullet . And like all tools , it can be helpful or harmful depending on how we use them . Rocketship Education , a high-performing charter network that serves low-income students in California , uses technology to enhance -- not replace -- the work that teachers are doing . Students spend up to two hours a day in a computer learning lab mastering basic math and reading skills through exercises and puzzles , freeing up teachers to spend their time on advanced skills and concepts . The schools invest the money they save through computer learning back into teacher salaries and coaching . At Rocketship , technology strengthens the personal ties between students , parents and teachers that are the key to its success . Children growing up in poverty need all the support and nurturing from adults that they can get . If we want a real revolution in education , we should make an all-out effort to attract and keep our best people in our schools . Technology can be a powerful force in that effort when guided by leaders who understand what students and teachers need to do their best . We ca n't outsource the human connections at the heart of the learning experience . Transforming the lives and learning of our children will take more than machines . It will take the best of our human resources . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Wendy Kopp .	Wendy Kopp : Even Steve Jobs realized computers could n't solves societal problems She says in education , teachers make the difference when kids excel against the odds A CNN.com article presented idea that kids could learn mainly with computers She says research shows kids with one effective grade school teacher achieve on many levels
The wheels are coming off the wagon . The fat lady is about to sing . The proverbial is about to hit the fan . It does n't matter which saying you use , the facts are inescapable . Greece 's membership of the eurozone is untenable under the current conditions and everyone knows it . Some like Hungary 's finance minister say openly Greece will leave the euro . The only question is what catalyst will force it out and when . The nearest deadline to hand is the country 's June 17th elections , when the Greek voters will decide whether to support parties who will adhere to the bailout agreements or those who want to tear them up . Private economists have gone into overdrive trying to work out what will happen . A week ago , Bank of America Merrill Lynch published "  what if Greece Exits the Euro " describing the risk as "  rising . " Citigroup uses the word "  probable " for an exit in certain circumstances while Barclays published "  dealing with a potential Greek exit " and says "  over the longer horizon the likelihood increases . " For the more circumspect euro politicians who have to manage this crisis , there are now well trodden formulae trotted out whenever Greece 's euro-future is mentioned . It goes something like this : 1 . We want Greece to stay in the euro . 2 . Greece must abide by the terms of its agreements with lenders . 3 . It is up to the Greek people how they will vote and if they remain in the euro . Think of it as the euro-dance ... two steps forward one step back . With the debt crisis unfolding : What does it mean to be Greek ? Some Europe officials have become truly expert at performing this dance . Olli Rehn , the European Union economics chief , has reiterated it to me . And yet , I reason they must be contemplating what happens when the music stops and the euro-dance comes to an end . They read the same economics as the rest of us . They know that the Greek economy is deeply uncompetitive . The reforms need not only to continue , but speed up if Greece is not to remain on euro-life support forever . The only question is whether the Greek people are prepared to put up with the pain . Each day there comes a new twist into the euro-dance . There was the rumor that Mrs. Merkel had asked Greece to hold a simultaneous referendum with the election on euro-membership . The report came from Athens : Berlin denied it . Clearly one side or the other is playing high stakes hoping to force the issue . The argument goes like this : Since every poll shows a significant majority of Greek people want to stay in the euro , make the June vote a referendum on this issue and voters will come to their senses and be herded back to safely voting for those parties committed to the euro-dance formula . While I 've no idea how these next Greek elections are going to turn out , my gut feeling is that the other eurozone countries are likely to stay with the stick , and keep any carrots to offer if and when the voters return to their sanity  as seen from Brussels  . But opinion polls show Greece 's left-leaning Syriza party , which does not support the austerity plans , has maintained momentum on the back of the Greek people 's discontent . If this continues , prepare for Greece to crash out of the euro sooner rather than later . Because if they do not follow the austerity plans , the Greek government will not receive more bailout loans to pay its debts . And if that happens , it 's not going to be pretty . The Greek banks will collapse -- they are already on fraying central bank lifelines -- unemployment will soar and I would n't rule out civil unrest . Who knows what it will look like . Despite everyone talking about other countries that have defaulted then recovered strongly  Argentina , Russia  the reality is nothing this complicated has ever been tried before , certainly not in such a global interconnected world . Let me say it clearly and loudly . The fear is that Lehman Brothers in 2008 will look like a tea party if they get this one wrong . What is worrying is that if Greece  only 3 % of EU economy  goes is who will be next ? Hungarian finance minister Gyorgy Matolcsy , who I also spoke to recently , thinks Greece wo n't be the only country to exit . Obviously now everyone has Spain in their sights . And there is where the real problem lies . Spain is too big to fully bail out a la Greece and definitely too big too fail . If Spain gets into too much trouble "  Project Euro " is likely over . From all my private talks with European officials it has become clear -- Spain is the line in the sand . Greece may be too far gone and be allowed to fall , but Spain will be defended till the bitter end . So I fully expect European leaders to give Spain something to take the boot off the throat of austerity in the coming weeks . Probably the same for Portugal . European officials have made mistakes in their dealings with Greece . The austerity measures were too harsh . They should n't have been nearly so brutal , and that lesson has been learned . Now with the election of Francois Hollande as France 's new president everyone can change course slightly and pretend they meant to do it all along  they did n't  . Expect a growth pact to be agreed between Germany and France to sit alongside the main Fiscal Compact , which Germany will not allow to be re-opened . I could speculate for hours about which solution will be found , what formula they will adopt to keep the whole thing moving -- and frankly , it would be useless . This crisis is now moving too fast and has taken on a life of its own . The firewall is starting to smolder . The austerity plans are starting to fray . The European Central Bank is cutting loose several Greek banks it does not consider solvent . The eurozone is all but back in recession . There are some uncontrollable aspects  the Greek voters for instance  which make forecasting the future direction just about impossible . I still believe that the single currency will survive in some shape and form . I just can not see the eurozone surviving in its present form -- not without the most drastic reorganization towards fiscal union , a federation of states with a central bank and treasury . Please , eurozone , do n't tell me that is not the European way . I am telling you ... it 's the only way . Your way has failed and Europe 's 300 million people are now relegated to slow , second class growth as a result for the foreseeable future .	CNN 's Richard Quest believes Greece 's membership of the eurozone is untenable under the current conditions But an exit from the common currency could make Lehman 's collapse look like a tea party if it is badly handled And Spain is in the markets ' sights , which is a real problem Quest believes the currency will survive , but not in the present form
Her requests for parole and a prison transfer recently denied , a member of the punk rock collective Pussy Riot was hospitalized amid a hunger strike Friday , according to Russian state-run media . Doctors ordered that Nadezhda Tolokonnikova be placed in the medical ward of a penal colony in Mordovia , southeast of Moscow , where she is serving a two-year sentence , reported RIA Novosti , citing the Russian penitentiary service . Her hospitalization came just hours after her request to be transferred to another prison was denied , her lawyer , Dmitry Dinze , told the media outlet . Tolokonnikova , 23 , announced she was launching a hunger strike earlier this week . Her only sustenance for the last five days has been water , according to RIA Novosti . In a lengthy letter to the news site Lenta  a translated version was published in London 's The Guardian  , Tolokonnikova described "  slave labor " and unsanitary conditions in which women work through sickness and injury up to 17 hours a day and are beaten -- or worse -- for failing to complete their duties . Tolokonnikova wrote that her life was once threatened and other prisoners tell her she is not beaten only because of the celebrity her case has brought her . "  It 's true : Others are beaten up . For not being able to keep up . They hit them in the kidneys , in the face . Prisoners themselves deliver these beatings , and not a single one of them is done without the approval and full knowledge of the administration , " she wrote . "  Mordovian prisoners are afraid of their own shadows . They are completely terrified . " Prison authorities told RIA Novosti that Tolokonnikova was blackmailing them for denying her request for special treatment , but her husband told Russian media this week that a guard had refused to give her water and grabbed her by the arms , refusing to let go . Those claims , too , were denied , as a penitentiary spokesman told RIA Novosoti that doctors recommended only that she be given warm water and no physical force had been used against her . Tolokonnikova and two other band members were imprisoned last year for "  hooliganism " after Pussy Riot performed a "  punk prayer " critical of then-Prime Minister , now President , Vladimir Putin at a Russian Orthodox cathedral . Video of the performance went viral . While Tolokonnikova and bandmate Maria Alyokhina remain in prison , a third Pussy Riot member , Yekaterina Samutsevich , was released in October 2012 after her defense presented new evidence in her case . In July , Mordovia 's Supreme Court upheld a decision to deny Tolokonnikova parole , and last month lawyers for Tolokonnikova and Alyokhina requested that the court allow the pair to do community service in lieu of completing their sentences . Tolokonnikova is scheduled to be released in March . It 's unclear if she will end her hunger strike as her letter to Lenta this week states she wo n't relent until prison conditions change . "  I am going on hunger strike and refusing to participate in colony slave labor , " she wrote . "  I will do this until the administration starts obeying the law and stops treating incarcerated women like cattle ejected from the realm of justice for the purpose of stoking the production of the sewing industry ; until they start treating us like humans . "	Pussy Riot member is hospitalized in a medical ward , state-run media reports Nadezhda Tolokonnikova wrote this week that she was protesting "  slave labor " Russian penitentiary officials deny her claims , counter that she is blackmailing them She and two other Pussy Riot members were imprisoned last year after "  punk prayer "
CNN  -- The United States and Russia were absent Wednesday as representatives from countries from around the world gathered to sign a treaty banning the use of cluster bombs . French troops examine cluster bombs collected after the Lebanon conflict of 2006 . Some 111 countries were due to adopt the Convention on Cluster Munitions at an all-day signing ceremony in Oslo , Norway . But four of the biggest cluster bomb makers -- Russia , China , Israel and the United States , which claims the devices are a vital part of its defense strategy , stayed away . Cluster Munition Coalition activists behind the agreement expressed disappointment at the absence of the big four , but insisted it would n't undermine the treaty as it passes into international law . "  Obviously it 's very disappointing that those countries are n't here , but at the same time , the strong message that this treaty sends will make it very clear to those countries that these are unacceptable weapons and inappropriate in future conflicts , " CMC Co-Chair Richard Moyes told CNN from Oslo . "  The treaty and the stigma that it builds will make it practically and politically much more difficult for them to use these weapons again in the future , " Moyes added about the absent countries . "  Many of their partners will no longer be allowed to use these weapons , and clearly recognize these weapons as far too costly in humanitarian terms . " Cluster munitions , which break apart in flight to scatter hundreds of smaller bomblets , are described by the International Committee of the Red Cross as a "  persistent humanitarian problem . " Most of a device 's bomblets are meant to explode on impact , but many do not . Credible estimates show the weapons fail between 10 and 40 percent of the time , leaving civilians at risk of harm from unexploded ordnance , the ICRC says . In addition to calling for a total , immediate ban of the weapons , the Oslo accord calls for strong standards to protect those injured . It urges that contaminated areas be cleaned up quickly and weapons immediately destroyed , the CMC said . The agreement requires the destruction of stockpiles of the weapons within eight years , said Thomas Nash , coordinator of the Cluster Munition Coalition . Earlier this year , a U.S. State Department representative called it "  an absolute moral obligation " to rid a battlefield of unexploded ordnance after battle , but the insists cluster munitions are an important part of its defense strategy that can be regulated post-conflict . During the 34-day war in Lebanon in 2006 , the United Nations estimated that Israel dropped 4 million bomblets , 1 million of which may not have exploded , according to the ICRC . More than 250 civilians and bomb-disposal operators have been killed or injured by them in southern Lebanon since the war ended . Cluster bombs were also used in the 1999 war in Kosovo . In more than 20 countries , according to the ICRC , cluster bombs have created lasting "  no-go " areas , rendering them as dangerous as minefields . Laos is the most affected country . Millions of bomblets dropped during the Vietnam War continue to kill civilians more than three decades later .	United States , Russia absent from signing of cluster bomb ban treaty signing U.S. , Russia , China , Israel are top four cluster bomb producers U.S. insists the devices are important part of its defense strategy
EW  -- From "  dope " to "  nope . " After Rihanna hit up "  What What Happens Live " to tell Andy Cohen her thoughts on ex-boyfriend Chris Brown , the man himself took to L.A. radio station Power 106 to clarify their purportedly rekindled relationship . "  No , " Breezy told host Big Boy when asked whether he and RiRi have romantically reunited . "  And that 's just quick , a quick answer . " Watch the video to see it for yourself . That echoes Rihanna 's statements from last night 's Cohen interview , where she denied the rumors that the former couple were dating again â $ " despite the fact that he 's collaborating with her on a track called "  Nobodies Business " from her upcoming album Unapologetic . She did , however , call him "  pretty dope " and "  kinda alright . " So , what do you guys think about the pair 's sudden approach to the issue ? Do you believe them , or do you think they doth protest too much ? Or would you rather drown out all the noise and just listen to the album when it hits streets ? Let us know below . See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Chris Brown addressed rumors that he 's back with his ex , Rihanna She had gone on "  Watch What Happens Live " and denied they are a couple Rihanna said Brown is "  pretty dope "
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Authorities in Northern Ireland have arrested a tenth person in connection with the death of a police officer in a car bombing last April , police said Wednesday . A 23-year-old woman was arrested in Omagh by detectives probing the death of Constable Ronan Kerr "  and associated incidents , " the Police Service of Northern Ireland said . Five men were arrested Tuesday . Kerr died April 2 when an explosive device detonated under a car in the Highfield Close area of Omagh . The 25-year-old had only recently joined the service , Assistant Chief Constable Drew Harris said at the time . "  Our determination to pursue every possible line of enquiry remains undiminished , " Detective Superintendent Raymond Murray said Tuesday . Of the 10 people arrested , only one has been charged in connection with the investigation -- though not with the killing . A 33-year-old man from Omagh was charged after arms and explosives were found in Coalisland , County Tyrone . Northern Ireland was racked by violence between pro-Irish and pro-British forces over a period of three decades . About 3,500 people were killed before a power-sharing deal known as the Good Friday Agreement was reached in 1998 . In August of that year , Omagh was the scene of the conflict 's most deadly terrorist attack , in which a car bombing by the paramilitary splinter group Real IRA killed 29 people . Journalist Peter Taggart contributed to this report .	Of 10 people arrested , only one has been charged in connection with the investigation so far Ronan Kerr , 25 , was killed April 2 in a car bombing in Omagh Police vow to "  pursue every possible line of enquiry "
Louisville , Kentucky  CNN  -- A secret audio recording of their biggest election year target -- Sen. Mitch McConnell -- talking to a donor summit arranged by the Koch brothers , the Democrats ' 2014 bogeymen . Democrats pushed "  The Nation " story around online with frenetic glee . McConnell 's Democratic challenger for his Kentucky seat , Alison Lundergan Grimes , could n't wait to whack him on it , telling CNN in an exclusive interview that "  Mitch McConnell got caught in his 47 % Mitt Romney moment . " "  I think it shows the extent and the lengths he will go to to pander to his party millionaires and billionaires at the expense of hurting Kentuckians , " Grimes told CNN . The problem with the Democrats ' argument is that Romney 's 47 % moment was only a moment because he was saying to donors in private something he would never have dared to utter in public : "  Forty-seven percent who are with him , who are dependent upon government , who believe that they are victims , who believe that government has a responsibility to care for them , who believe that they are entitled to health care , to food , to housing , to you name it . That that 's an entitlement , " Romney said behind closed doors about President Obama 's supporters in 2012 . But unlike Romney , what McConnell said to the Koch brothers are things he has said in public , and more importantly , his comments mirror positions he has publicly backed with actual Senate votes : opposition to Democrats ' plans to increase the minimum wage , extend unemployment insurance and make student loans more affordable through the tax system . If Republicans are in charge , he said , those wo n't be coming back to the Senate floor . "  We 're not going to be debating all these gosh-darn proposals , " McConnell told the Koch brothers and the rest of the room full of billionaire donors . McConnell also talked about plans , if he becomes Senate majority leader , to attach policy riders to spending bills that would defund regulations President Obama has put in place that Republicans loathe . "  I did n't say anything in the private meeting I have n't said publicly , " McConnell told CNN in another exclusive interview , saying he stands by his comments . When I put that reality to Grimes , she did n't back down on her attack . In fact she doubled down . "  I think this recording is alarming . He has promised further gridlock if elected but this is action he will directly take at the expense of Kentuckians , " Grimes said . A little context is in order for why Democrats are jumping on this like a fatal pre-Labor Day surprise : First , it 's all about the Koch brothers . Democrats believe , based on internal polling , that voters think the system is rigged against them and that 's why they 're struggling . The Democratic strategy in all the key races for control of the Senate is for the billionaire Koch brothers to become the poster boys for the rigged system -- that they pour tens of millions into the system to help Republicans , so Republicans help keep them rich . Given that , having a muffled audio recording of the Senate GOP leader addressing those fat cats , whether he is saying anything new or not , is in fact politically beneficial to Democrats . It helps perpetuate the narrative they believe has legs . The fact that McConnell vowed no more debate on Democrats "  gosh-darn proposals " also gives Grimes an opening on another key argument against McConnell : that he is the personification of gridlock in Washington . Elect him , and it will only get worse . The downside for Democrats is that they 're not exactly clean when it comes to taking billionaire cash . They , too , have high-rolling donors pouring unlimited dollars into the system on behalf of Democrats . But make no mistake about it : This secret audio recording will be front and center in Grimes ' campaign and others for the near future . Whether it will foment anti-McConnell fever here will depend in large part on how much is really already lying beneath the surface in this neck-and-neck race .	Tape catches Mitch McConnell talking to a summit run by top GOP donors What he said to the Koch brothers is used by Democrat campaigning against him But , Dana Bash notes , he has said the same things publicly many times
CNN  -- Somalia , Myanmar and Afghanistan have the lowest scores on Transparency International 's Corruption Perceptions Index , which measures how people in 178 countries and territories view corruption in their public sectors . On a scale of 0-10 , with 10 being "  very clean " and 0 being "  highly corrupt , " all three countries score below 1.5 . Somalia is the lowest at 1.1 , while Myanmar and Afghanistan are tied for second at 1.4 . At the other end of the list are Denmark , New Zealand and Singapore , which score the highest at 9.3 . The United States , with a score of 7.1 , is among the countries viewed as least corrupt . It 's tied for 22nd overall with Belgium . But while the U.S. is well ahead of neighbor Mexico  3.1  , it seems to have some work to do to catch Canada  8.9  . The latest scores were drawn from 13 surveys and assessments published between January 2009 and September 2010 by "  independent and reputable institutions , " according to Transparency International . It defines corruption as the abuse of entrusted power for private gain . Transparency International is a nongovernmental organization headquartered in Berlin . It acknowledges that corruption , by nature , is often hidden and therefore difficult to quantify , but it says it has found people 's perceptions to be a reliable estimate over the long term . Some other noteworthy scores from the index : ** Because of activist Anna Hazare and his recent hunger strike , corruption has been brought to the forefront in India . The country scored a 3.3 on the most recent index , putting it among the countries viewed as most corrupt . ** Libya  2.2  and Syria  2.5  , were also near the top of the perceived corruption list , something that might not be a surprise considering the recent unrest there . Yemen also scored a 2.2 . Egypt  3.1  and Tunisia  4.3  scored better , but not by much . Again , it 's important to point out that these surveys were conducted well before these two countries ' longtime leaders were ousted . More comparisons : Which country has the smallest gender gap ? Where is the Internet most popular ? Where are the undernourished ? Where do people live the longest ? Which countries have the most vacation days ? Who requires the most education ? Who 's got the highest  and lowest  unemployment rates ?	Transparency International ranks countries by their perceived levels of corruption Somalia is perceived to be the most corrupt of the 178 countries , territories on the list Denmark , New Zealand and Singapore are perceived to be the least corrupt
CNN Student News  -- March 18 , 2014 Subjects covered today include the Middle East conflict , sanctions on some Russian officials , two recent earthquakes , and a theory about a missing passenger plane . You 'll also meet a drummer who , after losing part of his arm , gained new abilities thanks to robotics . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might different forms of media be used to inform people in the aftermath of an earthquake ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Mahmoud Abbas 2 . Benjamin Netanyahu 3 . radar Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Who is Mahmoud Abbas ? Who is Benjamin Netanyahu ? Why have both of these leaders visited President Obama in recent weeks ? What are some sources of disagreement between Abbas and Netanyahu ? 2 . How have the U.S. and the European Union responded to the Crimea vote ? Who is being penalized by these sanctions ? How has Russia responded ? 3 . What country was struck by the largest earthquake ever recorded ? How strong was the earthquake that struck off the coast of Chile on Sunday ? How strong was the quake that hit Los Angeles , California , on Monday morning ? According to the video : What should you do if you are inside a building during an earthquake ? What should you do if you 're outside ? 4 . What theory is one Malaysian newspaper examining regarding Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ? According to the video , what challenges might exist for a pilot attempting to evade radar in a mountainous area ? How would the plane "  warn " the pilot that it was flying too low ? What other big difference exists between the simulator exercise and the conditions under which Flight 370 was actually flying ? 5 . What musical instrument does Jason Barnes play ? What did scientists at Georgia Tech create to help him continue to play after his accident ? How does this device work ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Why do you think that several U.S. presidents have made Middle East peace a priority ? What are some ways in which a U.S. president could promote peace in the Middle East ? Why do you think that in spite of these efforts , a lasting peace in the region has not been achieved ? 2 . What theories about the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 can be tested in a flight simulator ? What questions can not be answered by these exercises ? How might the use of the flight simulator help to rule out some theories behind the plane 's disappearance ? 3 . Have you seen other ways in which robotic devices are improving the lives of people with disabilities ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
London  CNN  -- Television cameras are to be allowed into courts in England and Wales for the first time , Justice Secretary Kenneth Clarke announced Tuesday . The new law will allow the filming only of judges delivering summaries , not victims , witnesses , defendants or juries , the Ministry of Justice said in a statement . It will also permit filming only from the Court of Appeal , with the possibility of later expanding to Crown Courts , which handle serious criminal cases such as rape and murder . The aim is to "  improve transparency and public understanding of court , " Clarke said . Lawyer and broadcaster Mark Stephens , of the law firm Finers Stephens Innocent , praised the move , saying England and Wales were among few countries in the world still to have a blanket ban on cameras in court . "  This is a very welcome , if cautious and tentative , step towards opening up the court system , " Stephens told CNN . "  It helps the ` open justice ' principle -- the very soil in which justice is planted in this country , in which justice must not only be done , it must be seen to be done . " Seeing the process in action would help people understand why certain sentences are given , he said -- a subject that has been widely debated as many of those accused of involvement in rioting in England 's cities last month have appeared before the courts . The ban on filming in courts in England and Wales dates back to 1925 and will require the passage of new laws to overturn , the Justice Ministry said . No such ban exists in Scotland , although cameras are not widely allowed into courtrooms . The ministry said consultations with the judiciary are planned that would cover newer technologies that could provide for live broadcasts . It did not say when the government planned to introduce legislation or when it would take effect . Legislation announced by the government is generally passed quickly by Parliament . Filming in courtrooms has been tried already in courts of appeal , Stephens said , although the footage was not broadcast . The trial reassured many members of the judiciary that their concerns could be dealt with in cooperation with broadcasters , he added . "  Clearly there will need to be safeguards in some cases involving the young and the vulnerable , but in most cases I see no reason why there should not be a virtual public gallery , " he said . "  It will have the effect of instilling a greater -- and justifiable -- sense of pride in , and comprehension of , the way in which our justice system works , " Stevens said , adding that cameras would boost public scrutiny of judges and court proceedings . Justice Secretary Clarke also announced plans to publish much more information about each court 's performance . Data that will be compiled will include "  the sentence given , the court , the age group , gender and ethnicity of those sentenced , and the time from when the offence was committed to when the case was complete , " he said . The government wants "  to allow everyone to see what is happening and how the system works , " Clarke said . Court-by-court statistics will start to roll out later this month , he said . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Jo Shelley contributed to this report .	The government plans to overturn a ban in England and Wales dating back to 1925 It will allow broadcasting of verdicts and judges ' summaries Witnesses , defendants and juries will not be filmed
Ours is a culture that loves to celebrate youth , but there are those 30 and older who will tell you that leaving one 's 20s behind is like a revelation . Growing out of that decade often means growing out of bad decision-making , frustrated searching and feeling generally as though life 's a pinball machine -- and you 're the ball . As you age , hopefully you realize that what you 've lost in youthfulness you 've gained in wisdom . In the best scenarios , you know how to bounce back from bumps and are better at avoiding valleys . You appreciate your mistakes , but you 'll be damned if you 'll repeat them . As much as we 'd hoped she would , Amy Winehouse never got that far . When she died at 27 last July , few truly knew the intimate details of her personal life . The public could really know only what we 'd read about , seen and heard -- that she was a troubled young woman struggling with drug and alcohol abuse and that whatever was plaguing her threatened to overshadow a superb talent . Ahead of her standout performance via satellite at the 2008 Grammy Awards , the singer was enmeshed in negative press and a few in the media openly questioned how long she 'd survive . She went on to win five awards that night , including best new artist . She owned that evening and touched hearts with her look of utter amazement and how she fled into the arms of one of her back-up singers when she bested artists such as Beyonce and Rihanna for record of the year . The tragedy of Winehouse 's passing was n't just that the predictions came true , or that we 'd lost an undeniably great talent , but also that she lost a fight so early in life . This was an artist who was blessed with the presence of someone who 'd seen it all and a voice from another lifetime , a woman who could write about and then sing to life some of love 's darkest sides . She sang us through our own rough spots and regrets , but could n't seem , in the public 's eye , anyway , to do the same for herself . Mitch Winehouse on losing Amy : ` You take every day as it comes ' "  I do n't write songs because I want my voice to be heard or I want to be famous or any of that stuff , " Winehouse told CNN in a 2007 interview . "  I write songs about things I have problems with and I have to get past them and I have to make something good out of something bad . " We ca n't pretend to know her struggle with alcohol or substance abuse , but we 've all felt some variant of the longing , loneliness , hurt and infatuation she put into her music . Winehouse presented those emotions in a visceral way with which we could connect . She could take a personal experience and strike a note of universal truth . Take , for example , "  Rehab , " her Grammy-winning but controversial track from her autobiographical second album "  Back to Black . " It 's about the time her management tried to get her sober and she refused . But it was the smirking wisecracks and stubborn defiance that had us singing along . On her jazzy 2003 debut "  Frank , " it was the beautifully sung , detailed story of wounded pride on "  You Sent Me Flying , " and the tsk ` ing , sneering disappointment in a lover on "  Stronger Than Me . " Winehouse scores posthumous No. 1 "  You Know I 'm No Good " provided a sultry soundtrack for the flawed and self-critical while "  Tears Dry on Their Own " is an anthem of resolve . The album 's title track , Winehouse explained in that 2007 interview , the aftermath of a broken love . Her massive appeal was backed by strong production on both albums , thanks to collaborations with producers Salaam Remi and Mark Ronson , and of course that voice -- rich , evocative and captivating . Those elements helped her songs ' content to shine ; everything 's discussed with brash honesty and often a sense of humor . "  There 's no point in saying anything but the truth , " Winehouse told the Guardian in 2004 . "  Because , at the end of the day , I do n't have to answer to you , or my ex , or ... I should n't say God ... or a man in a suit from the record company . I have to answer to myself . " That frankness and headstrong independence is what we loved about her and could relate to . Although some talked callously about her struggles , there was still an underlying hope that she 'd push past her problems . So when she could n't , her July 23 death felt to many like a sucker punch . At the time of her death , it appeared that Winehouse was focused on recovery . An inquest last fall ruled that she 'd died of alcohol poisoning and a family spokesman said at the time that "  Amy was battling hard to conquer her problems with alcohol , and it is a source of great pain that she could not win in time . " Who knows what the next few years of her life could have brought . That question will always linger and is the difficulty of watching someone pass on so young -- those of us left living know just how much more life can bring . Perhaps she would have found , as Slate wrote in 2008 , that "  there are other , better things to romanticize than hard times and hard booze . " Instead , we 're left to hope that when she died , she still felt the same way as she did when she spoke to Harper 's Bazaar in 2010 . Holding on to nary an unfulfilled goal , she said , "  If I died tomorrow , I would be a happy girl . " Winehouse producer : I still hear her voice	Amy Winehouse died a year ago today at 27 Fans and fellow stars were rooting for her to continue to find success The tragedy of her death was to watch a woman lose a battle so early in life
CNN  -- A damaged front right tire caused the pickup truck accident in Texas that killed 15 people in the town of Goliad this week , authorities said Wednesday . Trooper Gerald Bryant of the Texas Highway Patrol said the rubber of the tire had started to come apart . The Ford pickup truck crammed with nearly two dozen people ran off a highway in southeastern Texas on Sunday evening , officials said . The death toll increased to 15 Wednesday , Bryant said . The driver of the vehicle has been identified as Ricardo Mendoza-Pineda , 22 , from Mexico . He was one of the 11 initially reported dead . No other vehicles were involved in the wreck . At least two of the dead were children , troopers told CNN affiliate KTRK in Houston . The victims were from Guatemala , Honduras and Mexico , according to Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents who were called to the scene of the accident . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	The rubber on the tire had begun to come apart , a Texas state trooper says The death toll increased to 15 Wednesday , Trooper Gerald Bryant says The victims were from Guatemala , Honduras and Mexico , federal agents say
CNN  -- Two pool employees and their supervisor were forced to resign on Wednesday after a woman 's body went undetected in a public Massachusetts pool for four days in June until her body floated to the top . The Vietnam Veteran 's Swimming Pool manager and assistant manager -- as well as the Southeast Regional Director of the state Department of Conservation and Recreation , have resigned -- according to a statement released by Edward Lambert , the agency 's commissioner . Lambert requested they leave their posts because of "  poor decision making and failure to follow  department  pool protocols . " The resignations come in the wake of an investigation into the drowning of Marie Joseph , 36 , on June 26 . Joseph 's body was n't discovered until the evening of June 30 by teenagers at the pool in Fall River . "  This tragic event leaves heavy hearts in an agency that prides itself on its ability to provide high quality , safe , recreational opportunities for the residents of the Commonwealth , " Lambert said in a statement . "  We hope that , as an agency , we will continue to work to restore and maintain the public 's confidence in our ability to fulfill the mission expected of us by the Governor and residents who visit our facilities . " After Joseph 's body was discovered , Lambert ordered the pool closed and appointed a team of officials to investigate her death . The pool 's staff as well as the district manager who oversees the pool all were put on administrative leave . The investigation determined that poor water clarity was the primary factor that kept lifeguards from being aware of the drowning and finding Joseph after her death . In fact , the 12-foot-deep pool was so cloudy that it should not have opened the day she drowned , authorities said . Joseph had gone to the pool on Sunday with a 9-year-old neighbor and his family . She collided with the boy while the pair went down a pool slide , said Bristol County District Attorney 's spokesman Gregg Miliote . After the collision , the boy surfaced but the woman did not , he said . It was not clear what happened after the collision or whether the boy and his family sought Joseph 's whereabouts when they left the pool . A decomposing body can take a couple of days before it becomes buoyant , Miliote added . The investigation is ongoing and the Vietnam Veteran 's pool will remain closed , according to Lambert 's statement . In the meantime , DCR officials have closed several waterslides throughout the state and imposed new restrictions at public pools . Authorities plan to enact a new water clarity test at pools throughout Massachusetts which requires that a five-inch black disc placed at the bottom of the pool is visible at all times . The state will also require that the "  pool checks " normally performed by lifeguards from the pool deck include an underwater check as well . CNN 's Katie Silver contributed to this report .	Two Massachusetts pool employees and their supervisor are ordered to resign Marie Joseph , 36 , drowned four days before her body was discovered Poor found poor water clairty the main hindrance to her body being discovered Authorities plan to enact a new water clarity test at pools statewide
CNN  -- ZipRealty is a full-service residential real estate brokerage firm which uses the Internet , proprietary technology and employee real estate agents to provide home buyers and sellers with value-added online service . ZipRealty 's Web site provides users with access to comprehensive home listings data . ZipRealty 's Web site provides users with access to comprehensive local Multiple Listing Services home listings data , as well as other relevant market and neighborhood information . Its proprietary business management system and technology platform help to reduce costs , allowing the company to pass on savings to consumers . ZipRealty was launched on August 29 , 1999 . Three weeks later , on September 21 , the company celebrated the acceptance of its first real estate offer . ZipRealty completed its initial public offering on November 10 , 2004 . It currently operates in 34 major metropolitan areas in 19 states and the District of Columbia with over 2,000 sales agents .	ZipRealty uses Internet , proprietary technology , employee real estate agents Web site provides users with home listings , market and neighborhood info ZipRealty completed its initial public offering on November 10 , 2004
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Libya will pay hundreds of millions of dollars to victims of terrorist attacks involving Americans in an agreement signed and finalized Thursday , the U.S. State Department said . U.S. Assistant Secretary of State David Welch , left , and Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Ahmad Fitouri sign the deal . Assistant Secretary of State David Welch signed the deal in Tripoli , Libya , on Thursday . If implemented , the deal will end Libya 's legal liability in numerous lawsuits from families of victims of what the United States considers Libyan terrorist acts . It also paves the way for stronger ties between the two nations and increased U.S. involvement in the oil-rich nation . "  This resolves the last major historical issue that has stood in the way of a more normal relationship between our two countries , " Welch said . The deal had hinged on congressional approval . Last month , just before leaving for summer recess , Congress unanimously adopted the Libyan Claims Resolution Act , sponsored by Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg , D-New Jersey . The legislation cleared the way to end the feud with Libya over terrorist attacks and creates a fund for victim payments . "  The Libyans did n't believe that Congress would ever be helpful , and Congress did n't think Libya would ever do it , " Welch said Thursday . "  We found a diplomatic way to accommodate both sides by turning suspicion into an asset . " Under the new law , Congress gives the Bush administration the authority to restore sovereign immunity for Libya only when the United States receives the agreed-upon money to pay American claimants in the fund and the secretary of state certifies it . See a timeline of events following the Pan Am attack " Once the money is received into the fund , Libya would be exempted from legislation passed this year enabling terrorism victims to be compensated from frozen assets of governments blamed for attacks . The 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , killed 270 people , including 189 Americans . The 1986 La Belle disco bombing in Berlin , Germany , killed two American servicemen and injured 79 Americans . Libya has paid 268 families involved in the Pan Am bombing $ 8 million each of a $ 10 million settlement . It was withholding the remaining $ 2 million owed to each family over a dispute regarding U.S. obligations to Tripoli . Under the deal , Libya would pay more than $ 500 million to settle remaining claims from the Lockerbie case and more than $ 280 million for victims of the La Belle disco , according to Jim Kreindler , the lead attorney for the Pan Am families . It would also set aside funds to compensate victims of several other incidents blamed on Libya but for which Libya has n't accepted responsibility . The total settlement could exceed $ 1 billion . The pact , supported by the victims ' families , closes the book on a contentious period in U.S.-Libyan relations . Ties between the two countries began to improve in 2003 , when Libya gave up its weapons of mass destruction program and began compensating Lockerbie victims . But lingering lawsuits prevented the two countries from fully normalizing ties . A joint U.S.-Libya statement issued Thursday in Tripoli said "  both parties welcomed the establishment of a process to provide fair compensation for their respective nationals , and thereby turn their focus to the future of their bilateral relationship . " This spring , Libya made a proposal to the Bush administration that held some promise in settling the dispute , Welch said . Over the next several months , he and State Department lawyers held closed-door negotiating sessions with the Libyan delegation in London , England ; Paris , France ; Berlin ; and Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates , where he finally secured a tentative agreement in late July . The afternoon he came back from Abu Dhabi , Welch met with Lautenberg and urged passage of the legislation . Welch said Libya would expect an end to the claims and put the longstanding dispute with Libya to rest , despite the lingering mistrust of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . "  This could not have worked without a great deal of honesty on everyone 's part , " Welch said . On Thursday , Lautenberg issued a statement expressing satisfaction with the agreement . "  For too many years , Libya has refused to accept responsibility for its horrific acts of terror against American victims , " he said . "  The signing of this agreement means these victims and their families can get the long overdue justice they deserve . Today 's agreement is a critical development in moving Libya forward on its path toward diplomatic respect , " he said . The State Department said the "  agreement is being pursued on a purely humanitarian basis and does not constitute an admission of fault by either party . " Senior State Department officials said the formula was designed to respect Libyan sensitivities about compensating victims for incidents for which it has n't taken responsibility But it also allows Libya to settle outstanding claims for U.S. air strikes on Tripoli in 1986 , in which Libya claims more than 40 of its citizens were killed , including Gadhafi 's adopted daughter . Donations to settle Libyan claims would be placed in the "  voluntary " fund , from which each country involved in the claims draws the money to pay its citizens . Welch said no U.S. taxpayer money would be used to compensate Libya but said he was "  optimistic " donations to settle Libyan claims would be made . Other senior U.S. officials said American companies eager to do business in Libya could possibly make a contribution . The deal is to be followed by a U.S. upgrading of relations with Libya , including the confirmation of a U.S. ambassador and possible American aid . Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is expected to visit Libya before the end of the year .	Deal ends Libya 's liability in lawsuits from families of victims of terrorist acts Libya to pay more than $ 700 million to settle Lockerbie , La Belle disco cases Libya will be exempt from law allowing terror victims to be paid with frozen assets
CNN  -- For a brief moment , I consider interrupting the first Monday of my vacation . I have been trying to schedule three calls for weeks . On the Friday before my vacation starts , I learn that everyone I 've needed to interview for the past few weeks will be available on the first weekday of my vacation . Can I do it ? I have no idea what we might be doing that Monday . Maybe we 'll be at the beach , canoeing with the kids , at a seafood shack for lunch or celebrating my friend 's birthday with cake or pie or whatever she likes .  What does she want ? Note to self to ask her sister or her son . I realize the irony here . How often have I written stories extolling the benefits of a real vacation ? I 've often suggested putting down the smartphone and leaving work e-mail and projects behind . Never mind living your vacation on social media : I 've even reported that taking too many pictures can get in the way of truly experiencing a vacation . I have no doubt that a real vacation free of work is good for me . I 'm looking forward to time off with my daughter and my friends . And if I let the farmland that is my brain go fallow for a time and enjoy my vacation with friends and family , I might come back rested with more story ideas for CNN.com . So why is it so hard to put down work and enjoy time off ? Eventually , I discovered a solution that kept me true to the people I wanted to interview -- and to myself . But first , I wanted to learn more about this tricky issue : Maybe I 'm not indispensable ? About 57 % of Americans who get vacation time do n't use all of it , most of them because of their heavy workload , according to a Harris Interactive study for JetBlue . And almost 10 % of those surveyed reported that the unstable job market -- the U.S. unemployment rate was 8.3 % in July -- made them afraid to take time off . Those twin concerns are real : Workers heading out on vacation legitimately worry about the work that can pile up while they 're away . They also might feel guilty about leaving work to others who may not do as a good a job . Or maybe they will ? Any injured Major League Baseball player knows the rookie brought up from the minor leagues is auditioning for his slot . Who 's getting paid time off ? Whatever the reason , many of us do n't ever truly disconnect from work . Only 2 % of respondents to a global survey did n't check in with work while on vacation , according to Leslie Perlow , a Harvard Business School professor who conducted a 2009 survey of Harvard Business School executive education alumni . While her survey respondents were n't explicitly concerned about losing their jobs , they did worry about how they would be perceived by others and what might happen in their absence . "  It 's very hard to just turn off because things do happen  at work  and there are internal and external expectations , " says Perlow , author of "  Sleeping with Your Smartphone : How to Break the 24/7 Habit and Change the Way You Work . " "  If something important comes up and people do n't know about it , they can get their hands slapped for it . So they check in just in case . " The addiction to connection In a fast-paced work environment where thousands of e-mails get sent every day , the stimulation from work can be addictive . It 's also an easy way to avoid nagging personal issues like the state of one 's marriage or the problems the children are having at school -- or even your bad childhood relationship with your parents .  Have you been avoiding anything lately ? Turning off the technology to enjoy a nature hike or a sunset can seem boring or torture  for those with family troubles  in comparison . That does n't sound like fun . "  A lot of people are really busy because they take a little dose of family and then they want to back off , " says Joanne Cantor , a communications professor emeritus at the University of Wisconsin at Madison . "  You can see parents with teenagers and see teens going for their gadgets all the time . It 's a good thing , but not necessarily the easiest thing to devote more time to your family . " Why bother vacationing at all if it 's going to cause stress at work or force you to hang out with family you do n't even like ? At least taking your smartphone or computer will allow you to get away from all that restfulness and togetherness . Vacation makes you a better employee Cantor promises there is a benefit . When we 're looking through the narrow tunnel of what we need to do just for today or tomorrow or this week , we tend to see things the same way . Stepping outside the workplace for a bit can help people see new solutions to age-old problems . "  Your brain ca n't focus constantly -LSB- so -RSB- just getting out of that routine of focusing on your screen just refreshes your brain and makes your brain work better , " says Cantor , author of "  Conquer CyberOverload : Get More Done , Boost Your Creativity , and Reduce Stress . " "  If you get away , it allows your brain to relax and allows all these other things you know that you have n't thought of in awhile and do n't think are related to what you 're doing and to come to the forefront naturally . " Which countries have the most vacation days ? My enjoyment of a sunset apparently does n't just benefit me . A workplace where everyone works together in advance to cover each other on vacation can actually become a more efficient workplace . Imagine a workplace where managers and staff talk in advance about priorities and what actually needs to get done when anyone goes on vacation . "  It causes us to be much more open and aware of what really needs to get done , " says Perlow . "  It 's a tremendous learning  opportunity  because we better understand our work and have more collective ownership  of the workplace  . Managers talk about how their team members can step up and solve problems they could n't solve before . " It 's OK to take a work call It does n't mean you 'll never get interrupted on vacation , Perlow says . A collaborative work environment might designate a colleague who will check your e-mail while you 're away and only call you "  if it 's truly urgent and no one internally can respond , " she says . "  It avoids you having to check your e-mail just in case . " That happened to me the first time my boss went on vacation . She trained me in advance to cover for her , made sure I knew who to ask for help and did n't penalize me for any mistakes I made while she was away . My colleagues helped , explaining all sorts of technical tasks that made no sense to me . She gave me enough information that I could leave her alone while she was away . So I made a commitment to stay away from work for my week in Wellfleet . No matter that our house would have wireless Internet access : I decided to try to only use it for fun : the phone number for the kayaking rentals at Gull Pond , the hours for my favorite seafood shack and other good stuff . That did n't mean I would n't take any urgent work calls  I had just one  or reply to a few e-mails . But I 'd try to be on vacation . For all those reasons , I wrote some version of the following message to my interviewees : "  I 'm on vacation next week and must protect it or all my travel stories about the importance of taking a vacation will be a lie . " "  I applaud and envy your fence-building around personal time ... enjoy ! " replied Brad Hawkins , a spokesman for Southwest Airlines . We scheduled his call for the Tuesday after my return . How do you handle work while on vacation ? What  if anything  do you wish you could change about how you vacation ? Please tell us in the comments section below .	Most Americans who get vacation time do n't use all of it because of their workload Some 59 % of U.S. employees have access to paid time off Workplaces can benefit from the coordination required to give everyone time off
CNN  The cries from family members and shocked Muslims are clear : Call it what it is , a hate crime . They say Craig Stephen Hicks hated religion and that he was riled at the sight of his Muslim neighbors : two of them young women who wore hijabs . The deaths of Deah Shaddy Barakat , 23 ; Yusor Mohammad , 21 ; and Razan Mohammad Abu-Salha , 19 , had the hallmark of a summary execution : shots fired to the victims ' heads . But police in Chapel Hill , North Carolina , said the Tuesday evening shooting appeared to be fueled by rage over a parking space . Hicks ' wife said it was a dispute between neighbors . The FBI has opened a preliminary inquiry into the killings to look into whether the slayings violated federal hate crime laws or other federal laws , a U.S. law enforcement official said Wednesday . But the official also said so far investigators have n't found any indications of a hate crime , and evidence suggests the slayings resulted from a confrontation over a parking dispute . Some allege there 's a double standard at play here . They say that if the situation was reversed , law enforcement and the media would n't hesitate to call it a hate crime or a terrorist act . It 's a hate crime when violence is tinted with discrimination . The FBI defines it as "  a traditional offense like murder , arson , or vandalism with an added element of bias . " That bias can go , among other things , against race , gender , sexual orientation or disability . "  To qualify as a hate crime , all that matters is that the crime was motivated , in whole or in part , by the offender 's bias , " CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin said . It also applies in cases of mistaken identity -- for example , it someone attacks a person because he thinks they 're gay , but they 're not . After the 911 attacks , some Sikh men , who typically wear turbans , were mistaken for Muslims and attacked . In the justice system , the old adage that words can never hurt you is dead wrong . Labeling something a "  hate crime " can make the law come down much harder on a defendant . It adds a new serious charge that can come with a heavy additional sentence . In 2013 , a Mississippi judge sentenced Deryl Dedmon -- a white man who killed James Craig Anderson , an African-American , in a clearly racist attack -- to two concurrent life terms . He and friends had expressly set out for a night of targeted hassling of black people , screaming racial insults and yelling , "  White power . " Though it 's the states that try hate crimes as a rule , federal authorities can push forward their investigation and prosecution . Take Dedmon 's example . He caught the wrath of the federal government as well . On Tuesday , he was sentenced to 50 years in a federal prison . "  The defendants targeted African-American people they perceived as vulnerable for heinous and violent assaults -- hate crimes , motivated solely by race , that shook an entire community and claimed the life of an innocent man , " Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement . Finally , even if a defendant is acquitted on a state level , the Justice Department can prosecute a case as a "  hate crime . " Case in point : In 2011 , a federal court convicted two Pennsylvania men of a hate crime after the state acquitted them of murder . Derrick Donchak and Brondon Piekarsky had repeatedly kicked a Mexican man in the head while hurling racist slurs at him . The man died . That , too , has legal ramifications , and is not applied lightly . The feds have a very specific definition of when something is an act of domestic terrorism . It has to have three characteristics : an act that takes place in the United States , that 's dangerous to human life , and is intended to intimidate civilians or affect government policy by "  mass destruction , assassination or kidnapping . " Probably the best example is the Fort Hood shooting in 2009 . To the victims at the Texas base , it was an act of terror , when Maj. Nidal Hassan opened fire on his fellow service members . But federal authorities never used the terrorism label . It met some of the criteria , but it was a legal move . Avoiding the label made it easier for them to pursue the death penalty . There 's not much concrete evidence of bias , police in North Carolina say . They 're searching Hicks ' computer and so far have not come up with anything that points in that direction , a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation told CNN . Hicks ' wife , who is in the midst of divorce proceedings , told journalists she 's convinced religion had nothing to do with it . Her divorce lawyer , Rob Maitland , said the shooting "  highlights the importance of access to mental health care services . " He declined to provide any details about the suspect 's mental health history , but said , "  obviously it 's not within the range of normal behavior for someone to shoot three people over parking issues . " On what is believed to be his Facebook page , Hicks is quite vocal about his atheism . Those alleging it 's a hate crime are passing around a post attributed to him : "  When it comes to insults , your religion started this , not me . If your religion kept its big mouth shut , so would I. " CNN can not confirm the authenticity of the post . By itself , it 's thin , said CNN legal analyst Mark O'Mara . It 's "  one piece of evidence that suggests that he had a hatred or dislike for the Muslim community -- potentially . If that was the only piece of evidence , I do n't think it 's enough , quite honestly , " he said . Contrast this case with the Kansas City shooting last year in which Frazier Glenn Cross is accused of opening fire at two Kansas Jewish centers . The three people he killed were Christian . Organizations that track hate groups described Cross , who is also known as Frazier Glenn Miller , as a long-time white supremacist . Another indication of his mindset were the words he shouted from the back of the patrol car after his arrest : "  Heil Hitler . " Soon afterward , Overland Park Police Chief John Douglass said investigators had "  unquestionably determined ... that this was a hate crime . " Mohammad Abu-Salha , who lost both of his daughters in the slaying , is sure the women 's hijabs had something to do with it . When his son-in-law lived alone in the condominium complex , the family never had any problems . But once his daughter moved in , wearing a head scarf that clearly identified her as Muslim , trouble started , Abu-Salha said . "  Daddy , I think he hates us for who we are , " Abu-Salha said his daughter Yusor Mohammad told him . It has been two days since the attacks , and the investigation is far from complete . As details about the case are still emerging , a lot of questions persist . The FBI is assisting police . And Chapel Hill authorities are n't ruling out any options . "  We understand the concerns about the possibility that this was hate-motivated , and we will exhaust every lead to determine if that is the case , " Chapel Hill Police Chief Chris Blue said . But in the end , does a motive really matter ? Barry Saunders , writing in the News and Observer , put it best . "  If the deaths resulted from a hate crime , it is an international tragedy . "  If the deaths came simply because a man was consumed with a general hate for all humanity -- heck , then it 's still an international tragedy . Because people all over the world have now been deprived of the services Deah , Yusor and Razan would have rendered unto them . " Opinion : 3 slain college students strived for a better world CNN 's Evan Perez and Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	Official : An FBI inquiry is looking into whether federal hate crime laws were violated Family members and Muslims around the world say it was a hate crime Police are saying it was a dispute over a parking place
London , England  CNN  -- Britain 's advertising watchdog has censured an Italian ice cream manufacturer over an advertisement depicting a heavily pregnant nun that appeared ahead of a papal visit to the UK . The ad featuring the strapline "  immaculately conceived " over an image of the expectant sister spooning from a tub of Antonio Federici ice cream was "  likely to cause widespread offense , " the Advertising Standards Authority ruled . The ASA said the publishers of Lady magazine , which carried the ad , had received several complaints from readers . The watchdog rejected the manufacturer 's claims that it was "  using gentle humor " to convey the message that "  ice cream is our religion . " "  We considered the use of a nun pregnant through immaculate conception was likely to be seen as a distortion and mockery of the beliefs of Roman Catholics , " the ASA ruling said . "  We concluded that to use such an image in a light hearted way to advertise ice cream was likely to cause serious offence to readers , particularly those who practised the Roman Catholic faith . " The Antonio Federici ad is the company 's second invoking religious imagery to fall foul of the ASA . An advertisement featuring a nun and a priest eyeing each other for a kiss was banned in July last year . The ice cream company said the ASA 's ruling amounted to censorship of artistic freedoms ahead of Pope Benedict XVI 's visit to Britain this week . It said it had also been banned from showing another advertisement showing two men dressed as priests apparently on the brink of sharing a kiss . The ASA has not published any ruling on the ad . A statement from Antonio Federici said the company was seeking to relaliate by securing a series of billboard advertisements along the route the pope 's motorcade is expected to take during his visit to London . "  The ASA is unable to distinguish between the ` virgin birth of Jesus Christ , ' which formed the basis of their complaint notification , and the ` immaculate conception ' which they are now referring to and which we have received no complaints about , " the statement said .	Britian 's advertising watchdog says ad featuring a pregnant nun could cause offense Ice cream company behind ad says it is being censored because of papal visit Antonio Federici says it will retaliate with billboard ads on the pope 's route
CNN  -- Five young children were pulled from a car Thursday after it plunged into an icy pond in St. Louis Park , Minnesota . The children -- ages 1 through 7 -- suffered serious injuries , according to the Minnesota State Patrol , which received a report of the car in a retention pond early in the morning . The 1998 Pontiac Grand Am had run off the road into the water , which was about 9 feet deep where the vehicle sank . Its driver , 23-year-old Marion Guerrido , got out of the car on her own , and suffered no apparent injuries . Onlookers and medical personnel attempted to reach the vehicle . But because of the cold water , and how far the car sank , they were unable to get to the children immediately , according to Lt. Eric Roeske with the Minnesota State Police . The first child was removed some 20 minutes after the incident began ; the last child was in the water for roughly 40 minutes , he said . Authorities do not believe weather , drugs or alcohol played a role in the crash , which is under investigation . Three of the five victims are children of the driver , CNN affiliate KARE reported . CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	A 1998 Pontiac Grand Am ran off the road The children suffered serious injures Weather , drugs and alcohol likely did not play a role in the crash
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- The Iraqi government accused a manufacturer of supplying the country with some fake bomb detectors and said Tuesday it plans to sue the company . However , government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh said that three Iraqi investigations into the devices determined most of the bomb detectors are working , although some are fake and ineffective . He did not name the detectors in his statement or explain the investigations . The alleged fakes have been removed from Iraqi streets and have been replaced by functioning ones , al-Dabbagh said . It was not immediately clear how many of such devices were replaced . Those involved in contracting or importing those devices will be investigated , he said , and the government will sue the manufacturing company . He did not name the firm . Earlier this year , the Iraqi government announced it would investigate the ADE651 after concerns surfaced the device was a hoax . The handheld device is commonly used at checkpoints in Iraq and Afghanistan to detect explosives . The British government has banned the ADE651 , made by British firm ATSC , from being exported . The company declined to comment to CNN earlier this month , citing ongoing legal action . There was no immediate response to Iraq 's announcement Tuesday . The firm 's Web site said it was under repair , and no one answered calls Tuesday to a phone number listed for the company . Police have arrested and questioned Jim McCormick , managing director of ATSC , alleging suspicion of fraud . Also this month , the Thai government said a similar device , the GT200 , failed rigorous tests carried out by scientists and the army in Thailand . The government said it was looking into the possibility of legal action against its manufacturer . The device 's manufacturer , Britain-based Global Technical , disputed the tests ' results . It said the results were "  completely at odds with other tests carried out by independent bodies " and with "  the experience of the large number of users of this product all over the world . " Both the ADE651 and GT200 use technology that some scientists dismiss as little more than a car antenna mounted on a plastic box designed to act much the way a dowsing rod is used to find water .	Iraqi government says manufacturer supplied some fake bomb detectors Government spokesman says most detectors worked ; he did n't name fake detectors or maker Iraq earlier said it would investigate ADE651 device after concerns over hoax UK government has banned ADE651 , which British firm makes , from being exported
Atlanta  CNN  -- The snow was here , two weeks ago . With just a smattering of white , it wreaked havoc on the South . But it may have been just an opening round . Now , an ice storm is hitting . And matched with snow , it 's the heavyweight of the two . Weather mavens expect up to an inch of ice will give broad swaths of the South a good shellacking . An inch does n't sound impressive ? A foot of snow may look big and bad , but it 's a bunch of fluff compared to a solid inch of ice . Here 's why : It 's heavier For starters , ice weighs much , much more . That branch hanging over your roof with a shiny glaze of ice might as well be piled high with nearly three feet of snow . "  Ice increases the weight of branches by about 30 times compared to snow , " said CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri . Got about half an inch of ice on your power lines ? Depending upon distance between the telephone poles holding them , it can add about 500 pounds to a line , Javaheri said . How bad will this get ? And when laden branches crash down on those wires , a lot of lights go out . That 's how more than 500,000 homes lost power in the Storm of 2000 , as it 's known in the South . And it took days to get them back on line . Given that , what 's rolling up on the horizon now does not bode well for the grid . "  When you 're talking about that amount of ice we 're looking at , it 's catastrophic , " Georgia Power emergency chief Aaron Strickland . "  It 's pricey and messy , " Javaheri said . "  A 1998 ice storm in northern New England caused over a billion dollars in damage . " It 's slicker Ever wonder why we call them "  snow tires " and not "  ice tires " ? People in places that get a lot of snow know this : You can drive on it . "  Snow packs down . It 's a little like brittle , it breaks up as you drive on it , " said National Weather Service meteorologist Kurt Van Speybroeck said . "  If you get even a 10th of an inch of ice on a road , it 's like a skating rink . " Yes , snow-covered roads kill . But the bigger culprit in any snow storm is ice . As cars travel across the snow , the heat from the tires melts it . When the cold weather refreezes it , the flakes compact into a thin sheet of ice . That 's exactly what happened in Atlanta two weeks ago . It was n't the snow . It was the thin layer of ice that turned a metropolitan area of 6 million into a parking lot . Stir-crazy ? How to stay sane Worse still is freezing rain , which makes for a motorist 's arch nemesis -- black ice . You think it 's dry road , but it 's not . And by the time you notice , it 's way too late . It 's destructive Ice on roads also leaves behind scars when it 's gone . It flows into cracks and crevices as water -- on and under street surfaces , for example -- and then it freezes hard like stone . Why not put power lines underground ? In the process , it expands and can break things . Potholes result . Take the ice storm that hit northern Texas in December . It left hundreds of potholes on roads , highways and interstates . Around the same time , auto body shops in northern Texas also talked of seeing repairs surge -- from wheels tally-whacked out of alignment to busted mufflers . It lingers Icy danger lingers longer , because ice holds on longer than snow , Javaheri said . Ever notice those piles of snow in yards and parking lots that need days more to melt after the rest of the snow is long gone ? Most snow gets dirty after a day or two , which makes it absorb more of the sun 's rays and melt quicker , Javaheri said . Ice is solid and hardly takes in dirt . So it reflects much of the sun 's rays and , as a result , melts more slowly .	Ice adds much more weight to branches and power lines A 1998 ice storm in northern New England caused over a billion dollars in damage "  If you get even a 10th of an inch of ice on a road , it 's like a skating rink , " an official says After the ice melts , drivers then must contend with potholes
DAVIE , Florida  CNN  -- It 's 7 p.m. Homework is done , and cheerleading practice is over . Miley Cyrus plays the popular Hannah Montana on a hit Disney Channel show . Sisters Cara and Casey Von Minden , and their cousin , Amanda Flaherty , are more than comfortable on their couch in Davie , Florida . They 're doing what millions of tweens across America are doing -- they 're watching , "  Hannah Montana . " "  We did n't miss , like , any episodes of her , unless something really big was happening , " said Cara , 12 . The hit Disney Channel show -- which stars 14-year-old Miley Cyrus and her country singer dad , Billy Ray Cyrus -- is about a teenage girl who 's a typical high-schooler by day but has a secret pop-star alter ego by night . If you have a child between 6 and 14 , there 's a pretty good chance you know Hannah . Nielsen Media research says more than two-thirds of U.S. kids in that age group watched the show in the third quarter of 2007 . So when Disney announced a 54-city concert tour , starting October 18 in St. Louis , Missouri , it was an obvious birthday present for Cara . But the day tickets went on sale , Cara 's mom , Maureen Von Minden , found she was shut out before she got started . Ticket brokers swooped up thousands of tickets within minutes of them becoming available online and shut out legitimate Hannah followers . Desperate fans found they would have to pay brokers $ 350 to $ 2,000 for the $ 63 concert tickets . Watch Billy Ray Cyrus talk about the soaring prices " Von Minden lives in Florida -- in "  Hurricane Alley . " "  We 're hurricane people , " she said . "  It 's price gouging ... price gouging at its best . It would have been my daughters ' first concert for both of them , and we were looking forward as a family to going , and we ca n't , " she said . Concert promoters saw the phenomenon happening all over the country . "  Absolutely every show sold out within the same amount of time , " said Debra Rathwell of AEG Live , the company handling the concerts for Disney . "  Whether you were in Moline or Omaha or New York or Los Angeles , it sold out in minutes . " Ticket brokers use the Web to buy sports and concert tickets ahead of real fans , creating an almost $ 2 billion secondary market . "  Up to 80 percent of inquiries of tickets come from these brokers , " said Gary Bongiavanni , editor-in-chief of Pollstar , a weekly media magazine that tracks concerts . "  The average fan is competing with a pro whose mission is to score these tickets . Fans are at a disadvantage , " Bongiavanni said . The profits go to brokers , not the artists or promoters . CNN tried to contact several different ticket brokers that did not return phone calls or e-mails . But the National Association of Ticket Brokers did return calls . "  When a ticket is hot , people sell them , " said general counsel Gary Adler . Only five states -- Michigan , North Carolina , Kentucky , Massachusetts and Rhode Island -- limit brokering , according to the National Association of Ticket Brokers . Regulations vary . For example , in Rhode Island , the cap on the amount of the increase is $ 3 , or 10 percent above face value , whichever is greater . Ticketmaster says online some brokers cheat to beat the system and the fans . Ticketmaster has filed suit in U.S. Federal District Court in Los Angeles against a Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , software company that it claims developed software for ticket brokers that illegally "  allows them to cut in line " , said Ticketmaster vice president Joe Freeman . The software company , RMG Technologies , denies that allegation . It says the company should not be held accountable because Ticketmaster is getting paid for the tickets it sells . "  This may be the only time in history ... that any seller sued its customers for paying them too much money , " the attorney for RMG Technologies wrote in court documents . Promoters and artists have tried different methods to recoup lost revenue . For the Hannah Montana tour , AEG Live and Ticketmaster held an auction for tickets in some cities . But the auction , AEG concedes , was not for the average fan . The minimum bid for a single front-row seat at the Target Center in Minneapolis , Minnesota , was $ 2,605 . " ... If the tickets go to brokers , then they pay a lot of money for them . And if the brokers are going to end up with the tickets , then the artist should get paid for them , "  said Rathwell , whose company is handling the Montana tour . The Hannah Montana concert ticket debacle also has gotten the attention of law enforcement . Attorneys general in Arkansas and Missouri have filed a suit accusing ticket brokers of illegally reselling tickets to Montana 's "  Best of Both Worlds Tour . " "  When you allow the hijacking of the market , it 's literally the worst of both worlds . You get charged too much , and there 's no access for the locals , " said Jay Nixon , Missouri 's attorney general . Experts say Disney and the Hannah Montana franchise are victims , too , but they see nothing that will hurt the Disney brand . Billy Ray Cyrus , Miley 's dad , has commented on the issue . "  There is a law of supply and demand , and ... quite frankly , it 's beyond our control . We put together a concert tour , and I was really excited about Miley going out and playing for the fans , " he said . "  That 's what her tour is about . It 's for the kids and all the families that are watching Hannah Montana . " A Disney representative told CNN , "  It 's really unfortunate , and there is nothing we can do to stop it . These inflated costs only benefit the brokers . We were very pleased to hear that various law enforcement agencies are beginning to look into these practices . " Experts say that unless ticket broker prices drop as concert dates approach , there will be sold-out arenas with empty seats . Lawsuits will not put smiles on the faces of disappointed kids and parents . But Casey , 10 , said she has a suggestion on how to afford Montana tickets , and it falls on her 12-year-old sister : "  Cara needs to get a job ! " E-mail to a friend	Online ticket brokers snatched up thousands of Hannah Montana concert tickets Fans must pay $ 350 to $ 2,000 to brokers to get the $ 63 tickets Some states have filed lawsuits related to the ticket brokering
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- At least two people were killed and 48 others injured Saturday when a Russian passenger plane skidded off a runway after an emergency landing in Moscow . The plane made an emergency landing after all three of its engines failed , Russian Emergency Situations Ministry spokeswoman Veronika Smolskaya said . There were 155 people aboard , including seven children , she said . Of the injured , six people were hospitalized in the nearby town of Vidnoye , according to the ministry , and another 20 were on their way to local hospitals . The flight landed at Moscow 's Domodedovo airport about a half hour after it took off from Moscow 's Vnukovo airport , headed for Makhachkala in southern Russia , Smolskaya said . The plane was a Tupolev-154 belonging to Dagestan Airlines , she said . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko and Arkady Irshenko contributed to this report .	All three engines of the plane failed , Russian official says The plane took off and landed in Moscow 155 people were aboard the Dagestan Airlines flight
CNN  -- Uganda 's parliament adjourned Friday without acting on a bill that would have made engaging in homosexual acts a capital offense , leaving the future of the widely condemned bill uncertain . Though parliament 's mandate ends May 18 , next week has been reserved for the swearing in of new members . Friday 's lack of action on the proposed Anti-Homosexuality Bill means that the issue will not be discussed this session . The bill has been condemned internationally since October 2009 , when it was introduced . In addition to proposing the death penalty for certain gay acts , it proposed requiring anyone aware of violations of the bill to report them to the authorities within a day or face criminal sanction , said Human Rights Watch . The bill would have criminalized "  promotion of homosexuality , " the organization said in a written statement . That would have jeopardized the work of promoters of human rights , it said . The bill or an amended version of it could be presented in the next parliament , which is expected to open in June , Human Rights Watch said . But by then it would have to return to the beginning of the legislative process , the organization said . "  Today marks the end of a chapter in the fight to protect the rights of the LGBT community in Uganda but the struggle is n't over yet , " said Graeme Reid , director of the Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , and Transgender Program at Human Rights Watch , "  There 's a real danger we might see this bill remerge in some form . " Amnesty International released a statement expressing relief over the lack of action on the bill , which proposed life in prison for marriage by same-sex couples . "  We are relieved that the Anti-Homosexuality Bill was not passed into law today , " said Michelle Kagari , Amnesty International 's deputy director for Africa . "  This bill would have institutionalized the discrimination , including harassment and arbitrary arrests , that LGBT people in Uganda already face . " In Washington , State Department spokesman Mark Toner on Thursday condemned the proposed bill as "  odious . " He added that both President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton "  publicly said it is inconsistent with universal human rights standards and obligations . " Homosexuality is illegal in most countries in Africa , where sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism . In Uganda , homosexual acts are punishable by 14 years to life in prison , according to rights activists .	The future of the widely condemned bill is uncertain The bill would jeopardize the work of rights activists , Human Rights Watch says If presented in the next session , it would have to start the legislative process anew The U.S. government has described the bill as "  odious "
NEW YORK  CNNMoney.com  -- The nation is becoming even more diverse : More than one third of its population belongs to a minority group , and Hispanics are the fastest-growing segment . Nearly one in six residents , or 46.9 million people , are Hispanic , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . The U.S. Census Bureau reported Thursday that the minority population reached an estimated 104.6 million -- or 34 percent of the nation 's total population -- on July 1 , 2008 , compared to 31 percent when the Census was taken in 2000 . Nearly one in six residents , or 46.9 million people , are Hispanic , the agency reported . Even more telling for the future : 44 percent of children younger than 18 and 47 percent of children younger than the age of five are now from minority families . The quickly expanding Latino population is having a healthy impact on the economy , according to Ken Gronbach , author of "  The Age Curve : How to Profit from the Growing Demographic Trend . " "  Latinos have saved our country , " he said . "  They represent 14 percent of the population but 25 percent of the live births . The United States is the only western industrialized nation with a fertility rate above the 2.2 percent replacement rate . " Growth of other minority groups is also outpacing that of the majority population . Asians , the second-fastest growing group , increased 2.7 percent year-over-year to 15.5 million . The African-American population rose 1.3 percent to 41.1 million . Minority births , combined with high immigration levels , kept the nation 's population growing dynamically , spurring the economy by adding to consumer demand . They will also help to prop up the real-estate market once the economy begins to recover , according to Rakesh Kochhar , associate director of the Pew Hispanic Center . During the housing boom , minorities closed much of the homeownership gap , although the bust has worked to widen that again . As it ages , the Baby Boom generation , the largest age cohort in U.S. history , will start to sell their castles as they look to downsize their empty nests . But the group that would be expected to buy those houses , Generation X , has about 9 million fewer members . "  There would be about 10 homes for every eight buyers , " said Gronbach . "  Xers simply do not have the critical mass to make up for the boomers ' footprint . " Minorities will help take up that slack . They are relatively youthful and looking to house their families . The Hispanic population , for example , posted a median age of 27.7 years in 2008 . That compared to 36.8 years for the total U.S. population -- which is a year-and-a-half older than the median age in 2000 . The number of 65-year-olds and older is nearing 39 million , or 12.8 percent of the population , up from 12.4 percent in 2000 . The state with the oldest average residents is , not surprisingly , Florida : 17 percent of the retirement Mecca 's population was 65 or older . Latinos and other minority workers contribute to keeping the Social Security system solvent , according to Monique Morrissey , an economist for the Economic Policy Institute . The undocumented workers among them often pay more into the Social Security pool than they will take out in benefits . Morrissey said estimates of deficits in the pool 's finances were reduced last year when a Social Security advisory board 's technical panel revised some unrealistically low assumptions it had made about Latino immigration . "  They took into account people without papers -LSB- paying into Social Security -RSB- but not accessing funds from there , " she said . "  That 's bad for workers but very good for Social Security . " The most Latino county in the nation was Los Angeles , with 4.7 million people . Latinos accounted for nearly half the population there and increased 67,000 during the 12 months ended July 1 , the most of any county . The Rio Grande border county of Starr , Texas , has the highest proportion of Latino residents : 98 percent . California leads all states in the number of Latinos , with a population of 13.5 million , an increase of 313,000 in just one year . New Mexico , appropriately , has the highest percentage of Latinos : 45 percent . New York State has the greatest number of African-Americans -- 3.5 million -- while the District of Columbia and Mississippi have the highest percentages , at 56 percent and 38 percent respectively . In terms of counties , Cook County , Ill.  Chicago  leads all others with 1.4 million African Americans , while Claiborne County , Miss. , had the highest percentage at 84 percent . More than 5 million Asians live in California , more than in any other state ; Hawaii has the highest percentage of Asians at 54 percent . It 's the only majority-Asian state in the nation . Los Angeles County is home to 12.4 million Asians , the most of any county . Honolulu , with 58 percent , had the highest proportion . More Pacific Islanders  283,000  and native Americans  739,000  lived in California than any other state .	U.S. Census Bureau says the minority population has hit an estimated 104.6 million Nearly one in six residents , or 46.9 million people , are Hispanic The most Latino county in the nation was Los Angeles , with 4.7 million people
CNN  -- The death of boxing champion Mike Tyson 's 4-year-old daughter after a treadmill accident highlights the issue of hidden dangers in the home . Exercise equipment injures more than 25,000 children each year according to one safety organization . While most parents know enough about covering outlets and keeping poisonous household cleaning products locked away from the reach of their small children , most homes still have less obvious safety hazards that can have disastrous results for curious tots . "  Parents often overestimate their child 's intelligence , and underestimate their abilities , " explains Chrissy Cianflone , Director of Program Operations at Safe Kids USA , a nonprofit organization focused on preventing accidental childhood injury . Case in point : falls from windows . Though a parent might not regularly open windows in the house , it does not mean a child ca n't or wo n't . Placing furniture close to windows is a commonly overlooked safety hazard ; it allows children to easily climb up and out of the opening . Relying on screens to protect against falls is an inadequate solution , since most screens ca n't hold the weight of a child . Window guards are a safe choice : they offer protection and cost less than $ 30 each on average . Window treatment cords are another common , hidden pitfall . To prevent accidents , parents should tie up any cords from blinds or curtains , high enough out of a child 's reach , and make sure there is no furniture placed close by that would invite little ones to climb . Cianflone warns against unwittingly placing changing tables and cribs within reach of the window coverings . Dr. Gupta : Watch more on hidden dangers in the home " Power cords are a source of manifold dangers . They can cause electrical burns , strangulation , tripping , and serious head trauma from appliances being pulled down by little hands or feet . Parents should unplug and secure power cords whenever possible , and move appliances out of the way . With respect to home gyms , more than 25,000 children each year are injured from exercise equipment , including stationary bicycles , treadmills and stair climbers , according to the Consumer Product Safety Commission . Many of those injuries are related to power cords . Police in Phoenix , Arizona , say that Exodus Tyson was injured and later died after being strangled by a cord connected to the treadmill , possibly while playing with the machine . Her mother performed CPR after the accident but Exodus was in need of life support by the time authorities arrived . Since it 's usually impractical to unplug a piece of exercise equipment after every use , parental supervision is the primary means of avoiding accidents . Cianflone warns that if you have a home gym , "  make sure to limit your child 's access to that room . Keep the door shut and locked if you can , and if you have to leave the room , take the child with you . " Furniture tip-overs are another major unsuspected hazard . A 17-year study published in May 2009 by the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children 's Hospital found that capsized furniture sent an average of 15,000 children a year to the emergency room . The most commonly toppled furniture pieces are dressers and flat-screen television sets . Pulling out one or more dresser drawers decreases the stability of the piece if it is n't attached to the wall . Inexpensive wall mounting kits , available at hardware and baby stores , can secure up to 400 pounds of weight . Similarly , flat-screen TVs -- lighter and less stable than their predecessors -- should be mounted to a wall when possible . If that 's not an option , Cianflone recommends positioning the set far back on a stand , enough so that a child climbing the stand would still be unable to reach it . Parents should also keep tabs on toy and product recalls , in case any purchases are found to be potential hazards . A simple method to stay aware is to sign up for recall alerts via email from the Consumer Product Safety Commission . A child 's ability to get into certain types of trouble varies with the age and developmental stage of each individual child . For general guidelines , parents can go to Safe Kids for an age-based breakdown of hazards . Most critical is for parents to be aware of their particular child 's abilities and level of curiosity . "  Nobody knows a child better than the parent , so it 's important to be well-educated so a parent can take the steps necessary to mitigate hazards for their own child , " says Cianflone .	Death of Exodus Tyson puts spotlight on hidden household hazards Police : Mike Tyson 's 4-year-old was accidentally strangled with treadmill cord Falls from windows , furniture and flat screens that tip over cause many injuries Parents need to be aware of their own child 's abilities and level of curiosity
CNN  -- It 's another slap heard around the world , albeit a legal one this time . Two years after Wendi Deng made headlines for forcefully defending her husband -- News Corp. . CEO Rupert Murdoch -- from a pie-throwing intruder in Britain 's Parliament , she and their relationship are in the news again . Murdoch is filing for divorce from Deng , his third wife , a spokesman for the media mogul confirmed Thursday . It 's not known what precipitated the split to end the marriage that began in 1999 . Speculation , though , has swirled for months about the state of the couple 's relationship . The Chinese-born , Yale-educated Deng was very accomplished in her own right pre-Murdoch , even though critics jabbed her as a "  gold digger " through her marriage to the media mogul .	News Corp. . CEO Rupert Mudoch files for divorce from his third wife , Wendi Deng Chinese-born , Yale-educated Deng married Murdoch in 1999 ; the pair have two daughters Deng made headlines when she defended Murdoch from man armed with shaving-foam pie Questions remain about how Murdoch 's estimated $ 11 billion fortune will be divided
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A Minnesota flight instructor who notified his bosses of student Zacarias Moussaoui 's suspicious behavior received a $ 5 million reward Thursday from the State Department , two government officials told CNN . Zacarias Moussaoui was convicted in 2006 of conspiring to kill Americans on September 11 , 2001 . Clarence "  Clancy " Prevost was an instructor at the Pan Am International Flight Academy in Eagan , Minnesota , when Moussaoui was a student there . Moussaoui is the only person charged and convicted in connection with the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington . Prevost received the reward from the State Department 's Rewards for Justice program in a closed ceremony at the State Department , the officials told CNN . Moussaoui , an admitted al Qaeda operative , was prevented from participating in the 9/11 attacks because he was in jail . He was sentenced to life in prison without possibility of parole in connection with his role in 9/11 . He is held at the federal Supermax facility in Florence , Colorado . Prevost , a retired Northwest Airlines pilot , has never spoken publicly about Moussaoui , but testified during the sentencing phase of Moussaoui 's trial . He said that by the second day of teaching Moussaoui , he heard that Moussaoui paid the bulk of his $ 8,300 tuition for a flight simulator course in hundred-dollar bills . And that made Prevost think the FBI should be notified . He testified that he found Moussaoui to be a "  pretty genial guy " until a lunchtime conversation turned to the Hajj , a pilgrimage to Mecca made by Muslims . Prevost wanted to know if Moussaoui could explain the Hajj to him and asked , "  Are you Muslim ? " Prevost testified that Moussaoui responded by raising his voice and saying , "  I am nothing ! " Prevost testified that he approached his managers , and recalled telling them , "  We do n't know anything about this guy , and we 're teaching him how to throw the switches on a 747 . " But he said his managers at first told him Moussaoui had paid his money and they did n't care . Prevost testified that he told his bosses , "  We 'll care when there 's a hijacking and the lawsuits come in . " He testified Moussaoui 's stated goal of learning to fly from Heathrow Airport in London to New York 's John F. Kennedy Airport was unusual from the beginning , because Moussaoui had 50-odd hours of flight time on a single-engine propeller plane and no pilot 's license . Prevost testified he usually had students with more than 600 hours of flight time , and that they are usually professional pilots looking to upgrade their skills and fly bigger jets for a higher salary . But Moussaoui , he testified , "  had no frame of reference whatsoever with a commercial airliner . After 15 minutes I said , ` Let 's get lunch . ' " Prevost said he was worried that if Moussaoui completed the three four-hour 747 simulator sessions he had booked , he would know how to operate a real 747 . He testified that he let Moussaoui sit in on another student 's simulator session , but he never got any of his own sessions . A day after Prevost went to his bosses with his concerns , two Pan Am program managers called the FBI , leading to Moussaoui 's arrest on an immigration violation . Moussaoui had stayed in the United States past his allowed 90 days on his French passport . In November , the Air Line Pilots Association , International , presented Prevost with its 2007 Presidential Citation Award for his efforts to alert authorities to Moussaoui , according to an ALPA statement . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	Minnesota instructor notices Zacarias Moussaoui 's odd behavior , tells bosses His bosses , at first reluctant , eventually alert FBI who arrest Moussaoui Moussaoui , an admitted al Qaeda operative , was in jail during September 11 , 2001 Clarence "  Clancy " Prevost receives $ 5 million from State Department Thursday
Editor 's note : As Syria 's neighboring countries are struggling to accommodate an influx of refugees , no place is less prepared to cope than Iraq . Save the Children CEO Carolyn Miles recently returned from a visit to the refugee camps in Iraq where she saw the conditions firsthand . Save The Children  -- Tiny baby Banaz sat sleeping peacefully in her car seat , unaware of the hubbub around her . Her beautiful 2-month-old face was the picture of calm . We sat on an old mattress in the heat and spoke with her parents , who had left Syria just one month before . They fled the violence and instability in the province of Hasakah in northern Syria to come to this teeming , garbage strewn spot near the northern Iraqi mountains . Her young father spoke of the day they decided to leave Syria , when the fighting got to be too much . The family of four -- mother , father , 2-year-old Zahraa and 1-month-old Banaz -- left with nothing but what they could carry on the walk to Domiz camp . Banaz and her family may be some of the lucky ones to get to the relative safety of this northern region of Iraq . The border at the crossing they came through was closed during our visit , with thousands of Syrian refugees , many of them Kurdish , now waiting along the border . They are escaping the fighting that has torn Syria apart and scattered its people . The border points for refugees trying to leave Syria can close unpredictably -- just one more piece of uncertainty for a people brutalized by a war that has killed at least 70,000 and driven more than 1.7 million from Syria to Lebanon , Jordan , Turkey , Egypt and here in Iraq . These refugees may be the most forgotten of this war , with the majority of the attention and funding for relief going to the large populations now living in Jordan and Lebanon . But Iraq now has more than 161,000 refugees -- most of them in northern Iraq -- and by UNHCR estimates that figure could reach a staggering 350,000 by the end of this year . The Kurdistan Regional Government , which leads three northern provinces of Iraq , has stepped up to try to help those flowing across the Syrian border , providing basic housing and services like meals and water . But the flow is becoming too much , with a camp developed last April for 10,000 now swelling to more than 50,00 , with absolutely no capacity to receive any more of those expected to surge in again once the border reopens . The conditions in the camp are tough . More than 50,000 people are packed in a dense area outside the city of Duhok with no sewer systems , insufficient everything , and the threat of screaming wind storms , like the one that tore apart tents the day before our arrival . The smell and the heat -- 90 F when we were there , certain to be 110 or more by August -- follow you everywhere and trash is piled high along parts of the rutted dirt and mud pathways . Banaz 's parents were doing the best they could , staying in the tent with a neighbor from their old village while they waited for a tent of their own and searched for work in the nearby village . The father was a roofer by trade and was trying to find a position that would allow him to get his family out of the camp to a better life . When asked if he would go back to Syria , he said of course it was his country and he loved it and would go back -- as soon as it was safe . As we finished our visit , Banaz 's eyes fluttered open and she blinked awake . This little baby is clearly cherished in the midst of the squalor and hardship that is now her family 's life . She and her parents and sister should not be forgotten in Iraq . It is an urgent and rapidly growing need , and we must all step up and help in a country that now faces yet another major challenge after years of war . For more information on how you can help Syrian refugee families across the region , go to savethechildren.org/Syria or CNN.com / impact . * Please note that names have been changed to protect the privacy of those involved .	The exodus of Syrian refugees currently equals around 250,000 each month Iraq now houses more than 151,000 Syrian refugees After more than a decade of conflict , Iraq is struggling to provide for the influx Save the Children is working to improve camp conditions for Syrian refugees everywhere
CNN  A 110-day cat-and-mouse chase spanning from Antarctic waters to the coast of west Africa had an unlikely end when the crew of an alleged poaching vessel were rescued by conservationists pursuing them . Environmentalist group Sea Shepherd had been tailing the Thunder -- subject of an Interpol "  purple notice " for suspected fraud and fisheries-related crimes -- since its ship the Bob Barker encountered it in the Southern Ocean several months ago . The pursuit ended early Monday in the Gulf of Guinea , off the coast of west Africa , when the Bob Barker received a distress call from the Thunder . "  We were literally a few hundred meters away ; they said the ship was sinking and they were abandoning the Thunder , " said Sea Shepherd spokesman Adam Burling . "  We invited the crew -- 40 of them -- on board , had a medical officer check them over , provided them with food and water . " Bob Barker Captain Peter Hammarstedt said the crew rescued from the ship had been handed over to the Sao Tome coastguard early Tuesday . He said he hoped the authorities would work with Interpol to prosecute those operating the vessel . "  We obviously want to see the captain of the Thunder prosecuted for his offenses , " he told CNN by phone from the Bob Barker , at sea to the west of Sao Tome . Hammarstedt said he believed the Thunder was deliberately sunk to destroy physical evidence of illegal fishing . "  I 'm 100 % confident that the captain of the Thunder destroyed his own ship , " he said . Hammarstedt said he had managed to send three crew members aboard the abandoned Thunder before it went down . "  Usually what happens when a vessel is sinking is the master will ensure all compartments and hatches are shut so as to maintain buoyancy , " he said . "  On the Thunder , all the hatches had been opened , including the hatch leading to the fish hold . " He said his crew had retrieved computers , mobile phones and other devices from the Thunder that would be handed over to assist any investigation . They had also retrieved a fish from the ship 's fish hold , which he said was about a quarter full . He said the fish was a toothfish , the prized stock his organization claims the Thunder was illegally catching when they were encountered in the Southern Ocean . More surprising was the reaction of the captain of the Thunder as his ship went under , he claimed . "  When the vessel went completely under the water , the captain of the Thunder , who was in a life raft at the time , started cheering and applauding , which was very unusual behavior for a skipper who had just lost his ship , " he said . The pursuit of the Thunder began after the Bob Barker encountered the vessel off the coast of Antarctica , said Burling . He claimed the vessel was found with its nets in the water , illegally catching Patagonian toothfish . The Thunder dropped its nets and left the scene ; a second Sea Shepherd vessel that was brought in to retrieve the net found about $ 3 million of toothfish catch in about 72km of illegal gillnet , he claimed . "  That 's why they 're out there in these shadowlands , these unpatrolled remote regions , " he said . Meanwhile the Bob Barker , supported by a second Sea Shepherd vessel , pursued the Thunder all the way to the Gulf of Guinea . During that time , Burling claimed , the Bob Barker narrowly avoided being rammed by the fishing vessel , while its smaller boats were struck with grappling hooks . The rescue had gone smoothly despite the months of tensions between the two vessels , said Burling . "  We worried what they might be like to our crew , whether they might be hostile or violent to us , " he said . But the Indonesian crew who made up the majority of those on board the Thunder seemed "  very relieved " to be rescued . The officers -- who he believed were Spanish -- were less so . "  Perhaps they would have preferred to have been rescued by someone else , but given the location there was really no other option , " he said . An Interpol "  purple notice , " released at the request of New Zealand in December 2013 , put out a global call for information on the Thunder , as well as information on "  the individuals and networks that own , operate and profit from the illegal actions of the vessel . " It said the vessel had changed its name , national registration and other characteristics a number of times to avoid detection of its illegal fishing activities , and had sailed under the names "  Wuhan N 4 " and "  Kuko , " and under the flags of Nigeria and Mongolia . The Interpol notice said it had "  conflicting information " about the identity of the vessel 's current operator , but said it had previously been registered as owned by companies in Spain , the Seychelles and Nigeria . Interpol confirmed Tuesday that the purple notice remained in place . It said it had monitored the situation and noted that all the vessel 's crew members were safely ashore . "  Interpol does not conduct investigations itself ; however , we remain available to support any national law enforcement authorities with jurisdiction in this case if such assistance is requested , " it told CNN . It said no requests had been received as yet .	Sea Shepherd rescues the crew of an alleged poaching ship it had chased for 110 days The conservationist group had pursued the vessel since it was found illegally fishing off Antarctica , it says Sea Shepherd captain tells CNN he believes the ship was deliberately sunk to destroy evidence
CNN  -- Paris police on Tuesday continued to search for the man who shot a photographer twice near the heart with a shotgun in the lobby of the French daily newspaper Liberation on Monday . The victim was in intensive care , Paris prosecutor Francois Molins said . The gunman fled after the attack , and authorities released photos showing a 5-foot-6-inch to 5-foot-8-inch tall man with a "  European appearance " and graying hair . He was estimated to be between 35 and 45 years old . Police said he was carrying one or two bags and was wearing a khaki parka or a green pullover , a dark sleeveless vest , green-and-white basketball shoes and a dark cap . On Tuesday , police released another image of the suspect that showed him wearing what appeared to be a red parka , blue T-shirt and pale brown knitted hat . Paris police had no information about the man 's motive , and prosecutors issued a plea for witnesses who may have seen a man "  making death threats while carrying a gun , " according to a statement . The suspect apparently also opened fire in front of Societe Generale towers in Paris , the international bank said on Twitter . There were no injuries in that shooting , and police are investigating , the bank said . Another man told police he was carjacked in the neighborhood of La Defense . The bank 's towers are in the same neighborhood . The man said he dropped the assailant off near the Champs-Elysee , the city 's main street , according to police . On Friday , a gunman broke into BFMTV , threatening journalists before fleeing . The description of the man at Liberation is similar to that of the man at BFMTV , and the gun used was of similar caliber , police said . But it has not been established that it was the same man . ' A fundamental freedom ... critically injured ' "  We will do everything in our power to catch this individual , " Interior Minister Manuel Valls announced Monday . "  In our country , we can not accept those who attack our fundamental rights , a right that women and men have always fought for all over the world . Lives have been lost over this right . " There had been no recent threats against the paper , and security was not high , managing editor Fabrice Rousselot told CNN affiliate BFMTV . "  Liberation is not and never has been a bunker . Liberation is a place of freedom , " publisher Nicolas Demorand said . "  We do not want to work behind bulletproof glass . We do not want to work behind iron curtains . ... "  We do n't know the motivation , whether this was an act by a madman , but we can see today that a fundamental freedom has been critically injured . " Demorand told BFMTV that the 23-year-old assistant photographer was "  a little better " Tuesday , but still in critical condition . CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Authorities looking for witnesses release descriptions of gunman A newspaper employee was shot twice near the heart A man opened fire in the lobby of the French daily Liberation There were no injuries in a carjacking and when a shot was fired outside a bank
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan and NATO troops killed 10 insurgents during separate sweeps in southern and eastern Afghanistan , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said Monday . ISAF said coalition troops spotted insurgents placing an improvised explosive device in the Musa Qal ` ah district of Helmand province and killed several with small arms fire . In the Tagab district of Kapisa province , ISAF said a combined patrol of coalition and Afghan forces came under fire from insurgents . The patrol returned fire , killing and wounding what ISAF described as "  numerous " insurgents . ISAF also said separate patrols found a number of weapons , ammunition and explosive components in caches located in eastern and southern Afghanistan . Meanwhile , one person died and 26 were injured when a car bomb exploded Monday as police were picking up their paychecks in the southern Afghan city of Kandahar , authorities said . The bomb detonated in a Toyota Corolla about 500 meters  1,640 feet  from Kabul Bank , a police security director there said . The Kandahar Government Media and Information Center said the injured included 16 police and 10 civilians . CNN 's Matiullah Mati and Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	NEW : NATO and Afghan troops kill 10 insurgents Car bomb explodes in Kandahar as police picked up their paychecks 1 person died and 26 others were injured in the bombing
CNN  -- As a Russian proposal to strip Syria of its chemical weapons began to take shape , the White House eased off the gas on Tuesday in its drive for congressional approval to strike the Middle Eastern country . President Barack Obama asked congressional leaders to delay votes on authorizing military action in Syria while the diplomatic process works itself out , the president announced in a prime-time speech to Americans . Obama said he will continue talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin and will send Secretary of State John Kerry to meet with his Russian counterpart , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , in Geneva , Switzerland , on Thursday . The United States will also give U.N. inspectors the opportunity to report their findings about the suspected chemical attack that occurred August 21 , the president said . "  Meanwhile , I 've ordered our military to maintain their current posture to keep the pressure on  Syrian President Bashar al -  Assad and to be in a position to respond if diplomacy fails , " Obama said in his 16-minute address . Earlier , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid announced on the Senate floor that he had canceled a briefing for all senators scheduled for Wednesday . He said the Senate schedule was driven by developments and not by an artificial timeline . "  It 's important that we do this well , not quickly , " he said . "  We 'll see what 's going on . You know , the last 24 hours has had some remarkable changes in what people are talking about . Let 's see what else happens . " Keeping up with the latest key developments Important meeting in Geneva Kerry will bring a team of experts with him Thursday for the talks with Lavrov , according to senior State Department officials . Another U.S. official told CNN the Department of Defense will be sending experts in chemical weapons and weapons of mass destruction . The discussions are expected to take place in several sessions over two days , but negotiations may not be concluded in Geneva , the officials cautioned . The officials said a final deal -- whenever it is reached -- would be taken to the United Nations and presented in a Security Council resolution . Russia calls off Security Council session Moscow withdrew its request for an emergency United Nations Security Council meeting on the Syrian crisis that had been set for Tuesday , a U.N. diplomat said . Russia -- which has been a key player in efforts to have Syria give up its chemical weapons -- dropped its request due to "  changing circumstances , " according to the diplomat . Syria is willing to join the Chemical Weapons Convention , Foreign Minister Walid Moallem said before departing Moscow . "  We are ready to fully cooperate in realizing the initiative , " he told reporters , according to a CNN translation . Earlier Tuesday , Russia 's Foreign Ministry said it deemed as "  unacceptable " a French proposal -- also backed by some U.S. lawmakers -- asking the Security Council to declare Syria responsible for the August 21 chemical attack that U.S. officials say killed more than 1,400 people . According to Syrian state TV , Syria on Tuesday accepted Russia 's proposal to put its chemical weapons under international control a day after Kerry floated the idea in what appeared to be an off-the-cuff comment suggesting it would be the only way for Syria to avoid a punishing Western military strike . Moallem said the country was ready to disclose the location of its chemical weapons , halt production and show facilities to representatives of Russia , the United Nations and other states . Syria 's chemical arsenal at a glance Syria is a longtime Russian ally , and Russian officials have argued , as have Syrian officials , that rebel forces could have staged the attack . Growing support Moallem said Tuesday that his country had agreed to the Russian proposal after what the Russian new agency Interfax quoted him as calling "  a very fruitful round of talks " with his Russian counterpart , Lavrov , on Monday . Despite the lack of details , the idea was gaining traction around the world . On Monday , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon expressed support for the concept . Tuesday , a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman said it would safeguard stability in the region . Syrian ally Iran welcomed the proposal , and Germany expressed interest . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said France will not accept delays in the transfer . "  We need quick results , " Fabius said . European Union Foreign Affairs Secretary Catherine Ashton said she supported the French plan to bring the issue to the Security Council , saying the proposal "  now needs to be fully worked up as quickly as possible . " Even Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , a proponent of a military strike on Syria and robust aid to the rebels , said the idea was worth exploring . "  I 'm very , very skeptical , " he said on CNN 's "  New Day . " "  But the fact is , you ca n't pass up this opportunity -- if it is one . " CNN Poll : Syria strike Inauspicious beginning The Russian proposal surfaced publicly on Monday , when Kerry -- responding to a reporter asking what Syria could do to stop a U.S. attack -- suggested that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad "  could turn over every single bit of his chemical weapons to the international community in the next week . " "  He is n't about to do it , and it ca n't be done , obviously , " Kerry added . His spokeswoman , Jen Psaki , sought to roll back the comments , saying the secretary was simply responding to a "  hypothetical . " But it turns out Putin brought the idea up to Obama last week , a senior administration official said Monday night . Kerry and Lavrov have also been discussing ways for Moscow to get involved for more than a year , the official said . But U.S. officials did n't realize how serious Russia was until Lavrov seized on Kerry 's comment on Monday , the official said . Obama 's challenge : Convince you on Syria CNN 's Lisa Desjardins , Stephanie Halasz , C.Y. Xu , Yousuf Basil , Ed Payne , Ashley Killough , Tom Cohen , Dana Bash , Steve Brusk , Dan Merica , Paul Steinhauser , Zachary Wolf , Samira Said , Joe Vaccarello and Karla Crosswhite contributed to this report .	NEW : President says he will continue talks with Russia 's president , while keeping military ready NEW : Obama says he is sending Secretary of State John Kerry to meet with Russian foreign minister Syria will sign on to chemical weapons accord , Foreign Minister Walid Moallem says Syria also prepared to disclose chemical weapons , discontinue production , he says
CNN  Days after gunmen reigned terror in France , more answers are emerging in the case -- while many remain uncertain . Millions rallied in Paris against terrorism and extremism over the weekend . Thousands of police officers and at least 10,000 soldiers are being deployed across France . And the remaining suspect in last week 's terror attacks remains on the loose . And the shooting of a random jogger Wednesday has reportedly been linked to the spate of violence that included the attack at French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo , the deadly siege at a kosher store and the killing of a policewoman . Here 's the latest on the investigation , the response and the lingering threat : Astonishing sight : More than 3.7 million people marched throughout France in colossal anti-terrorism rallies Sunday . French officials say the outpouring was the largest gathering in the country 's history . Notable absence : Forty world leaders marched in solidarity at the Paris event , but neither President Barack Obama nor any other high-ranking U.S. official was there . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry was in India , attending an entrepreneurship summit . Kerry said Monday he 'll be headed to France on Thursday and called the criticism against the administration "  sort of quibbling . " "  The U.S. has been deeply engaged with the people of France since this incident occurred , " Kerry said . White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Monday , "  I think it 's fair to say that we should have sent someone with a higher profile to be there . " Surprising gesture : Among those condemning the attack included the Palestinian militant group Hamas , which the United States and others consider a terrorist organization . "  The difference of opinions and thoughts can not justify murder , " the group said over the weekend . But Hamas did n't specifically condemn the attack on the Jewish supermarket that left four people dead . Fighting back : Just as they promised to do , hackers claiming to be with the group Anonymous say they have blocked a jihadist website in retaliation for the attack . The website ansar-alhaqq . net , a French jihadist site , was redirected to the search engine Duck Duck Go . Hackers using the Twitter handle @OpCharlieHebdo claimed responsibility . Going home : The bodies of the four Jewish victims in the deadly standoff at the kosher market in eastern Paris will be taken to Israel for burial . The funerals will take place Tuesday . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu also said any Jews who want to immigrate to Israel will be welcome . Ever vigilant : At least 10,000 soldiers and 8,000 police officers will be deployed across France as it elevates its national security alert system to the highest level . Prime Minister Manuel Valls said an estimated 4,700 officers will be tasked with securing 717 Jewish schools . "  We must remain vigilant because the threat is still very much present , " Valls told CNN affiliate BFMTV . Sleeper cells : French police were told Saturday that sleeper cells had been activated over the past 24 hours inside France , terror expert Samuel Laurent said he was told by a police source . He said officers were told to erase all visible online presence on social media and keep their weapons on themselves at all times . Newspaper firebombed : Hamburger Morgenpost , a German newspaper that reprinted the Charlie Hebdo cartoons , was firebombed early Sunday . The incendiary device was thrown into the archive section of the building . No one was inside at the time . Another newspaper -- Le Soir in Belgium -- was evacuated after someone called in a bomb threat . Ripple effect : The head of the British MI5 intelligence service issued a warning that al Qaeda is plotting to massacre a huge number of civilians in Britain and other Western countries . And the New York Police Department told officers to remain alert after someone re-released a September ISIS message that tells followers to "  rise up and kill intelligence officers , police officers , soldiers , and civilians . " The threat specifically named the United States , France , Australia and Canada as targets . In all , 17 people were massacred by at least three terror suspects over three days . • The first terror attack Wednesday killed 12 people at the Charlie Hebdo office in Paris . • The next day , a French policewoman was gunned down . • On the third and final day , four hostages were killed when a terrorist seized a Jewish grocery . A fourth attack ? Did Amedy Coulibaly , who took customers and workers hostage at a kosher market in eastern Paris on Friday , also shoot a jogger earlier in the week ? Paris prosecutor Francois Molins said the attacks on the jogger Wednesday and the supermarket were linked after a ballistic analysis of the bullet casings , French media reported . But investigators ca n't confirm with certainty that it was Coulibaly who shot the jogger . The jogger is reportedly still in a hospital with life-threatening injuries . In all , four people are suspected in the Paris attacks : • Brothers Cherif Kouachi , 32 , and Said Kouachi , 34 , who rampaged through the offices of Charlie Hebdo . Security forces killed them Friday , ending a widespread manhunt . • Amedy Coulibaly , 32 , who took hostages at the kosher supermarket and is suspected of killing the policewoman . Authorities also killed him . • Hayat Boumeddiene , 26 , is Coulibaly 's partner and suspected co-conspirator . She remains at large . Linked together : Three of the four suspects were thought to be part of the same jihadist group , said Pascal Disant of the Alliance Police Union . Also , at least one suspect in the supermarket standoff demanded the freedom of the suspects in the Charlie Hebdo attack . Boumeddiene was not in France at the time of the attacks , according to Turkey 's Anadolu news agency . She arrived in Turkey from Madrid on January 2 , then traveled to Syria . The last place authorities spotted Boumeddiene was somewhere near Turkey 's border with Syria . Valls told CNN that authorities are looking into whether Boumeddiene helped prepare the attacks before leaving France . Is AQAP involved ? Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has claimed responsibility for the attack at Charlie Hebdo , the founder of the magazine The Intercept told CNN . But CNN has not independently confirmed this assertion . Possible al-Awlaki tie : But U.S. authorities believe Charlie Hebdo attacker Said Kouachi may have met with the late American terrorist cleric Anwar al-Awlaki at some point in Yemen and received orders from al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula to carry out an attack , a U.S. official told CNN 's Barbara 's Starr . ISIS paraphernalia found : Investigators discovered ISIS flags , automatic weapons and detonators in an apartment near Paris rented by Coulibaly , France 's RTL Radio reported Sunday , citing authorities . While Boumeddiene remains at large , her partner 's hideaway may provide more clues about her . CNN 's Tim Lister , Jethro Mullen , Catherine E. Shoichet , Faith Karimi , Alex Felton and Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	A historic , massive rally took place Sunday in France Authorities are investigating an attack on a jogger
If Anne Frank had not died a teenager in a Nazi concentration camp in 1945 , Justin Bieber hopes she would have been his devoted fan . That 's what Bieber , 19 , wrote in the guestbook at the Anne Frank House when he visited there Friday , according to the Amsterdam site . "  Truly inspiring to be able to come here . Anne was a great girl . Hopefully she would have been a belieber , " Bieber wrote . The tourist site posted the message on its Facebook page . Adolescent and teen girls obsessed with the Canadian singer are known as "  beliebers . " Bieber , who is in the middle of a European tour , stopped by the Anne Frank House between his concert in Antwerp , Belgium , and a Saturday performance in Arnhem , Netherlands . He told fans on Twitter it was a "  chill day . " Bieber visited the house "  together with his friends and guards " Friday night , according to the site 's official Facebook page . The Anne Frank House confirmed to CNN that its Facebook post carrying Bieber 's message was authentic . "  Fans were waiting outside to see a glimpse of him . He stayed more than an hour in the museum , " the Facebook page said . Bieber : From tween sensation to adult icon Anne Frank 's story Frank was 13 when she and her family began hiding in a dark and damp "  secret annex " of the house to escape the German roundup of Jews in Holland in July 1942 . She never left the house for two years , spending much of her time writing in her diary , until she and her family were found and arrested by Nazis in August 1944 . Swiss man reintroduces his cousin : Anne Frank 's letters Anne Frank died of typhus in the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in March 1945 . Her diary survived to tell her tragic and inspiring story . Bieber 's representatives did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment Sunday , but visitors to the Anne Frank Facebook page had plenty to say . A sample of reactions : "  Glad he went , but , the last sentence is VERY self serving . he missed the lessons of Anne totally . " "  She would 've been a WHAT ? That little idiot is way too full of himself . She 's an important historical figure so show some respect . " "  Way to turn an inspiring moment into something about yourself . " "  lets hope she would have never been a belieber " "  Here I thought it was nice of him to go and see the history of her until I read what he wrote . Have some respect Mr. Bieber for she will be famous long after your fame fizzles . " " ` Despite everything , i believe people are really good at heart ' - Anne Frank I think before everyone goes bashing Justin Bieber we should take a moment to think about these words and why Anne said them . " Bieber spat on me , neighbor charges	Justin Bieber visits Anne Frank house during a "  chill day " in Amsterdam Visit was "  truly inspiring , " the singer writes in Anne Frank guest book His "  belieber " comment sparks objections Teen girls obsessed with the Canadian singer are known as "  beliebers "
CNN  -- "  The Walking Dead " left us hanging with its midseason finale last year , so we knew to expect surprises when the AMC show returned Sunday . And oh , were there surprises . We talked with Danai Gurira -- aka Michonne -- ahead of Sunday 's premiere , and she said to watch for a different tone during the remainder of season four as the focus shifted to the journey of individual characters . She conveniently left out that her character 's backstory would be explored in a dream sequence , a scene that easily became one of Sunday 's highlights . There was much-needed insight into Michonne , including an apparent explanation on why she became so emotional when holding baby Judith -- she had had a son before  not to mention a lover  . Here are three other moments that still have us talking : 1 . Rick 's not dead , is he ? Rick was left in a horrid state after a prison attack in the midseason finale , and at first it seemed that he was going to be the first casualty of "  The Walking Dead 's " return . Our panic grew after a struggling Carl thought his father was a goner when he could n't wake him up . During the seconds it took for Carl to draw and aim his gun , we wondered the same thing he 'd been wondering : Could he survive without his dad ? Thankfully , he did n't have to answer that question . 2 . Michonne 's walker "  pets " and a disturbing discovery In addition to her backstory filling in some of the blanks , Michonne revived something else from the past Sunday : her "  pets . " As she left the prison , she crafted another set of armless , jawless walkers to accompany her through the desolation -- but not before stumbling upon the decapitated head of Hershel . But Michonne 's a soldier : She pushed past the horror of finding Hershel 's zombie noggin and had the courage to end his life . Her strength was on display again when she sprang back to life in a herd of walkers , slaying them with her weapon of choice , a katana . 3 . Carl becomes a man Rick , Carl and Michonne were the only three from the original clan in Sunday 's episode , which offered an especially intimate view of Carl 's struggle . He was angry with his father , Rick , for the desperate state they 're now in , so much so he believes he can make it on his own and would n't care if his dad were dead .  That 's obviously not so true , given his hesitation to shoot him .  Carl did test out his solo survival skills , and although he nearly was turned into a walker , the experience left him unscathed and with a renewed perspective . Carl is becoming a man -- and one who clearly enjoys giant cans of pudding .	"  The Walking Dead 's " midseason premiere focused on Michonne , Rick and Carl Part of the episode filled in some of Michonne 's backstory It also highlighted Carl 's transition into adulthood
CNN Student News  -- September 23 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • New York City • Cuba • Chile Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Old McDonald had a farm . And if you could text about that fast enough , you might have won 50 grand ! Today , you 'll meet the teenager who did . I 'm Carl Azuz . Welcome to CNN Student News ! First Up : U.N. General Assembly AZUZ : First up , leaders from around the world are coming together for a meeting in New York City . It 's the United Nations General Assembly , and it gets together every year . The group is going to talk about world issues ; different leaders will make speeches . President Obama is scheduled to address the assembly today . So what ? Why does it matter that a bunch of leaders are having a meeting ? Well , the United Nations General Assembly is made up of 192 countries . And when we say they 're talking about world issues , we mean big subjects , like poverty and security , and specific things , like the war in Afghanistan or Iran 's nuclear program . They ca n't create new laws . But the decisions that they make and the policies that they come up with can have a big influence on what goes on in the world . Health Care Provisions AZUZ : In the health care reform bill that you see President Obama signing over my shoulder here , that might 've been his biggest victory of his first two years in office . And parts of that law go into effect this week . For example , you can stay on your parents ' health insurance until you 're 26 , and insurance companies ca n't turn down children with medical conditions that exist at the time they apply for insurance . Some people were and still are against this law , though . For one thing , it can cost a lot of money . Plus , critics do n't like the idea that people have to get health insurance . That part of the bill goes into effect in a few years . What 's the Word ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : What 's the word ? the sector of a country 's economy that is n't run by its government PRIVATE SECTOR That 's the word ! Cuban Economy AZUZ : Running a business in the private sector means risks and rewards . You can set your own prices , but there 's no one to really fall back on if things do n't go so well . Shasta Darlington looks at what 's in store for thousands of Cubans who are about to lose their government jobs and make the shift into the private sector . BEGIN VIDEO SHASTA DARLINGTON , CNN CORRESPONDENT , HAVANA : A tall order in communist Cuba : finding jobs for half a million laid-off workers in the private sector . Here in Old Havana , not everyone is celebrating this capitalist notion . Like it or not , employees at this barbershop around the corner are being pushed off the state payroll and handed the shop . They 'll be able to set prices and keep earnings , but they 'll now have to pay taxes and rent , and there 's no longer the guarantee of a fixed income . GERARDO , HAVANA BARBER -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : "  I 've been working for the state for years now and I 'm not interested in going private , " says Gerardo . "  I want to keep working for the state . " DARLINGTON : Cuba plans to shed ten percent of public sector jobs over the next six months and allow more private enterprise to absorb the unemployed . A dramatic attempt by President Raul Castro to reshape the sputtering economy . He says the state simply ca n't afford a bloated and unproductive workforce . But do n't expect American-style big business . Cuba 's new entrepreneurs will be encouraged to start small operations , maybe driving taxis , laying bricks or perhaps repairing toys . Now , to get an idea of what 's in store for them , we 're talking to some of the people already working in the country 's miniscule private sector . Emilio Mendoza was laid off during Cuba 's last major economic crisis in the '90s . He bought a government license and set up a cobbler 's shop in his driveway . He says Cubans should see this as an opportunity . Isidro , a taxi driver , says it depends on how much the state charges its new entrepreneurs in taxes and licensing fees . They all agree , the days of getting paid by the government , whether you work or lounge about , are over . Still , the state controls about 90 percent of the economy . These modest proposals are n't likely to radically shift that balance , but they will give life to a new class of small businesses that could change the face of Cuba . END VIDEO Shoutout STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! Which one of these is the flag of Chile ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A , B , C or D ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Option C is Chile 's flag ; its design was influenced by the U.S. flag . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! 24 Hours in the Chilean Mine AZUZ : The 33 men who are waiting to be rescued from a mine in Chile are experiencing things most people never will and most people hope they never will . Take something as simple as time . We can check our watches , our cell phones . They can do that too . But when we look outside , we can see the sun , we can see the moon , we can sort of estimate what time of day or night it is in some cases . They ca n't do that . Karl Penhaul shows us a day in the life when you are trapped underground . BEGIN VIDEO KARL PENHAUL , CNN CORRESPONDENT , CHILE : A new dawn breaks . 33 miners face another day trapped half a mile deep . Rescue workers say the men never lost their notion of time . MIGUEL FORTT , CHILE RESCUE COORDINATOR -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : The miners have cell phones , so they had a calendar . They knew perfectly what day it was and what time it was . The only thing they did n't know was what the weather was like . PENHAUL : It 's 8 a.m. on the surface . Far underground , day shift is starting . They 're working to help rescue themselves . FORTT -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : They have eight hours of rest , another eight-hour work shift , and eight hours to play games , read , write letters , jog or have a walk , because they have access to about 2.5 km of tunnels . PENHAUL : Time is marked by meals sent down in metal tubes rescuers call carrier pigeons . Nurse Mabel Rios is supervising . MABEL RIOS , NURSE -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : About 7:45 , we send them breakfast . At 10 a.m. , a milkshake . At 12 , we send them lunch . At 4 p.m. , another milkshake . And around 7 p.m. , we send them their dinner . PENHAUL : First job of the day : check air quality . By midday , paramedic Yonni Barrios has checked all the miners ' vital signs and sent the data to doctors above . Around the clock , miners help with the rescue effort , clearing debris from the drills now boring an escape shaft . At 4 p.m. , day shift ends . Miners play games , listen to music , and work out on the orders of a personal trainer far above . FORTT -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : Because they 're sitting down all day , they have a personal trainer to help them cut down their waistline so they can fit in the rescue capsule . PENHAUL : Work or rest , the miners spend their day wandering up and down between the workshop , refuge or camp . But until the day one of the drills finally rescues them , those 33 lives must stay on hold . Karl Penhaul , CNN , at the San Jose Mine in northern Chile . END VIDEO Heroes Promo AZUZ : The CNN Heroes program honors everyday folks who find ways to change the world . This year 's top 10 CNN Heroes are being announced today . You can go to CNN.com to find out who they are and learn about what they do . Teacher 's Lounge Promo AZUZ : And teachers : the CNN Teachers ' Lounge is open ! You can find it in the bottom right corner of our front page , that 's CNNStudentNews.com . The Teachers ' Lounge is a place for you teachers to sound off on issues in education . This week , we want to know what advice you have for new teachers . Texting Champion AZUZ : We 're not sure we have any advice for Brianna Hendrickson . At least not when it comes to texting . The 13 year old took first place in the National Texting Championship . The final challenge : type out a modified version of "  Old McDonald . " Brianna nailed it in just 60 seconds . The prize : $ 50,000 ! She won $ 50,000 for texting and the chance to compete again . Win that one , and she might get another 50 grand , plus get to pick a charity that 'll get a $ 50,000 donation . Before We Go AZUZ : That 's a lot of dough . We 're cooking up a different ingredient for today 's Before We Go segment : corn ! You probably ca n't tell from this high up , but that 's what this is . It 's actually a corn maze . The annual Idaho attraction is opening up this week . The designer says it took him two days ; he does it all by hand . Can you imagine spending two straight days out in the fields making this ? Goodbye AZUZ : That 's a guy who really gets lost in his work . We 're back tomorrow . We hope you 'll lend us an ear then ! You 'll find many kernels of knowledge ! It 's gon na be cobs of fun ! Whoo ! We could do corny puns all day but , shucks , we 're out of time .	Find out how the U.N. General Assembly can impact international issues Consider what some Cubans can expect as they move to the private sector Witness a day in the life of Chilean miners as they wait to be rescued Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  Attacks on press freedom traditionally provoke a strong response from newspaper editors around the world , and Wednesday 's horrific attack on the offices of Charlie Hebdo was no exception . As French police hunted for two suspects still on the run , headlines in Thursday 's printed press reported the shooting with a potent mix of defiance and grief . French daily Libération ran a black front page with the words in bold white : "  Nous Sommes Tous Charlie " -- "  We are all Charlie , " echoing the crowds that took to the streets of Paris and other major cities to denounce the attack . L'Equipe , a French daily covering sports , ran a full-page cartoon showing stunned and teary sports fans with the headline "  Liberté 0 - Barbarie 12 , " alluding to the 12 people -- 10 journalists and two police officers -- who were killed in the assault . Le Figaro was one of a number of newspapers that printed an image showing the gunmen at the scene . Its headline declared "  La liberté assassinée , " or "  freedom assassinated . " In a strongly worded column , the paper 's editorial director , Alexis Brézet , called for a vigorous defense to the threats to press freedom , accusing the gunmen of striking at the heart of free expression . Le Télégramme 's front page branded the word "  assassinés " across the names of the magazine and the known victims , the magazine 's leading cartoonists and editors who were gunned down during a morning meeting . The front page of Germany 's Bild called it a "  cowardly murder . " In the United Kingdom , The Telegraph said the attack was a "  War on Freedom , " while The Guardian called it "  An assault on democracy . " An accompanying editorial in The Guardian said the events were "  beyond belief , indeed beyond words . " "  The hooded thugs trained their Kalashnikovs on free speech everywhere . If they are allowed to force a loss of nerve , conversation will become inhibited , and liberty of thought itself will falter too . " The Times of London ran a front-page image of the shocking moment that one gunman pointed his weapon at a wounded police officer lying on the ground , with the words , "  Do you want to kill me ? " The headline ran "  Attack on Freedom . " The choice of photo attracted fierce criticism on social media with users condemning it as "  way too graphic " and "  highly disrespectful . " One user tweeted , "  Why show the one image they want you to print , and not the cartoons ? " The Independent took a different tack , running a full-page image of a bloodied cover of Charlie Hebdo , with a hand emerging showing a raised middle finger . The yellow hand was holding a nib dripping with red ink . Fittingly , there were no words . In the United States , an editorial in The New York Times praised French President Francois Hollande for his appeal for national unity . This is "  no time for peddlers of xenophobia to try to smear all Muslims with a terrorist brush . " An opinion piece in The Washington Post draws a link to the recent cyberattack against Sony , saying "  Suddenly , satire is the great issue of our time . " Cartoonists , it says , "  take big risks , bigger than perhaps even they realize or anticipate , " and Western democracies must "  rally to their unequivocal defense . " Danish daily broadsheet Politiken also chose to lead with a drawing : a simple image of a pencil that appears to break while drawing a line , which paused ... then continued on . In Germany , national daily Das Bild ran a front-page image of one of the gunmen shooting a police officer on the ground . "  Cowardly murderer , " said the headline . The paper also has a piece quoting Danish cartoonist Kurt Westergaard , known for his controversial depictions of the Prophet Mohammed , in which he insists that despite the fear many journalists feel , himself included , they must continue to use satire . The front page of Belgium 's De Standaard reproduces a 2011 Charlie Hebdo cartoon of two men kissing deeply , one who appears to be Muslim and the other wearing a Charlie Hebdo T-shirt with a pencil behind his ear . "  Love is stronger than hate , " is written above it in French . Haaretz did n't share that sentiment . "  I 'm afraid the bad guys have already won . No cartoonist or publisher anywhere would dare start up with them now , " said a headline on the English edition of the Israeli newspaper . The Gulf News , published in the United Arab Emirates , ran the story on its front page with a picture of a survivor being carried away on a stretcher and a box titled "  UAE solidarity -- raid condemned . " An editorial says the attackers "  violated all human principles and ethical values and deserve to be caught and tried for their disgusting acts , " and their actions had "  nothing to do with Islam . " Charlie Hebdo had published cartoons of Mohammed "  that were certainly offensive to many Muslims , " it said . "  But that is no reason to kill anyone , nor to commit any such act of gross violence . " The English-language Kuwait Times also had a front-page picture of one of the injured being carried away on a stretcher . The Arab Times , also published in Kuwait , ran that image and two others showing the police response . A headline in red ink read : "  Worst terrorist attack on French soil condemned . " India 's Telegraph newspaper , published in Calcutta , ran the headline "  Bullet through a tradition " next to an image of a bullet hole in a window near the attack scene . The story also made the front page of the New Indian Express and Pakistan 's Dawn newspaper .	Thursday 's newspapers around the world led with the Paris shooting Many reported the assault as an attack on freedom and free speech Many papers ran front-page cartoons as a tribute to the artists killed in the attack
Washington  CNN  -- The White House released copies of President Barack Obama 's original long-form birth certificate Wednesday , seeking to put an end to persistent rumors that he was not born in the United States . The certificate states , as Obama 's advisers have repeatedly said , that the president was born at Honolulu 's Kapiolani Hospital on August 4 , 1961 . Doubters insist Obama was born overseas -- possibly in his father 's home country of Kenya -- and may be constitutionally ineligible to serve as president . "  We do not have time for this kind of silliness , " Obama told reporters at the White House . "  I 've been puzzled at the degree to which this  story  just kept on going . " "  Normally I would not comment on something like this , " the president said . But the country has "  some enormous challenges out there " that it will not be able to effectively meet "  if we 're distracted . " PDF : See a copy of the certificate "  We 're not going to be able to  meet those challenges  if we spend time vilifying each other , " he stressed . "  We 're not going to be able to do it if we just make stuff up and pretend that facts are not facts . We 're not going to be able to solve our problems if we get distracted by sideshows and carnival barkers . " Obama released a shorter , legally binding "  certification of live birth " in 2008 , but failed to persuade members of the "  birther " movement . The administration had to make a special request from the state of Hawaii to get the long-form certificate released , White House legal counsel Bob Bauer said . Typically , the state only releases the shorter , computer-generated live birth certification when people request such documentation . CNN investigation : Obama born in U.S. Obama 's personal attorney , Judith Corley , picked up certified copies of the long-form document in Hawaii and brought them back to the White House Tuesday evening , Bauer noted . While the president has tried to make light of the controversy , the question has remained political red meat for some of his critics . A recent CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll showed that nearly 75 % of Americans believe Obama was definitely or probably born in the United States . More than four in 10 Republicans , however , believe he probably or definitely was not born in America . The U.S. Constitution says only "  natural born " citizens can become president -- a vague clause that followers of the birther movement contend disqualifies Obama from the presidency , since they believe he was born overseas . "  The president believed the distraction over his birth certificate was n't good for the country , " White House Communications Director Dan Pfeiffer said . "  It may have been good politics and good  television  , but it was bad for the American people and distracting from the many challenges we face as a country . "  At a time of great consequence for this country -- when we should be debating how we win the future , reduce our deficit , deal with high gas prices , and bring stability to the Middle East , Washington , D.C. , was once again distracted by a fake issue , " Pfeiffer said . "  The president 's hope is that with this step , we can move on to debating the bigger issues that matter to the American people and the future of the country . " Pfeiffer told reporters that the birther debate has been politically damaging to the Republican Party . Regardless , the issue remains potent in GOP circles . Potential Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump recently seized on the issue , saying he had doubts about the president 's background . Following the White House 's release of the long-form certificate , Trump told reporters in New Hampshire that he is "  very proud " of himself for helping to bring about the release of the document . Trump stands by "  birther " claims "  I 've accomplished something nobody else was able to accomplish , " Trump said . "  I 'd want to look at  the birth certificate  , but I hope it 's true so that we can get on to much more important matters . " Obama "  should have  released the certificate  a long , long time ago , " he said . Trump , a billionaire business tycoon and reality television star , blamed the media for repeatedly bringing up the issue . Trump , however , has frequently raised questions about Obama 's birthplace during his climb in recent GOP primary polls . What 's your take on the birth certificate release ? Allegations that Obama was not born in the United States have been repeatedly discredited . A recent CNN investigation turned up no evidence to support the birther claims . "  This has long been a settled issue , " said Michael Steel , a spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio . The president acknowledged Wednesday that the release of the long-form certificate wo n't satisfy a "  segment of people for which , no matter what we put out , this issue will not be put to rest . " "  But I 'm speaking to the vast majority of the American people , as well as to the press , " he said . "  We 've got better stuff to do . " Later Wednesday , Obama told a New York fundraising event that "  part of what happened this morning was me trying to remind the press and trying to remind both parties that what we do in politics is not a reality show . ... It 's serious . "	NEW : Obama says "  what we do in politics is not a reality show " Donald Trump claims credit for forcing the release of the certificate The White House releases President Obama 's long-form birth certificate The White House says the issue is bad politics for the GOP , but is a distraction
CNN  With the passing of Leonard Nimoy , fans worldwide mourned the loss of the legendary performer who gave life to the Vulcan first officer on Star Trek . As Spock , Nimoy touched audiences with his commitment to the principles of science and logic , and his embrace of "  infinite diversity in infinite combinations . " Nimoy 's portrayal has inspired generations to pursue careers in space , science and technology , to embrace the uniqueness of others , and to appreciate the same in themselves . It is difficult to measure the impact of Nimoy 's iconic role , particularly on the science and technology communities . For decades , many of the best and brightest inventors , explorers and engineers have credited Star Trek with sparking their imaginations . For many , Spock holds a sacred spot as not only one of the most beloved characters in all of science fiction , but the earliest example of Star Trek 's enduring legacy of inspiring innovation in the real world . Spock first appeared on our television screens in 1966 with the premiere of the original Star Trek series . Since then , the show has earned a reputation for predicting future technologies with remarkable accuracy . At a time when the computer age was only just beginning and the idea of handheld communication devices or tablet computers were fantasies of a far-off future , Spock could be seen working with many of these technologies aboard the U.S.S. Enterprise . As we soon discovered , his incredible tools and gadgets were n't so distant after all . Soon , we moved closer to realizing these devices in our own world with the development of the integrated circuit . Portable and handheld computers were suddenly possible , and some scientists turned to Star Trek for inspiration as they sought to design the next wave of modern marvels . One such scientist was Martin Cooper , inventor of the first mobile phone , who has credited the handheld communicators used by Captain Kirk and Spock as the source of his inspiration . Even though Cooper 's original cellular telephone was n't as compact as Spock 's , and most consumers could n't afford one for some time , it was n't long before they would become ubiquitous in our world . The same is true for the handheld computers Spock used to record scientific data . About the size of a notepad , and sometimes equipped with a stylus , these handy gadgets would go on to appear in every incarnation of the Star Trek franchise . They are known as PADDs -- Personal Access Display Devices -- and it 's hard to ignore their influence on the the real thing . From their design and function to the name of today 's most popular tablet computer , Spock may well have been the first iPad user . Another technological wonder that first appeared in Spock 's hands was known as the tricorder . This mobile scanning device could be used to take readings while on an away mission to an alien planet . This data might include atmospheric conditions , radiation levels , or even the chemical composition of an object . The version Nimoy used on set was bulky and had to be worn with a shoulder strap . However , tricorders would soon become one of the most versatile and sought-after pieces of Treknology . Today , our smartphones can deliver many features of the Tricorder , while more specialized scientific and medical instruments are able to duplicate some of the more advanced scanning capabilities . It was n't just computers and productivity gadgets that Spock brought to life on screen . He was often a proponent of passive resistance and non-violent solutions . Along with his fellow crew mates , he presented us with new ideas like weapons "  set to stun " that formed the core of the Star Trek ethos . As we still wrestle with violence in our world , today 's scientists and law enforcement are working toward breakthroughs in non-lethal weapons in an effort to prevent unnecessary loss of life . The original Star Trek series predicted or even inspired these and many other technologies in only three seasons on television . Of course , the franchise would continue this tradition with four more television series and twelve movies . Over the course of nearly 50 years , Star Trek has given us many more ideas that we 've realized , like touch-screen and voice-control computer interfaces , and others we have n't quite mastered yet . Tech concepts like the universal translator , the holodeck , the replicator and , of course , the transporter hold the potential to radically change our world -- and they might not be as far off as we think . Our iPhones and tablets have made touch screens commonplace , and we can communicate with Siri or Google through voice commands just like the computer on the Enterprise  though maybe not as effectively  . We can instantly connect with others across great distances and even across language barriers thanks to recent advancements like Microsoft 's Skype Translator technology . Meanwhile , 3D Printers allow for on-demand fabrication of many objects , and immersive virtual reality devices may soon make holographic adventures as common as video games . Scientists have even been able to transport particles of matter across distances , perhaps taking the first steps toward transporting people through space one day . As we say goodbye to Leonard Nimoy , let us remember him not only for his work as an actor on Star Trek , but for his remarkable role in the world of science and technology . Through Spock , Nimoy challenged us to understand our human nature , including our scientific curiosity , and in the process helped inspire countless men and women to reach for the stars . This is one more way that Nimoy will be remembered , in the hearts and minds of so many scientists , helping us all to "  live long and prosper . "	Star Trek actor Leonard Nimoy died Friday , age 83 Anthony Rotolo : It 's difficult to measure the impact of Nimoy 's role
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- CIA Director Leon Panetta recently testified to Congress that the agency concealed information and misled lawmakers repeatedly since 2001 , according to a letter from seven House Democrats to Panetta made public Wednesday . Seven House Democrats say CIA Director Leon Panetta recently testified that the CIA has misled Congress . The letter to Panetta , dated June 26 , was published on the Web site of Rep. Anna Eshoo , D-California . "  Recently you testified that you have determined that top CIA officials have concealed significant actions from all members of Congress , and misled members for a number of years from 2001 to this week , " said the letter , signed by Eshoo and six other House Democrats -- Reps. John Tierney of Massachusetts , Mike Thompson of California , Rush Holt of New Jersey , Alcee Hastings of Florida , Adam Smith of Washington and Janice Schakowsky of Illinois . Read the signed letter on Rep. Eshoo 's Web site The letter contained no details about what information the CIA officials allegedly concealed or how they purportedly misled members of Congress . On February 11 , 2003 , CIA Director George Tenet told a Senate committee that U.S. intelligence indicated al Qaeda planned to attack targets in the United States and in the Middle East , perhaps with chemical weapons or radioactive materials . On May 15 of this year , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi accused the CIA of misleading Congress in a secret briefing she received in 2002 . Pelosi said the CIA failed to inform her and others at the briefing about harsh interrogation techniques being used on terrorism suspects . The CIA responded that Pelosi was told about the harsh techniques , including waterboarding , at the classified 2002 briefing . However , the June 26 letter from the seven House Democrats noted that Panetta told CIA employees in a letter dated May 15 -- in response to the Pelosi allegation -- that it was not CIA policy to mislead Congress . "  Let me be clear : It is not our policy or practice to mislead Congress . That is against our laws and values , " the House Democrats quoted Panetta 's letter as saying . The letter from the House Democrats asked Panetta to correct his May 15 statement "  in light of your testimony . " Asked about the Democrats ' letter , CIA spokesman George Little said Panetta "  stands by his May 15 statement . " "  This agency and this director believe it is vital to keep the Congress fully and currently informed . Director Panetta 's actions back that up , " Little said in a statement . "  As the letter from these ... representatives notes , it was the CIA itself that took the initiative to notify the oversight committees . " The Democrats ' letter became public the night before the House is scheduled to vote on an intelligence spending measure that includes a provision to expand the number of House and Senate members privy to the kind of secret briefing that Pelosi received . The White House opposes the provision to expand the number of briefing participants from the current eight to 40 members of Congress . A White House memo warned President Obama 's senior advisers would recommend a veto of the bill if it contained the expanded briefing provision . CNN 's Deirdre Walsh , Bob Kovach and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	Letter from 7 House Democrats to CIA Director Leon Panetta posted on Web site In letter , they say Panetta testified CIA repeatedly misled Congress since 2001 Earlier , Rep. Nancy Pelosi had said CIA misled her ; Panetta rebutted statement CIA spokesman : Panetta stands by rebuttal statement involving Pelosi
CNN  -- While the horrors inflicted by the Nazis during World War II are well documented , "  Defiance " director Edward Zwick wanted to make sure the stories of those who fought back are n't overlooked . Liev Schreiber , left , and Daniel Craig play freedom fighters in "  Defiance . " "  There is this misperception that the Jews only went willingly to the slaughter , " Zwick said . "  And in fact , the new history and scholarship tells us that there was so much resistance . This is just one instance . " His new film , which goes into wide release Friday , tells the tale of the three Bielski brothers , who led a Jewish resistance group after escaping into the woods of Belarus in Eastern Europe . The movie stars Daniel Craig -- best known for his work as the latest James Bond -- Liev Schreiber and Jamie Bell as the trio who took up arms against the Nazis and helped save the lives of more than 1,000 Jewish refugees fleeing occupied Poland . Portraying a slice of Jewish history was somewhat familiar territory for Craig , who plays brother Tuvia Bielski in the movie . He also co-starred as an Israeli agent in Steven Spielberg 's "  Munich , " the dramatization of the murder of 11 athletes during the 1972 Munich Olympics . Craig said the characters ' religion had nothing to do with his interest ; both roles were just fascinating parts that attracted him . "  I think someone said , ` You did something similar to that in ` Munich , ' " he recalled . "  I said , well it 's kind of not . It 's a different period in history and I do n't think religion is something that should hold me back . " Watch Craig talk about the movie 's power " Schreiber , who is Jewish , said bringing the story of the heroic yet complex brothers to the big screen gave him "  a sense of pride " and he found inspiration in their bravery . "  It was in these guys ' DNA , " said Schreiber , who plays Zus Bielski . "  But I also think that it is in our DNA as human beings ... that courage exists , that passion exists , that tenacity to love exists . It 's just that we do n't experience the kinds of tests nowadays that they did in the 1930s in Eastern Europe -- particularly if you were Jewish . " Filming in Lithuania just across the border from Belarus added an element of realism to the role , Schreiber said . "  We shot in the woods in the middle of winter , but I think as an actor you 're always grateful of these little reminders of where you are and what you 're doing , especially when you 're doing something on film when it 's so naturalistic , " he said . "  When your hands are frozen and you can barely load a machine gun then you know you 're on to something with the character . " Jamie Bell , best known for playing the title role in "  Billy Elliot , " rounds out the cast as younger brother Asael Bielski . He said the bleak setting helped him understand "  the minutiae of what these people actually went through . " Bell had considered himself pretty knowledgeable about the Holocaust and World War II before learning about the project . "  But when I read the script I felt kind of embarrassed that I did n't know about the Bielski brothers and about the Jewish resistance across the board , " he said . Heralding the triumph of the Bielski brothers to those who are unaware is just what director Zwick had in mind . He also had a hand in writing the "  Defiance " screenplay and is no stranger to heroes in history , having directed the critically acclaimed "  Glory . " With this new film , Zwick said he found inspiration in the courage displayed by the Bielskis , who were fighting against incredible odds . "  You know , that 's what 's beautiful about their story , " he said . "  They were unprepared . They were unsophisticated ; nothing they had ever done would have led one to expect that they were capable of this . I think that speaks to all of us : what we are able to find within us that is fine , even magnificent within ourselves when called upon . " CNN 's Matt Carey contributed to this story .	"  Defiance " is about three brothers who helped rescue Jews during WWII Star Liev Schreiber : Courage "  was in these guys ' DNA " Movie has wide release Friday
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Hollywood star Will Smith led a crowd of 46,664 in a chorus of "  Happy Birthday " to Nelson Mandela on Friday at a party for the South African prisoner , president and Nobel Peace Prize winner . Nelson Mandela had a smile and a message . Smith introduced Mandela to the London crowd celebrating Mandela 's life with the words "  The one , the only , the birthday boy , Nelson Mandela , Nelson Mandelaaaaaaaaaa . " London was the scene of a concert 20 years ago to celebrate Mandela 's 70th and to raise awareness of his imprisonment . Mandela told cheering fans , "  Your voices carried across the water to inspire us in our prison cells far away . Tonight , we can stand before you free . "  We are honored to be back in London for this wonderful occasion . "  But even as we celebrate , let us remind ourselves that our work is far from complete . "  Where there is poverty and sickness , including AIDS , where human beings are being oppressed , there is more work to be done . Our work is for freedom for all . " Watch Mandela at the party " As Mandela walked on stage , Smith led the crowd in a chorus of "  Happy Birthday . " Proceeds from the concert in London 's Hyde Park will go toward the 46664 Campaign , which Mandela founded in 2003 to raise awareness about the impact of AIDS , especially in Africa , and to promote HIV-prevention measures around the world . The name of the charity represents Mandela 's prison number when he was incarcerated at Robben Island . Organizers put 46,664 tickets up for sale . The finale of the concert was scheduled as Queen , Amy Winehouse and Jerry Dammers performing "  Free Nelson Mandela , " a 1980s hit from the Specials that quickly became an anti-apartheid anthem , but pretty much every act joined them on stage . Dammers was also one of the driving forces behind the London concert in 1988 to awareness of Mandela 's long imprisonment by the South African authorities . The former South African president turns 90 on July 18 . Watch the crowd celebrate " Speculation surrounded whether Winehouse would perform after being hospitalized with lung problems last week . More than a dozen African artists , including Johnny Clegg and the Soweto Gospel Choir , performed . Smith , music legend Quincy Jones and Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton were among the stars introducing acts . Other guests at the concert included British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , former U.S. President Clinton , talk show host Oprah Winfrey and actor Robert De Niro . Mandela served as his country 's first democratically elected president from 1994 to 1999 . In recent years , he has campaigned on behalf of HIV and AIDS awareness and has long called the battle against AIDS a basic human right . In 1964 , a court sentenced Mandela to life in prison for plotting to overthrow the government by violence . He spent the first 18 years at Robben Island Prison , off Cape Town , South Africa , and later spent time at Pollsmoor prison and Victor Verster Prison , closer to the mainland . While in prison , Mandela became recognized as the most significant black leader in South Africa , and he became a potent symbol of resistance in the anti-apartheid movement . Mandela consistently refused to compromise his political position to obtain his freedom . South African President F.W. de Klerk released Mandela in February 1990 after 27 years in prison . Mandela was elected president of the African National Congress the following year , and in 1994 , he was elected president of his country .	Celebrities , statesmen gather in London to celebrate Mandela 's 90th birthday Mandela at outdoor concert in his honor in London 's Hyde Park Crowd of 46,664 sing "  Happy Birthday " led by Will Smith Performers include Amy Winehouse , Queen , Annie Lennox , Simple Minds
CNN  -- A Spanish court on Wednesday dismissed an allegation that one of the world 's richest men , Saudi Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal , raped a young woman on a yacht on the island of Ibiza in 2008 . In its ruling , the Spanish court in Palma de Mallorca found there was n't sufficient evidence to press charges . The prince has long maintained that he was innocent , that he has n't been in Ibiza in more than a decade and that others have tried to impersonate him . The prince 's legal team released a statement Wednesday saying the ruling vindicates the prince , but said the legal matter has nevertheless resulted in "  a grave injustice " to him . "  These reports confirm what we have said all along , which is that the allegations against HRH Prince Alwaleed were not only false and outrageous but also impossible as His Royal Highness was not in Spain at the time but was in France with his wife , children , grandchildren and in the presence of dozens of witnesses , as the documentation shows , " the legal team 's statement said . "  This has been a grave injustice to His Royal Highness . For this , he has asked our Firm to study how to proceed in order to protect other innocent people from facing similar attacks and to make sure that those who have deliberately lied about HRH are held responsible for their actions , " the statement said . In September , a Spanish court reopened the investigation into the rape allegation . The woman filed her complaint in Ibiza in August 2008 , but a local judge shelved it in 2010 , citing a lack of evidence that a crime had been committed , according to court documents . The woman appealed to the next highest court , the Balearic Island Provisional Court , which ruled the lower court in Ibiza should reopen the investigation . According to court documents obtained by CNN , the victim argued in her appeal that the real reason the lower court tossed out the case was that the alleged perpetrator was a powerful member of the Saudi royal family . In September , the Saudi prince , a billionaire and the biggest foreign investor in companies such a News Corp. , said in a statement that he was just learning of the accusation . "  These allegations are completely and utterly false , " said the statement from his investment firm , Kingdom Holding Company . "  The alleged encounter simply never happened . " According to September 's statement , the prince does n't vacation in Spanish waters . But Max Turiel , one of the lawyers for the alleged victim , said last year there was evidence his team had wanted the court to examine further . According to the court documents , the woman believed her drink had been drugged . She sent a text message to a friend stating as much . She awoke on a yacht to find she was being sexually assaulted by a man she identified as Alwaleed , according to court documents . Turiel said "  there were remains of semen " that should be examined against the prince 's DNA , as well as "  remains of a tranquilizer that produced the symptoms she had . " The evidence came from tests carried out 30 hours after the alleged rape , the attorney said , so the alcohol was gone from her body , but not the drug or the DNA . In September , Turiel said the alleged victim 's mother could answer questions from CNN , but only through e-mail . He provided responses to questions that he said were from the mother . CNN could not independently confirm the message was from the victim 's mother . "  She wanted to reopen the case due to the huge injustice and a feeling of a helplessness ; powerful people should not take undue advantage of it and have others subjected to them , " the message said . The message described the "  man or men " who allegedly abused the young woman as powerful individuals who threatened her onboard the yacht . Asked if her daughter was afraid to appeal the case , the mother said , "  Part of the fear has a lot of dignity and that ca n't be bought nor scared off with threats . " The young woman , a dual Spanish and German citizen , was 23 in September , the e-mail said . In December , a Spanish court heard new testimony from the woman . The prince and his lawyers were not present at the hearing . The woman , who has worked as a fashion model , entered the courthouse in Ibiza wearing a black hat and dark sunglasses to conceal her face from reporters outside , Turiel said . Her mother accompanied her . The two-hour , closed-door hearing included the woman , another one of her lawyers , the prosecutor and the magistrate in charge of the investigation . In a December statement , the prince 's lawyer in Madrid said the prince was with his family in France in August 2008 on a visit that was well-documented by his passport , cell phone records and hotel receipts , as well as photographs , video and eyewitness accounts . But in her testimony in December , the woman maintained her accusation against the prince , said Turiel , despite what he termed tough questioning by the prosecutor seeking details of the alleged rape .	A woman of dual Spanish-German citizenship accuses Saudi Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal of rape After a lengthy process , a Spanish court dismisses the case for lack of evidence The ruling confirms the prince 's long-standing account of innocence , his legal team says But the prince endures "  a grave injustice " from the "  false and baseless " charge , the team says
CNN  For about an hour this morning , humans across the world were briefly forced to interact with each other in person . Shortly after 12:10 a.m. ET , Facebook and Instagram went down , leaving millions of users around the world briefly unable to post selfies or humblebrag . Visitors were greeted with a message that said , "  Sorry , something went wrong . " For others , the page would n't load . The outage affected a large portion of the United States , according to downdetector.com . Users across Asia , Australia and New Zealand also reported having trouble logging on . "  We 're aware that many people are currently having trouble accessing Facebook and Instagram , " Facebook spokeswoman Charlene Chian told CNN . "  We 're working to get things back to normal as quickly as possible . " But an hour is an eternity ! Without Facebook , how are you supposed to know which friends are having birthdays ? Without Instagram , are you supposed to just describe your dinner ? People quickly took to Twitter . And the outage quickly spawned a hashtag , #facebookdown . It ran the gamut of emotions . Some were funny : Some were serious : Some went old school : Some made the most of it : Some offered survival tips : Some were ready for come-what-may : And some got really creative , really fast : About 52 minutes later , both sites were up and running . Facebook said the outage was n't a third party attack but "  instead occurred after we introduced a change that affected our configuration systems . " And all was right with the world ! CNNMoney 's Charles Riley contributed to this report .	Shortly after 12:10 a.m. ET , Facebook and Instagram went quiet The outage affected users from around the world
During the world championships in Moscow last month , sprint king Usain Bolt was asked how long he intended to keep running . He kept reporters guessing and some thought he would n't last until the next Olympics . But on Wednesday Bolt said that he would call it quits after racing at the 2016 Summer Games in Brazil . "  So far it 's after the Olympics in Rio , " the 27-year-old told reporters in Brussels , where he is competing Friday . "  If I 'm in great shape and I go there and do what I have to do , I think it would be a good time to retire on top and having dominated for so long . " The Jamaican admitted he struggled with his motivation this year and it is little wonder given he has regularly coasted to 100 - and 200-meter victories at the Olympics and world championships . "  I could n't find that goal , that drive to get going again , " Bolt said . "  I sat down and thought to myself -- what do I really want ? And what can I do in this sport some more ? " Including relays , Bolt owns a combined 14 gold medals in the sport 's two biggest events and is the world record-holder in both the 100 and 200 meters . In order to ensure his place in the pantheon of sporting legends , Bolt said he needs to go out on a high in Rio -- and hopes his powerful body cooperates . "  I 've made up my mind that if I want to be among the greats of Ali , Pele and all these guys I have to continue dominating until I retire , " he added . "  I 'm really focusing on getting every season correct , trying not to get injured and just continue dominating so at the end of my career people will put me among the greats . " His accomplishments to date already make him one of the best athletes of all time . Not the shy type , Bolt called himself a "  legend " after achieving another individual sprint double at the 2012 London Olympics . No one came close to challenging him in Russia . His only misstep since rising to the top took place at the 2011 world championships in South Korea when he false started and was disqualified from the 100-meter final . And in a sport hit hard recently by positive drug tests to sprinters Tyson Gay , Asafa Powell and Veronica Campbell -- the latter two are fellow Jamaicans -- Bolt has never tested positive , always maintaining that he is clean . With a personality larger than his 6-foot-5-inch frame , Bolt is especially popular among fans and sponsors alike . Forbes this year named him the 40th highest-paid athlete in the world with earnings of $ 24.2 million . He features in commercials for Virgin and is also backed by Puma , Samsung and Nissan , among others .	Sprint king Usain Bolt says he will retire after the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro Bolt has won 14 gold medals combined at the Olympics and world championships The Jamaican owns the world record in both the 100 and 200 meters He achieved another individual sprint double in Moscow last month
London  CNN  -- Europe 's leaders are battling to keep the eurozone and the wider European Union together in the face of a financial crisis that threatens to split partnerships forged over more than half a century . So why are they putting so much effort into preserving unity ? And can they prevent today 's debts and differences from dividing the continent for decades to come ? Why is unity so important to Europe ? The answer lies in Europe 's history : The continent has historically been split by long-running conflicts that pitted neighboring countries against each other . But despite this , the nations of Europe also share much in common , as Professor John Loughlin , of the University of Cambridge 's department of politics and international studies explained . "  In the 19th century there was an idea that Europe had a natural unity , that its constituent parts shared an identity , a culture , a history , " he told CNN . "  People were keen to recover this ` lost unity ' which dated back to before the fragmented days of the individual nation states , to previous unions , and even to the Roman Empire . " Where did the idea of a European Union come from ? The idea of a united Europe goes back centuries , and has been proposed by everyone from William Penn -- the founder of the U.S. state of Pennsylvania -- to philosophers Immanuel Kant and Jeremy Bentham . French novelist and activist Victor Hugo backed the idea of a "  United States of Europe " in the 19th century , looking forward to the day when the U.S. of A. and the U.S. of E. would "  stretch out their hands across the sea ... and join together to reap the well-being of all . " Hugo , author of "  Les Miserables " and the "  Hunchback of Notre Dame , " predicted that : "  A day will come when there will be no battlefields but markets opening to commerce and minds opening to ideas . A day will come when the bullets and bombs are replaced by votes . " However , it was not until after World War II that a European union became a realistic prospect . Why then ? By 1945 , much of Europe had been devastated by two massive wars in quick succession . Amid the rubble and ruins , politicians and the public -- exhausted by years of violence -- shared the belief that such conflict should never be allowed to happen again . Rather than focus on trying to find a shared ideology -- the reason behind much of the earlier conflict -- politicians saw economic unity as a way of preventing future clashes . French politician Robert Schuman , regarded as one of the founding fathers of the EU , came up with the idea of pooling coal and steel production in the European Coal and Steel Community  ECSC  , so that the "  raw ingredients " for war -- munitions -- were placed out of reach . He hoped the ECSC , created in 1951 , would mean that , "  any war between France and Germany -LSB- became -RSB- not merely unthinkable , but materially impossible . " What is it ? The ECSC , which was made up of six nations  France , West Germany , Italy , Belgium , the Netherlands and Luxembourg  later evolved into the European Economic Community  EEC  -- under which the member states established a common market , and worked to harmonize their policies on everything from agriculture and fisheries to monetary policy . Over the following decades , the EEC became the European Union , and expanded from the original six nations to today 's 27 members , from Finland in the north to Malta in the south . That enlargement has also seen many members of the former Soviet Union join up -- highlighting another of the EU 's key roles . "  During the Cold War , Western Europe united to form a bloc against the Soviet Union , because there was a genuine fear that the Communists would sweep across Europe in their tanks , " Loughlin said . "  After the fall of the Berlin Wall , that part of the world was extremely unstable . It had had a kind of peace , but one built on oppression , and once that collapsed there were real fears of conflict . "  The EU was very important in ensuring peace and stability in the region -- it helped countries ' transition to democracy , and build economic prosperity . " Has it worked ? Loughlin says the union has succeeded in its most basic aim . "  It is still a very important aspect of European unity that there has been no major war since World War II . "  There have been smaller conflicts , in Northern Ireland and in the Basque country , and of course there was the situation in the Balkans , but in that case , the prospect of joining the EU has been a very powerful factor in preventing further wars . " It has n't all been plain sailing though -- national differences persist , and many issues have caused divisions and debates between the member states , from the introduction of a single currency to the war in Iraq . "  Not all the tensions have gone away , " said Loughlin . "  Not all the conflicts have been resolved . "  The old reflexes , the old fears persist . After the fall of the Berlin Wall , for example , -LSB- President Francois -RSB- Mitterand -LSB- of France -RSB- and -LSB- Prime Minister Margaret -RSB- Thatcher -LSB- of Britain -RSB- were very nervous about the prospect of a united Germany . " However , the euro crisis has provided the union with its biggest challenge yet -- and it is one that is playing on national prejudices and resentments . "  The Greeks are very upset that their whole character seems to be being called into question , that they are being portrayed as profligate , irresponsible . "  The old stereotypes are still there , and they tend to resurface at times of tension . The danger is that they can really affect the outcome of these situations , and there is just too much at stake here . " How determined are Europe 's current leaders to support unity at any cost ? In 2011 , France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy insisted that Europe would never give up on the euro . Speaking at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , he said : "  We will never abandon the euro . Never ! Euro spells Europe , the euro is Europe . Europe has meant 60 years of peace on our continent . We will never abandon that . "  To imagine that we might pull out of that is to ignore the fact that as people who have been at each others ' throats for centuries , we now have one wish , and that is lasting peace . " However , by the end of last year , both France and Germany -- the two driving forces behind the euro -- had admitted that in order to ensure the currency 's survival , Greece may have to withdraw . Can European unity survive the current crisis ? "  The EU was formed for three reasons : To prevent war , to bring political unity , and for economic integration . If the euro collapses -- and I suspect it wo n't -- all three of these dimensions would be at risk , " said Loughlin . "  At this stage I think the process is probably irreversible -- there is too much at stake to allow the whole thing to unravel -- if it did it would be worse than the U.S. subprime crisis . So many countries are locked in to the system ; even those who are n't EU members , like Norway , have so much bound up in it . "  I suspect the EU will muddle through in the end -- but then who knows ? There have been so many surprises recently , and you never really know what is around the corner . "	The European Union was designed to reduce risk of war in Europe Eurozone crisis is posing a serious threat to European unity There are concerns Greece 's financial crisis may force it to abandon euro
CNN  Could mobile technology turn the tide in the fight to eliminate racism from football ? Anti-racism organization Kick It Out  KIO  says there 's been a 35 % rise in fans reporting abusive behavior committed by other fans -- and that 's largely due to a new phone app . "  The app has had a massive impact , " KIO media and communications manager Richard Bates told CNN , noting that it accounted for 27 % of all complaints . "  Self-policing is so important when it comes to stamping out racism in football . People are confident that their complaints will be taken seriously . " The 184 reported incidents recorded during the last five months of 2014 covered racial and religious discrimination , as well as sexual orientation , gender and disability offenses . The increase was measured against the same period the year before . KIO 's mobile phone application , which was released in 2013 , encourages fans to report incidents anonymously by pressing a "  Report It ! " tab and entering the name of the football ground , positioning of the offender , and incident details . Although contact details of the person reporting the incident are requested , KIO emphasized that the anonymity of the tool is key . Every single objection logged by fans , either on the phone , via email , or on the app , triggers an investigation by the English Football Association  FA  . These include 73 incidents on social media  a 24 % increase  , which have so far led to 21 instances of the offender being identified , and at times having their accounts deleted . The FA , which released its own witness complaint guidelines in 2013 , encouraged fans to be proactive in flagging up incidents . "  Reporting abuse , whether witnessed or experienced , is an important part of the game 's overall anti-discrimination work , " said an FA spokesperson . "  There are clear ways for players and fans to do this , and these improved procedures should result in more reports in the future . " Bates admitted that it takes "  bravery and courage " for fans to record photographic evidence on their phones , but pointed to the effect British expatriate Paul Nolan has had after he filmed Chelsea fans physically stopping a black man from getting on the Paris metro last month . The amateur video obtained by The Guardian newspaper , and posted on its website , shows the man make multiple attempts to board a train at Richelieu-Drouot station , only to be pushed away each time by a group of passengers . The Chelsea fans can then be heard chanting : "  We 're racist , we 're racist and that 's the way we like it . " Chelsea were in France to play Paris Saint-Germain in a Champions League first-leg tie - Europe 's premier football tournament -- which finished 1-1 . Five people have been identified and suspended by Chelsea , who have launched an ongoing investigation . Later in February , KIO says it contacted the police over social media footage which showed men , thought to be West Ham fans , singing anti-Semitic songs on a train while traveling to Tottenham Hotspur 's White Hart Lane ground ahead of an English Premier League game . "  Would we know that these Paris and London incidents had happened if they were n't on video ? " Bates asks , adding that KIO is considering an option to upload video and still images of offenders directly to a complaint log on the app . "  If you have video footage and you can issue that retrospectively , it can make it easier to identify the perpetrators , " he says . In a report released in 2013 entitled "  English Football 's Inclusion and Anti-Discrimination Action Plan " , the FA explicitly talks about "  raising confidence in the reporting and disciplinary process at grassroots level . " KIO 's jurisdiction extends to all of English football , including the amateur ranks . It is one of the few independent bodies in world sports which solicits complaints from fans in order to weed out abusive behavior . It also polices the actions of players , which has embroiled the organization in controversy of its own in the past . In 2012 , Rio Ferdinand refused to wear a KIO T-shirt before a match while playing for Manchester United . He was protesting a perceived lack of response by the governing bodies against John Terry after the Chelsea defender was accused of racially abusing his brother , Anton Ferdinand of Queens Park Rangers . Terry was banned for four matches and fined # 220,000 by the FA for his actions .	Thirty-five percent increase in abuses reported All complaints lead to an inquiry by England 's Football Association Self-policing fans encouraged to be careful
CNN  -- Switzerland 's Lara Gut won the giant slalom as the World Cup season kicked off in Soelden , Austria on Saturday . The 22-year-old 's first-ever victory in the discipline was clinched in a combined time of two minutes 25.16 seconds from two runs . Austria 's Kathrin Zettel finished second , 0.84 seconds behind Gut with Germany 's Viktoria Rebensburg a further 0.44 seconds slower in third . Read more : Seven to watch in Sochi "  It 's the first race of the season and already a win , it 's amazing . I 'm happy to bring a giant slalom win to Switzerland again , " Gut said afterwards . "  In the first run I was trying to ski clean and push it to the limits although the snow was pretty aggressive . In the second run I just thought about skiing fast and did n't think about what could happen ... " she added . Read more : Latest skiing news/features Gut 's previous best finish in a giant slalom race had been third -- in Lenzerheide , Switzerland earlier this year and at Semmering in Austria back in 2008 . Zettel 's second place earned her a record fifth podium finish in Soelden and the 20th of her career in giant slalom . "  It 's a big podium here and quite a good beginning to the season . I felt confident before the race and I hoped to get a podium after a good summer of training in New Zealand , " Zettel said . Mikaela Shiffrin was the best-placed U.S. skier finishing sixth , but compatriot Julia Mancuso had a disappointing opening day finishing down in 27th . Last season 's overall World Cup champion Tina Maze was crowned "  Skier of the Year " earlier in the week but could only finish in 18th place in a race she won 12 months ago .	Swiss skier takes first giant slalom title of career in opening race of World Cup season Austria 's Kathrin Zettel finishes second ; Germany 's Viktoria Rebensburg is third Last year 's winner and overall World Cup champion finishes in 18th place
CNN  -- As a spending bill loaded with pork makes its way through Congress , President Obama is getting pushback from members of his own party who are questioning his vow to end wasteful spending . The Senate could vote on the spending bill as early as Thursday . The president on Wednesday pledged turn tide on an "  era of fiscal irresponsibility , " reiterating his campaign promise that the days of "  pork ... as a strategy " are over . And in a prime-time address before a joint session of Congress , Obama last week praised the $ 787 billion stimulus package signed into law , telling the nation , "  I 'm proud that we passed a recovery plan free of earmarks , and I want to pass a budget next year that ensures that each dollar we spend reflects only our most important national priorities . " But some in the audience found that hard to swallow . "  There was just a roar of laughter -- because there were earmarks , " said Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri . Earmarks , sometimes called "  pork , " are unrelated pet projects that members of Congress insert in spending bills . Watch more on the earmarks in the bill " The scoffing continues as the president hammers away at reducing wasteful spending and saving taxpayers money while lawmakers on Capitol Hill load up a spending bill with more than 8,000 earmarks totaling nearly $ 8 billion . The legislation in question is a $ 410 billion omnibus bill that would keep the federal government running through the rest of the fiscal year , which ends in September 2009 . According to Taxpayers for Common Sense , a group that monitors government spending , the bill includes : About 60 percent of the earmarks are from Democrats , and about 40 percent are from Republicans , according to Taxpayers for Common Sense . Ryan Alexander , the president of the Taxpayers for Common Sense , pointed out that not all earmarks are bad . "  They 're not always good or bad . What 's bad is the process . We do n't know why certain projects get earmark funds and why other projects do n't . Some of them may be good . But that could be just as well by accident as it is by design , because we have no idea why these projects are funded and why other projects are n't , " he said . Earlier this week , 14 Democratic senators met to talk about their concerns with the spending . On Wednesday , Democratic Sens. Evan Bayh and Russ Feingold called on Obama to veto the bill . Watch Feingold talk about a ` teary-eyed ' defense of earmarks " "  But the bloated omnibus requires sacrifice from no one , least of all the government . It only exacerbates the problem and hastens the day of reckoning , " Bayh wrote in a Wall Street Journal editorial published Wednesday . Democrats blocked amendments by Sens. John McCain , R-Arizona , and Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , that would have narrowed the spending on earmarks . "  So much for the promise of change . This may be -- in all the years I have been coming to this floor to complain about the earmark pork barrel corruption that this system has bred , this may be probably the worst , probably the worst , " McCain said Tuesday . The spending bill made it through the House last week . A vote in the Senate could come as early as Thursday , but it 's unclear if there are the 60 votes necessary to sent it to the floor since some Democrats are n't supporting it . Obama is expected to sign the bill when it reaches his desk . But Democrats speaking out against the pork could just be flexing their muscles , said CNN contributor Roland Martin . "  I would love to see these same Democrats have the courage to actually stand up , look their fellow senators in the eye , Democrats and Republicans , and say , OK , let 's get rid of your particular project , " he said . "  What often happens in Congress is , they complain in terms of the general ... What I am saying is , call them out . Put it on the table , " he said . Those defending the earmarks say they make up just a small portion -- less than 1 percent -- of the overall bill . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , on Thursday defended congressional earmarks , despite calls from the White House earlier this week to reform the process . "  The legislatively initiated proposals in the appropriations bill , I think , are an appropriate function of Congress of the United States , " Pelosi said . But Pelosi said she does believe Congress should cut back on the number of earmarks . Pelosi said after Congress finishes the $ 410 billion spending bill for this year , she planned to work with the Obama administration to find ways to reduce the number of earmarks in future spending bills . The White House says this bill is just last year 's unfinished business -- and next time , it will be different . "  We 'll change the rules going forward , " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Wednesday when asked about the legislation . Obama presented his budget summary to Congress last week , but the full details of his 2010 budget wo n't be available until April . CNN 's Jason Carroll , Joe Johns , Kristi Keck and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	$ 410 billion spending bill for FY 2009 includes 8,000 earmarks Democratic Sens. Evan Bayh and Russ Feingold want Obama to veto bill Senate could vote on bill as early as Thursday Defenders of bill say earmarks make up less than 1 percent of it
Centennial , Colorado  CNN  -- Colorado movie shooting suspect James Holmes was charged Monday with 24 counts of first-degree murder -- two counts for each of the 12 people killed in the shooting . Twelve of the murder counts cite "  deliberation , " and 12 cite "  extreme indifference " to the value of human life . The 24-year-old former doctoral student also was charged with 116 counts of attempted murder -- two for each of the 58 moviegoers wounded in the attack . Finally , he was charged with one count of felony possession of explosive devices and one count related to the use of an assault weapon , a shotgun and a handgun during the incident . The 142 counts are all in connection with the July 20 massacre in the Century Aurora 16 multiplex minutes into a midnight screening of "  The Dark Knight Rises . " Shackled around his wrists and ankles , Holmes was escorted into Arapahoe County Courthouse by two sheriffs deputies . Five other sheriffs deputies were standing in the courtroom . Court appearance fuels theories about Colorado shooting suspect In his first court appearance last week , Holmes appeared dazed and did not speak . During Monday 's hearing , meanwhile , he seemed calm and frail , sitting at the right edge of the defense table with his dyed-orange hair matted on top , its roots dark . For a while , he stared blankly at the judge 's bench but appeared to be aware of what was going on . When the judge asked him whether he understood why his attorneys were asking for more time before a hearing , he said softly , "  Yes . " About half of the approximately 120 seats in the courtroom were filled with victims or their family members ; more watched on video in an overflow room . One young man in the front row of the courtroom leaned forward and stared at Holmes without averting his gaze throughout the 45-minute proceeding . Read the charges  PDF Another observer , her left arm and leg in bandages , sat slumped in her seat . Around her wrist was a hospital wristband . "  It was very important to come today to see him as who he was , " MaryEllen Hansen told reporters outside the courthouse . "  I really wanted an opportunity to watch his gestures  and  study him as much as I could . " Her niece 's 6-year-old daughter , Veronica Moser-Sullivan , was the youngest person killed in the rampage . Hansen 's niece , Ashley Moser , faces a long recovery after being paralyzed in her lower half and miscarrying after the shooting . "  I got a sense that he was very aware of what was going on , " Hansen said of Holmes . "  He had an expression and kind of a persona of evilness to him . But he looked very sane to me , he really did . " Asked if she favors the death penalty , the retired school principal said , "  I 'm a Christian and I do believe that he should probably be locked away and live with what he did every day of his life . " Background of suspect full of contrasts Arapahoe County District Attorney Carol Chambers said last Monday that it will take time for prosecutors to decide whether or not they will pursue the death penalty , since they 'd first want to get input from victims and their relatives . Authorities have remained silent about a possible motive in the case . A court document filed Friday revealed that Holmes was a patient of a University of Colorado psychiatrist before the attack . The disclosure was made in a filing by Holmes ' public defenders requesting that authorities hand over a package he sent to Dr. Lynne Fenton at the university 's Anschutz Medical Campus , where he had been studying neuroscience before announcing earlier this month that he was withdrawing from the program . The package seized by authorities under a July 23 search warrant should remain confidential , protected by the doctor-patient relationship because "  Holmes was a psychiatric patient of Fenton , " the request said . In response , prosecutors asked Arapahoe County District Judge William Sylvester to deny Holmes ' request , saying it contained inaccuracies including claims of media leaks by government officials that in reality may have been fabricated by news organizations . The package is expected to be the focus of a status hearing set for August 9 . Prosecutors say they will begin turning over thousands of pages of discovery in the next couple of days . The defense says they need this information to prepare for the hearing . Warning signs of violence : What to do During the week of November 12 , attorneys expect a preliminary hearing and an evidence hearing that will include several days of testimony . As Monday 's hearing unfolded , 10 survivors remained hospitalized , three of them in critical condition . But there was some progress : The day began at the University of Colorado Hospital at Aurora , for instance , with three in critical , one in serious and one in fair condition and ended with two in critical and three in fair condition . Meanwhile , those affected continued to come to grips with the horror . On Saturday alone , memorial services were held for four people killed in the massacre including two men -- Matt McQuinn from Ohio and Alex Teves from Arizona -- who died shielding their girlfriends from gunfire . Closer to Aurora , which is just east of Denver , people worked to make sense of what happened and support one another . For some , that includes making sure the shooting suspect knows that they are stronger , better and united . "  The man was a coward . We 're here to show that we have strength and that we 're willing to fight back , " said Don Lader , after attending Monday 's court hearing . "  He looked defeated , " Lader added about Holmes , "  and he knows that he 's not the one with power anymore -- that 's us . " Remembering the victims through stories , photos CNN 's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report	NEW : "  We 're here to show ... strength and that we 're willing to fight back , " a man says James Holmes faces 24 counts of first-degree murder and116 counts of attempted murder He is accused of killing 12 people and wounding 58 Prosecutors have not said whether they will pursue the death penalty
CNN  -- The mountain gorillas in a national park in Congo appear to be hanging on well despite such dangers as civil warfare and poaching , according to an ongoing census . Park rangers conducting the census in November . Workers have identified 75 "  habituated " gorillas in Virunga National Park , three more than there were in the last census nearly a year and a half ago , said Samantha Newport , the park communications director . Habituated gorillas are those who are accustomed to contact with humans . They are easier to spot than non-habituated gorillas , thought to number around 120 . Newport said the census should be completed by around January 20 and officials hope that more habituated gorillas will be identified . She said the fact that gorillas have survived amid civil war in the region is "  nothing short of a miracle . " Laurent Nkunda 's Tutsi armed force that had been fighting Congolese soldiers and their militia allies has had control of large swaths of the 8,000 square-kilometer park . The gorilla section is in a strategically important area near the borders of Rwanda and Uganda . Officials have long said that the 250-square kilometer gorilla reserve in the southern part of Virunga National Park is where around 200 of the world 's 700 mountain gorillas live .	Census of mountain gorillas in DR Congo doing well despite war , poaching So far , 75 gorillas found which are accustomed to human contact That 's three more than last census and conservationists hope to identify more
Fall River , Massachusetts  CNN  Shayanna Jenkins , the fiancee of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez , revealed for the first time Monday she suspects marijuana was in a box she was instructed to remove from the couple 's home the day after the slaying of Odin Lloyd in 2013 . Hernandez has been charged with murder and has pleaded not guilty to orchestrating the death of Lloyd , the boyfriend of Shayanna Jenkins ' sister and semipro football player who was found dead June 17 , 2013 . Hernandez has also pleaded not guilty to a gun and ammunition charge . His co-defendants , Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz , have also pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . For the first time , Shayanna Jenkins told jurors on Monday the box smelled "  skunky , " making her think it was marijuana . Her new description came during cross-examination . Earlier , she told prosecutors during direct examination that she did n't know what was in the box , said Hernandez never told her , nor did she look . Jenkins testified Friday that on the day after Lloyd 's slaying , her fiance called her with instructions that it was important to discard the box . On Monday , she described his tone as "  normal " when he made the request and said she had never been asked by prosecutors what she thought the box smelled like . "  Were you ever asked what you thought was in the box ? " asked Hernandez lawyer Charles Rankin about her previous testimony to the grand jury . "  Never , " said Jenkins . "  Were you ever asked if it had any smell to it ? " he asked . "  Never , " she replied . Jenkins ' revelation contradicts the prosecution 's previous suspicion that the weapon used in the slaying was in the box . No weapon in the case has been recovered . Home surveillance video played inside the courtroom Monday showed Shayanna Jenkins hoisting a black garbage bag from her home and putting it in a trunk of her sister 's car . At the time , Shaneah Jenkins had been at her home grieving over the death of her boyfriend . Shaneah Jenkins was present in court on Monday and cried while listening to the testimony and watching the video of her sister Shayanna carrying the trash bag . The two sisters now barely speak to each other . Shaneah Jenkins sits next to Lloyd 's mother in the courtroom on the opposite side of Hernandez 's defense team . After concealing the box with her daughter 's clothing , Shayanna Jenkins said she disposed of it at a location she can not remember . "  I found a random dumpster , and put it in there , " she told Bristol County District Attorney William McCauley . When questioned about her inability to remember the dumpster 's location and other details , Shayanna Jenkins said she had been unsettled at the time . "  I was nervous . I had to comfort my sister . Everyone 's emotions were on me , and it was a form of breaking down at that point , " she said . On Monday , Shayanna Jenkins was asked about what she called an "  on-again , off-again " relationship with Hernandez , her high school sweetheart . She recalled spending time apart from Hernandez after discovering evidence of infidelity on Hernandez 's phone . She told the court that before getting back together with him , she had to make a difficult choice about her future with the football star . "  I made a decision that if I was going to move back in with Aaron , I would need to compromise with his behavior , including his infidelity , " she told the courtroom and then started to cry . After Hernandez proposed in October 2012 , Jenkins said she continued to tolerate his infidelity . Jenkins admitted giving some different answers during her grand jury testimony , in part , she said because of confusing questions by prosecutors . She faces possible jail time if found guilty of perjury charges . Jenkins has pleaded not guilty . This week , the jury is expected to hear from Alexander Bradley , Hernandez 's former right hand man , who has accused Hernandez of shooting him in the face in February of 2013 . However , a judge has barred him from discussing that . Bradley is jailed in an unrelated shooting . The trial is scheduled to resume at 9 a.m. Tuesday . Susan Candiotti and Lawrence Crook reported from Fall River , Massachusetts . CNN 's Karen Smith wrote from Atlanta .	Aaron Hernandez is charged with first-degree murder in the slaying of Odin Lloyd Hernandez 's fiancee testifies that he asked her to discard a box after she had learned Lloyd was killed No weapon has been found in Lloyd 's slaying
Berlin , Germany  CNN  -- German President Horst Koehler resigned suddenly Monday over what he said was heavy criticism about comments he made on Germany 's military role in the world , which he said had been misinterpreted . It was the first time in German history that a president has resigned , the government-funded Deutsche Welle news agency reported . Koehler said May 22 upon his return from a trip to Afghanistan that "  in emergencies , military intervention is necessary to uphold our interests , like for example free trade routes , for example to prevent regional instabilities which could have a negative impact on our chances in terms of trade , jobs and income . " He later said he meant the protection of shipping routes along the Gulf of Aden against piracy , for example , and not any reference to Germany 's role in Afghanistan . But his comments came in for widespread criticism . Crticis said he was framing Germany 's involvement in the Afghan war in economic terms having to do with self-interest , rather than as a duty in fulfilling a NATO mission in the fight against terrorism . Others said his comments indicated he would use the military unconstitutionally and for economic reasons . Germany has 4,500 troops in a NATO-led force fighting a Taliban-led insurgency in Afghanistan . Polls show that most Germans oppose the war in Afghanistan , but the government has not set a date for the withdrawal of troops . Koehler , 67 , made the surprise resignation announcement at a televised news conference with his wife standing next to him . He appeared visibly emotional , the Deutsche Welle news outlet reported . "  I am resigning my post as federal president with immediate effect , " Koehler said . "  It was an honor for me to serve Germany as president , " he said . "  I thank the many people in Germany who have put their trust in me and supported my work . I ask for you to understand my decision . " The president 's office is largely ceremonial . Chancellor Angela Merkel heads the government and holds the real power . Merkel found out about the resignation a short while before Koehler 's announcement , Deutsche Welle said . She canceled a trip to northern Italy to visit the training camp of the German national soccer team as the squad prepares for next month 's World Cup , the government news agency said . Speaking at a news conference in Berlin , Merkel said she was stunned by Koehler 's decision . ' I deeply regret this resignation , " Merkel said . "  I must add that I of course told him also I respect his decision to resign . " Merkel also said she had "  unsuccessfully tried to get him to change his mind , " Deutsche Welle said . The resignation comes at an inopportune time for Merkel , whose center-right coalition recently lost an important state election and suffered another resignation of a key ally last week , Deutsche Welle said . The German constitution mandates that the head of the Bundesrat , the upper house of parliament that represents Germany 's federal states , will temporarily take over the president 's duties . Jens Boehrnsen , the Social Democratic mayor of Bremen , holds the rotating position of Bundesrat leader this year and will assume the president 's duties . Boehrnsen will fill in for Koehler until an electoral college , the Federal Convention , elects a successor . The convention must convene within 30 days -- by June 30 in this case . The president in Germany is not elected by the people , but by the Federal Convention . The secret ballot vote is held without prior debate and requires an absolute majority to elect a president . If none of the candidates wins an absolute majority after two rounds of voting , the person with a simple majority in the third round is selected president . The Federal Convention is Germany 's largest parliamentary body . All of the members of the lower house of parliament , the Bundestag , can vote . A corresponding number of representatives from the federal states also are entitled to vote . The convention , which had 1,224 members at the time , last met in May 2009 to re-elect Koehler . Koehler , a former managing director of the International Monetary Fund , was first elected president in 2004 .	NEW : President 's resignation is first in country 's history NEW : Koehler had been criticized for comments on military 's role He said comments were misinterpreted Resignation was sudden and unexpected
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps has acknowledged he engaged in "  regrettable " behavior and "  demonstrated bad judgment , " after a British newspaper published a photograph of the swimmer smoking from a bong . Sports attorney Ryan Smith thinks Michael Phelps should speak to public about his opposition to drug use . Ryan Smith , a sports attorney and BET talk show host , on Monday spoke to John Roberts on CNN 's "  American Morning " about how the incident could affect Phelps ' career . John Roberts : What was your reaction to news of this picture of Michael Phelps surfacing ? Ryan Smith : The thing with Michael Phelps is , he 's not only been an outspoken athlete against drugs so he 's done a lot of testing , he 's been supportive of WADA , which is the World Anti-Doping Agency . But he 's really a guy of high character . So you look at this , and my first thought was , "  What about his endorsement deals ? What 's going to happen in those ? " A lot of endorsement deals have clauses that say that you ca n't do bad actions like this , not only crimes , but just things that you do bad in public could result in the termination of your contract . So he could lose a lot of money on this . Roberts : Now he never really admitted to smoking marijuana . ... The United States Olympic Committee is n't going to sanction him , it looks like , but did call his actions disappointing . But to the greater issue that you were talking about , in terms of his endorsement deals , do you think anybody is going to say , well , this is the straw that broke the camel 's back with this guy ? He had one incident back in 2004 . But are you going to dump Michael Phelps because of this picture ? Smith : It could happen , and the reason why is because a lot of these companies that are sponsoring him really are focused on kids and how actions of their athletes affect children . So that can be a big problem . The other thing is , unlike an athlete that plays sports every year in the public spotlight , the Olympics for swimmers comes only every four years . So he does n't have that chance to rehabilitate his image immediately like a lot of other athletes , a basketball player or a football player would . So companies might say , you know what , let 's not work with Michael Phelps right now , because he does n't really have a chance to redeem himself . A picture says a thousand words , and how can he fight that ? Roberts : How could you turn this around ? If you were his attorney , if you were advising him what would you do ? Smith : The first thing I would suggest is a drug test . And I know that that 's not required . And I also know that he 's not really going to have a problem with swimming in 2012 . But I would just show that hey , I 'm clean , I 'm doing great . The next thing I would do is go out there in the public and talk about the troubles with working with drugs and really show the public that you are not about drug use , you are not about doing bad things in public . You are only about supporting the rules of WADA , the World Anti-Doping Agency , and supporting their drug testing program . So you can show that , hey , this is a minor incident , not a big deal . And really what it 's all about is remaining clean . Roberts : If you were to lay a bet , would you say anybody drops him ? Smith : I would say he 'll have some problems . I do n't know if I would say that a big sponsor would drop him , but I would say that a more wholesome-oriented sponsor might .	Michael Phelps could lose a lot of sponsor money , attorney says Newspaper has published photo of Olympic swimmer using a bong Attorney Ryan Smith would advise Phelps to get drug test
CNN  -- We do n't agree often . In fact , for most of our adult lives , we have worked on opposite ends of the political spectrum . One of us headed the fastest-growing union in North America , the other served as budget director for arguably the most important Republican president in the modern era , Ronald Reagan . But national crises make for strange bedfellows . That 's why we are asking Democrats and Republicans to put aside their partisan interests to secure America 's future by passing a deficit reduction plan of at least $ 4 trillion that includes both spending cuts and new revenues . Our debt crisis is so severe , so obvious , and the middle ground seemingly so apparent , even Odd Couple characters Oscar Madison and Felix Unger could agree on a solution . So why ca n't Congress and the president ? If we can do it , so can they . We agree with Republicans who note that we have a serious spending problem . Health care costs are growing out of control and government wastes money on programs that duplicate other programs or are just unnecessary . In 2010 , federal spending was nearly 24 % of gross domestic product , the value of all goods and services produced in the economy . Only during World War II was federal spending a larger part of the economy . And we also agree with Democrats that taxes must be part of the plan . Tax revenues stood at 15 % of GDP last year , the lowest level since 1950 . And even when the economy finally turns around , by 2025 the federal government will have only enough revenue to finance interest payments , Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security . Our tax system is broken . We simply do n't raise enough revenue to pay the bills for the level of government that an overwhelming bipartisan majority has consistently supported . This country needs a deal . We need to fix our busted budget system , revamp our broken tax code and reform our Social Security and health care programs so that citizens who depend on them can count on them . We also need to ensure our country is safe and secure , but at a significantly lower cost than today 's bloated defense budget . We can only do that by passing a comprehensive fiscal plan , like those put forward by the Fiscal Commission and the Gang of Six , which phases in the changes , contains real cuts that fix our mounting national debt problem and erases the uncertainty that afflicts businesses and other governments who hold our debt . This last point can not be emphasized enough . Businesses know that spending cuts and tax increases are coming , but they do not know how , when or even why . Without a concrete fiscal game plan that provides some measure of certainty , confidence will remain weak and economic recovery tepid . Worse still , if we simply continue to kick the can down the road , we are running the risk of a jarring financial market crisis that will make it even harder to reach consensus and the ultimate tax and spending changes even more draconian . A deal can happen only if both sides put everything on the table . That means Democrats have to agree to entitlement reform and cuts to domestic programs , and Republicans have to accept more revenue and defense cuts . Odd couples , strange bedfellows , whatever the terminology , agreeing on budget issues should not be this difficult . The two of us have come together despite our wide philosophical differences because we agree on one fundamental point : The fiscal crisis is so urgent that everything must be on the table . We need to act now . If the president and Congress embrace that principle , we can finally make some progress in getting our fiscal house in order and our national economy back on track . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Writers differ widely in politics ; one headed a union , the other was Reagan 's budget director But they agree Congress must put aside differences , pass deficit reduction plan of $ 4 trillion They say budget must contain domestic program and defense cuts , new revenue Writers : Businesses , other governments who hold our debt need confidence in the U.S.
CNN  -- Spurred by the continuing political unrest in Iran , more than two dozen Iranian expatriate superstars are uniting to spread a musical message of non-violent resistance . Neda Agha-Soltan was gunned down on a Tehran street on June 20 . The entertainers , poets , thinkers and actors are harmonizing on the song "  United for Neda , " a call to action against human rights violations by the Iranian government against Iranians protesting the disputed outcome of recent presidential elections . The song was inspired by the plight of Neda Agha-Soltan , the 26-year old Iranian woman who was fatally shot on the streets of Tehran on June 20 . The ordeal was recorded on cell phone video and received international attention when it hit the Internet . "  When I saw links to Neda being shot , it was so disturbing to me , " said Iranian-British recording artist Mams Taylor , who wrote and produced the song . "  It hurt me , angered me and touched me at the same time , to think that these people are so courageous to go and seek their freedom , " said Taylor . While her death became a rallying point for justice , her name , "  Neda , " in Farsi means "  the call/calling " or "  voice " -- a voice many people say can not be muted . "  The saga is still going on in Iran , and all we can do is carry on and echo their voice , " said Shoreh Aghdashloo , the Oscar-nominated actress from "  House of Sand and Fog " who sang in the production . The video , much like the post-election protests , was a spontaneous response . From the studio to the street rallies in Los Angeles , California , the entire music video was filmed using a cell phone . "  With the big media ban and restrictions over there , we thought to commemorate and pay homage to what the protesters are doing over there , " said Taylor . "  So we thought it would be appropriate to develop the video in the same kind of light . " Watch the video and hear the song " The song was recorded in both English and Farsi to reach Western and Iranian audiences . The English version of the video has drawn thousands of viewers since its YouTube release last week . The Farsi version of the song will be released Thursday . Iranian actress Shila Vosough played a key role in bringing the artists together . "  These artists all came together despite their varying political views , " she said . "  They united , hand-in-hand , to send the kids in Iran a message of their love and support . " The political upheaval of the late 1970s forced many Iranian musicians , artists , actors and entertainers like Vosough into exile . Many of them left unwillingly , not knowing when or if they would ever return to Iran . "  I came to New York for a performance 32 years ago and have never been back to Iran since , " said Iranian vocalist Sattar , who also sang in the video . Sattar , who has millions of fans around the world , wants the Iranian people to know their voices are being heard . "  As an artist , I see this as my responsibility -- to support Iranians with my songs and music , " said Sattar , a one-time favorite of the Pahlavi royal family in Iran . In 1979 , at the dawn of the Islamic Republic under much popular Western music was outlawed as "  un-Islamic . " For years , Iranians have been forced to make music underground , buying or swapping on the black market or downloading from the Internet . "  Music is a very powerful tool . It can move people and mobilize them around a cause , and this can be very threatening for leaders who want to silence the voices of their people , " said Iranian singer Dariush . Dariush has been singing about love , peace , freedom and justice for the Iranian people since before he left 30 years ago . "  I encourage other musicians to come join the cause against human rights violations in Iran and other places around the world , " said Dariush . Female singers were also banned after the revolution . For decades female vocalists like Googoosh , one of the most celebrated pop divas in Iran , were silenced and forbidden to perform or record in Iran . In 2000 , Googoosh left Iran . Shortly afterward , she made a comeback on the international stage , performing in front of sold-out crowds at venues around the world . Her latest release , "  Man Hamoon Iranam , " or "  I Am the Same Iran , " is also dedicated to the young Iranians who died in the unrest . Scores of musicians have tuned into the cause , showing support both in performance and on the Internet . Just last week in Barcelona , Spain , the band U2 dedicated the song "  Sunday Bloody Sunday " to the Iranian people and performed under a green-lit banner as Farsi lyrics scrolled up the screen . The opposition in Iran has adopted green as its unifying color . Other Iran-related videos that went viral on YouTube are the remake of "  Stand By Me " by Iranian singer Andy and American rockers Bon Jovi ; Joan Baez 's "  We Shall Overcome " tribute ; and Wyclef Jean 's performance of "  Equal Rights and Justice . " "  I hope the Iranians realize that here in the West there are people supporting and backing their movement to seek freedom , and we would like to motivate them to keep going , " said Mams Taylor . "  The world has lost many Nedas , most of them the world will never know , " said Dariush . "  There are many Nedas out there whose voices ca n't be heard , there are Nedas in prisons that are being tortured , there are Nedas screaming in the streets -- walking the fine line between life and death everyday . But she has become the symbol for all of them . "	Mams Taylor , other artists join together to produce "  United for Neda " Song is one of support for the Iranian people in wake of crackdown "  House of Sand and Fog " actress was another participant Other Iran-related videos have gone viral on YouTube
Think of five children you know . One of them may suffer from a serious debilitating mental illness . If this child is your own , finding answers to the question "  How can I help my child ? " can be daunting and overwhelming . According to the National Institute of Mental Health  NIMH  , 20 % of Americans under the age of 18 live with or have experienced a seriously debilitating mental disorder . And unfortunately many of those suffering from mental illness ultimately choose suicide as the way out . According to the Centers for Disease Control , suicide is ranked as the 10th leading cause of death in Americans over the age of 10 . Gesine Sauter , a licensed mental health counselor at the Karen Horney Clinic in Manhattan , says suicide is the third-leading cause of death among people ages 15-24 . But there are ways to help and resources available if you feel a loved one might be suicidal . "  If you detect any of the risk factors and you are concerned about someone , always directly ask if he or she feels suicidal . You do not plant any suicidal thoughts or bring the other -LSB- person -RSB- closer to taking action . Just the opposite : being asked can be the first step or chance for the suicidal individual to experience a sense of relief just by being able to share some of his or her anguish and feeling less alone , " Sauter says . While a diagnosis of mental illness or disorder of any level of severity can seem overwhelming to a parent , there are resources available to support families on their journey through diagnosis and treatment . Here are just a few : The Balanced Mind Foundation offers support and for parents and guardians of children with mood disorders . The nonprofit provides online support groups , a professional resource directory , and a family helpline where families can submit questions to trained parent volunteers . They have twenty-eight support groups listed on their website that address the needs of all ages from toddler to what they call "  transition age " or in their twenties suffering from depression or bipolar disorder as well as their family members . The goal of the Balanced Mind Foundation is to see these children thrive in spite of their disorders because they are receiving the proper care and support they deserve . The National Alliance on Mental Illness  NAMI  provides a Peer-to-Peer Recovery Educational program geared toward healthy living strategies and skill-building resources for adults . The course is free , confidential and led by trained individuals in recovery from mental illness . They also facilitate a discussion group called Teen Consumers , which provides a healthy environment for teens to discuss their diagnoses and treatments . NAMI has a support group for parents of teens with mental illness , as well . The nonprofit 's website also provides a state-by-state directory of local support groups . NAMI offers an information hotline for general information , referrals and support : 1-800-950-6264 . Hours of operation are 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET on weekdays . The Autism Society 's approach is to focus on each individual child 's needs . They preach a message that no method is the right method for all children diagnosed with autism . Their goal is to provide parents with many options and different avenues of advice and support . The Autism Society created Autism Source , a comprehensive database of local professional services . Visitors to the website can explore a wide range of resources , including housing needs , medical professionals and educational services . The Treatment Advocacy Center is a nonprofit that works to promote policies that support people with severe mental illness . The website features a link that connects these families and individuals to treatment options , legal resources and crisis response strategies . The Arc is a national community-based organization that serves people with intellectual and developmental disabilities , including autism , Down syndrome and fetal alcohol syndrome . In their mission statement , the team from the Arc promotes a people-first approach and "  believes that all people with intellectual and developmental disabilities are defined by their own strengths , abilities and inherent value , not by their disability . " The strive to make those affected and their families ' lives better through policy , support systems and education .	National Institute of Mental Health : 20 % of U.S. children suffer from a mental disorder For families affected by mental illness , there is hope and resources for help National Alliance on Mental Illness provides support groups for teens and parents
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has ruled the federal government may not deny funds from its global anti-AIDS program to organizations that refuse to actively oppose prostitution . In a 6-2 decision on Thursday , the justices determined the policy requiring fund recipients adhere to a larger message about fighting disease and its root causes was not directly related to the "  core " mandate of the AIDS program . Chief Justice John Roberts , who wrote the opinion for the majority , said the 2003 law violated the First Amendment . The ruling tosses out the policy . The case was closely watched by many U.S.-based non-governmental organizations that distribute financial and other assistance overseas . The decision comes as the justices work toward wrapping up a busy term , likely next week . Among the big issues yet to be resolved : affirmative action in college admissions ; federal enforcement of the Voting Rights Act ; and the politically blockbuster constitutionality of same-sex marriage . The court next meets in public session to release decisions on Monday . Looking at the case decided on Thursday , the Leadership Act was designed to "  make the reduction of HIV/AIDS behavioral risks a priority of all prevention efforts . " In addition to promoting abstinence , monogamy , counseling , and the use of condoms , the law sought to use U.S. funds to "  educate men and boys about the risks of procuring sex commercially " as well as finding ways to help "  commercial sex workers " themselves get out of the business . Federal money came with two conditions , including the "  Policy Requirement " -- a ban on "  assistance to any group or organization that does not have a policy explicitly opposing prostitution and sex trafficking . " Several groups objected to what they called a "  loyalty oath , " including the U.S.-based Alliance for Open Society and Pathfinder International . Roberts said the policy could not be sustained . "  The  requirement  compels as a condition of federal funding the affirmation of a belief that by its nature can not be confined within the scope of the government program , " he wrote . "  In doing so , it violates the First Amendment and can not be sustained . " Explaining further , Roberts noted in most cases "  if a party objects to a condition on receipt of federal funding , its recourse is to decline the funds . " But the ruling concluded the law improperly prevented aid recipients from disavowing the the government 's wishes when spending its own money . "  The  requirement  goes beyond preventing recipients from using private funds in a way that would undermine the federal program . It requires them to pledge allegiance to the government 's policy of eradicating prostitution , " Roberts wrote . The anti-prostitution pledge in the law would still apply to organizations based outside the United States receiving U.S. funds . Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas dissented . Justice Elena Kagan had earlier recused herself from the case , because she had supervised the government 's legal response when she was the Justice Department 's Solicitor General under President Obama from 2009-2010 . Serra Sippel , president of the Center for Health and Gender Equity , said there is "  no place for discrimination " today . "  Discriminatory policies like the anti-prostitution pledge keep us from ever getting ahead of HIV , " Sippel said . The case is Agency for International Development v. Alliance for Open Society International  12-10  .	Law aimed to make reducing HIV/AIDS behavioral risks a priority of prevention U.S. law conditioned funding on pledge to oppose prostitution Chief Justice John Roberts said the policy violated the First Amendment Some groups called the requirement a "  loyalty oath "
CNN  -- When I was launching Vogue China nine years ago , one of the key elements I was determined to introduce was a regular column dedicated to promoting and supporting Chinese design talents . We were the first fashion magazine to do this on a regular basis , but it was not easy . There really were n't many people whose designs could hold up alongside all the international brands we featured . Nowadays , we are overwhelmed with design talent , both from emerging independent designers and from domestic Chinese fashion brands , and very often , we wish we had more space to feature more of them . We started off lending a platform in the magazine for young local designers . But gradually , we started developing various initiatives beyond the magazine in order to promote their designs and widen their scope of influence . For example , the Vogue Talents Corner in collaboration with thecorner.com.cn in December 2011 and the CFDA x Vogue Fashion Fund , launched in 2012 , which allows Chinese designers to gain first-hand insight into the business and retail side of fashion in the New York offices of leading companies like Theory and Michael Kors . Whilst we were mostly focusing on independent designers , gradually , I began noticing that many Chinese fashion brands were taking an increasingly international approach to the way they run their business . They had long been power players in the retail market here , but perhaps lacked the industry know-how of how to operate like an international fashion house , without samples , appropriate PR and a streamlined brand image . We started off by doing a feature on four major brands in our September 2011 issue and I was intrigued by the fascinating stories of their owners , who had all grown up in a society without fashion , but who were now relaying it to the masses with great commercial success . From then on , we have witnessed a growing maturity amongst these brands and their new season designs are often featured within the magazine . See who else has been on Talk Asia More recently , we are so proud to see those such as Uma Wang , Masha Ma and Huishan Zhang thriving on the international stage , as they show on schedule at Milan , Paris and London fashion week . In terms of design style and business acumen , this new generation is possessed of incredible confidence and industry awareness , and are a lot less naïve than the earlier designers . Many of them were educated at design schools abroad , where they learnt to operate within the industry , both abroad and in China . Their success is also an example of the seismic shift which is happening in the Chinese consumer market as people are moving beyond the logo-ed products , with a preference for more rarefied but discreet things . In this process , they are turning more and more towards Chinese designers , who they feel offer products more tailored to Chinese tastes and aesthetics than some of the international brands . Compare the fashion choices of the first ladies of America and China The growth of this market is witnessed by the rising number of buyer 's boutiques who specialize in Chinese designers in Shanghai and Beijing , and increasingly spreading to other cities like Guangzhou , Chengdu and Changsha . I do n't think the ` made in China ' label defines Chinese designers today . Many designers split their design and production between overseas and China . This is a natural process borne out of financial , quality and logistical considerations . Maybe a certain Italian fabric suits their design better , or maybe in some cases Chinese craftsmanship is better . We live in a world which is getting smaller and smaller , and if for example , a German brand can produce in Italy without losing their identity , then I do n't see how it is any different for Chinese designers . It is up to each designer to determine which production methods are best suited for them . Sexy , skintight , sophisticated : How the cheongsma has survived a century Of course , these young designers , like young talents everywhere else in the world , are also facing many challenges . A major one is how to create a brand that is really unique and stands out among the countless other designers and brands that are crowding the markets around the world already . They have to answer the question of "  why does the world need another designer ? " not just for one season but consistently throughout years . The internet , whilst making some things easier , is also posing other challenges . A new idea does not remain new for long in this digital age . Execution , delivery and efficiency are just as important as novel ideas . Chinese designers need , like young designers all over the world , to learn to move beyond the derivative influence of previous designers and stand up for themselves . Despite these challenges , I have confidence that in this , as in everything else in China , change will come much faster than most people expect . The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the author , Angelica Cheung .	Angelica Cheung is editor-in-chief for Vogue China Journalist has seen rise of China 's homegrown fashion designers since magazine 's launch nine years ago Designers and consumers are maturing and going beyond the allure of well-known logos , she says Challenge is for young Chinese designers to move beyond influence of others
CNN  -- The South Carolina Republican presidential primary is often a free-for-all , but this year 's contest probably sets a new standard for volatility . Not surprisingly , Palmetto State GOP insiders see a close finish in the primary Saturday between former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , according to a CNN survey . Less than 48 hours before voters would go to the polls , they were buffeted by a sudden announcement from Texas Gov. Rick Perry that he was withdrawing from the Republican presidential race and endorsing rival Gingrich . And as Perry was dropping out , the political world was buzzing with reports that Gingrich 's second wife , Marianne , said that her then-husband proposed an "  open marriage " before they divorced . Then , a fiery Gingrich struck back at the opening of the CNN debate in Charleston , attacking the "  liberal media " for bringing up the story in the first place . "  It 's like a darned soap opera , " said one South Carolina GOP insider . "  Never seen things this fluid , " echoed another . A CNN survey of 42 South Carolina GOP insidersâ $ " including Republican state legislators , state and local party officials , business and conservative interest group leaders , veterans of previous presidential primary campaigns , Palmetto State GOP political consultants , and other party activistsâ $ " found a close race between the top two contenders . Three South Carolina GOP insiders thought the race would end in a dead heat between the two Republican contenders . The insiders were asked : Who do you think will win the South Carolina primary ? Mitt Romney -- 33 % Newt Gingrich -- 31 % Rick Santorum -- 19 % Ron Paul -- 15 % Rick Perry -- N/A Other -- 2 % Compared to a similar sounding of GOP insiders earlier in the week before Perry withdrew , it appeared that Gingrich had gained the most momentum in the closing days of the race . Before Perry dropped out : Mitt Romney -- 32 % Newt Gingrich -- 25 % Rick Santorum -- 18 % Ron Paul -- 15 % Rick Perry -- 8 % Other -- 2 % While Romney still edged Gingrich slightly in the minds of these insiders , the narrow margin and the ever-changing story lines mean Gingrich could still pull an upset Saturday . "  Romney 's supporters seem to be firmly behind him at this point , while Gingrich could still gain or lose support depending on how things shake out over the  final  days , " said one GOP insider . "  For this reason , I 'm still giving Romney the nod at this point . " One major uncertainty hanging over the race is the impact of the controversial television interview that Gingrich 's second wife , Marianne , gave to ABC 's Nightline in which she said Gingrich had asked her to consider an arrangement that she described as an "  open marriage . " In the CNN South Carolina debate on Thursday night , Gingrich denounced the media 's handling of the story and called the accusation "  false . " "  Right now , I speculate that people voting for Newt may have accounted for his personal baggage in their decision making , without knowing the full extent of it , " said one South Carolina GOP insider . "  However , requests for open marriage do n't play well with value-voters upstate , which seems to be the current heart of the Gingrich surge . I think this interview could diminish , or at least cap , his support with those voters . " The CNN South Carolina GOP insiders were surveyed from the evening of Jan. 16 thru the morning of January 18 , and again between January 19 and the morning of January 20 . The survey was conducted over the internet ; some interviews were conducted by phone . The South Carolina insiders were given anonymity for their individual answers in order to encourage candid responses . And while some insiders were aligned with one or another of the presidential campaigns , two-thirds said they had neither endorsed nor were they working for any candidate in the race . Here are the names of the participants in the survey : Eric Bedingfield , Peter Brown , Kevin Bryant , Luke Byars , Drea Byars , Chris Carino , Phillip Cease , Alan Clemmons , Chad Connelley , Wesley Donehue , Shannon Erickson , Justin Evans , Scott Farmer , Chip Felkel , Becky Fleming , Douglas Ford , Greg Foster , Mark Harmon , Wes Hayes , Allen Klump , Scott Malyerck , Janice McCord , Joe McKeown , Drew McKissick , Ed McMullen , Matt Moore , Matthew Nichols , Mark Nix , Ralph Norman , Randy Page , Sunny Philips , Mike Pitts , Tommy Pope , Richard Quinn , Jay W. Ragley , George Ramsey , Scott Richardson , Oran P. Smith , Bob Taylor , Adam Temple , Taylor Tompkins , Trey Walker , Chad Walldorf , Ellen Weaver , Joe Wilson , Barry Wynn , Robert Yerger .	CNN asked 42 South Carolina GOP insiders about Saturday 's primary Surveys taken both before and after Rick Perry 's withdrawal from race Romney and Gingrich are in a close race , the group says , closer since Perry left
CNN  -- World number one Caroline Wozniacki made a shock exit from the Rogers Cup in Toronto after losing her second round match to Roberta Vinci 6-4 7-5 Wednesday night . Defending champion Wozniacki looked set to force the match into a third and deciding set after building a 5-1 lead in the second , but her Italian opponent rallied to clinch her first victory against a top-five ranked player . "  I thought I could win today , " Vinci , 28 , told the WTA Tour 's official web site . "  I knew it would n't be easy , but I thought I could . "  I saw she was making a lot of mistakes , especially in the first set ; then in the second set I was just focusing on every point when I was down , trying to stay aggressive and hit some slice to her forehand when possible . " Wozniacki first rose to the top of the rankings in October 2010 , but the Dane has yet to capture a grand slam title and admitted world number 22 Vinci had outplayed her on Wednesday . "  Today was definitely not my best match , " said Wozniacki . "  It was very difficult with the wind but also the way Vinci was playing , I did n't get a chance to really get any rhythm . " "  She slices the ball . It 's tough to get under it , and then she really goes for it on the forehand . She was getting a lot of balls back , as well . She did better than me . " Vinci will come up against Serb Ana Ivanovic in the third round , after the 23-year-old 's second round opponent Iveta Benesova was forced to retire in the third set of their encounter . Sixth seed and French Open champion Li Na also benefited from a withdrawal , with Peng Shuai unable to compete due to a hip injury . Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova battled back from 3-1 down in the first set to clinch her match with Anabel Medina Garrigues 7-6  7-3  6-3 and Serena Williams ' winning streak is up to seven matches after the American beat Germany 's Julia Goerges 6-1 7-6  9-7  . Williams , 29 , will now face Zheng Jie , who benefitted from second seed Kim Clijsters ' retirement on Tuesday . Third seed Vera Zvonareva notched up a straight-sets success against Nadia Petrova to set up a third round clash with Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska , who defeated Croat Petra Martic 6-3 6-3 . Maria Sharapova , who was beaten in the 2011 Wimbledon final by Kvitova , is into the round of 16 courtesy of a 6-1 7-5 triumph against Bojana Jovanovski . Sharapova , seeded fifth , will play Gaina Voskoboeva after the qualifier beat Italian Flavia Pennetta .	Top seed Caroline Wozniacki is out of the Rogers Cup following a defeat to Roberta Vinci French Open champion Li Na and Wimbledon winner Petra Kvitova claim their 2nd rd matches Maria Sharapova , Serena Williams and Vera Zvonareva also advance in star-studded event
It 's no secret that fertility treatments are behind the increasing numbers of twins , triplets or even quadruplets or quintuplets born in recent years . However , scientists studying the impact of medical intervention on multiple births were in for a surprise -- in vitro fertilization  IVF  , which has anecdotally borne much of the blame for multiple births because more than one embryo is typically implanted , was not the primary cause of multiples . Instead , fertility drugs appear to be the culprit . By 2011 , 36 % of twin births and 77 % of triplets , quads and quintuplets came as a result of fertility treatments including fertility drugs , according to a study published this week in the New England Journal of Medicine . "  We were surprised that non-IVF approaches were more culpable than IVF here , " said Dr. Eli Adashi , a professor of medical science at the Alpert Medical School of Brown University . He and his colleagues initiated the study because they wanted to find a way to stop the multiples trend . Why ? Doctors prefer women give birth to a single baby or a "  singleton " as they are called in medical lingo . That 's because even with medical advances , multiple births are still considered risky for both mother and babies . Top misconceptions about fertility treatments "  By and large , human reproduction is designed for singletons , and the optimum outcome we hope for is a singleton birth to term , " Adashi said . "  When you get into a situation with multiple and higher number births , all kinds of concerns creep in . We wanted to make a deliberate course correction as opposed to flailing indiscriminately at the problem . " While doctors recognized the phenomenon was a public health issue , Adashi said , "  We did n't really have the hard numbers and we certainly did not have the kind of detailed insights into what 's driving the increase in the number of multiples . " Researchers arrived at these details by studying the number of times women gave birth to multiples between 1962 and 1966 -- the era before fertility treatments . They contrasted this data with the number of multiple births between 1971 to 2011 . All births are tracked by the National Center for Health Statistics . By law , all children born as a result of IVF are also tracked by a national registry . Children born as a result of some other fertility treatment , such as the use of fertility drugs , are not tracked , so researchers estimated that number . What they found , adjusting for maternal age and the national rate of twin births , was that the number of twins increased slightly , by a factor of 1.9 between 1971 to 2009 . The number of triplets and higher-order births increased by a much larger number -- they were up by a factor of 6.7 from 1971 to 1998 . Thankfully , Adashi said , that number peaked in 1998 . That may in large part be due to doctors following guidelines issued that year by the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technology . Those guidelines encouraged doctors to limit the number of embryos transferred during an IVF procedure . Doctors routinely transfer multiple embryos to increase the likelihood that at least one will result in a pregnancy . Since these guidelines went into effect there has been a 70 % reduction in the transfer of three or more embryos during IVF , according to the study . That has in part resulted in a 33 % decrease in the proportion of triplet and higher-order births due to IVF . Egg freezing changing fertility treatments "  Maybe the worst is behind us in this epidemic of multiple births , when it comes to IVF at least , " Adashi said . However , non-IVF fertility treatments such as fertility drugs still are causing a disproportionate number of multiple births . In such treatments , a woman will take drugs that will encourage her ovaries to release more than one egg a month . The rate of non-IVF twin births has increased slightly , going from 16 % in 1998 to 19 % in 2011 , according to the study . Non-IVF triplet births increased from 36 % to 45 % in the same time period . "  That 's a lot and there is certainly room for improvement there , " said Dr. Jennifer Kawwass , a fellow at the Emory Reproductive Center . "  Because of limited insurance coverage , we see that patients currently have a financial disincentive to go the IVF route , which means they are leaving this up to chance . " Women struggling with infertility may choose the fertility drug route first because it is cheaper . Often insurance does not cover IVF or caps reimbursement . With this new data , legislators may want to encourage more insurance companies to cover IVF treatments . Some states do mandate coverage . Teacher who was fired after fertility treatments sues diocese "  There are clearly ways by which these non-IVF technologies can be modified and there are more prudent approaches that result in less in the way of multiples , " Adashi said . He believes education is key to help doctors and their patients understand the negative health impacts of giving birth to multiple children . Adashi said he and others plan to continue to watch this multiple birth trend . "  Hopefully by conducting these types of analyses , we should have a good handle on what is happening in this area , " he said . "  We want to see if we will be gaining in success at limiting the number of multiple births or , God forbid , we are losing the battle . "	36 % of twins , 77 % of triplets , other multiples came from fertility treatments in 2011 More multiples are the result of the mother taking fertility drugs rather than having IVF The IVF induced triplet trend peaked in 1998 due in part to new medical guidelines
Editor 's note : Danyel Smith is the chief content officer of Vibe Media Group and the editor-in-chief of Vibe . Danyel Smith says Michael Jackson sacrificed himself in the name of his art . CNN  -- It falls to me to prepare a statement on behalf of Vibe magazine when someone is promoted , when there is trouble , or when something major happens in the world of pop . It occasionally falls to me to write an obituary or a tribute when an entertainer dies . It 's a part of my job . One has to do it quickly , and I 've never been prepared . Yet I 've been prepping for this one my whole life . Michael Jackson has died at the age of 50 . The sorrow at his passing is palpable , and wet , and illogical -- in my 20 years of being a critic and an editor , I 've never met him . But this is a death in the family . I 've known Jackson 's work since I was 5 years old and was given The Jackson 5 's "  ABC " as a gift . He was on the surface the most uncomplicated of all boys -- beautiful , emotional , untouchable , ours . Michael has bruised my heart many times -- his antics and the accusations , his seeming desire not to be , at least physically , who he 'd been . Which is who I am . But as his funeral is prepared , I , like the Jackson brothers sang with optimistic melancholy in 1976 , think about the good times . There is no moonwalk down memory lane about Michael . The legends mix in with the rumors mix in with the ice-cold facts of 1960s black working-class Gary , Indiana . That mixes in with girls fainting at the sight of him when he was barely a teenager ; which mixes with the many sold-out tours , and with Michael collaborating with Quincy Jones on 1979 's "  Off the Wall " and 1982 's "  Thriller . " There is the alleged abuse inflicted on Jackson and his brothers by his father , Joe , along with the strong love and late rivalry with his superstar sister , Janet . There is the magic and melodrama of Motown . The accusation of child abuse  no charge ; he agreed to a settlement in a lawsuit against him in 1994  , and the 2005 trial in which Jackson was acquitted of child molestation and other heinous charges . There is the drastic change of his skin color , the radical narrowing of his nose , the short marriage to Elvis Presley 's daughter , the friendship with Emmanuel Lewis , the 13 Grammys , the 13 No. 1 singles , the two inductions into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , and the haunting , otherworldly performance at Motown 's 25th Anniversary special . The way he integrated MTV in 1983 with "  Billie Jean , " the "  We Are the World " extravaganzas , the face masks , the oxygen tanks , the Neverland Ranch -- all that mixes in with everything from "  Stop the Love You Save " to "  Dancing Machine , " "  Wan na Be Startin ' Somethin' , " "  P.Y.T. , " "  Man in The Mirror , " adding up to the more than 750 million albums sold worldwide ... I mean . And this is not the half , the tenth , the thousandth of what he was . It comes down to the fact that Michael Jackson gave . Whether he chose to or did it because it was all he knew , he sacrificed himself in the name of his art . Jackson gave almost his entire life on this planet to singing , to dancing , to recording , to performing . He practiced , he watched James Brown and Jackie Wilson and Diana Ross and he watched his brothers . He bent , when he had to , to the will of those who could have done better by him . He was knowing enough about who he was to pretty much demand we all call him The King of Pop , but it was the public shyness , the nerdiness of Michael Jackson that endeared . The whispery voice juxtaposed with the explosive grace he demonstrated on stage and on record . The tenderness , especially of his childhood work , and of "  Off the Wall , " that seduced , and that inspired loyalty . He made me a believer . He made millions believe . I saw The Jacksons in 1981 in Los Angeles on the Triumph tour , sat in the nosebleeds and was living a dream . It was ecstasy , for what I know of it -- unadulterated joy at witnessing . I saw The Jackson 5 live in 1972 at the Circle Star Theater in San Carlos , California . My mother got tickets for herself , my sister and me for my 7th birthday . What moves a heart ? What makes a fan ? I deserted my family and dashed toward the revolving stage . I told people until I was in my teens that Michael Jackson touched my hand . I know he did n't . I never got close , I was 7 and my mother grabbed me back . I know he did n't touch me , but he did touch me . I swear he did . Is it as simple as saying that an era has closed , that part of our childhood and teen years has died with him , that we have to face true adulthood with its Adult Contemporary radio formats , logical love , and guided tours through Neverland ? Is the world grieving Michael Jackson , or mourning for a time when such earnest fandom was possible ? Michael was truly something rare , the last of an endangered species . That he is the best entertainer who ever lived I will argue for life , and I come from an Elvis Presley and Motown household . iReport.com : Share your favorite memory of Jackson In his absolute prime  1974-1986  there was no holding back . There was no cool . Michael Jackson had a sense of humor , but there was little he did , as a performer , with a wink or a nod to himself at our expense . He sometimes got tired of singing "  ABC , " and the ditties of his  and my  childhood , but he was working . We could see it . It 's a dying art . We took and take pride in it . For a time , with the white gloves and flooding pants and loafers and odd military jackets , we emulated it . He gave himself to the world . And Michael Jackson left nothing but blood on the dance floor . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Danyel Smith .	Danyel Smith : Michael Jackson made millions believe She says he gave almost all of his life to entertaining others Smith : He sacrificed and left nothing but blood on the dance floor Smith believes Jackson was the best entertainer who ever lived
CNN  -- Switzerland 's largest city has permitted the use of controversial posters which call for a ban on the construction of minarets on mosques in the European country . The Federal Commission against Racism said the posters defame Switzerland 's peaceful Muslim population . The posters are part of a campaign by the nationalist Swiss People 's Party  SVP  and feature a veiled woman against a background of a Swiss flag pierced by several minarets resembling missiles . The cities of Basel and Lausanne have described the posters as racist and banned them in publicly-owned spaces . However , Zurich is among a clutch of cities that have chosen not to prohibit them . According to the SVP , the minarets symbolize ideological opposition to the country 's constitution . Switzerland will hold a national referendum on the issue on November 29 . According to Agence France-Presse , an opinion poll by the daily Tages-Anzeiger showed more than 51 percent of Swiss voters are against any ban on minaret construction . The Swiss government and all the other major political parties are recommending a "  no " vote , while local Christian , Jewish and Muslim leaders have joined forces to reject a ban , AFP added . The mayor of Zurich , Corine Mauch , told CNN that the decision on the poster was taken on the basis of political freedom of speech in the run-up to November 's vote . "  While we disapprove of the posters we took the decision after legal consultations . "  We consulted the Federal Commission against Racism and spoke to Muslim communities in the city , but decided banning the posters from public spaces would draw more attention to the issue . " Do you agree with the Zurich decision ? However , the Federal Commission against Racism said in a statement Wednesday that the posters "  defame Switzerland 's peaceful Muslim population , feed prejudice , and portray the Muslim community as wanting to dominate Switzerland , oppress women and trample on fundamental rights . " The SVP have courted controversy with their campaigns in the past . In 2007 they faced international criticism for leading an anti-immigration campaign during the federal election that featured a poster with a white sheep kicking a black sheep off a Swiss flag . Under party leader Christoph Blocher they went on to win the biggest share of the vote in the 200-member parliament , taking 55 seats . Earlier this year they issued a poster depicting crows pecking at a map of Switzerland , as the country prepared to vote on whether to support an extension of a free movement of labor deal with the European Union which would include new members , Bulgaria and Romania .	Posters call for a ban on the construction of minarets on mosques Posters are part of a campaign by the nationalist Swiss People 's Party SVP says they symbolize ideological opposition to the country 's constitution Zurich decides against ban on posters on freedom of speech grounds
CNN  -- The judge in the court-martial of an Army psychiatrist charged in a deadly shooting spree on a Texas military base rejected options presented by his lawyers under which he would plead guilty and ordered the trial to begin in May . Maj. Nidal Hasan is charged with killing 13 people at Fort Hood in November 2009 , called the worst incident of its kind on a military base . Col. Tara Osborn on Wednesday ruled that pre-trial publicity around the case would not unfairly prejudice a jury and set the start of jury selection for May 29 . Testimony is scheduled to begin July 1 . Hasan 's lawyers filed motions indicating that he was willing to plead guilty under three potential scenarios . Details of the proposals , including the counts involved , were not immediately clear . But Osborn turned them down , saying it would be tantamount to admitting guilt to a capital offense , which is not permitted under military law . Hasan , who was paralyzed from the waist down in an exchange of gunfire with police , appeared bearded and thinner when he arrived for the pretrial hearing in a wheelchair . The attack that resulted in murder and attempted murder charges against him occurred at the post 's processing center , where soldiers were preparing to deploy to Afghanistan and Iraq . 2012 : U.S. asks court to deny Fort Hood shooter 's appeal Prosecutors aim to show that Hasan was a radical Islamist . Investigations have found that he had been communicating via e-mail with Anwar al-Awlaki , a prominent radical Yemeni-American cleric killed by a U.S. drone attack in 2011 . And much of Wednesday 's hearing was devoted to questioning a potential expert witness for the prosecution , Evan Kohlmann , an international terrorism expert who apparently examined the contents of a laptop belonging to Hasan . Kohlmann said he found examples of websites and YouTube videos that could indicate someone trying to learn more about radical Islam . He said there was "  no indication that anyone other than Hasan used the laptop . " One item on the laptop that was cited by Kohlmann linked to a YouTube video of a 2009 CNN report featuring the network 's national security analyst , Peter Bergen , talking about a newly released audio tape from Osama bin Laden . Defense lawyers , who want to keep Kohlmann off the stand at trial and sought to undercut his methodology and conclusions , introduced their own expert witness who said that only a portion of the CNN report had been viewed . The start of Hasan 's court-martial has been repeatedly delayed since it was initially set to begin in March 2012 , most notably after an appeals court delayed the case over the question of whether the Army major 's beard could be forcibly shaved . Army regulations prevent soldiers from wearing facial hair while in uniform . Hasan , who is still considered a soldier , is a practicing Muslim and maintains he has the right to wear the beard under U.S. laws protecting religious freedoms . 2012 : Fort Hood suspect 's beard focus of another hearing The case resumed after a higher court dismissed the order that Hasan be shaved and replaced the judge in the case . If convicted , Hasan faces a possible death penalty . A U.S.-born citizen of Palestinian descent , he was a licensed psychiatrist who joined the Army in 1997 . He had been scheduled to deploy to Afghanistan before the killings , but had been telling his family since 2001 that he wanted to get out of the military . Hasan had told his family he had been taunted after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . Investigations tied to the Fort Hood shootings found he had been communicating via e-mail with Anwar al-Awlaki , a prominent radical Yemeni-American cleric killed by a U.S. drone attack in 2011 . 2012 : Fort Hood shooting victims want rampage labeled as terrorism 2012 : Military judge removed from Fort Hood shooter case 2012 : U.S. asks court to deny Fort Hood shooter 's appeal	NEW : Judge rejects options for plea offers from Hasan 's lawyers The 2009 shooting that killed 13 people occurred at the post 's processing center NEW : Prosecution expert witness discusses material apparently found on Hasan 's laptop Hasan appears in military court thinner , bearded , in wheelchair
CNN  -- Virender Sehwag plundered the second-fastest Test double hundred as India piled on an incredible 443-1 off just 79 overs on the second day of the deciding third match against Sri Lanka in Mumbai . The opener reached 284 off only 239 balls at stumps on Thursday -- the third-highest individual score in one day 's play -- for his sixth double ton , a record for India , and is poised to become the first player to complete three triple-centuries . India , seeking a victory which would take the No. 1 Test ranking above South Africa and seal a 2-0 series victory over second-placed Sri Lanka , have already achieved a first-innings lead of 50 runs . The tourists had resumed on 366-8 with Angelo Mathews unbeaten on 86 , but the all-rounder fell one run short of his maiden Test century when he was run out by the narrowest of margins following a throw by Sachin Tendulkar . When wicketkeeper Mahendra Singh Dhoni lodged the bails , replays showed that Mathews ' bat was over the line -- but not grounded -- thus he departed as ninth man out for 99 off 131 balls . Young left-arm spinner Pragyan Ojha then claimed his third wicket to go with the four that his senior partner Harbhajan Singh claimed on Monday as Sri Lanka were all out for 393 , 27 minutes into the day 's play . That brought Sehwag and inexperienced opener Murali Vijay to the crease , and they launched a blistering attack on the Sri Lankan bowlers putting on 221 in just 39 overs . Vijay , playing only his second Test , was finally trapped leg before wicket by spinner Rangana Herath , having made 87 off 121 deliveries , with 10 fours and a six . The explosive Sehwag , who made 131 in India 's innings victory in Kanpur , then found another solid partner in Rahul Dravid , who calmly fed him the strike in his patient 62 off 121 balls . Sehwag passed three figures from 101 deliveries and then raced to his second century off just 67 -- the only man to pass that milestone quicker is New Zealand 's Nathan Astle , who took 153 balls against England in 2002 . "  I missed out on a double-century in the last Test in Kanpur and I wanted to make amends , " Sehwag told reporters . "  I batted the best way I thought was possible . "  I was cautious at the start because I did not want to give the opposition any chances as I had done in the two previous matches . I thought I would bide my time , see off the new ball and then take my chances . " Sehwag hit 40 boundaries and seven sixes , and was particularly hard on Sri Lanka 's veteran world record-holder Muttiah Muralitharan , who has struggled all series . The 37-year-old , who has taken 788 Test wickets , conceded 119 runs off his 20 overs . "  Muralitharan is a big challenge and when playing a quality bowler like him you have to attack early , otherwise he will dominate , " Sehwag said . "  I thought rather than let him dominate , I would attack him from the start and keep him on the back foot . " Meanwhile , Pakistan stumbled to 161-6 on a shortened first day of the second Test against New Zealand in Wellington . Daryl Tuffey celebrated his comeback after a five-year absence with two wickets as he replaced injured strike bowler Shane Bond , while captain Daniel Vettori took 3-42 with his left-arm spin as bad light ended play early . Imran Farhat and Salman Butt put on 60 for the first wicket but then fell in quick succession along with captain Mohammad Yousuf as Vettori snared two wickets in three balls . Australia fast bowler Brett Lee has had elbow surgery in a bid to save his career . The 33-year-old needed an operation to correct a damaged ligament after twice breaking down this year amid fears he would have to retire , and is not expected to be fit again before March . The player , who missed the Ashes defeat to England , has taken 310 Test wickets in 76 matches and 324 one-day scalps in 186 appearances .	Virender Sehwag plunders 284 not out as India pile on 443-1 off just 79 overs The opener is aiming to become the first player to complete three triple-hundreds India , seeking to claim the No. 1 Test ranking , bowled Sri Lanka out for 393 in Mumbai Pakistan stumble to 161-6 on opening day of the second Test against New Zealand
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The laser surgery business is booming for treatments like hair , tattoo and wrinkle removal . Julie Pak gets laser treatment from a doctor , eight years after she says she was scarred by earlier treatment . In 2005 , the last year recorded , the American Society for Dermatologic Surgery said its members performed nearly 1 million such procedures , about 300,000 more than in 2003 . Board certified dermatologists , however , are not the only ones operating lasers on skin . Laser treatments are offered at local beauty salons , and are also a big part of the medical spa industry , which has grown by 160 percent in the last three years , according to the International Medical Spa Association . The association says a medical spa operates under the full-time , on-site supervision of a licensed health care professional . It offers traditional , complementary and alternative health practices and treatments in a spa-like setting . Some doctors are concerned that while these high-tech devices can produce amazing results , in the wrong hands , the outcome can be horrifying . Eight years ago , computer programmer Julie Pak went to her neighborhood salon in Illinois to have the rose tattoo on her back removed , a decision she said that left her not only with physical scars but emotional ones as well . Pak said a laser was used to peel back layers of the tattooed skin . She said she knew the procedure would hurt , but was not prepared for what she experienced -- pain that was excruciating "  beyond words . " Watch more on the dangers of illegal laser surgery "  I was in tears for I believe a week , but certainly while she was doing it I did n't have any anesthesia or anything . She literally had a laser pen and was zapping across my skin , " she said . And she said the tattoo was only partially removed . The proliferation of medical spas and other clinics offering laser treatments worries the ASDS , which said botched laser skin procedures increased 41 percent from 2005 to 2006 . "  We see a definite increase in the number of people being damaged by untrained individuals using these lasers and we think that this is just going to be more of a problem , " said Alastair Carruthers , president of ASDS . He and other doctors say the increased demand for laser surgery is outpacing the number of people properly trained to use it . "  If you use them inappropriately , you can damage tissue severely . You 're trying to damage very selectively , but you can do more than that , so that you can draw a hole in someone if you are being dumb about things , " he said . "  Sadly , there are many people who are laser techs who have done very little , maybe a weekend course , maybe some other training . We believe that you require more information than that , " Carruthers said . He thinks a physician should always be present during the procedures and that those performing it should have at least basic knowledge of the response of body tissue to lasers , like a registered nurse or physician 's assistant . The ASDS and organizations like the National Coalition of Estheticians , Manufacturers/Distributors & Associations , put the blame squarely on state regulatory boards for what they consider a lack of effective oversight in the industry . Regulation on who can use lasers and what defines "  medical supervision " differs from state to state . Some states require a doctor on site , others do not . According to the ASDS , Kentucky is the only state that requires a doctor to be present in the room while the procedure is taking place . Only four other states require that a physician be on site and available for consultation during treatments . The rest require less stringent physician involvement -- like simply being available by phone or beeper , for example . "  If we could get a clear definition from the state medical boards as to what medical supervision is , it would make our lives a lot easier and it would keep consumers much safer , " said Susanne Warfield , executive director of the NCEA . The salon that Pak said disfigured her back eight years ago has gone out of business . Since then , she has thought a lot about warning signs that should have stopped her from going there for laser surgery . For example , a woman at the salon gave her a price quote on the phone . "  I mean , without knowing anything about my medical history , that right there should have immediately been a red flag . " Now , Pak again is enduring painful laser treatments to reduce the scarring and hopefully get rid of the rest of the tattoo She also tailors her wardrobe to hide the scar . "  Summertime is probably my least favorite season because it 's the only time either it 's showing or I have to make special efforts to cover it up , " Pak said . "  Even for my wedding I had a strapless gown , but I had to have a really long veil to cover it up and it was something I was self-conscious about every evening . It affects every day of my life . " E-mail to a friend	Woman says salon failed to remove her tattoo and caused painful scarring Laser procedures can be performed by persons with limited training Kentucky is the only state that requires a doctor be in the room during surgery .
CNN  December 16 , 2014 was a dark day , not just in our nation 's history , but the world 's . Young innocent children were brutally massacred in a school in Peshawar along with their teachers . It shook a nation that had already seen more than 55,000 of its innocent civilians die in the hands of terrorism in the last 10 years , to a whole new level . Naturally , I was in no less despair . Hailing from a humble background , where both my parents have served in the field of education their entire lives , the strong emphasis on education in our house was probably another reason why this incident had affected me so deeply . READ MORE : Bloodstains , bullet holes mark Peshawar classrooms I canceled my tours and concerts and could n't gather myself to do much in coming weeks . However , being an artist , I had to express myself ; even more so because I have always believed that an artist should be more than a tool for his art to resonate through . He must also resonate the voice of his surroundings by being socially aware and strive to contribute to his environment for the better in whatever little or large manner that he decides for himself . I thought that each one of us needed to wake up to this call and help and inspire the other to do more for our future . So I picked up the phone and started calling all my colleagues from film , fashion , TV and music . I was pleasantly surprised that all of them agreed with my initiative and came on board without a second thought on such a short notice . We all got together because we all want a progressive , peaceful , tolerant and positive Pakistan . And the response to the song and video further solidified my belief that every Pakistani wants the same . They just need someone to show them the way . And to me , education is the way forward . It 's the the key to progress and peace . I also feel that there is a lot more to Pakistan than what the world gets to see . Pakistan is a beautiful land with beautiful people who -- like those in any other nation -- want to live in harmony with themselves and the world . A place where people sing , dance and play . Unfortunately because of an extremist minority , it is sometimes seen as an extremist country . But no society is void of extremism in one way or the other . This is something that we all need to work towards -- the international community and us . Pakistan needs your help . It has been fighting this battle for years and lost countless lives in the process . Its economy has also suffered . The world needs to see Pakistan in a whole different light to help us out of this darkness . They need to partner with us towards progress . They need to understand the complexities of this society and the fact that it 's not easy to survive through all that this country has been through . Today the entire nation stands as one for this cause . And that is what I have tried to show the world in this video . A Pakistan that stands united to make sure that the lives of those innocent children did not go to waste . I also did n't want this to be just a song . I wanted to practically help towards a cause dear to me -- education . So , I collaborated with a leading Pakistani educational non-profit organization , The Citizens Foundation  TCF  and 141schools . org  141 SCHOOLS  , a new citizen web movement . Together , they are building 141 schools across Pakistan . Each school will be dedicated to the children and teachers who lost their lives in attack on December 16 , 2014 . All proceeds from the downloads of the song will go towards building schools for the children of Pakistan and ensuring a bright future . I aspire to build at least one school which would cost around 20.7 million pkr  $ 202,900  . If you want to help , click here .	Taliban gunmen attacked a school in Peshawar , Pakistan killing more than 140 people Popular singer Ali Zafar says the massacre took violence in Pakistan to a new level and affected him deeply Zafar says he has expressed himself through music and is trying to raise money for schools
CNN  -- A mentally disabled woman and her daughter were held in an Ohio apartment crowded with people and animals for more than a year , forced to perform manual labor and threatened with dogs and snakes to keep them compliant , authorities said Tuesday . Federal prosecutors said the people accused of holding the pair in Ashland , about 60 miles south of Cleveland , collected the woman 's government benefits and beat her in order to get painkillers for themselves . They kept her in a room with a free-ranging iguana and ordered her to feed the reptile fruits and vegetables her daughter was denied , according to court papers . Sometimes their captors ' pit bulls got table food while they had to eat from cans , according to an arrest affidavit quoting witnesses . "  The living conditions were simply subhuman , " said Steven Dettelbach , U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Ohio . "  We 're  talking about people who were locked in rooms , forced to work all the time , people who were threatened and beaten and injured , people who were exploited , people who had their money and benefits stolen , sort of used as pawns to get drugs , " he told CNN 's Erin Burnett . "  And the worst part of all this is , you know , they tried to rob the victims of their basic human dignity . So almost everything they did was to prey on them , prey on their vulnerabilities and exploit them . " The mother and daughter were sometimes forced to eat dog food , according to a law enforcement source with firsthand knowledge of the investigation . They were also frequently denied access to the bathroom , FBI Special Agent Eric Smith told reporters . "  They were physically punished for toiletry accidents , " he said , "  and they were threatened not only with weapons but also with vicious animals , to include pit bulls and pythons . " Family and attorney deny accusations Three people -- 26-year-old Jordie Callahan , 31-year-old Jessica Hunt and 33-year-old Daniel Brown -- were arrested and charged with forced labor . Callahan is facing an additional count of witness tampering , and another arrest could come soon , the U.S. attorney 's office in Cleveland said . Callahan 's mother , Becky , told CNN 's Piers Morgan that the accusations are false , and that the alleged victim was allowed to leave the apartment whenever she wanted . "  There are so many lies going on , " she said , accusing investigators of trumping up the case to draw attention to the small city of Ashland . "  She was giving them a couple hundred dollars a month for staying there . She was getting her own food . She was n't being starved , " Callahan 's mother said . Her son , she said , is devastated by the accusations . "  He 's devastated that all of this is being said about them . They have some pit bulls and snakes , so they are making them out to be evil because they have that , " she said . "  He loves reptiles . He always has since he was a kid . " An attorney for Callahan told CNN affiliate WOIO that the allegations are ludicrous . "  She had opportunities to leave . She left several times and came back . So this was a mutual arrangement for her , " Attorney Andy Hyde told WOIO . "  I do n't like that the federal prosecutors held a press conference to pat themselves on the back . " Attorneys representing Hunt and Brown could not be immediately reached by CNN for comment . Prosecutor : ` They treated her worse than they treated the animals ' But a criminal complaint filed this week alleges that the mother and her daughter were padlocked inside the bedroom they shared . "  These individuals in this case preyed upon a human being 's disability and her desire to protect her child , the most fundamental of human traits , " Dettelbach said . The suspects "  used that to force her into servitude , to work like an animal , and indeed , as the complaint alleges , they treated her worse than they treated the animals that were in that house . " Hunt and Callahan are a couple but are not married , FBI spokeswoman Vicki Anderson said . Brown was a friend of theirs , she said . Before they were allegedly forced into servitude for two years , the victims knew their alleged captors , the law enforcement source said . The woman was identified in court papers only as "  S.E. " Investigators stated Callahan and Hunt persuaded her to move into the apartment they shared with Hunt 's four sons and "  numerous " animals , knowing she "  suffered from a cognitive disability and received monthly public assistance payments . " That was in May 2011 . Her plight came to the attention of authorities in October 2012 , when she was arrested for trying to steal a candy bar from a store . Then she was arrested on a state child-welfare charge as part of the case , Ashland Police Chief David Marcelli said . "  The officers that took that complaint detected that there was other issues aside from the shoplifting , " Marcelli said . He said officers had had "  numerous involvements " with the people involved , "  and in the course of interviewing her , they discovered the rest of these facts slowly . " According to prosecutors , Callahan showed police a mobile-phone video of S.E. beating her child . S.E. told police that she had been told to do so by Callahan and Hunt and that Callahan threatened to show police the video if she "  messed up " or went to authorities . S.E. was released from jail in February after being sentenced to time served on the abuse charge , and her daughter is now in foster care , said Michael Tobin , a spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office . Once the full picture emerged , Ashland police called in the FBI , "  and shortly after , the suspects were indicted , " Marcelli said . ` All of us ... need to work on being better neighbors ' Callahan and Hunt kept tabs on the woman and child with a baby monitor , with Hunt taking the woman 's government benefit cards , authorities said . "  Callahan and Hunt forced S.E. to clean the house , do laundry , walk to the store to do their shopping and care for their numerous pit bulls and reptiles , " the prosecution statement said . Her child was kept in the apartment when she was sent to the store , they said . Tuesday 's announcement comes more than a month after the rescue of three women from a Cleveland home where police said a man had held them captive for about a decade . Authorities believe there is no connection between the Ashland investigation and that case , the law enforcement source said . Dettelbach , the federal prosecutor , said Tuesday 's arrests are part of a broader push to crack down on what he called "  modern-day slavery . " "  We need your help in these efforts . Law enforcement can not do it alone . All of us in the northern district of Ohio need to work on being better neighbors , " he said . "  We need to ask questions , hard questions , when we see something that does n't look right . We need to not be afraid to pick up the phone and to call law enforcement . We need to not be afraid to ask those simple questions -- is everything OK ? Is there some way I can help you ? As Ohioans and as Americans , that is who we are , and it is our duty . " Abused but alive : Lessons for Cleveland 's survivors CNN 's Carol Cratty and Pamela Brown contributed to this report .	One suspect 's mother tells CNN that the accusations are false Prosecutor : "  The living conditions were simply subhuman " Three suspects are charged with holding a disabled woman and her daughter The victims were forced to eat dog food , a law enforcement source says
RollingStone.com  -- It 's instructive to note what a killer actor Richard Gere can be when a movie rises to his level . "  Arbitrage " is such a movie , a sinfully entertaining look at the sins committed in the name of money . For proof that we 're in financial hell , look around . True , this territory has been covered from Wall Street to last year 's "  Margin Call . " But Gere and first-time director Nicholas Jarecki put a tantalizing spin on what goes on in the head of a fraudulent hedge-fund manager when he decides to stick it to the rest of us , including his own family . Gere 's Robert Miller is the picture of unflappable elegance . Good job on that , since he 's just lost $ 400 million in a bad copper-mine investment , and if he ca n't cover it up and unload his company on a major bank , his career will go kaput along with his fortune . Fraud puts pressure on Robert 's skill at deceiving wife Ellen  Susan Sarandon  , French mistress Julie  Laetitia Casta  and chief accountant Brooke  Brit Marling  , who also happens to be his daughter . But Robert keeps his cool until the sudden death of one of these women has him dodging a possible murder rap with the grudging help of Jimmy Grant  a terrific Nate Parker  , the son of the family chauffeur and the only black man in Robert 's circle of white privilege . That 's when NYPD detective Michael Bryer  Tim Roth  smells a rat and Robert 's world begins to unravel . There 's enough plot here to stuff a miniseries or three , yet "  Arbitrage " never descends to bland and predictable . Credit Jarecki , whose combustible directing debut gives "  Arbitrage " the charge of a thriller and the provocation of a moral fable . Jarecki has an eye for the telling detail , not surprising given his start with the 2005 documentary "  The Outsider "  about rogue director James Toback  . Docs run in the Jarecki family , with half brothers Andrew  "  Capturing the Friedmans "  and Eugene  "  Why We Fight "  making notable contributions to the genre . As the son of two commodities traders , Jarecki has Wall Street in his DNA . And it resonates in his exceptional screenplay , which potently captures the gleaming seduction of Robert 's world and the fear that festers underneath . Jarecki knows the territory . And Gere knows the man , inside and out . His rapt , watchful performance is a thing of toxic beauty . Gere digs so deep into this flawed tycoon that we come to understand Robert 's actions without for a minute forgiving them . Wearing the trappings of wealth like a second skin , Gere invites us to see what Robert sees . And the glamour in his field of vision -- cheers to cinematographer Yorick Le Saux  I Am Love  for the sheen and composer Cliff Martinez  Drive  for the seductive mood -- is tempting enough to make us all complicit . Like the best movies , "  Arbitrage " persuades us to ask tough questions about ourselves . And Gere nails every nuance in a role that holds up a dark mirror to the way we live now . Despite his box-office success in crowd-pleasers such as "  An Officer and a Gentleman , " "  Pretty Woman " and "  Chicago , " Gere has long been underrated . No Academy love , not even for his sinister brilliance in "  Internal Affairs , " "  American Gigolo " and "  The Hoax , " or for the battered heart he brought to the cheated-on husband in "  Unfaithful . " Gere 's performance in "  Arbitrage " is too good to ignore . At 62 , he is at the peak of his powers . Watch him in the scene when Sarandon -- in full , feisty flower -- hits Robert with a lifetime of resentments . She ca n't rock his composure . But Gere gives us a window into the soul of a man who finally realizes that even money will no longer help him lie to himself . It 's an implosive tour de force . See full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Richard Gere stars as a fraudulent financier in the film Critic says Gere 's performance is "  a thing of toxic beauty " The movie also stars Susan Sarandon and Laetitia Casta
CNN  -- With "  Mexico only turns 200 once " as their motto , iReporter Michael Hilburn and his girlfriend took a five-day bicentennial road trip in September . "  Starting in Guadalajara , our 792 mile trek took us through some of Mexico 's most beautiful and historic cities including Guanajuato , San Miguel de Allende , Dolores Hidalgo and Zacatecas , " Hilburn , 28 , wrote on iReport.com . Hilburn , of Patterson , California , has been living in central Mexico , where he teaches at a small bilingual Christian school in Guadalajara . The areas visited by Hilburn and his girlfriend , Jensine Pulford , were far removed from the violence making headlines along the U.S. border . "  Even on the highways and among the large crowds of Independence Day celebrators we felt extremely safe , " Hilburn said . Share your travel stories on iReport.com CNN asked Hilburn to answer these questions about his experience : First impression Prior to our trip , my first impression of a "  Mexican city " was one dense urban sprawl polluted with noise and smog . However , walking through the enchanting back alleys , or callejones , of Guanajuato and Zacatecas , I quickly remembered that the beauty of these romantic old colonial towns was one of the reasons why I moved to Mexico in the first place . Do n't - miss experience If you are traveling from Zacatecas to Guadalajara like we did , the ruins of La Quemada are not to be missed ! The impressive remains of this giant settlement stretch across the top of a mountain and overlook a breathtaking valley . Adjectives that capture this place Three adjectives that would describe our experience would be enchanting , intriguing and delicious . Lasting memory A lasting memory was participating in the "  Grito " -LSB- a shout of independence -RSB- from the steps of the Alhondiga de Granaditas -LSB- an old grain storage building in Guanajuato City -RSB- , the site of the first major -LSB- victory -RSB- for Mexican Independence . Most delicious food or place to eat I had one of the best meals of the trip our first night in Zacatecas at a small restaurant called Los Dorados de Villa . My order of enchiladas came drenched in a "  Durango style " sauce that was sweet , spicy and chocolaty , all at the same time ! Biggest surprise Our biggest surprise along the way was our "  discovery " of an abandoned hacienda on the road to San Luis Potosi called Jaral de Berrio . We spent hours roaming through the passageways , courtyards and towers of this football field-sized mansion that was built around the turn of the 20th century . All in all , this trip was one that will not quickly be forgotten .	iReporter marked Mexico 's bicentennial with a road trip He visited Guanajuato , San Miguel de Allende , Dolores Hidalgo and Zacatecas The ruins of La Quemada near Zacatecas are not to be missed , he said
Territorial tensions between China and Japan have flared after a close encounter between their military jets in disputed airspace over the East China Sea . The neighboring rivals accused each other of potentially triggering a dangerous incident , after two pairs of Chinese fighter jets were scrambled and flew unprecedentedly close to a Japanese OP-3C surveillance plane and a YS-11EB electronic intelligence aircraft Saturday . The fly-bys occurred in airspace claimed by both countries as part of their "  air defense identification zones , " while China carried out joint maritime exercises with Russia at the weekend . Japan claims the flights were part of a routine reconnaissance mission near a group of uninhabited islands claimed by both nations , known as Diaoyu in China and Senkaku in Japan . Meanwhile , China 's Ministry of National Defense described the move as a justified enforcement of the country 's air defense zone . Japanese Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera said it was the closest that Chinese jets had come to Japanese aircraft -- passing about 30 meters from one plane and 50 meters from another . "  We believe this proximity and behavior does not follow common sense , " he said . He said the flight crews reported the Chinese planes were armed with missiles . "  The crews were on edge as they responded . " Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters Monday that Japan had lodged a protest to China through diplomatic channels over the incident . "  This should never happen , " he said . Beyond meeting the Japanese aircraft , the Chinese jets took no further action , and the Japanese pilots returned to base . READ MORE : China 's ` air defense identification zone , ' explained In response , a statement from China 's Ministry of National Defense blamed Japan for the incident , saying that the Chinese and Russian navies had issued "  no-fly " notices in the area ahead of the maritime drill . According to the statement , carried by Chinese state media , the ministry had since lodged a complaint with Japan and called on it to "  stop all surveillance and interference activities . " "  Otherwise , all the consequences that might be caused will be borne by the Japanese side , " read the statement . Tensions in recent years over China 's increasingly assertive stance towards territorial claims escalated in November when it unilaterally declared an "  air defense identification zone , " or ADIZ , that included stretches of disputed territory . An ADIZ is essentially a buffer zone outside a country 's sovereign airspace , in which nations request that approaching aircraft identify themselves . The United States and Japan have both declared such zones around their territories . Both countries immediately challenged China 's declaration of its ADIZ in November , with the United States sending two unarmed B-52 bombers through the airspace without notifying Chinese authorities . The disputed island standoff regularly sees the coast guards of China and Japan tail each other around the island chain . While the islands are uninhabited , their ownership would allow for exclusive oil , mineral , and fishing rights in surrounding waters , and their status has been a regular flashpoint in Sino-Japanese relations . Near miss between jets at Houston airport Planes nearly collide off Hawaii Drone , jetliner nearly collided over Florida	China scrambled jets to meet Japanese military aircraft in disputed airspace Saturday Japanese officials said it was the closest Chinese jets had flown to their planes It came as China was holding naval exercises with Russia in the region Both countries blame the other and have complained about the incident
A large crowd of mourners gathered in Jerusalem on Tuesday just hours after four Israeli worshipers -- all of whom held either dual U.S. or British citizenship -- were killed by Palestinians wielding butcher knives and a gun , Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld told CNN . Hours after the attack , a policeman shot during the rampage while pulling a woman to safety died from his wounds , said Racheli Goldblatt , a spokeswoman at Hadassah hospital . At 7 a.m. local time , Moshe Twersky , 59 ; Aryeh Kupinsky , 43 ; Avraham Shmuel Goldberg , 68 ; and Kalman Levine , 55 , were praying in a synagogue in the Har Nof neighborhood , an ultra-Orthodox community on the outskirts of Jerusalem where many people from Western nations live , the Israeli Foreign Ministry said . The Foreign Ministry said the assailants carried butcher knives and a gun . Kupinsky , Levine and Twerksy had dual U.S.-Israeli citizenship , the Jerusalem Post reported . They were slain while wearing prayer shawls , said Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who called for international condemnation of the violence and ordered the attackers ' homes destroyed . Goldberg is a British-Israeli national , authorities said . He 's from Liverpool , according to the Liverpool Echo and used to live in London 's Golders Green neighborhood , which is known for its large Jewish population . Levine leaves behind nine children and five grandchildren , according to Shimon Kraft , a good friend . He was remembered as a sweet and kind person , someone who was great at making people laugh . "  I know he 's in a great place . His priority in life was connecting to God , " Kraft told CNN . "  He did n't waste a minute . He was so alive . " "  He was really someone who tried to bring people together no matter what their background was , and their approach to life or religion . Such a tragic irony that a person who loved his fellow human beings would meet a tragic end in such a horrible attack , " said Alan Edelman , of the Jewish Federation of Greater Kansas City . The Israeli Foreign Ministry referred to the men as rabbis . Rabbi can mean someone who studies , learns or teaches Jewish scriptures or law . It can also mean a religious leader or someone who leads a congregation . A family 's legacy Twersky is originally from Boston , according to the newspaper , and his father was Isadore Twersky . The elder Twersky was an internationally renown rabbi and philosopher as well as a professor of Hebrew literature at Harvard University . When he died in 1997 , the Harvard Crimson called him a pioneer of Jewish thought . Moshe Twersky 's grandfather was Joseph B. Soloveitchik , who is considered a founding father of modern Orthodox philosophy . A New York Times obituary on Isadore Twersky says that Moshe Twersky had two brothers who were rabbis . Isadore Twersky formerly directed the Center for Jewish Studies at Harvard . "  I know that I speak for all of us in the CJS community when I say that we are heartbroken at the news of this unspeakable act of sacrilegious cruelty , " Eric Nelson , the director of the center , told CNN . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the Twersky family at this terribly sad and difficult time . " Moshe Twersky graduated from Boston 's Maimonides School in 1973 , the school said in a statement , adding that "  the Maimonides School Family is engulfed in grief and outrage . " He had lived in Jerusalem for the past 30 years , the school said , and is survived by his wife , Bashy , their five children and many grandchildren . Kupinsky grew up in the Detroit suburb of Oak Park , the Detroit Free Press reported . The 43-year-old was a member of Young Israel of Oak Park , one of the largest Orthodox Jewish congregations in Michigan , and moved to Israel with his family when he was in elementary school , a boyhood friend , Michael Zwick , told the newspaper . "  It was a terrible thing to hear , " Zwick said of the slayings . A city on edge Rosenfeld said that police responded shortly after the attack began and shot and killed the attackers , two cousins from East Jerusalem . Tuesday 's violence is the deadliest attack in Jerusalem since a man with an automatic weapon killed eight seminary students in March 2008 . But the city has been on edge lately after a series of stabbings and vehicles attacks . Netanyahu 's office called the attack "  the direct result of incitement being led by Hamas " and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , referring first to the Palestinian group that controls Gaza and next to the Fatah movement leader in control of the West Bank . Abbas condemned the synagogue bloodshed , WAFA reported , while stressing the need to end the causes of such attacks such as tensions over what Jews call the Temple Mount and Palestinians call al-Aqsa Mosque . Ma'an , a semi-official Palestinian news agency , identified the attackers as Ghassan Abu Jamal and his cousin Udayy . It 's unclear whether their alleged actions were part of a coordinated campaign or spontaneous . ` Wonderful men ... slaughtered ' The devastation felt from the slayings was evident among mourners at an eulogy for the four men . "  When four great men , wonderful men , wise in Torah study are slaughtered while praying in public , there is no public grieving greater than that , " the man at a microphone said in Hebrew to the large crowd in the street . A camera captured young women wrapping their arms around each other and swaying . One buried her head in another 's shoulder and wept . "  It was horrific , " a man described as a witness to the slayings said in a Reuters video . "  I ca n't imagine such attacks would occur to our community . We have to take some time to walk out of the trauma . " At least seven people were also wounded in the attack , including three who were seriously hurt , authorities said . Obama condemns ` horrific ' Jerusalem terror attack Mark Regev , spokesman for Netanyahu , vowed that Israeli police presence will be increased . "  We 've got to make sure there are no copycat attacks , " he said on CNN 's "  New Day . " "  We 're going to be tough ... with the terrorists , " Regev said . Netanyahu summoned top aides to a "  security consultation " later Tuesday in Jerusalem , his office announced . U.S. Ambassador to Israel Dan Shapiro posted online that the "  terrorist attack ... represents a barbaric new low in the sad and outrageous history of such attacks . "  Murdering worshipers at prayer in a synagogue is an act if pure , unadulterated evil , " he wrote . "  On behalf of the United States government and the American people , I condemn this terrorist attack in the strongest possible terms . " President Barack Obama said Tuesday that "  there is and can be no justification for such attacks against innocent civilians . " "  At this sensitive moment in Jerusalem , " Obama continued , "  it is all the more important for Israeli and Palestinian leaders and ordinary citizens to work cooperatively together to lower tensions , reject violence and seek a path forward towards peace . "	A policeman wounded in the attack has died , a hospital spokeswoman says Police say three Americans and one British man were killed at a Jerusalem synagogue Assailants , who police shot and killed , were Palestinian cousins from East Jerusalem The father of one of the Americans was a noted Harvard professor and Jewish thinker
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie made headlines last week when one of his aides admitted that he had surgery to lose weight . Christie said that the surgery had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with his health and his family . Christie said : "  It 's not a career issue for me . It is a long-term health issue for me and that 's the basis on which I made this decision . It 's not about anything other than that . " It is impossible to know whether we should take Christie at face value . Given that there has been ongoing speculation about his presidential aspirations for 2016 , often coupled with discussions of his struggle with weight , it is certainly not unreasonable to wonder whether these are related . Why do Americans care about the weight of a candidate and why is appearance an issue in presidential elections ? There is very little chance that the issue will go away . Certainly , old-fashioned bias has something to do with this concern . The willingness to ridicule obesity and make fun of appearances based on weight remains more acceptable than other kinds of biased comments that are no longer tolerated . One study by Yale University recently showed that male jurors were biased against heavy women , and more likely to find them guilty than leaner women . Some have called obesity the last acceptable bias in American life . Opinion : Congrats Gov. Christie - You saved your life We are also in a political era when politicians are more in the public eye than ever before . Like it or not , appearance matters . When William Howard Taft -- weighing in at over 300 pounds -- was president , most Americans rarely saw him , though jokes about his weight still circulated . But it was still a very different world . In the early 20th century , there was no television or Internet broadcasting constant footage of the president in action . Other than the occasional still image in the newspaper , or the footage in the newsreels before movies until the 1940s , politics was still a medium of words and print . Since the emergence of television , however , we live in a visual political culture where appearances have become much more important . We vote based on what we see , or at least that is part of the calculation . It has become more important for presidents to convey the charisma of a John F. Kennedy and harder for those who are not as easy on the eye . Shallow visual preferences are not the only dynamic at work , however . The last half century has witnessed massive improvements in personal health . Americans are living longer and living better as a result of great advances in our understanding of nutrition and physical care . It is no longer uncommon for Americans to use a gym on a regular basis and to be much more cautious about what they eat . We expect politicians to live by the same standards . Indeed , we want our leaders to set examples for the rest of the nation . Christie is certainly not the only candidate to face these kinds of questions . When Bill Clinton ran for the presidency in 1992 , the media covered his tendency to eat junk food on the campaign trail and his weight gains were treated as problematic . After Clinton gained 30 pounds during the Democratic primaries , Hillary Clinton noted , "  The good news is , my husband loves to eat and enjoys it . The bad news is , he loves to eat , even when things are not always right for him . " Another reason that weight and other physical health concerns have become more important is that the job of the presidency has become much more demanding . As the role of the federal government has expanded at home and the presence of the United States overseas has intensified , there is much more for a president to handle on a daily basis . The massive size of the executive branch and intense 24-hour news cycle makes the presidency a physically brutal job . We often watch as presidents enter the White House looking young and spry , then exit with gray hair , tired and visibly worn down . As with many other high-powered jobs , physical health is important to the ability of a person to handle these kinds of tasks , so it is logical that these considerations enter into the conversation . All of this is to say that there are many reasons why voters and reporters will talk about Christie 's weight , and why Christie 's weight could become a major issue if he runs for president in 2016 . It 's important to note that there is some social science evidence that in certain cases voters may not be swayed by weight . In fact , according to one study , voters in certain cases can prefer obese to non-obese candidates . The studies showing this finding are still limited and , from the evidence of the presidential races of the past century , the signs still point to voters preferring candidates who are leaner . There is clearly a huge risk in making our decisions about leaders based on appearances , which really do tell us little about what a person would do when faced with the big challenges of the day . Regardless , the conversation is unlikely to subside , given the times in which we live . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Chris Christie , a potential presidential candidate , had weight-loss surgery Julian Zelizer says candidates should n't be judged on appearances But Americans will inevitably take weight and fitness into account , he says Zelizer : Job of presidency is constantly in public eye , and extremely demanding
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The Federal Aviation Administration is investigating how an international flight into Atlanta 's major airport landed on a taxiway instead of a runway early Monday . The pilots of the plane that landed at the Atlanta airport have been relieved from flying duties pending probes . FAA spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said Delta Flight 60 , from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , to Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport , was cleared to land about 6:05 a.m. Monday on Runway 27R but landed instead on Taxiway M , which runs parallel to the runway . The flight had 194 passengers and crew aboard , according to CNN affiliate WXIA . No other aircraft were on the taxiway , and there was no damage to either the taxiway or the plane , a Boeing 767 , Bergen said . A runway or taxiway collision , particularly with one plane preparing to take off and carrying a full fuel load , would be catastrophic . Bergen said she is n't sure whether or when other aircraft have ever landed on the taxiway at Hartsfield . Both Runway 27R and Taxiway M are 11,890 feet long , Bergen said , but the runway is marked with white lights while the taxiway is marked with blue lights . Delta spokesman Anthony Black said the airline is cooperating with the FAA and the National Transportation Safety Board in their investigation , as well as conducting an internal investigation . The pilots of the flight have been relieved from active flying pending the completion of these investigations , Black said . Bergen and Black said a medical emergency was reported on the plane , but neither offered any details . The incursion came just two weeks after the FAA announced that serious runway incursions were down 50 percent from the year that ended September 30 , 2008 , over the year ending on the same date this year . The FAA said there were 12 serious incursions in 2009 and 25 in 2008 . Only two of the serious incursions involved commercial airliners in 2009 , compared with nine in 2008 . The FAA defines a serious incursion as one in which a collision is narrowly avoided , or there was a significant potential for collision that resulted in the need to take quick corrective action .	Plane landed on taxiway instead of runway Monday morning , FAA says No other plane was on the taxiway ; aircraft was n't damaged The taxiway is parallel to a runway , but they 're marked differently
CNN  -- English Premier League side Liverpool are a "  sinking ship " under current coach Rafael Benitez , according to one of their players . Albert Riera joined the Anfield club in September 2008 on a four-year deal but has been a peripheral figure this campaign . Liverpool finished second in the Premier League behind Manchester United last season but the 18-time title winners have n't won a trophy since 2006 . The club are currently in sixth place , 15 points behind league leaders United , were knocked out of the European Champions League in the group stages and dumped out of the FA Cup by second tier side Reading . Now Riera has laid the blame at Benitez 's door in an interview with Spanish radio station Marca : "  When the coach says nothing to you and you are well , with no physical problems and training well , you can not help but think it must be something personal . "  If I 'm doing something badly and you are my boss , and you value me , then you are going to come and tell me what I have to do to play again . This is what hurts me . When you see a ship is sinking and do n't do anything . "  It 's a little frustrating because you see that you can help . I 've been here two years and I know how he  Benitez  is . He 's never sorted out a situation with a player by talking with him . He thinks he 's in charge and everything else falls on deaf ears . His dialogue with the players is practically nil . " His comments were later criticized by former Liverpool and Germany international Dietmar Hamann , who made 283 appearances for the club between 1999 and 2006 . He suggested to the UK Press Association that Riera was n't in the team because his form has n't been up to scratch since joining from Espanyol . "  I did n't read too much into the comments because he 's a player who has not played too much football over the last six to eight months , " Hamann said . "  He is clearly frustrated but you have to say since he signed for Liverpool he has not done enough to really have an opinion on the manager . "  If Riera is not in the team it is probably because he is not doing enough in training or in games . You have players these days who complain about managers and I think these players should look at themselves . " Riera is concerned that his lack of first-team football will affect his chances of going to the World Cup with Spain , and he says he is considering offers from Russian clubs . He added on Marca Radio : "  I would like to be here for the rest of my career , but players live to play . My objective is to go to the World Cup and for this I have to play . "  Right now the only market open is the Russian one , I have offers from two teams and , looking at my situation , that has made me reflect a lot . "	Liverpool are a "  sinking ship " according to winger Albert Riera Riera says coach Rafael Benitez rarely talks with players Liverpool are having a poor season by their standards Riera is worried his lack of playing time will affect World Cup chances
London  CNN  -- Protesters made "  some contact " with Prince Charles ' wife Camilla , Duchess of Cornwall , during a demonstration in London last week , Home Secretary Theresa May said Sunday . May , whose responsibilities include domestic security , refused to confirm Camilla was "  poked with a stick , " as some British media have reported . Charles and Camilla 's car was hit with paint and a window was cracked as the vehicle drove through protesters en route to a show in central London on Thursday night . Neither of them was injured , although the duchess looked shaken as she got out of the car . May has not offered to resign over the incident , she said Sunday on Sky News . Police released images Sunday of 14 people they want to question in connection with violence at the demonstration , which was to protest government plans to let universities triple their tuition fees . "  We want the public to help us identify these people who may have been involved in violent disorder , attacking police officers and smashing buildings , shops and windows , " Detective Chief Superintendent Matthew Horne said in a statement . "  The vast majority of the people we are seeking are suspected of committing serious offences of violent disorder and criminal damage , " he said , without specifying whether any were directly involved in the attack on the royals ' car . Separately , police arrested a man Sunday for swinging on a flag at a London war memorial during the student protests . Charlie Gilmour , the son of Pink Floyd guitarist David Gilmour , apologized Saturday for doing that , but London 's Metropolitan Police declined to identify the man they arrested , other than to say he was 21 years old . Cambridge student Gilmour said : "  This is probably the worst thing I 've done " on Facebook , his university 's student newspaper reported Saturday . "  I just wanted to swing from a flag , I did n't realise it was the Cenotaph . I feel so ashamed of myself right now . " Gilmour and his mother did not immediately reply to CNN requests for comment . The man arrested Sunday is not one of the 14 people whose photo was released by police , they said . The Cenotaph , outside the Foreign Office in central London , commemorates Britain 's war dead , and is where Queen Elizabeth II and British officials lay flowers every November on Remembrance Sunday . A total of 34 people were arrested at the demonstration Thursday , the fourth in a series of protests against the planned tuition increase . British Prime Minister David Cameron said Friday that protesters who resorted to violence will "  feel the full force of the law , " and blamed them for wreaking havoc in London during the pre-Christmas weeks . Addressing reporters , Cameron defended the government 's contentious move to triple tuiton at UK universities and said protesters , not the police , should be blamed for the chaos . "  I immediately rang the Prince of Wales , " Prince Charles , said Cameron . "  We need to learn the lesson of this incident , " he said . On Friday , police sifted through rubble strewn over London 's Parliament square , searching for clues and culprits in Thursday night 's protests , where students and their supporters , enraged by the tuition hike , broke windows and ambushed the royal vehicle . "  It is not the fault of the police , " said Cameron . "  It was the fault of those who tried to smash that car . " Members of the National Union of Students condemned any forms of violence , including from the police , they said in a statement on their website . "  Regarding many of the scenes that were witnessed yesterday , whilst it is clear that there were a small number of people involved who were inciting violence , many people were contained for a long period of time when attempting to take part in peaceful protest , " the NUS stated . "  We are calling on the Metropolitan Police to have a full investigation into the clashes yesterday between protesters and the police and for it to look again at its tactics for policing demonstrations , " it said . A photo of the royal couple , dressed in evening wear , made headlines as it showed the startled expressions on their faces as they sat in their Rolls-Royce before exiting for a Royal Variety Performance . The royal couple escaped unhurt . Police said the route had been cleared minutes before the royal couple was due to make their journey . The high-profile incident came late in a day of violent protests that left at least 12 officers and 43 demonstrators hurt . London 's Metropolitan Police issued a statement Friday condemning the protests and alleged vandalism that took place Thursday night , claiming protesters intimidated Christmas shoppers and bystanders . "  This has nothing to do with peaceful protest , " the statement said . "  Students are involved in wanton vandalism including smashing windows in Oxford and Regent streets . " The protests followed a vote in the House of Commons to approve a plan to raise the existing cap on tuition rates charged by universities from # 3,000 to # 9,000 a year . In U.S. dollars , that 's a nearly $ 10,000 a year increase -- from roughly $ 4,700 to $ 14,000 . Lawmakers approved the plan in a 323-302 vote . The measure awaits approval by the House of Lords and a signature by the queen before it can become law .	NEW : 21-year-old arrested for swinging on a flag at war memorial The heir to the British throne and his wife drove through protests Thursday They were not hurt Police release photos of 14 people they want to question over violence at the demonstration
